- The BEST Diet For Women OVER 40 To Lose Weight is Keto. Here's why.: Kind: captions Language: en Losing weight after 40 isn't just about exercising more and eating less. It's about working with your hormones, not against them. And that is exactly what keto is helping you to do. Today, I'm breaking down how the keto diet can help you balance your hormone, get sustain energy, and break down fat without the burnout. Let's dive in. As we hit our 40, key hormones like cortisol, insulin, progesterone, estrogen start to shift. And this makes it easier to gain weight, especially around the belly area and a lot harder to lose weight. Insulin resistance become more common. Your body doesn't process carbs the same way it used to. Blood sugar spikes leading to insulin resistance, making it harder for your body to access fat to burn as fuel. Energy crash and cravings increase. If you feel like you're constantly tired, craving sugar, and having brain fog, it's not all in your head. It's your hormones at play. So, how does keto help? Keto works with your hormone. One of the biggest benefits of the keto diet is that it eliminates blood sugar spikes and crashes. When you eat a heavy carb meal, such as, let's say, pasta or dessert, um your blood sugar spikes quite quickly, giving you a boost of energy. But then it also comes crashing down really quickly, and that's what leaves you with the sluggish feeling of tiredness and the 2:00 p.m. dreaded crashes. Keto helps maintain a steady blood sugar level, which reduces cravings, improve mental clarity, and your level of energy. Keto also balances out insulin levels. When you eat a lot of carbs and sugars, your body relies on glucose as a source of energy. But when you lower your carbs, such as on a ketogenic diet, then your body is forced to go looking for a different source of energy, and that is fat. The fat on your body, that metabolic switch does two powerful things. First, it takes your body out of fat storage mode. Second, it transfers it into fat burning mode, which means that your body is going to look for a more level source of energy in the form of your stored fat, and that's what we want. By keeping insulin low with keto, you create the perfect environment for fat loss. The ketogenic diet helps you to be fat adapted, which means a more level source of energy. When your body becomes fat adapted, it no longer relies on quick sugar fixes for a source of energy. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. Instead, you efficiently burn store fat for fuel, providing you with a stable and reliable source of energy through the day. No more energy crashes, no more needing that caffeine boost mid-afternoon. Keto also unlocks your fat burning metabolism. One of the biggest challenge that we have as women over 40 is that our body seems to become resistant to wanting to burn fat. When you're on a high carb diet, your body will prioritize burning glucose over fat. But when you switch to a keto diet, you're training your metabolism to burn fat for fuel. That's what we want. This means that you're not only losing weight, but that you are reprogramming your body to be a fat burning machine, even at rest. Keto also helps balance your hormones. Long gone are the days of low-fat diets. They made us eat more sugar and messed up our hormones. I'm here to tell you, don't fear healthy fat. They're your new best friend. For years, we were told to avoid fat. The truth is healthy fats are essential for hormone production. Without healthy fat, your body struggles to produce estrogen, progesterone, and other key hormones for your metabolism. We should prioritize healthy fat like avocados, olive oil, coconut oil, grass-fed butter. Keto also focuses on nutrientdense food. It's not just about cutting carbohydrates. It's about fueling your body with the right nutrients. Prioritize high quality protein if your budget permits it. So, grass-fed meat, pasture-raised eggs, wild cut fish. These food provides essential nutrients that helps to support hormone balance, a good metabolism, and they create society. Getting started on a keto diet can feel overwhelming, but I've made it easy for you. I've put together a free keto meal plan for women over 40s. It supports hormone balance and promotes weight loss. It includes delicious recipes that take the guesswork about what are we eating tonight. And it comes with a grocery list to make your shopping experience easier. Also, click the link in the description bar below to grab your free copy and start seeing the fat melt away. So, if you've been struggling to lose weight after 40, it's not just about eating less. It's about balancing your hormones. And keto is one of the best ways to do that. If you tried keto in the past and felt like it didn't work for you, you're not alone. Don't give up just yet. The truth is, most women after 40 makes a few common mistake that really stall their weight loss. In my next video, I break down three top mistakes that stops you from seeing results and how to fix

- #1 Absolute Best Way to Eat Healthier for Women Over 40 🌱📖💪: Kind: captions Language: en news flash your body seems to change the rules right around 40 so you just can't eat the way you used to and expect to get the same results today I'm going to Spill the secrets of how you can outsmart the hands of times and reclaim that energy and body you had in your 20s and 30s by eating for what your body needs now in 40 and Beyond so you probably heard of soy because of the phytoestrogens but turns out there's some better I of flavone rich foods and when I'm thinking of those specifically I'm going to call out tahini which is made with sesame seeds and sesame seeds and chickpeas are great sources so hummus is another one flax seeds and garlic these are phytoestrogens that can help balance the hormonal fluctuations that start to happen they can even start in your 30s but for sure now they're going on in 40 plus it can also potentially alleviate symptoms associated with menopause like hot flx lashes and mood swings and these isoflavones may have a protective effect on bone density which is of course really important for preventing osteoporosis and fractures plus consumption of isoflavone rich foods can help support heart health and they may help lower LDL cholesterol levels and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease Plus isoflavones have antioxidant properties can contribute to healthier skin by protecting it from oxidative damage and some research suggests that isoflavones may be able to impact cognitive function and memory and also have a protective effect on breast health which of course is particularly relevant for women in your 40s who are concerned about breast health and cancer risk plus these are great healthy foods overall to be incorporating into your diet next up another one I want to make sure you're incorporating into your diet every single day is clean lean quality protein and that is because as we age we have this phenomenon that happens called anabolic resistance which means as we age it is harder for us to go through muscle protein synthesis we are going to need more protein not less as we age now you know protein supports muscle maintenance it supports strength and functionality all these things that we have to have to stay active and to have an independent life Plus protein is the most thermic food macronutrient there is so protein rich foods take about 25% of the calories when you eat them just to be just to digest and met metabolize them contrast that with carbohydrates which is like 5 to 10% and fat which is negligible so here's a great metabolic boost if all you did was take the same amount of calories and move some of the calories away from carbs or fat and put them into protein that can help you start to lose body fat and also improve not just the um not just your metabolism but also your satiety and your satisfaction next up proteins really important for bone health and protein can help regulate hormones related to muscle development fat metabolism and overall Vitality plus of course we know that protein is the most satiating macronutrient and what's going to really blow it for you on your diet being hungry right so it also goes beyond satiety because there's satiety and we know that we've got a couple different hormones being regulated by protein one of them is grin one of them is cck these things that will tell your body when you feel full and you don't need to eat anymore but beyond that it also impacts your satisfaction what I've seen dramatically with people who are going through my 7-Day eat protein burst free challenge is the big things they tell me is they're not hungry and they don't have cravings and I think probably some of that is and this is a hypothesis is that protein helps us make our neurotransmitters which then help us control our cravings and of course if you've can controlled your hunger and your Cravings it is going to be way easier for you to manage your body composition and make better food choices and by the way the studies show that people who eat protein first that is my mantra make better protein Choice choices plus of course protein supports the maintenance and repair of joint tissue which can help with joint pain and Joint stability and overall reduction in the risk of injuries we also know that protein intake is essential for brain health because it's going to provide the necessary amino acids for neurotransmitter production which can impact both your cognitive function and your memory now in my 7-Day eat protein first challenge I show you how easy it is to increase your protein intake to where you need it to be and that's why it comes with a calculator so you can figure out how much protein you need plus I'm going to give you plenty of recipes to help you get started and best of all this is free you can get this at JJ virgin.com 7day and that's the number seven now next up are carbs now first off I have to say that all carbs are not created equal because you know white bread's a carb and broccoli is a carb so obviously these are not the same but we want to start to think about carbs because of what they can do for your adrenal health for your cortisol for your sleep in fact one of my buddies Dr Alan Christensen says if you eat slow carbs at dinner it will help lower cortisol so you can get that sleep so that you can then repair from all the wear and tear of the day he talks about this in his adrenal reset diet so we want to eat carbs but what I talk about in my sugar impact diet diet is again all carbs are not created equal remember all carbohydrates turn to sugar except for fiber it's just a matter of whether we're making them slowly making that Sugar slowly from the food we're eating or if we're mainlining it let's say like we're eating Skittles or a muffin or something like that so we really want to look at eating carbs as close to Nature as possible that has a lot of fiber so that would be things like say a sweet potato that has vitamin C and magnes iium that can help regulate cortisol levels now remember I'm talking cortisol here because I find with a lot of us who are stressed or have any adrenal issues making sure that we get in our carbohydrates first from non-starchy vegetables then from a little bit one two servings of fruit especially berries and then a little bit of slow low carbs that we just do better that it helps regulate our cortisol levels because remember if you've got elevated cortisol which can happen due to stress especially acute stress stress it's going to disrupt your sleep patterns which then can mess up lead to like chronic sleep disturbances which can then lead to insulin resistance when you have some healthy carbs in the diet again deep green leafes loads of non-starchy vegetables some berries some purple sweet potatoes for the wind maybe some wild rice some squashes some legumes that is going to help you manage cortisol and promote a sense of calm and relaxation and help with better sleep especially getting a serving or two in your evening meal let's dig into fiber and really when I think about fiber I think of you know the prebiotics and probiotics and ferments and everything else that can help the gut so fiber first fiber can act like a Prebiotic and a Prebiotic is a non-digestible fiber that can promote the growth and activity of beneficial gut bacteria I look at prebiotics as the fuel as a way to feed your gut microbiome this provides essential nourishment for these little microbes in your gut so that you get this nice balanced and diverse gut microbiome now let's talk probiotics because I just mentioned having this great diverse gut microbiome so one of the ways that you can help facilitate that is by getting in probiotics probiotics of course help with healthy gut bacteria diverse gut Bia and when you have a healthy gut you've got better nutrient absorption one of the places you can get probiotics is in fermented foods and so fermented foods can be things like kimchi real pickles real sauerkraut or yogurts I find that to be the easiest way to do it I wish I could say I loved kimchi but I've been playing around with different plant yogurts without added sugar and uh working on getting some in every single day and again that can really help with gut diversity and you really want a big gut microbiome diversity now one of the other cool things that fiber does and we're talking fiber remember there's there's a variety of different types of fiber but specifically here soluble and insoluble fiber can help support regular bowel movements and help you not have constipation which is super important because remember one of the ways we detoxify is through our stool so we want to make sure that we are having poops we can be proud of and moving things along fiber is really important for blood sugar control fiber is super important for um your weight man man agement because it helps reduce hunger in fact when you eat fiber and protein together it slows down stomach empty keeps grance the breast so that's fantastic and it also can be good for cardiovascular health in fact high fiber diets are associated with a reduced risk of heart disease and when you have good fiber it can help lower LDL cholesterol and raise HDL cholesterol all right now what about skin do a little shout out to my buddy Dr kellyan Puchi who wrote the bone broth diet and kind of turned me on to all of the benefits of bone broth now I'm lazy so when I discovered I could actually create a bone broth protein that would be rich in collagen and tastes like chocolate or vanilla that works well for me I do keep collagen in my fridge and I use it to cook with especially if I'm making things like sauteed mushrooms or um cauliflower rice but I get my bone broth in every day by using my bone broth protein and it's rich in collagen which is super important for both for joint health but also skin strength and elasticity and what this collagen can do is help now you you bring in collagen whether you're doing it from bone broth or bone broth shakes your body breaks it apart and then is going to use those building blocks to replenish collagen levels which improves the firmness of your skin and helps reduce the visible signs of aging and one of the other cool things with bone broth is it has anti-inflammatory compounds that help sooth skin conditions things like acne or eczema and of course there's a big gut skin connection and we also o know bone broth helps heal and seal the gut so there's that benefit too I mean there's so many benefits to bone broth beyond that bone broth has antioxidants has vitamin C selenium and zinc which can help protect skin cells from oxidative damage caused by free radicals now if you want more tips for skin health over 40 and of course who doesn't I created my anti-aging cheat sheet I put it at JJ virgin.com SL anti-aging and in there I have skincare recommendations the best foods for skin what supplements can work even mindfulness practices to help you turn back the clock from the inside out now let's talk about polyphenol rich foods because part of what we need to talk about in terms of healthy aging is methylation methylation influences DNA regulation repair and neurotransmitter balance its processes are like little switches that can affect how our genes and cells function when turned on or off these switches can change how our bodies operate and even influence whether specific genes are active or not so for women over 40 ensuring these switches work correctly can help maintain good health and reduce the risk of age related health problems supporting healthy methylation ensures these switches are in the correct positions to keep our bodies running well now as women age these processes can become less efficient potentially leading to a range of age related health issues good news though polyphenols these are things found abundantly in things like beets and leafy greens like spinach and kale and collards play a crucial role in supporting the methylation processes in the body now healthy methylation supports better brain function it can support heart health by promoting healthy blood pressure reduces LDL cholesterol levels and improves blood vessel function methylation is also involved in detoxifying harmful substances from the body now when you get good methylation support which you can get by eating polyphenol rich foods you enhance the body's ability to eliminate toxins and maintain overall health these polyphenols are potent antioxidants that help combat oxidative stress and reduce the risk of DNA damage caused by free radicals this antioxid action is particularly beneficial as women age and helps to maintain the cellular integrity and reduce the risk of chronic disease plus bonus they're also anti-inflamm so I want you to think here in terms of polyphenols this is where you want to think about eating by the rainbow all of those deep green leafies all of those different bright colors all the different berries and the different bright yellows that you're getting from the squashes all of those things are going to give you a variety of different polyphenols that as you can see have a dramatic impact on your methylation and as you can tell from all of this diet is a major part of playing full out in your 40s and your 50s and your 60s and Beyond but it's also about what you're not doing too now I recently turned 60 and I've got a lot of life lessons to share watch this next video on what I left behind in the last decade for better longevity and the ability to play full out 7s 80s and 90s and [Music] Beyond

  Top Comments:
  1. @kathleenholcombestevens5391 [8 likes]: JJ, are you looking toooo thin?
  2. @ef5842 [4 likes]: I would like your plant yogurt recipe.
  3. @danaprahl9748 [3 likes]: JJ, does pea protein powders work to help with our protein requirements?
  4. @ef5842 [3 likes]: I used to eat lots of bananas, but recently learned that banana has a collegen-aise effect. So I wonder if I cook them in good water, I can kill the collegen enzymes and still enjoy the bananas. Can you research this also, a  do a video about it?
  5. @jjvirginvideos [2 likes]: 6 Things I STOPPED Doing Once I Turned 50 for Better Longevity: https://youtu.be/Jq95QeeS3tU
  6. @cgArtsy5 [2 likes]: What are your thoughts on lectins?
  7. @mirriaevans7923 [2 likes]: Thank you.  You have given me some valuable information regarding cortisol; and the best foods  to eat at my evening meals❤
  8. @kathleenholcombestevens5391 [2 likes]: I have high triglycerides so my doctor told me to STOP eating meat and just do vegetarian!
  9. @YaraViera-z8d [1 likes]: Hope to age gracefully fully of life look feel pretty. I have serious problems with my whole back my face a lot .
  10. @24wallachian: I turned 40 in July 2025 and I've been eating garlic my whole life like it's candy. I LOVE the taste of garlic and when I found out that garlic is the best plant to eat to prevent cancer, I leaned into it even more... Also, I noticed that when I eat garlic, mosquitos even in mosquito-infested areas mostly leave me alone. I know garlic has such a bad wrap...but if it can help me avoid cancer, I'm all in.
  11. @219shantel: Thank you!!❤
  12. @candidalarisamartinrodrigu3324: Thank you very much... I can't write at this moment... Today is Saturday, 1st March. 2025... Help me, please... I am in Mexico city... Kind regards...
  13. @Nazli-m5j: Hello mamm I’m also 40
  14. @anabeave4713: I want to eat bone broth, veggies & berries but they give me diarrhea.  Why?
  15. @MamaLolaLameti: Jj, just wondering if you are ever hungry for a bedtime snack. Let's say you were extra active that day. You have mentioned before that you like having a few hours to digest before going to bed. With this in mind, would you just not eat anything after dinner?
  16. @carlosapineda4: Excelente

- How to Eat to Lose Fat - For Women: Kind: captions Language: en This is the number one reason that you're not getting lean, seeing the definition, or the tone that you want. It is your nutrition. Now, these two scrambles are both made with whole foods, but plate A has 450 calories and 28 g of protein. This bigger plate over here has 350 calories and 42 g of protein. Now, one of these is going to make fat loss much easier. You're going to feel more full, eat more food, and actually see results. Live in Lita Loca. Today, I'm breaking it all down. Exactly how to build your meals for fat loss with real meal examples so you can start losing fat. Now, welcome. My name is Meline. I help thousands of women get insane transformations at home eating a ton of food. That's how we do it. Let's go. The first component that you need to prioritize while eating for fat loss is not just protein. It is lean protein. Now, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is lean protein? So foods are made up of carbs, fats, and protein. What makes something a lean protein source is that it has a little bit of carbs or none. Little bit of fats or none. And it is primarily a protein source. If you take 100 gram of it, the calories are mostly coming from protein. Let me show you an example to really hone this in. All right, we've got two foods that include protein. One cup of cooked lentils and 100 g of chicken breast. So, for one cup of cooked lentils, you get 18 g of protein, 40 g of carbs, bar no fat, and 230 calories. So, what does this mean? Here is the cup of lentils. To get the 18 g of protein, you have to also eat the 40 g of carbs. What does that mean? That's more calories. So, you have to spend 40 gram of carbs and more calories to get the 18 g of protein. Now, 100 g of chicken breast gives us 31 g of protein, no carbs, and 3.5 g of fat. So, here is our 100 g of chicken breast. We don't have to spend much on other macronutrients, spend more calories just so we can get the 31 g of protein. It's primarily protein. Now, why is it so important that you do prioritize protein especially while trying to lose fat? Well, number one, we are made of protein. Okay, fat loss are not your muscles, skin, hair, nails. We need protein to repair, rebuild. It's part of us. Number two is that protein is the most satiating or satisfying macronutrient that we can eat. Compared to carbs and fats, we feel more full, more satisfied, and less peckish when we eat protein. I mean, how often have you had a plain chicken breast and just binged and just overeat chicken breast? It's kind of infrequent. Number three, this is what is protecting your muscles while you are losing body fat, leaving you toned and lean with that definition that you want. Number four, little bonus tip is that out of proteins, carbs, and fats, your body burns the most amount of calories digesting protein. 30% roughly of the calories that you eat from a protein source are just used to digest the protein. So, little bonus, big bonus really. Okay, here's a list of the most kind of common lean protein sources. Chicken breast, turkey breast, lean cuts of steak, extra lean ground beef. That's at least 90% ground beef, 10% fat. I like to go at least 5% and above. So 955, you can ask your butcher. Egg whites, whey protein isolate, low-fat Greek yogurt or low-fat cottage cheese, shrimp, white fish like cod or halibit. There is certainly more options than here. What I would do if you want to see more of them is ask Chat GPT what are the top leanest sources of protein available and have a look there. Let's cook some food. All right. There are tons of different ways to get lean protein into your breakfast. I'm going to show you how to turn an egg scramble. That would be, let's say, two eggs, three eggs would be six to what's 6 + 6. What's 12? 12 + 6 18 g of protein into a 50 g of protein breakfast while keeping it low calorie so you can reach your fat loss goals. I'm going to start off with three pieces of turkey bacon. I'm going to slice them up and throw them on the pan. All right. Now, for our eggs, I'm going to do two whole eggs so that I get the nutrition and healthy fats from the yolk. And I'm going to add lean protein source number two, egg whites, to bring up the protein content, 150 g, and whisk. Now, I did actually just realize that I'd like some mushrooms in this, so I'm going to add mushrooms into the pan right now. Is it weird that I could just eat Mushrooms earthy. I love the texture. I can mix going in. Add your salt. Unless you're a virgin. Here's our eggs. And also, look at the portion. We're not here eating like no birds. I mean, I physically can. I I have a big appetite and I Okay, damn it. I need to eat a lot of food. Let's test it. Oh, hot damn. This is my jam. Now, you'll either love me or hate me for this one. I'm going to add another lean protein source just so I can really show you how to do this, but also for flavor. I'm very excited about this addition. You're going to top it with cottage cheese. You don't have to do this, but oh boy does it make me excited. So, it being a lean protein source means I can add a good dollop of it. It only increases the protein target without blowing the calorie bank. So, I'm going to put in 80 g on top. Just trust me with cottage cheese and hot eggs. Trust. I would not steer you wrong. The creamy, the salty. Okay, here we have it. So, let me just break this down for you so you know. So, an egg has six g of protein. So, say I wanted to just have three eggs today. I would have had 18 g of protein. Okay. By adding these lean protein sources, I'm having a low calorie, high protein breakfast. This breakfast is only it's under 400 calories and 50 g of protein. The turkey alone added 12 g of protein. The addition of the egg whites added 15 grams of protein. Easy. And the cottage cheese on top, which is a flavor freaking bomb. Well, it's not a flavor bomb on itself, but when you add it, just trust. 9.6 g of protein. Okay. Easy ways to bump it. This is going to taste like unbelievable. There you go. Easy breakfast for a calorie deficit. High protein. Yeah. Moving on to fats. Every time I hear the word fats, I still think about that era where we were all using like spray butter for less calories. It sends chills down my spine. Okay, your body needs good quality fats for hormone production, brain function, absorbing fat soluble vitamins, long lasting energy, healthy hair, skin, and nails. As soon as you go too low in fat, you're going to see negative impacts on your cycle, your hormones, all that kind of stuff that we really, really want to avoid if we want healthy fat loss. Now, not only is fat super important for just our health as women, but it aids in fat loss because it keeps us fuller for longer. It slows down digestion due to that stable impact on blood sugar. Just keeping us more level, cool, calm, and collected. You know what I'm saying? Less of like a snacky biot. I really tell you when I was really limiting fat or like the only fat I had was like from a tablespoon of peanut butter, I was a hangry [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My hunger would come on like that and like I couldn't control myself around food. It was a bad time, girls. It was a really bad time. You can ask Will. It was ugly. Now, just because things are healthy for us doesn't mean we can't overeat them. Okay, fat is the most calorically dense macronutrient out of the three. Okay, so protein has four calories in a gram. carbohydrates has the exact same four calories in a gram. Imagine I'm holding a gram of a carb, a gram of a protein. It's very small, but it would be four calories. Now, for fats, it's more than double. One gram is nine calories. Now, that can make sense, right? A gram of a chicken breast, four. But a gram of olive oil, that is straight fats, it's much more calorie dense, nine calories. So, what does that mean volumewise? on your plate, your fat source is going to be the smallest because it's much more rich in calories. Now, if you are trying to lose fat, it doesn't mean you got to go no fat or low fat. You just need to measure and take account of the portion size because it is so easy to overeat, right? A little teaspoon here and there, boom, adds up really quick. But that's a very simple fix. You measure, use your scale, bada bing, bada boom. And honestly, when I have women that feel like they're eating really healthy, but they can't figure out why they're not losing fat, the extra calories are usually coming from fat just because they're almost they can be almost invisible. Say you have a piece of sourdough, little skim of butter, boom, it's like a skim, at least 50 calories, boom, half an avocado, 150 calories, and you just have the small amount of food, but the fats from avocado, butter, a little bit of olive oil in the pan, on your eggs, they add up so quick and you don't really see them. So, we just have to build awareness around it. Fats coming from real unprocessed sources are the ones to go for. Some of my favorites are extravirgin olive oil, avocado, cheese. Two of my favorites are parmesan or pecarino, raw cheeses, whole eggs. Eggs are half protein, half fat. The yolk is that amazing good quality fat. So, whole eggs, butter, grass-fed, even better. All right, to the kitchen. All right, I'm going to show you one of my favorite quick and easy low carb lunches at the moment. You don't even have to turn the stove on, you know, you just it's done in 5 seconds. Bought some nice organic greens as the base. I'm going to go in with some cottage cheese. Going in with my can of tuna. Easy peasy lemon squeezy. And now let's add our fat source. So, I'm going to show you how easy it is. The calories add up with fat. Okay, so starting off with half of like a smallalish medium avocado. Will always gets really annoyed that I don't like do it nicely in the eye with like the slices. I just kind of raw dog it like this. My presentations aren't that nice, fam. It all tastes the same, though. 57 g. It's really not all that much. This is kind of a small avocado. 103 calories. So, we don't want to cut these foods out, but we want to be aware so that we can keep calories in control. Now, let me show you how I finish this. Little bit of salt, little bit of pepper or lots of pepper. I really like pepper with tuna. You can do any hot sauce, but I really like a Sriracha. Look at that. Okay. So, the gold is when you mush it around. You got to like mush it. Everything's got to be mushy. If you come over to my house and I'm cooking for you, we are eating mush. Okay. I love it. So, that's a simple, easy lunch. But just to show you how easy it is, say you wanted to add some olive oil as the dressing as well. These are easily 100 here, 100 there. Um, you're eating healthy things, but they're calorie dense, so you just need to be aware so that you can lose the fat. Oh my god. Mhm. Mhm. Now, moving on to carbs. Your body's first and preferred source of energy. Carbs are broken down into glucose in your body, which is your body's primary fuel. It goes there first before it taps into fat for fuel. Now, you might think, "Oh, okay. Well, I'm not going to eat any carbs. I want my body to burn fat for fuel, so I'll just cut out carbs." It's not as simple as that. Just because your body is using fat for fuel, doesn't mean you are losing fat. If you are eating enough calories to maintain your current body weight, you're eating at maintenance, you're not going to be burning fat. Whether you're eating a ton of carbs or no carbs at all, it comes down to the calories. So, I like to choose 99% of my carb intake coming from whole food sources. What does that look like? So, some sources include berries, squash, potatoes, honey, oats, rice, real sourdough. sourdough that only has, you know, three to four ingredients, not some 57 ingredient one from the store. As opposed to eating refined versions like cereal, tortillas, your white store-bought bread, chips, crackers, candy, whole foods come with fiber, water, nutrients that slows down digestion, obviously fuels us properly, and keeps us much more satisfied after we eat them. Whereas refined versions have been stripped of their natural fiber. Even if fiber has been then added back in, it's not the same. Super easy to overeat and they don't keep you as full. Real talk chicks. I just like to eat close to the earth, close to its natural form. Choosing real food 99% of the time. If it's got a big ingredient label with preservatives and gums and who knows what, I just don't typically eat it. I feel much better having my carbs come from natural sources like this. P.S. I'm absolutely not perfect. Yes, I eat my Nonas, fetachccini, biscotti, you freaking name it. But 99% of the time, my diet at home, this is what I'm eating, and my energy and my digestion feel better for it. Now, you absolutely don't need to eat carbs at every single meal. You just need to get them in at some point of the day. What I like to do is allocate most of my carbohydrates until later on slash afternoon slash dinner time. Why? Focusing on proteins and fats during the day and keeping it relatively low carb keeps me more satisfied. That's because proteins and fats have a stable impact on blood sugar. And that's why myself and many of my clients have found a lot of success in feeling more full and taking away a lot of calories because they're not hungry because they're starting the day with proteins and fats. That might look like my Matty Patties, extra lean ground beef with some eggs or some sort of variety like that. All right, let's go to the kitchen. Welcome to dinner time. I wanted to show you two sources of carbohydrates, how I'm going to use one of them in my dinner tonight. Now, I eat both. I'm not restricted on any foods, but I just want to show you because there are differences. So, these look the same amount of food, right? This is sweet potato and this is squash. This is one of the reasons that I do love squash, although I eat both. This squash here takes up the same amount of volume is 185 calories. This bunch of sweet potatoes here 369 calories. So just know just know that there's difference in the value of these foods. I eat both. You sometimes this is better if you're really really hungry, you want to eat big portions, you have a big appetite like me, this is going to be more helpful sometimes, but sometimes it's not going to be filling enough because the calories are from good quality nutrients in the sweet potato. So you don't want to never eat sweet potato because there's value in that as well. So just so you know, there are differences. Choose your carbs wisely. So, I'm going to show you a bowl that I'm going to have tonight. This is going to be fire. Okay, base is going to be just some fresh organic mixed greens. I like to load them. Now, I'm going to put a little bit of the sauce in now so that it's not all just dry greens on the bottom. I have made a dressing for my mom and I tonight that is 0% Greek yogurt, lemon, parmesan, garlic, salt. So, I'm going to drizzle a little bit here. It tastes amaz Oh my gosh, you guys. Just going to drizzle a little bit now. Okay, give it a quick little mix just so that the leaves are moist. I'm going to add some of my squash here. I'm going to be having this whole thing of squash here. Okay, now I'm going to add my beef. It's kind of nice to layer it so that it's not just like everything's on the top. So, I've got just my extra lean ground beef. And now I'll top it up with more squash. Does she eat bowls? the size of a bowling ball. Yes. Okay. Now, more sauce. M. It's like cheesy, like a Caesar, you guys. And then you're just going to mix this around. And that is my dinner. So, for tonight, these are my sources of carbohydrates. I'm having kaboka squash, I believe it is. And I like adding it to bowls like this. And that is my favorite way to eat squash and potatoes. Now, you do not need more rules. You do not need a new specific diet. You need more real food. I promise once you start eating this way, you get rid of either it's the 57 ingredient protein bars that you're addicted to, or you feel really limited and you're eating egg whites and rice cakes, or you feel like you can't put down the salt and vinegar chips. I promise if you allow your taste buds to adjust to eating whole foods, get rid of the processed crap, you're going to feel more full, less snacky, your skin's going to look better. You're going to feel more energized. Your digestion is probably going to feel smoother. I don't know how we've been steered wrong, but fat loss should be about honing in on your health. And if your fat loss plan doesn't do that, I suggest you find something new. Getting the body that you truly desire does not have to come with fake [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] diet food. That's just a trap that we've we've all been sucked into, girlfriend. Trust me, I've been there. I mean, I truly used to think that the only way for me to get my dream body and get abs was to eat confetti birthday cake protein bars and sugar-free maple syrup. And what happened? I was a hungry, bloated [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But more importantly, I invite you to raise your standards for what you put in your body. Are you a garbage bin? Were you put on this earth to eat processed junk? Even though you can get lean eating Twinkies and candy, is that the right way to do it? Is that what we were put on this earth to do? I believe we should really treat our body like we only have one. We don't get another chance ever. Is it not the greatest gift to be on this planet with an able body? Why not nourish it and give it what it needs to thrive instead of taking it for granted? If this was helpful, I would be so grateful if you subscribed. I have plenty more videos to help you achieve your dream body in the healthiest way possible coming your way. And if you'd like a complete nutrition and workout plan along with access to the best online fitness community ever, link in the description to become a member of my app, Studio Era. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @madelainerascan [33 likes]: Lose fat with me. It’s free to try: https://www.studioera.co/fat-loss-program-trial
  2. @deborahlabbe3492: I didn’t grow up eating any squash, but finally just tried the kabocha squash today and I like it!
  3. @lysthelion: I hit subscribe as soon as you said "snacky bee-otch" and "hangry bitch." 😂
Great video, thank you!
  4. @AlyNada05: If 100g of chicken breast has 31g protein and 3.5g of fat, then what are the 65 remaining grams?
  5. @KatelynnKennedy-t8f: In a country that doesn’t sell ground beef with labels, rinsing the fat off ground beef with a strainer and warm water is a good option.
  6. @Elena-cq4hk: Ok I really have to change my diet cause I feel absolutely tired not matter what I eat, no consistent energy
  7. @flamingicequeen: At ask ChatGPT.. I am out.

There are for sure books, not the ai.. man... We are doomed
  8. @NatalieLeBleu: Finally someone’s that’s not “I eat this protein bar for breakfast” and go eat pasta and chicken and halo cream
  9. @lindabish8110: Wth do we have to go by grams when we are in the USA.  What does a gram or more of meat look like. The US goes by ounces. I hate the metric system.
  10. @ShizukaSummer: Are there any vegan lean protein options?
  11. @abigailgarcia4655: So bloated right now. Ready to change my lifestyle tomorrow morning
  12. @dougking2275: Thank you  😃
  13. @kylemoore907: Fuck yes, love this!
  14. @Moldawian: So if im a guy, it wouldn't be for me ?
  15. @alyssasimon3940: what to do for protein if you are a vegetarian?
  16. @smairafazil6390: I dont think you mentioned what you cooked the eggs/mushrooms/turkey in - as next macro you mentioned importance of was healthy fat - please include
  17. @observer8838: Turkey bacon is a highly processed food an unhealthy protein source.
  18. @leahb413: Thank you 🙏
  19. @Mmkey65: Why do you not use the yolk, I thought it was the healthiest part
  20. @bayberae95: Had me until Chat GPT 🫩

- How to Eat to Lose Fat (For Women Over 40) Without Counting or Fasting: Kind: captions Language: en We're going to pop these into the oven for 40 minutes at 350. If weight loss is your ultimate goal, but you are not seeing the changes that you want, chances are it's not your workouts we need to adjust, it's going to be your food. In this video, I'm going to walk you through the three major changes that I made to lose 70 lbs in 6 months without tracking and now have women all over the world over 40 do the exact same thing. Let's get into it. So, the first thing that I did was when I was going to make a meal, whether it was meal prep or a fresh meal, I decided what protein source I was going to have in that meal. I mean, high protein source. So, not just like peanut butter or something like that. I made sure to build my meals around a high protein source. And I'll show what I mean about high protein in a second. Now, protein is the one macronutrient that your body will pretty much always find a use for. whether it is your nails, your skin, your hair, antibodies, it costs your body something to actually digest protein. So, it causes your body to burn calories when you actually eat protein. That's why it's a great thing to always make sure that you are creating in your meals. And when you're losing weight, you're not just losing fat, you're losing muscle, too. So, when you're eating protein, it's going to do a better job at preserving some of your muscle mass, which is what you want to keep your weight off long term. Okay, so this is the test that I use to determine whether I should categorize an item as a high protein source. All right, let's start with peanut butter, which I'm sure you've heard was a good source of protein. So, I'm going to first I'm going to cover up the last digit of the calories. Okay, so I've got the number 18. Now, I'm going to compare 18 to the number of protein, which the number of protein on here is nine. So again, I'm comparing 18 to 9. If the protein is higher than the calories, then it is a high protein item. If it's not, I don't consider a high protein item. So 18 is not higher than nine. So I do not consider um peanut butter a high protein item. It has protein in it and it may contribute to my overall protein in the meal, but I don't build my meal around this. This is a two good Greek yogurt. Same thing. Turn it over to the back. I'm going to cover up the last digit of the calories and I've got eight. Okay, so that would be eight. Comparing that eight to the number of protein, which is 12. 12 is bigger than eight. So, yes, I would consider this something I can actually build my meal around. It is a high protein source for me. I've got these um Italian chicken sausages from Trader Joe's. Same thing. I'm going to cover up that last digit, which is the zero. Now I've got 11, and I'm comparing that to 17. 17 is bigger than 11. So, this is a high protein source for me. And I can build my meal around this. As a good kind of guideline, if weight loss is your goal, you want to aim for about 25 to 40 g of protein in each of the meals. Okay, so now we are going to make my high protein breakfast bake. This is one of my go-to meal prepped breakfastes that I still eat today. Loaded with protein, it tastes so good even when you are reheating it. We're going to start by air frying these chicken breakfast sausage from Trader Joe's at 400° for 5 minutes on each [Music] side. Adding in our mushrooms. Now, you want to make sure that you thoroughly spray down your meal prep containers with your avocado cooking spray because if you don't, these are going to stick so bad and it just really ruins the whole experience. So, make sure to spray these bad boys back down. And I will say this is zero calories per spray. So, spray away, baby. Spray away. We're just going to pour that right in there. So, we're doing three eggs and two tablespoon of cottage cheese. The cottage cheese is going to add an additional 3.5 g of protein to each. And of course, we're using three eggs. Our eggs are each 6 g of protein. So, the eggs and the cottage cheese alone have got 21.5 g of protein, which is getting us close to that 25 to 40 g of protein for each meal. Now, we're going to add in a half a cup of our veggies. I'm going to add in some green onion. So now we're going to add two to two and 1/2 chicken sausage to each of these. Now we're just going to make sure that this is all nice and combined in there. So those chicken sausages bumped up our protein a little bit. Two links have an additional 11 g of protein. And now we're just going to add on some mozzarella cheese, some light mozzarella cheese onto the top of each of these bad boys. You're going to end up using about a slice and a half, but this is going to bump up your protein by an additional 7 to 10 g in each. We're going to pop these into the oven for 40 minutes at 350. Now, we are going to add a little bit of plain Greek yogurt onto this. If you did not know, it tastes just like sour cream, but it's also going to add a little bit more protein into that breakfast. And of course, you've got to have some Frank's Red Hots. This is the breakfast of champions. You're going to be full for hours and so satisfied. Look at that. M. Now, the second thing that I did was I started measuring my fats. What do I mean by that? Well, there are some things that are very, very healthy, like nuts. They're a healthy snack. But if you were to eat one cup of nuts, it's like 700 calories. In fact, I got a funny story about that. My mom used to go to bed every single night with a bag of dry roasted unsalted almonds, and she would snack on them as she was going to sleep. And so over time, she started to gain weight and didn't understand why she was gaining weight. And I told her, "It's those almonds." She's like, "No, almonds are healthy. It's some almonds." No, it can't be those almonds. I'm only having a couple, baby. She was eating hundreds of calories of almonds before she went to bed. Even though it's healthy, it is something that can definitely cause weight gain. So, when it came to my fats, I always started to look at what is the serving size on the label and make sure that I am not overdoing it with the fats. Now, this is one cup of mixed nuts. We're looking at 680 calories for this one cup. Now, this looks like a lot of nuts, but let's actually see what else could we get for 680 calories. So, we could get five cans of tuna. We could get a pack and a half of these delicious chicken meatballs from Trader Joe's. But here's the kicker. We could get eight and a half Greek yogurts for the same amount of calories in this one cup of mixed nuts. So, yes, this is a healthy snack. This is a healthy fat, but you want to be cognizant about how much you're having because there are other options that are going to give you a lot more bang for your caloric buck. And although I don't track or count calories, knowing that fats have double the amount of calories as a gram of carb or protein puts things in perspective. Like legit, if you were to have one gram of protein or one gram of carbohydrates, you are getting four calories. But if you were to have one gram of fat, you are getting nine. So how much more food could I eat for that same amount of calories? That's one of the things that's going to change the game when it comes to you actually losing weight. Now, the third thing that I did was reframe how and when I use carbs. I don't consider myself a low carb person. I eat carbs because I understand that carbohydrates are my body's preferred energy source. When you eat carbs, your body breaks them down into glucose or blood sugar. So, I know that if I'm going to be doing a big hefty workout, I got a busy day, I'm going to need more carbs and more blood sugar to give me the energy that I need. Conversely, on days that I'm going to be hanging out at the house, you know, maybe I'm going to church, I'm going to be watching TV, I don't need as many carbohydrates. So, really keeping that in mind when it comes to how and when I'm going to eat carbs was a game changer for me. So, I'm going to show you how I approach meal prepping in light of knowing there are some days I'm going to need more energy and more carbohydrates and some days I am not going to need as many. Half a tablespoon of olive oil. Our stir fry veggies. These are raw, washed, and ready to go, which makes it awesome. So, this is broccoli, napa cabbage, pea pods. Adding in one onion, and one bag of those little baby carrots. We are using two packages of these pineapple teriyaki chicken meatballs from Trader Joe's. So, just getting a little color on these and then we're going to plate everything up. So, we're going to put cauliflower rice in two of the meals and regular brown rice in the other two. Adding in our veggies. And now we've got our meatballs. And then we're just going to add in our sauce, which we will pour over before we eat. So, I would have this one with the brown rice on one of my high carb days and I would have one of these one with the cauliflower rice and I don't need as many carbs. So, you don't need to avoid carbs, but kind of think of carbs as gas in the gas tank. Days when you're going to be going on a road trip, we want to fully fuel that gas tank. On days when you are going to be, you know, maybe just doing around the corner, you're going to the grocery store, you don't need as much. Now remember, when you eat carbs, your body breaks them down into glucose or blood sugar. And ideally, you want to keep your blood sugar as stable as possible. So, by eating foods that are higher in fiber, the chances of the blood sugar staying stable, baby, you're in good shape because that fiber is like a buffer that's going to prohibit the sugar blood sugar from spiking up really, really high. I also am looking at the amount of sugar that I'm having. So, I'm going to do my best at things that are high in fiber, low in sugar, and as close to nature as possible. Now, the last thing I want to just remind you is you don't got to be perfect in order to lose weight. In fact, if you are focused on just like eating salads for every single meal and chicken and broccoli and eggs, yes, you're going to lose weight, but the chances of you regaining the weight are very high. I lost 70 lbs in 6 months, but I've kept it off for 17 years because I made sure that what I was actually eating was food that I enjoy. Number one, I start with protein. I'm intentional with my fat. And then I am really kind of always gauging how much carbs I'm going to based off my activity level. Those three things alone have allowed me not just to lose the weight, but to keep it off through holidays, birthdays, vacations, and never really feel miserable. So, for long-term weight loss, my best advice is to find ways to make meals that you already love and really enjoy healthier so that you are never really feeling deprived or waiting for the next time that you can have a cheat meal, but instead you are looking forward to your lunch because it's something that you actually enjoy. If you want more support doing this, click the link in the description box and get more information on my six week challenge. We're personally working together for six weeks and I'm going to teach you the sustainable lifestyle changes that help me to again not just lose the weight but keep it off and feel like I'm living my best life and I don't track anything. It is so freeing. And don't forget to like, share, and subscribe to this channel for kick butt workouts and more videos on how to lose weight without obsessing over every bite. All right, we're going to let these cool.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasmineMays [62 likes]: 🔥 Ready to glow all the way up? 🔥
Join me for the FREE Oh, She’s Fire Challenge — 5 days of workouts, coaching, and confidence to help you look and feel your BEST this summer! 💅🏽💖

🗓️ June 2–7, 2025
🎥 Daily live coaching
💪🏾 Daily workouts
💃🏽 Feminine self-care + glow-up vibes
👯‍♀️ Support + accountability

✨ This is your sign to start showing up like the woman you want to be.

👉 Sign up here (it's FREE!): https://www.jasminemays.fit/osf

Let’s go, Fire Queen 🔥
  2. @sherryamanfor [10 likes]: Once I lost 55 pounds I noticed my energy came back! On high protein diet and exercise three times a week. Now I'm at 154 have about 20 pounds to lose
  3. @peonygirly [3 likes]: As a 46 year old woman, this video is super helpful! I'm a foodie and I hate "diet" food. These meals actually look good. Thanks!
  4. @m.j.7028 [1 likes]: Yesssss! I make egg cups on meal prep day and they have helped a lot to stay of track. Having something ready to go is much better than being in panic mode and spending money on most likely junk.
  5. @miab2965 [1 likes]: Can we get more of these meal prep videos pleaseeeeee
  6. @candiceeckelberry7524 [1 likes]: I gave up. Lose weight gain it back. Now my job is at a desk. Thank you for the tips. It’s time to try again. For health sake,
  7. @marshak6459: just say you eat keto and dont eat carbs stop saying eating your favourite foods please you gave up a whole food source and while thats sustainable for you its not something i cant stick to in the long run
  8. @Honeedew1LUV: Thank you for keeping this simple!!❤ I will follow these instructions. I am 10lbs down using plant based eating & exercising..l hv 5 more lbs to go for my goal weight  ugh!! and l will keep it off!!
  9. @Matty-Navarro: These are great tips! I need to lose those extra pounds I gained in my 40s.
  10. @Emily-hn5ee: I would caution everyone to be weary of the zero calorie spray as it’s a labeling trick where they can say it’s zero if it’s below a certain amount but it is not zero.
  11. @pattyjohnson4244: Jasmine I have a question did I really need an answer to I work at night how do I get that much protein in in 12 hours I really need an answer to that no one has been able to help me really I don't do breakfast cuz I'm going to sleep when I get up at 5:00 p.m. to be to work at 7 p.m. I'm not hungry with intermittent fasting 6A to 10 p.m. that's a lot of eating at night to hit my protein goals HELP
  12. @1Diostabon: Thank you for this information. Can you please share info on your meal prep containers (rectangle and round)?
  13. @ERICSR-ni7rg: Hi y'all, I know this platform is built for ladies. But Jasmine, somehow you popped up on my Facebook feed and your meal plans are so simple. I'm 350 lbs. & my BMI is over 40%. That said, I think I'm going to follow. I don't have Instagram but is that where most of your recipe cards live? Thank you in advance.
  14. @rnguyen2516: Wow, Jasmine, this video is chock full
of such great information!  How come I have never thought to air fry sausage?  How do you reheat the egg bake?  The cottage cheese makes the egg mixture so fluffy!  That’s Starbucks’ secret!
  15. @vernalachance6809: Love all your info and explained so well 🙏
  16. @JesusAlways1st: First timer here and enjoying the videos!!  To start out, I might need to track just to be sure I am not eating too little of something.! It’s so easy for me to over and under indulge, skip meals!  But I can incorporate your other ways of doing things!
  17. @kimberlykelly6110: Wowww,  this is great information.
  18. @lauranewsom5361: Just saw your video on YouTube. Love it.  Interested in your recipes, so could you please post meal cards  on YouTube.  This is the only social media site I use.  Thanks, would greatly appreciated
  19. @margoafteritall: im in my 20’s but subscribed because the way this beautiful lady explains just makes so much sense! thank you this was so much more helpful and informative than other videos i watched about eating for weight loss
  20. @abcjerilee: 👍👍👍👍👍

- Keto for Women: Insights on Hormones, PCOS, Menopause, and more from the SHE IS Lab with Dr. Kackley: Kind: captions Language: en-US <b>But really</b> <b>those who have tried it even from not</b> <b>being in our studies just</b> <b>kind of get under listing to us</b> <b>talk on our pedestal, they do come back</b> <b>and say that that was the best diet</b> <b>they've ever had and</b> <b>best lifestyle change that they've had</b> <b>and they feel so much</b> <b>better especially women in either</b> <b>perimenopause or menopause.</b> <b>Dr. Madison Kackley, a research scientist</b> <b>at The Ohio State University,</b> <b> is specifically studying </b> <b>ketogenic interventions in women.</b> <b>Why?</b> <b>Well, because women aren't the same as</b> <b>everybody else, right?</b> <b>They're not the same as men.</b> <b>We shouldn't expect that whatever</b> <b>intervention we have for men</b> <b>is going to work for women.</b> <b>There are different hormones,</b> <b> different cycle changes.</b> <b>So she and her lab at the, </b> <b>SHE IS Labs at Ohio State </b> <b>are specifically studying </b> <b>what is unique about</b> <b> women and what can we learn from</b> <b>that and what does that</b> <b>change in terms of using</b> <b>ketogenic interventions.</b> <b>So here's the interview with Madison Kackley!</b> <b>Welcome to Metabolic</b> <b>Mind, a nonprofit initiative</b> <b>of Baszuck Group,</b> <b>transforming the study and treatment</b> <b>of mental disorders by</b> <b>exploring the connection</b> <b>between metabolism and brain health.</b> <b>Thank you for joining us on this journey.</b> <b>All right, well, Dr. Madison Kackley,</b> <b>thank you so much for</b> <b>joining me today at Metabolic Mind.</b> <b>Bret, thanks for having me.</b> <b>Excited to be here!</b> <b>Yeah, yeah, it's my</b> <b>pleasure to have you here.</b> <b>And as we were talking offline, you know, we just, </b> <b>we don't talk enough about ketosis</b> <b>in women and what's different about it</b> <b>and what we need to consider.</b> <b>And I think that's what's a great thing</b> <b>that we can talk about here today.</b> <b>But first, tell us a little bit about you</b> <b>and tell us what the</b> <b>SHE IS Labs is, and why we're here.</b> <b>Yeah, absolutely.</b> <b>So I have, I think everybody on this</b> <b>channel can, is a fan, but</b> <b>I have worked very closely</b> <b>with Dr. Jeff Volek for, I think we're</b> <b>going on eight years now.</b> <b>And I was actually his grad students and</b> <b>one of his grad students</b> <b>and then a research scientist now.</b> <b>And one of the studies that we did pre-COVID</b> <b>was a weight loss study where we worked with Metagenet.</b> <b>They were a ketone supplement company, a</b> <b>pharmaceutical ketone supplement company,</b> <b>and they used ketone salts</b> <b>So it was a weight loss study and we had,</b> <b>I would think, seven</b> <b>papers out of that now</b> <b>and still, some still pending.</b> <b>But one of the interesting facts that we had,</b> <b>it was just an anecdotal question for the</b> <b>women who were in the study, did your</b> <b>did your menstrual cycle change?</b> <b>So after getting five of these</b> <b>publications out, I was</b> <b>interested just to see as we're</b> <b>going through the survey questions that</b> <b>so many of these women</b> <b>actually had a menstrual cycle change.</b> <b>There was a few of them that actually</b> <b>hadn't had a cycle in</b> <b>almost over a year and they</b> <b>were pretty perturbed about it, although</b> <b>we are now seeing how healthy that is.</b> <b>They were pretty perturbed about it, but they were, </b> <b>they're very confused and that was actually</b> <b>pretty insightful for us.</b> <b>It wasn't something that we were</b> <b>originally looking into.</b> <b>Again, it's just kind of one of the run</b> <b>of the mill questions</b> <b>that we asked in terms of</b> <b>how the diet is going.</b> <b>And so then we decided to do a little bit</b> <b>of background of just</b> <b>looking at the limit.</b> <b>When we saw that there was a significant</b> <b>change in the women</b> <b>who were on the ketogenic</b> <b>diets versus the low fat</b> <b>diet, everybody was hypochloric.</b> <b>So everybody lost weight.</b> <b>And essentially when somebody gains their</b> <b>men's back, we're going</b> <b>to usually attribute it to weight loss.</b> <b>But we had three different groups and</b> <b>only the ketogenic diet</b> <b>groups were the only ones</b> <b>to see the menstrual change.</b> <b>So when that happened, like</b> <b>there has to be more of this.</b> <b>I also have a personal background, </b> <b>my sister has PCOS and so</b> <b>trying to look into things</b> <b>that were useful for her.</b> <b>The background obviously shows there's so</b> <b>much targeted towards</b> <b>or influenced by insulin</b> <b>sensitivity and insulin resistance.</b> <b>And so this this challenge just to find</b> <b>all of the science that</b> <b>we had done before but</b> <b>targeted towards women, we really needed</b> <b>to step up our game.</b> <b>So even though we've scratched the</b> <b>surface on quite a bit of ketogenic interventions,</b> <b>women derivatives,</b> <b>that's pretty new to the game.</b> <b>So the SHE IS Lab essentially started.</b> <b>One of our first studies was not looking</b> <b>necessarily at ketogenic interventions, </b> <b>but just finding trackers essentially that</b> <b>would follow women over</b> <b>their cycle and which ones</b> <b>were the most applicable to different hormones.</b> <b>And that would give us the basically the</b> <b>consensus of which</b> <b>noninvasive tracker we would</b> <b>use. It would be great to do studies on</b> <b>women and bring them in</b> <b>for blood draws every single</b> <b>time. But we know that that can be a</b> <b>little a little</b> <b>aggressive for women who are just</b> <b>trying to find answers.</b> <b>So we started with the nonintervention</b> <b>study and now we're</b> <b>opening up to all of our</b> <b>interventions now that we've used so many</b> <b>cycle trackers to kind</b> <b>of pinpoint which ones</b> <b>would be the most useful.</b> <b>Yeah. And I'm so glad you mentioned Dr. Jeff Volek. </b> <b>We're a big fan of his ??</b> <b>We've had him on the channel a number of</b> <b>times and he's doing</b> <b>his research study at </b> <b>Ohio State on ketogenic interventions for</b> <b>college age students with depression.</b> <b>So you can see how when you're dealing</b> <b>with a population that has</b> <b>their menses on a regular</b> <b>basis, you can't just treat</b> <b>the men and the women the same.</b> <b>You have to treat them differently</b> <b>depending on on what's</b> <b>happening in their cycle.</b> <b>So I'm curious to ask him when I get to</b> <b>talk to him more about</b> <b>that study if he saw a</b> <b>difference. But I'm sure, you know, that</b> <b>speaks to exactly what you are doing.</b> <b>And so you're talking about how women can</b> <b>regain their cycle,</b> <b>but also how everything else </b> <b>is impacting their health, how</b> <b>the ketogenic diet</b> <b>impacts your health in so</b> <b>many other ways, depending on</b> <b>where they are in their cycle.</b> <b>So have you seen</b> <b>changes with that as well?</b> <b>I know maybe you haven't studied it specifically,</b> <b> but sort of anecdotally,</b> <b>have you seen changes</b> <b>about how it impacts</b> <b>people in other ways?</b> <b>Yeah, actually, because of that finding,</b> <b>it started with the menses because</b> <b>it's the most obvious</b> <b>and most potent change, right?</b> <b>But then we have branched out to</b> <b>specific studies in postpartum depression, </b> <b>just looking at mental health in general and women</b> <b>that across across the phases,</b> <b>even in the study that we're that we're looking at now that</b> <b>doesn't actually have a</b> <b>intervention associated with it. </b> <b>We do take surveys during each</b> <b>phase of their of their cycle.</b> <b>So we have found quite a few interesting</b> <b>markers that have popped up.</b> <b>And again, the you know, we've just</b> <b>started these studies the last two years.</b> <b>So we don't have necessarily enough to</b> <b>validate anything, but</b> <b>that's essentially why we're</b> <b>doing it. These studies are ongoing.</b> <b>So we have a study that is in postpartum</b> <b>depression, a study</b> <b>looking into perimenopause,</b> <b>a obviously the study looking into PCOS,</b> <b>or also looking at the</b> <b>correlation between polycystic</b> <b>kidney disease and PCOS, because women</b> <b>who have polycystic</b> <b>kidney disease tend to have</b> <b>quite a bit of hormonal</b> <b>issues, hormonal imbalances.</b> <b>And honestly, their physicians and we're</b> <b>working one, she's very</b> <b>lovely, Reema Kang, who is</b> <b>actually seeing these things, but they</b> <b>aren't getting noticed by other physicians.</b> <b>So essentially, we're utilizing this she</b> <b>is laboratory to kind of</b> <b>add this insight and add</b> <b>this perspective to their their typical</b> <b>care or what would be standard of care.</b> <b>Yeah, I think that's fantastic. I love</b> <b>how you're expanding and</b> <b>studying so many different aspects</b> <b>of how how this makes a difference and</b> <b>how we have to think of it differently.</b> <b>Now, to go back to the menstrual cycle</b> <b>for a second, though, so I</b> <b>think we can we can look at</b> <b>this in two different ways, right? If</b> <b>somebody has obesity or has PCOS, </b> <b>and they have irregular menses, </b> <b>and then they go on a ketogenic diet,</b> <b>we often hear and</b> <b>there are studies showing that</b> <b>they can improve their menstrual cycle or</b> <b>resume their menstrual cycle.</b> <b> But on the other hand,</b> <b>if somebody we hear these reports all the</b> <b>time in social media or</b> <b>whatever keto rect my hormones,</b> <b>and, you know, keto destroyed my</b> <b>menstrual cycle and erect my hormones. So</b> <b>I think we've heard it</b> <b>from both sides of the equation. So I'm</b> <b>curious how you sort of</b> <b>make sense of that, that one</b> <b>intervention has been reported to have,</b> <b>you know, differing results, basically?</b> <b>Well, it's going to be very dependent on</b> <b>when they're actually</b> <b>checking their hormones as well.</b> <b>And that's why women's research is so</b> <b>hard. One of the studies</b> <b>that we have has been coming in</b> <b>every every week for their phase, because</b> <b>what hormones that you</b> <b>see in your follicular phase</b> <b>are going to be different than what</b> <b>you're seeing in your</b> <b>luteal phase and vice versa.</b> <b>And so if there is an ebb and a flow to their</b> <b>their hormones, and they're saying that the</b> <b>intervention itself is wrecking it,</b> <b>they may not actually be</b> <b>hitting it at the correct time,</b> <b>we're checking it at the correct time.</b> <b>This is where we look at we</b> <b>don't just look at the hormone</b> <b>panel, but we'll have metabolic lipid</b> <b>panels as well, which typically is a</b> <b>typical routine in our</b> <b>lab to measure those. So we're kind of</b> <b>looking at the full picture where we</b> <b>don't want to be have</b> <b>reductionist view of the menstrual cycle,</b> <b>because it is so complex,</b> <b>and it is very hard to follow.</b> <b>So ideally, and I think that's why these</b> <b>studies are going so slow</b> <b>is because we have to put all</b> <b>of the information in at once. But for</b> <b>the naysayers, essentially, especially</b> <b>since I have, you know,</b> <b>been a mentee of Jeff Olick's for so long,</b> <b> I know what it takes</b> <b>to have a very well formulated</b> <b>ketogenic diet. If you're following the</b> <b>ad of the keto diet that is online,</b> <b>finding Google and not necessarily looking at, </b> <b>at the specialist in the area,</b> <b>then you're going to have some not great</b> <b>information in regards to a ketogenic</b> <b>diet, they're not going to</b> <b>pay attention to micronutrients,</b> <b>not going to pay attention to minerals</b> <b>and all of these other</b> <b>things that may have be a</b> <b>cause for why they're seeing this</b> <b>random change in their</b> <b>hormones. So what we do at our lab,</b> <b>it's very individualized. I think Jeff</b> <b>had said this, when they</b> <b>were when he was talking with</b> <b>you about the the kind study, but it's</b> <b>very individualized. We</b> <b>have dieticians on deck,</b> <b>specifically, Taryn Bedell, who has been</b> <b>wonderful. She obviously works integrated</b> <b>into the SHE IS Lab</b> <b>but has been Jeff's main research</b> <b>dietician for 10 years, I think she's</b> <b>going on. She's very</b> <b>meticulous about what we're looking for.</b> <b>If we see a plummet in</b> <b>ketones, or if we see that somebody</b> <b>isn't feeling well with PHQ nine, we're</b> <b>going to check in and see</b> <b>what they've been eating for the</b> <b>last couple of days so we can kind of</b> <b>prioritize what nutrients</b> <b>they would be needing or they're</b> <b>missing. Sometimes it's just sleep. And</b> <b>especially in regards to</b> <b>mental health, you know, you have</b> <b>too much stress in your life that throws</b> <b>off your your cycle as well.</b> <b>So are they, you know, starting</b> <b>an intervention at a time that's probably</b> <b>the inopportune to see regulated hormones?</b> <b>There's a whole bunch of things that go into play.</b> <b>Yeah, that's such an important perspective, </b> <b>because the intervention might be the ketogenic diet.</b> <b>But first, as you're, as</b> <b>you referenced, there's not</b> <b>just one ketogenic diet. </b> <b>So as as Dr. Volek says,</b> <b>a well formulated ketogenic diet,</b> <b>because are they getting enough calories? Are they getting</b> <b>enough fat? And like you said, the</b> <b>micronutrients, so they</b> <b>get enough micronutrients, any of those</b> <b>factors could impact menses</b> <b>and hormones and how you're</b> <b>sleeping and how you're feeling, all</b> <b>those get rolled into it. So</b> <b>it might not be the state of</b> <b>ketosis. But interestingly, when we talk</b> <b>about, you know,</b> <b>interventions for mental health, it</b> <b>appears the key is, you know, what are</b> <b>the ketones? How high can you get the</b> <b>ketones? Can you get them</b> <b>in that two range, you know, emerging</b> <b>evidence is coming out, but that's sort</b> <b>of where the direction</b> <b>seems to be. But we can't ignore all the</b> <b>other factors of the well formulated</b> <b>diet, the micronutrients,</b> <b>getting enough calories and what else is</b> <b>going on with your life.</b> <b>So do you try to control for</b> <b>those things? Like you? Do you advise</b> <b>people about sleep hygiene</b> <b>and about physical activity</b> <b>and about, you know, the type of foods to</b> <b>eat, you get to that level</b> <b>of discussion when you're</b> <b>teaching them in the beginning about a</b> <b>ketogenic diet? </b> <b>Yeah, their dietary consult in the beginning</b> <b>of each of our dietary interventions, </b> <b>and we'll talk about</b> <b>supplements here in a second, because</b> <b>we've been kind of brushing into that as well.</b> <b>But their dietary consults are about an hour to</b> <b>an hour and a half long, just due to the</b> <b>intricacies and what we</b> <b>walk through with them.</b> <b>We have tried adapting this providing</b> <b>them with food for the first</b> <b>two weeks before we actually</b> <b>let them free reign and figure out the diet,</b> <b>essentially on their own, but with lots of education. </b> <b>And there are so many barriers</b> <b>out in out in the world,</b> <b>essentially, that are that can</b> <b>pseudo villainize the ketogenic diet. And</b> <b>so they need that support</b> <b>system from us as well. </b> <b>So it's it's a continual conversation back and forth. </b> <b>We had a participant once who had</b> <b>familial issues on a</b> <b>somebody who had read something online</b> <b>that said that keto was bad</b> <b>for them. And so they were</b> <b>concerned about the diet and basically</b> <b>talking them off of that cliff was</b> <b>actually pretty easy.</b> <b>It was very, very person who was very</b> <b>excited about the diet. But</b> <b>that's that'll, this won't stop.</b> <b> This will be a continual battle</b> <b>until we basically change</b> <b>some of these dietary guidelines</b> <b>and get some of this information out there.</b> <b> I did want to lose the supplements, though.</b> <b>And for those who maybe aren't interested or</b> <b>don't have the capacity to</b> <b>change into a ketogenic diet</b> <b>specifically, we have for more of the</b> <b>signaling mechanisms, we have kind of</b> <b>moved over also into</b> <b>some of our studies utilizing ketone</b> <b>esters or a ketone salt. And essentially,</b> <b>like that postpartum</b> <b>depression study that I was mentioning</b> <b>earlier, you don't really</b> <b>want to change a diet on a woman</b> <b>who's breastfeeding or lactating after</b> <b>she's just, you know, given birth,</b> <b>essentially, some of them</b> <b>are interested in it. Like I stayed low</b> <b>carb keto during my</b> <b>pregnancy, but some of them are not.</b> <b>And so utilizing supplementation like</b> <b>that just for the signaling effects of</b> <b>the ketones that are</b> <b>so very needed are even most applicable.</b> <b>Yeah, that's a great point</b> <b> that they the ketones</b> <b>themselves, it's like a two way street,</b> <b>you can have the metabolic</b> <b>benefits and the nutrition</b> <b>changing your nutrition, but also the</b> <b>ketones themselves as individual</b> <b>signalers, like you said,</b> <b>so it's, we're learning so much</b> <b>about that, like, what does the diet do?</b> <b>What is the metabolic</b> <b>changes do? And what do the ketones</b> <b>themselves do? So I'm glad to hear that</b> <b>you're doing that research.</b> <b>Before we continue,</b> <b>I want to take a brief moment to let our</b> <b>practitioners know about a</b> <b>couple of fantastic free CME courses </b> <b>developed in partnership with Bazucki Group </b> <b>by Dr. Georgia Ede and Dr. Chris Palmer.</b> <b>Both of these free CME sessions </b> <b>provide excellent insight on</b> <b>incorporating metabolic therapies</b> <b>for mental illness into your practice.</b> <b>They are approved for AMA category 1 credits,</b> <b> CNE nursing credit hours, </b> <b>and continuing education credits for psychologists,</b> <b>and they're completely free of charge </b> <b>on myCME.com.</b> <b>There's a link in the description.</b> <b>I highly recommend</b> <b>you check them both out.</b> <b>Now, back to the video!</b> <b>But now you've also done some research on BDNF, </b> <b>which I thought was</b> <b>really interesting Brain Derived,</b> <b> Brain Derived Neuro Traffic,</b> <b>Neurotropic Factor, I can do this!</b> <b>Brain Derived Neurotropic Factor,</b> <b>which is fascinating, because</b> <b>when we start talking about mental</b> <b>health, when we start</b> <b>talking about cognitive function, any</b> <b>brain based functioning, it's pretty</b> <b>important factor. So what</b> <b>have you found with BDNF and ketogenic interventions?</b> <b>The time at which we're looking at BDNF,</b> <b>and the interventions that we've done. So</b> <b>this is actually my</b> <b>dissertation study. And I took three</b> <b>different studies. One of them was a long</b> <b>term ketogenic diet with resistance training. </b> <b>Next was an acute supplement study with a</b> <b>quick physical performance,</b> <b>albeit aggressive physical performance. </b> <b>The other was the weight loss study.</b> <b> So we saw in the </b> <b>weight loss study, which was</b> <b>really interesting that BDNF actually</b> <b>dropped from baseline. But</b> <b>the concern with that is,</b> <b>and maybe not concerned, but the</b> <b>interesting fact of that</b> <b>would be BDNF almost acts or</b> <b>essentially the central nervous system</b> <b>wants to counteract when you're insulin resistant,</b> <b> when the metabolic cycle isn't</b> <b>doing exactly what it's</b> <b>supposed to do, your body tries</b> <b>to reprogram and say, "Hey, let me help you out!"</b> <b>And so essentially,</b> <b>that's where we're assuming</b> <b>that spike in BDNF came because it</b> <b>actually dropped after the</b> <b>diet and after people lost weight.</b> <b>So it was kind of a shock for a minute,</b> <b>we looked at it, we're like,</b> <b>"Oh, did we just decrease brain plasticity? </b> <b>Or what are we actually looking at here?"</b> <b>But then in another study, we saw that</b> <b>BDNF had an increase with ketone</b> <b>supplementation and exercise. </b> <b>So it all depends on where that</b> <b>person started, essentially, and</b> <b>basically what stage of, </b> <b>"Oh no, we have to fix ourselves," is the body in.</b> <b> But in all of the, we</b> <b>haven't published this data</b> <b>yet. But some of the current</b> <b>studies that we have going on are pilot,</b> <b>our pilot evidence of</b> <b>BDNF is that utilizing the</b> <b>ketogenic interventions have helped</b> <b>increase, especially in more</b> <b>of a mental health population,</b> <b>whether it be the kind study or PPD.</b> <b> Yeah, I think that's such an interesting</b> <b>perspective that it's not so just basic</b> <b>as up is good, down is bad.</b> <b>It depends on what baseline</b> <b>you started with and why. And so I think</b> <b>that that's a really</b> <b>interesting perspective and</b> <b>interesting finding. </b> <b>All right, so let's get back to physical activity</b> <b>because you brought that up.</b> <b>So you know, you are a </b> <b>certified strength conditioning coach.</b> <b>And so physical activity</b> <b>is really important to you. So what do</b> <b>you find when you're</b> <b>working with women with ketogenic</b> <b>interventions? Does their ability to</b> <b>exercise change in any way</b> <b>when they're in ketosis? And</b> <b>does it change during their cycle that</b> <b>they have to be aware of?</b> <b>It's not that their ability to</b> <b>exercise changes, but their immediate</b> <b>needs for recovery tend to be</b> <b>the things that ebb and flow.</b> <b>So the caloric need at the end of it in</b> <b>somebody who is high carb is</b> <b>going to be a little bit more</b> <b>than somebody who's in ketosis. </b> <b>Ketosis have seen that they can go</b> <b>a little bit longer without</b> <b>needing food or something along the lines of,</b> <b>but those who are trying to keep their,</b> <b>muscle mass, essentially, they're going</b> <b>to basically almost force</b> <b>themselves to eat a protein,</b> <b>but their body is so used to kind of</b> <b>making that energy without food,</b> <b>essentially, because they've switched into a</b> <b> lipolytic system that</b> <b>they're trying to kind of</b> <b>meander through those waters.</b> <b>I don't necessarily train people</b> <b>differently if they're in a certain diet</b> <b>and they will follow</b> <b>that effect in regards to their phase. So</b> <b>some people are more</b> <b>affected by their luteal phase</b> <b>and want more carbs than others. And</b> <b>actually there is</b> <b>relatively minimal, but there's an</b> <b>increase in basal metabolic rate during</b> <b>your luteal phase. So you might be able</b> <b>to have a little bit</b> <b>more carbs and still saying ketosis on</b> <b>that time too. So you're going</b> <b>to want to change essentially</b> <b>your performance in regards to that,</b> <b>maybe a little bit more</b> <b>explosive because you want</b> <b>that readily available carbs in to get</b> <b>rid of it because you're</b> <b>trying to stay in ketosis.</b> <b>There's also body water composition as well. </b> <b>I would say that women that are in ketosis</b> <b>ebb and flow on holding water less than</b> <b>somebody who is on a higher carb diet.</b> <b>That's to be expected essentially. But other than that,</b> <b>if they are holding a little bit more water,</b> <b>we'll probably transition away from the</b> <b>intensity plyometric exercises</b> <b> because we want the form to be correct.</b> <b>We don't want to hurt any joints. </b> <b>We don't want any extra added risk. </b> <b>So that'll be about the only things that </b> <b>we essentially target changing.</b> <b>Otherwise it's very individual to the person.</b> <b>It's very individual to the athlete,</b> <b>the type of athlete, what</b> <b>they're used to doing.</b> <b>Yeah, that's so interesting that</b> <b>depending on the</b> <b>phase that someone is in,</b> <b>we dictate which exercises they can do</b> <b>better or maybe struggle with a little bit more.</b> <b>And I'm really interested in what you</b> <b>said about increasing carb</b> <b>intake during the luteal phase</b> <b>and still be able to stay in ketosis and</b> <b>that some women are just</b> <b>going to feel better that way and</b> <b>perform better. But now I want to put</b> <b>that into perspective. Is</b> <b>that applied to the woman who's</b> <b>trying to get 30 minutes of cardio in or</b> <b>the woman who's</b> <b>trying to do more extreme,</b> <b>intense training or everywhere in</b> <b>between? Like, does it, does it apply to</b> <b>both ends of the spectrum?</b> <b>It's dependent on the person. </b> <b>So unfortunately that's the</b> <b>worst part about a lot of </b> <b>the guidelines for things is because it</b> <b>should be so individualized</b> <b>and it really takes a full</b> <b>metabolic, comprehensive test, athletic test </b> <b>to be able to associate like </b> <b>what is the best for this athlete.</b> <b> But that is why being for</b> <b>somebody who wants to be in</b> <b>ketosis, the marker of adherence</b> <b>just being able to measure your ketones</b> <b>and seeing, okay, at this day</b> <b>I had this amount of ketones</b> <b>and I felt great or I didn't feel great</b> <b>and I added some carbs and</b> <b>I realized I felt worse or</b> <b>I felt better. </b> <b>Now when we say add carbs,</b> <b>it would be like maybe 10</b> <b>more grams of carbs for that day.</b> <b>So not essentially, here's your 100</b> <b>grams of carbs, eat a piece of bread,</b> <b> that would not work out very well.</b> <b> But so the study that</b> <b>we're running that is very, we look at</b> <b>basal metabolic rate</b> <b>throughout the phases, we look at water</b> <b>holding during the phases,</b> <b>we start with a DEXA so we can</b> <b>basically correlate what their changes</b> <b>are to that DEXA which is obviously our</b> <b>gold standard. We look</b> <b>at strength and component and fatigue ability. </b> <b>We actually put an EMG on the leg to see what the</b> <b>muscle activation is, obviously checking</b> <b>hydration in blood levels including metabolic, lipid and</b> <b>hormonal panels at the same time just to</b> <b>kind of get this full picture. </b> <b>So unfortunately it's going</b> <b>to be very, very particular, very</b> <b>individualized but I'm an advocate for</b> <b>try it out, see how it</b> <b>feels if you feel and be honest with yourself.</b> <b>If you feel better as you do that, great, work with that.</b> <b> If you don't, let's try going back</b> <b>to where we started essentially, </b> <b>but that's for athletes</b> <b>essentially who really know what they're doing in the gym.</b> <b>If we're looking at lay or general pop,</b> <b>we want to stick closer to the guidelines</b> <b>until they're more</b> <b>comfortable with their bodies to be</b> <b>able to deduce what feels better or when</b> <b>they have more energy. </b> <b>Yeah and I'm glad you brought up</b> <b> DEXA scans as well and body</b> <b>composition measurements because I think</b> <b>that is so important</b> <b>and I heard a podcast recently where they</b> <b>tried to normalize losing 40% of your</b> <b>weight from lean mass.</b> <b>So like, "Oh, is that big? You lose 40%</b> <b>from muscle?" That's</b> <b>okay, that's what studies show</b> <b>and they tried to normalize that and like</b> <b>my jaw hit the floor when</b> <b>I heard that and so what do</b> <b>you think about weight loss and fat mass</b> <b>versus lean mass and how</b> <b>do you try and target weight</b> <b>loss interventions? </b> <b>Yeah, we try very</b> <b>hard to explain that all</b> <b>weight loss isn't good, that we</b> <b>need to be very particular about what</b> <b>we're losing so this calories in,</b> <b>calories out, I don't really</b> <b>live by that. Obviously, we want to be</b> <b>very specific about how we're losing</b> <b>weight and why we're losing weight.</b> <b> In our SPARK study, the PCOS study,</b> <b> we're very closely monitoring</b> <b>their body composition so</b> <b>they actually get DEXAs pretty frequently</b> <b>every two weeks because we</b> <b>want to make sure that they're</b> <b>not losing the amount of lean mass that</b> <b>could be really detrimental to them</b> <b>especially since they</b> <b>already have insulin resistance and</b> <b>metabolic ailments in general and</b> <b>hormonal concerns. We</b> <b>don't want to add any more to that. </b> <b>Ketogenic diet especially for</b> <b>those who are trying to lose</b> <b>weight since it's so protein sparing,</b> <b>muscle sparing is so</b> <b>effective in that way but we have</b> <b>women who come in not even from our</b> <b>studies but just from the</b> <b>public looking for a DEXA scan</b> <b>because they're very interested in it and</b> <b>they've lost weight but they</b> <b>feel worse about their bodies.</b> <b>They've lost weight but they feel</b> <b>squishier and they feel weaker and</b> <b>unfortunately to get their</b> <b>doctors to prescribe a DEXA and insurance</b> <b>to pay for it, it's crazy</b> <b>expensive so they come to Ohio State</b> <b> essentially to get that scan and</b> <b>have us kind of talk through with them</b> <b>like what we should be</b> <b>looking for and obviously you know they</b> <b>ask for dietary</b> <b>recommendations most of the time and I</b> <b>always preface that we are the ketogenic</b> <b>diet lab so we're probably</b> <b>going to be biased but really</b> <b>perimenopause or menopause who they're</b> <b>almost they've the</b> <b>preventative care that's out there</b> <b>now or the preventative awareness that's</b> <b>out there now was not there when they</b> <b>felt that they could</b> <b>have used that preventative explanation,</b> <b>the diet explanations,</b> <b>the exercise prescriptions,</b> <b>they're like I feel like I'm at a loss</b> <b>I'm at the end of my my my</b> <b>game here and I'm just looking</b> <b>for something to pick me back up and so a</b> <b>lot of those women come into</b> <b>to our lab and and basically</b> <b>get very excited about the evidence that</b> <b>we have to offer. </b> <b>Yeah, so important yeah I'm glad that</b> <b>you're really focusing on the body</b> <b>composition and helping people lose</b> <b>weight in the healthiest manner possible, </b> <b>especially as as people</b> <b>age you know as we know</b> <b>strength bone health so important</b> <b>not just for metabolic health but but for</b> <b>frailty and for thriving as</b> <b>as we age so well I am thrilled</b> <b>to meet you and have this discussion and</b> <b>learn about what you're</b> <b>doing at the SHE IS Lab, at Ohio State,</b> <b>to focus on ketogenic interventions in women so we</b> <b>can learn so much more about it.</b> <b>So if someone wants to learn more about</b> <b>you and all your work where</b> <b>could you direct them to go?</b> <b>Yeah you can find us at u.osu.edu/sheislaboratory/</b> <b>We're also on instagram</b> <b>she is labs.osu we're also on twitter</b> <b>with the same exact tag name but</b> <b>otherwise we we filter all</b> <b>over the OSU website as well you can find</b> <b>the low carb OSU website</b> <b>between Jeff's lab has ours</b> <b>integrated in with it if you're</b> <b>interested in some of his stuff as well.</b> <b>Fantastic and you have so</b> <b>many studies going on so many irons in</b> <b>the fire right now we'll</b> <b>have to have you back when you,</b> <b>when these studies get published</b> <b>to hear about all the</b> <b>exciting work you've done so,</b> <b>thank you so much and keep up the great work!</b> <b> Thanks Bret, can't wait.</b>

  Top Comments:
  1. @tinymake55 [44 likes]: i was doing keto for months and still felt bloated and foggy. ran labs through 'vital test hub' and found my thyroid was low and androgens were elevated, made way more sense why pcos symptoms didn’t budge
  2. @dyaneharwood2023 [25 likes]: Two years ago I started a vegan ketogenic diet for bipolar disorder, and I had just entered perimenopause-I lost my perimenopausal weight, my hot flashes & night sweats disappeared & my mood/energy improved.  

I am honored that Metabolic Mind selected me for a Fresh Start Award so I could raise awareness that a well-formulated vegan ketogenic diet can be doable and life-changing for bipolar, perimenopause and menopause. Thank you for this insightful interview!
  3. @gratefulagoraphobe [5 likes]: When I started 2yrs ago, I noticed that my ketones dropped low around my period. But after a year of healing I was quite metabolicly flexible. If I knocked myself out of ketosis, I could be back innit again on carnivore in 2 ir 3 days. Now, at 44 and showing all signs of late perimenopause, it can take a week to get into ketosis. I can eat mostly fat, moderate protein, no carb for a 5 or 6 days before I'm showing  .6
  4. @susiewensley4881 [4 likes]: I love the nuance in this interview and how Dr K talks about all the other factors that could be throwing off seeing success via keto. You both mention a ‘well formulated keto diet’. Where can I get advice please as to how to do this? Books/youtube?
  5. @adriamcfarland6032 [3 likes]: How on earth can you say not having a cycle for a year is healthy?
  6. @leannshort2211 [3 likes]: So what you’re telling me is that I would need a dietitian or some sort of clinician, integrative specialist to test me and help me track and change certain things during certain times of the month?! I’m so confused and this makes my anxiety go through the roof, just to start a ketogenic diet.
There is so much contradictory information out there.
Some say to do a carnivore diet others say do a keto diet others say do a pro metabolic diet because our cells run on glucose and we NEED carbs like fruit, honey and white rice to stabilize our hormones. 
Well, I’m 44 and mine are all out of whack, I’ve been chronically ill for four years since Covid, of course! Don’t even know where to begin and I guess I’ll just end up paying hundreds of dollars to see an integrative specialist to get somewhere. I’m so sick to death of guessing about which way to go!
  7. @trinitywilliams6728 [3 likes]: Is it possible to be part of a study? I have PCOS and a host of other issues and i’d love to participate
  8. @lorenaegas8460 [3 likes]: Great to do studies focus on gender!!! Can also be done in vulnerability population such as pregnancy, menopause and post menopause. Also fasting by gender and training/ work out needs
  9. @SibrwdASMR [2 likes]: Thanks for this. Iver been low carb for years. Recently i went keto & then started  IF eating in a 8 or 9 hour window. I'm 58, post menopausal. Weight dropped off but my weight loss has not reduced my fat very much. I believe ive lost muscle. I listened to someone who said older women shouldn't exercise on the fast - so i now exercise during the 8 hours. I've not found any chsnge from this, so I'm worried. 

Any suggestions?
  10. @1timbarrett [2 likes]: Thank you, Dr Kackley, for acknowledging that change will have to include a re-write of the Dietary Guidelines used in the US. 🙏
  11. @BeWellAndDoGood [1 likes]: Glad to hear studies being done to focus on women.  When you track weight loss are you looking at how much of it is fat loss vice muscle loss?
  12. @syriamartin-rathan2956: Has anyone had a 2-3 week long period? 1-10 day’s actively bleeding and then just draggggging on forever??
  13. @Nnnnaa77: Keto helped me with pcos its the best thing ever
  14. @Millymoox: What a great video, thank you!
  15. @NYtoNC: Who's the doctor again who's known for keto research?
  16. @booboobearify: U ALWAYS HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF HORMONES 1ST.  BEEN TAKING DIM FOR YEARS FOR MY ESTROGEN DOMINANCE.  KETO DAIRY FREE AND DIM TOGETHER WORK BEST FOR ME IN PERIMENOPAUSE, IM 44
  17. @EmilyPayne75: The word is pronounced especially, not expecially.
  18. @Velvetwings968: How not getting a period for a year is healthy??
  19. @Gbastio: I don’t get it . I go to sleep with 1-2 mmol/liter ketones and wake up .2 , is my cortisol too higj to maintain ketosis ? I’ve been doing it for almost a year and no benefits for anxiety I did briefly for a few weeks it was miraculous and it stopped still fasting and remaining @ 20g carbs
  20. @ivapejkovic6890: Great and important infos and reminders. Love her confidential talk.

- LOW CARB vs KETO? WHAT ARE THE DIFFERENCES! How can you actually lose weight?: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel so today I&nbsp; want to talk about keto versus low carb a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of you had questions regarding like what's&nbsp; the difference can you still lose weight on&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb so most of you know that I've lost over&nbsp; 100 pounds I've been maintaining my weight for&nbsp;&nbsp; over 15 years I've done most of it through low&nbsp; carb and keto so I obviously have a lot to say&nbsp;&nbsp; and I've just been through a lot on both ends&nbsp; so I feel like if you're trying to do low carb&nbsp;&nbsp; or you're trying to do keto I'm just going to&nbsp; kind of explain very briefly what the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; is between the two and like what I've noticed&nbsp; on each so again I'm not a doctor this is just&nbsp;&nbsp; from personal experience that I'm gonna share&nbsp; my tips things that have worked for me things&nbsp;&nbsp; that have not worked for me and hopefully it'll&nbsp; be helpful for you too all right so I just made&nbsp;&nbsp; a quick coffee so we could sit down and chat&nbsp; but I just want to go over the difference in&nbsp;&nbsp; facts so how much fat you eat on both the carbs&nbsp; because that's super important and then also&nbsp;&nbsp; weight loss because ultimately if you're doing&nbsp; either or it's more than likely um to lose a&nbsp;&nbsp; few pounds okay so let's go sit down and then&nbsp; we're just going to go over everything [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; coffee is so good it's like literally my favorite&nbsp; thing okay so let's talk about the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; between keto versus low carb so very very simply&nbsp; put keto you need to stay under 20 net carbs low&nbsp;&nbsp; carb you say under a hundred net carbs so the&nbsp; carbohydrates are really important when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; doing keto because in order for your body to&nbsp; be in a ketogenic state which means that you&nbsp;&nbsp; are burning fat for fuel you need to stay&nbsp; under the 20-minute carbs now some people&nbsp;&nbsp; need to go under 10 net carbs why it just it&nbsp; varies person to person so some people lose&nbsp;&nbsp; weight like this on keto some people struggle a&nbsp; little bit more because they might have insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; resistance because they might have just other&nbsp; other whether it's like PCOS or things like that&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are someone that has tried keto it did not&nbsp; work for you comment down below let me know what&nbsp;&nbsp; your experience was but again this is just from&nbsp; personal experience and from experience with my&nbsp;&nbsp; family and people that I know close to me and&nbsp; also doctors in the space that I'm really close&nbsp;&nbsp; to that obviously I've learned so much from Over&nbsp; the over the last few years you can lose weight&nbsp;&nbsp; on both okay we'll talk about weight loss a little&nbsp; later what I want to cover right now is also the&nbsp;&nbsp; fats like what is the real difference in terms&nbsp; of of foods right so if you're doing keto you&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to be eating eggs you're going to&nbsp; be eating protein you're going to be eating&nbsp;&nbsp; high fat because keto is definitely more of a&nbsp; high fat diet that's literally your fuel source&nbsp;&nbsp; versus low carb so low carb it can be more of&nbsp; a high protein which is why I thrive on a low&nbsp;&nbsp; carb diet because I love protein protein makes&nbsp; me feel really good it makes me feel energized&nbsp;&nbsp; and it makes me feel satiated like I actually feel&nbsp; full not to say that keto didn't I did both I've&nbsp;&nbsp; lost weight on both I've been successful on both I&nbsp; think that it what it really gets down to is what&nbsp;&nbsp; do you feel the best with like if you've never&nbsp; tried either or give them both a try they both&nbsp;&nbsp; work they're both they both have their perks I&nbsp; would say if you are trying to go the keto route&nbsp;&nbsp; keto can make you lose body fat like this the&nbsp; reason why you can lose weight so quickly on keto&nbsp;&nbsp; or how I should say how is by intermittent fasting&nbsp; so when you intermittent fast your body you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; putting food into your body you're not putting&nbsp; calories into your body you're not putting sugar&nbsp;&nbsp; into your body so your body stays in a faceted&nbsp; state your insulin is very very low and so when&nbsp;&nbsp; you eat anything like let's say you eat three&nbsp; eggs and some avocado your body that keeps your&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin very low almost as if you're in a facet&nbsp; State as soon as your body Burns through that&nbsp;&nbsp; fat it goes right back into bringing your own&nbsp; body fat for fuel right so if you do a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; intermittent fasting with keto you will lose a&nbsp; lot of body fat because your fuel source is fat&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you are overweight your your body has extra&nbsp; fat to burn mentally it's a struggle because we're&nbsp;&nbsp; so accustomed and used to eating right it's just&nbsp; like almost like a habit and I want to go off on&nbsp;&nbsp; a tangent but going over the um the differences&nbsp; between keto and and low carb with keto it is&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely a lot more fat in your diet if you're&nbsp; doing low carb you can do low fat low carb that&nbsp;&nbsp; works so well for me because I like I'm a snacker&nbsp; I love to snack I love to eat protein I love like&nbsp;&nbsp; to eat chicken breast I love fish I love veggies&nbsp; fat has a lot more calories than carbs and protein&nbsp;&nbsp; so your meals are smaller but they're just&nbsp; as filling so it really just depends on your&nbsp;&nbsp; mentality and it depends on what works for you&nbsp; personally at the end of the day diets all work&nbsp;&nbsp; okay they all truly do work whether you decide&nbsp; to go vegan to lose weight whether you decide&nbsp;&nbsp; to go paleo whether you decide to go low calorie&nbsp; I don't recommend that but whether you decide to&nbsp;&nbsp; go low carb or keto they will all work if you are&nbsp; consistent and you actually stick to it I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know um you guys probably know a lot of people&nbsp; that have lost weight they lose 20 pounds and then&nbsp;&nbsp; boom they gain it back why because they did it in&nbsp; a way that was not sustainable for them so they&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe half starve themselves worked out at the gym&nbsp; seven days a week they're not going to continue&nbsp;&nbsp; their life like that forever right so the what I&nbsp; suggest is is just doing something that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; do long term where you're still going to be able&nbsp; to have dessert here and there you're still going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be able to do things that you love to do but&nbsp; majority of the time you're going to stick to like&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb which is what I do and again I'm speaking&nbsp; from personal experience when I do more of a low&nbsp;&nbsp; carb I'm definitely doing more low fat low fat&nbsp; high protein that works wonders for me as long as&nbsp;&nbsp; I am consistent I will see the scale move I will&nbsp; see the changes in my body if you if I add in a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit of exercise three days a week even that&nbsp; much better if you don't have a gym membership you&nbsp;&nbsp; can do like little YouTube workouts I'm trying&nbsp; to put together like a little home workout really&nbsp;&nbsp; just to kind of help tone up your booty tone up&nbsp; your legs from like you know the comfort of your&nbsp;&nbsp; home that's what I'm working on with my trainer&nbsp; right now but overall I think if you just want&nbsp;&nbsp; to get it out of the way keto works it's a it's&nbsp; effective it's a little more restrictive but it&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely works if you want to eat a little&nbsp; a little bit more food like actual snacks and&nbsp;&nbsp; you know more meals throughout the day you could&nbsp; definitely do a little bit more low carb because&nbsp;&nbsp; you are going to go over your carbohydrates on&nbsp; a keto diet at the end of the day it really just&nbsp;&nbsp; gets down to what is more sustainable for you to&nbsp; to do long term keto is definitely more high fat&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb is definitely more like high protein&nbsp; low fat so that's pretty much the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; between keto and low carb okay so I also wanted&nbsp; to talk about weight loss because I feel like if&nbsp;&nbsp; someone is trying to do low carb or keto it's&nbsp; definitely geared towards losing a few pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; um so I've lost weight on both I originally lost&nbsp; a hundred pounds in six months on low carb so low&nbsp;&nbsp; carb is also very very effective it just has to be&nbsp; done right and it has to be done consistently I've&nbsp;&nbsp; also lost weight on keto the I will say that with&nbsp; keto the weight can come off very very quickly but&nbsp;&nbsp; it definitely feels a little more restrictive when&nbsp; you're doing keto you have more energy you have&nbsp;&nbsp; less Cravings because your insulin is very very&nbsp; low when your insulin spikes that's when you want&nbsp;&nbsp; the chips that's when you want the sugar that's&nbsp; when you want cookies and ice cream your body&nbsp;&nbsp; prefers sugar over fat as soon as you have some&nbsp; your body wants more more more so I don't know if&nbsp;&nbsp; you've noticed that if you're like you're on track&nbsp; you're doing good and then you just so happen to&nbsp;&nbsp; have candy are used so happen to have cookies or&nbsp; you so happen to have something that has carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin goes through the roof and then your body&nbsp; is like give me more what's going to help out&nbsp;&nbsp; for low carb when you're trying to lose weight is&nbsp; you're going to do lower fats so you're not going&nbsp;&nbsp; to focus so much on eating so much fat instead of&nbsp; having like a lot of fatty meat you're gonna have&nbsp;&nbsp; chicken breasts you're gonna have turkey you can&nbsp; have like a lean meat you can have like a lean&nbsp;&nbsp; fish you can definitely lose weight on both it&nbsp; really just depends like what is going to make&nbsp;&nbsp; you feel happy like I'm all about feeling good&nbsp; I'm all about feeling happy like if I feel super&nbsp;&nbsp; restricted and I feel like I'm on this crazy diet&nbsp; I'm not happy like right now I just so happen to&nbsp;&nbsp; be doing keto even though like in my mind I'm&nbsp; like I'm just doing what feels good to me what&nbsp;&nbsp; feels comfortable to me in my mind I know that I&nbsp; am just sticking to very very low carb very and&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm doing very low carb high protein and then and&nbsp; low to moderate fat the thing is I don't like the&nbsp;&nbsp; label of it because it puts too much pressure on&nbsp; me and I think that I'm just kind of going with&nbsp;&nbsp; the flow like how do I feel today you know if I&nbsp; need a little extra veggies I'm going to do that&nbsp;&nbsp; if I need a little extra protein I'm going to&nbsp; do that so I feel like you just really need to&nbsp;&nbsp; listen to your body listen to your body stick&nbsp; to Whole Foods and the results will follow I&nbsp;&nbsp; promise you like I have lost over 100 pounds&nbsp; twice now I think I'm currently losing a few&nbsp;&nbsp; pounds and I'm just doing it in a way that feels&nbsp; just really good to me so if you've tried either&nbsp;&nbsp; or if you've lost if you've been successful at&nbsp; keto or you've been successful on a low carb&nbsp;&nbsp; diet share your story I'd love to hear your&nbsp; experience I love to know how much weight&nbsp;&nbsp; you've lost overall I hope that this video was&nbsp; really helpful I hope it answered your questions&nbsp;&nbsp; um regarding like keto versus low carb if&nbsp; you like this video make make sure you hit&nbsp;&nbsp; that like button share this video with friends&nbsp; family that might be considering to do keto or&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb maybe just on starting their weight&nbsp; loss Journey it might be really helpful to&nbsp;&nbsp; them but thank you guys so much for being here&nbsp; I love you and I will see you on my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @LowCarbLove [62 likes]: What’s your currently lifestyle? Are you low carb? Keto? Just eat healthy? I would love to know in comments below!!
  2. @thegams5484: How many calories and fat should you have on a low carb diet? ❤
  3. @merakidancecompany: The music is very distracting
  4. @rafaelaortiz5756: Wow its so important for you to make more videos explaining this again. Low carb and keto are different but they can be used in combination to get results❤ tell us how u alternated diets and for what periods also please remind people that you have to keep a calorie deficit no matter what. What apps do you use?❤❤❤❤Ty!!!
  5. @kathynewkirk683: I did keto for years!  It was excellent for wt management.  But, I developed disordered eating issues!  My cholesterol went through the roof! There  is no bad food, only a bad diet.  And keto is not optimal.  All diets work, but not all are optimal!  And it limits your exercise. Fasting raises your cortisol.  I now do a low carb diet healthy fat, high healthy carb and moderate lean proteins protein. And eating 3 meals a day! People, please don’t go down this rabbit hole!  It’s not just about weight, it’s about health!
  6. @bendaas8446: My plan is to do keto and reach my goal then switch to low carb
  7. @wayneschneider7795: Great info, but the music is distracting
  8. @TheCelestialhealer: Love your style and advice. I l😅st 35 kg on keto, but got sick of the fat and now I am low carb, low fat, higher protein.
  9. @morganashley22: I stick with <50g net carbs for keto. Down 27.5lbs in 10.5 weeks!
  10. @stephaniesolis2835: I struggled my whole life trying to lose weight and I have no health issues. I did the low/no carb high protein approach and I just did stretching, no strain exercise and within a year I lost 80 lbs. Home exercises are great if you can’t afford gyms or you’re insecure. I tried keto and I felt sick. I tried the military diet and it wasn’t bad, I lost 20 lbs. but , my favorite is the high protein low carb. Look up caldo recipes and you get your meat plus vegetables together, leave out the potatoes! Turkey and chicken air fried or baked with a salad and/or veggies. Look up vegetables carb charts and research before you eat.
  11. @coenfrieda: Interesting although a lot of scientist endocrinologists etc does not say it is about calories it is more about the insuline resistance effect from ultraprocessed foods, transfats, sugars in all kinds and or hidden forms so they promote whole food, fat of for instance wild salmon is great for you and fibres not to forget is very important.

To all of you I would like to say do not try to loose too many in too short time other than that you know you can do this for life.

In my 30s I went on diets, multiple kinds due to comments of relatives and friends. Yes I lost 20 lbs in 13 weeks and thought I know how it works so with christmas I feasted and bomb gained so much.....diet....loose, gained and destroyd my theroïd😢😢😢

Thyroïd meds made me gain 25 kilo again it is a struggle with chronic inflammation and fatique. It is not all about insuline resistance it can be caused by too high cortisol level as well, stress hormone or bad sleep.

I now eat 3 healthy fresh meals no snacks drink herbal tea, black coffee 1 cup, filtered water.

Walk a lot.

Want to go IF have to do test what eating window works the best for me.

Good luck
Yvonne

Loosing weight should never be a fight, you are beautifull as you are do only what makes you happy for yourself learn the difference between whole foods and ultra- and processed foods, hidden sugars.....eat whole fruit do not drink the juice you throw away the fibre from you need it it is all about healthy mitochondria in your brain cells etc if that is okay there is no problem.
  12. @lorib6509: Net vs total carbs make this information video a fail!  Net carbs is a way to over eat carbs!
  13. @andysteele5707: This is the first I've heard there is a difference. I assumed low carb and keto were the same. This helps great. I'm not over weight but want to shred some fat and maintain a weight. I train in the week don't eat much but binge and drink on the weekend and have struggled to get to the shape I want. Low carb sounds long term better. Great video 👍
  14. @nanetteochoa6614: I will love to see your workout
  15. @suefox5162: I am doing high protein low carb. And it works for me
  16. @heathermcbay5768: how many carbs in a day do u consume ? i started 2 weeks ago lost nothing, I am not trying to do keto just cut the carbs . I am doing about under 30 to 40 i am 65  . what is your suggestion ?
  17. @sandyfay9929: I’m definitely watching more of your videos! Low calorie isn’t working for me anymore!
  18. @MayEnriquez-ub1ed: wala manonood sau
  19. @ExplanationButton: Just finding this video now, but it’s SO HELPFUL. I tend to lean toward low carb, but when I tried keto, I got sick. Like, really sick. Chest pain, stomach issues, liver issues, I had a constant headache, and for the first time in my life I had high cholesterol levels. After five months, I was seriously worried I was headed for a heart attack. I have friends who have successfully lost weight and gotten healthy on keto, so I knew it could work, but my body told me loud and clear that it just wasn’t for me. I quit and within a few months felt back to normal, although my cholesterol levels have never gone back to pre-keto levels.

I just figured that low carb had to be keto-esque, I’ve never considered that low carb could also be significantly lower fat. So this is amazing, it’s like a piece of the puzzle that I was missing, thank you so much!
  20. @helenkeller7127: Under 50 net carbs, focusing on protein, and just adding fat if I’m really hungry worked well for me. I didn’t track fat at all. I didn’t see the point of making sure I had excessive fat past the first couple weeks if I want my body to burn my own.  No issues with that. But I am definitely addicted to sugar. One slip up and I struggle to get back. Low carb is definitely more sustainable for that reason. If I mess up, it’s not so hard to get back on track. It’s definitely not as difficult for social events.

- What Can You Eat on a Low Carb Diet? (Full Food List): Kind: captions Language: en low carb diets are becoming increasingly popular but which foods are low in carbohydrates I will quickly go through healthy low carb food choices so you understand what you can eat on a low carb diet the best way for you to quickly classify whether a food is low carb is to think about its source did it come from an animal or a plant and that's significant because plants are the living organisms that make carbohydrates if you remember learning about photosynthesis that is the process that plants use to make carbohydrates from raw materials of sunlight carbon dioxide and water so all plant foods will contain carbs but that doesn't rule them out of a healthy little carb diet you just need to pick the right ones most foods that come directly from animals contain only trace amounts of carbs so let's start our low carb food list with meats meats can come from any source including beef poultry pork lamb venison and bison and the very versatile egg is a great addition to a low carb diet and works great as a snack meal or a recipe ingredient there are also products that come from meats that can count as low carb foods like bacon pork rinds beef jerky and lunch meats but as with any food processing lowers the nutrient quality of the food so you will be happiest with the overall quality of your diet if you limit processed meats and choose them wisely to avoid unhealthy ingredients as well as hidden sugars which will increase the carb count now I am going to discuss more than 100 low carb foods in this video so if you would like the full list you can download the list on my website and I will leave some links here for where you can do that ok let's continue all varieties of fish and seafood from wild caught salmon and haddock to shrimp and scallops can be enjoyed as part of a low carb diet now dairy products are the category of animal-based foods that you will want to pay attention - when counting carbs and there are two reasons first dairy contains a natural sugar called lactose and dairy foods are often sweetened which can of course increase the carb count of the food now while it doesn't apply 100% of the time a general rule of thumb is that the higher a dairy food is in fat the lower it will be in the milk sugar lactose for instance 1/4 cup of heavy cream has about one and a half grams of carbohydrates whereas the same amount of fat free skim milk has twice the carb grams that also provides flavor so full fat dairy foods don't need to rely on added sugars and sweeteners like their low fat counterparts so the takeaway is read your labels and don't be afraid to choose the full fat low sugar varieties when it comes to selecting dairy products the dairy foods that can fit into a low carb diet include full fat yogurt heavy cream half-and-half sour cream and different varieties of cheese but again pay attention to the carb count of Dairy Foods and we could round out our list of low carb animal-based foods with cooking fats those that come from animals include butter lard and tallow this also provides a perfect segue into plant-based low carb foods because we get some oils from plants including avocado oil which is one of my favorites as well as coconut oil and olive oil and there are also oils classified as a vegetable oils such as soybean sunflower and canola oil these oils fit on a low carb list but I do not use them due to their questionable health value and if you want to know more about that you can see my video on the best cooking oils as I mentioned earlier all whole plant foods contain carbs but that doesn't rule them out of a healthy low-carb diet you just need to pick wisely so that you're getting the vital nutrients from the plant foods without the excess carbs so let's continue our list of low carb plant foods and I'm going to loosely list them from lowest carb content to highest coffee NT come from coffee beans or tea leaves and contain only a trace amount of carbs making them a favorite drink of low-carb dieters herbs and spices also come from plants so they contain trace amounts of carbohydrates which is typically a non-issue because spices tend to be used in small quantities but you do want to read the label of packaged spice blends that have other ingredients added in for instance this packet of taco seasoning mix contains 4 carbs per serving and there's about six servings in here leafy green vegetables are a great low carb choice and many other non starchy vegetables will fit into your low carb lifestyle as well a few of the more popular low carb vegetables include asparagus green beans broccoli cauliflower mushrooms and onions onions are a bit higher in carbs than the other vegetables that I mentioned so that is something that you might want to pay attention to if you are following a very low carb or keto style diet nuts and seeds qualify as low carb foods but it pays to monitor how many you are eating because they are easy to overeat the carb content will also vary with nuts from with pecans walnuts and macadamia nuts being lower in carbs then pistachios and cashews low carb seeds are a great way to add crunch to a salad and can be blended into recipes to enhance their health value I prefer to eat nuts and seeds raw to avoid the unhealthy oils that are typically used for roasting some favorites are chia hemp sunflower and pumpkin seeds with the popularity of low carb diets we are seeing a rise in popularity of butter derived from nuts and seeds these natural kinds of butter have a place on our list but they are even easier to overeat than nuts and seeds themselves you have to read the label also to make sure that other ingredients including sugar were not added we can also grind not and similar plant foods to give us flour like almond flour or coconut flour for baking and while these flours may have some health benefits when compared to white flour anytime you refine a whole food it changes the way your body handles it so if you are using a low-carb diet as a way to lose weight you will be happiest with your overall results if you avoid or limit all types of flour alright let's talk about fruit there are many variety of fruit some make the low-carb list and others do not fruits that are generally regarded as being low-carb friendly include avocados coconuts lemons and limes and olives there are other fruit that are not super high in carbs that can fit into a low-carb diet for some people these include apples berries cantaloupe cherries and grapefruit however if you are weight-loss resistant you may find that you need to limit your overall fruit intake and I have a video on that topic if you would like to learn more about that lastly I am also going to give an honorable mention to dark chocolate but to qualify as low-carb friendly you'll want to look for brands that are at least 70% cacao with little or no added sugar but just a side note dark chocolate is an acquired taste so the longer that you are on a low-carb diet the more your taste buds will adjust and you will be able to taste that more subtle sweetness that you get with dark chocolate so you can see that there are a lot of nutrient rich foods that you can choose from when you follow a low-carb diet I certainly through a lot of foods at you in this short video if you would like the complete downloadable list you can grab a copy on my website and I will link to that here in the video and down below in the description area thanks so much for watching please subscribe and I will see you in the next video thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [132 likes]: Download the Full List of 100 Low Carb Foods Here (Free): https://www.drbeckyfitness.com/Low-Carb-Food-List
  2. @ratg0r3 [2 likes]: I am on a cal deficit and now I want to start eating healthier and working out, lost 10 lbs already and I'm ready to start building better habits 💅
  3. @kaydub1981 [1 likes]: I do NOT suggest seed oils AT all either. Thoughts on peanut oil??
  4. @BigTBuiltDifferent [1 likes]: Is keto bread okay? It has worked for me and I lost over 100lbs but it took 14 months still got 38lbs till my goal
  5. @waynearcher5970 [1 likes]: Riced cauliflower and mashed cauliflower (mashed potato  substitute) are great.
  6. @Jeff-bl1rz [1 likes]: I thought watermelon was very high in sugar …
  7. @CodyHouston30 [1 likes]: I tried low carbs before it took all my energy away I feel a lot better on high carbs
  8. @emilyhopemeechem4183: My mom is getting me to do that low carb diet
And she’s doing it too
  9. @dianne7824: Thank you for your video. This is very useful.
  10. @ripcisco: i
  11. @ruhulabedin3651: Love your videos, thank you so much
  12. @planethex9756: 5:59  realization that I’m still immature 😞😭🤣
  13. @Woodysdad1: Great video. Thank you.
  14. @the-comedian-25: These arent foods these are ingredients ?? Wheres the food what kind of meals do you do with these ingredients ❗️❗️⁉️❓❓im gonna die !! 😫😫😫
  15. @veeylmaa: Thaks
  16. @rodneynicholls6537: you should crack the fill plug first!
  17. @claudiamijares86: Hi! can a follow this diet as a vegetarian? which proteins can I eat?
  18. @Signalprocessing-c8y: The video is great. Thank you, Becky, for sharing
  19. @SheSheBelieves: This was SUCH a helpful video, thank you!! Also, thank you for the list! A very practical resource :)
  20. @olin5836: Are oats low carbs?

- How to calculate your calories and macros for menopause weight loss over 40.: Kind: captions Language: en one of the most common questions that you ask me is how many calories should i be eating and that's actually not an easy question to answer because it depends on your current weight or your body composition and how much activity you're doing and what your goals are but in this video i'm going to give you a step-by-step guide on how to calculate your calories and macros if you're trying to lose weight and you're over 40 hello fam and welcome to my channel my name's melissa neil and this channel is all about helping you if you're a woman over 40 or like me over 50 get in the best possible shape and i'm going to be talking about calories i'm going to tell you how to calculate your own calories and i'm also going to tell you how to calculate your macros in other words your balance of protein carbohydrates and fat which are just as important as calories when you're over 40 it can seem like an absolute minefield how to work out what you should be eating i get so many questions about this i thought i'd take you through a step-by-step guide to try and just make it really simple for you and this video is for you if you're looking to lose weight if you're looking to gain weight or maintain your weight i'm not talking about that i'm actually talking about weight loss or even better let's talk about fat loss the first thing you need to be considering is getting yourself into a calorie deficit so what does that mean all the calorie deficit is is burning more energy than you're putting in and what you're putting in the fuel that you're putting in is actually food isn't it and normally for most women and most women this age a calorie deficit would normally mean calories of around 1500 to 2000 calories and it is going to be dependent on your weight your body composition and your activity levels and everybody has a slightly different metabolism how do you calculate how many calories you should be eating the simplest way to do this is to go to an online calorie calculator and work out your maintenance calories don't use the calculator to work out how many calories you should be eating to lose weight because that's when they start to get really inaccurate and try to get you on really low calories just use it for working out your maintenance calories it's not completely accurate but it's the simplest way for you to do it to get an idea of what your maintenance calories are there's a website called calculator.net and i'm just going to show you here what you would plug in so you're going to plug in your height you're going to plug in your weight and you're going to plug in your activity levels whether you're male or female if you're watching this you're probably female and how old you are and then it's gonna come up with you can see here a number which is your maintenance calories and you take those maintenance calories for example my maintenance calories around about 2000 calories could be a little bit more 2100 calories and what you need to do is subtract anywhere between 200 to 400 calories from those maintenance calories now my advice would be subtract a small amount so subtract 200 to start off with because if you subtract a large amount of calories so if your maintenance is 2 000 calories and you subtract 400 and you go straight into 1600 calories that's actually quite low and you've got nowhere to go and normally with the fat loss phase is you'll get to a certain point and you're going to need to reduce your calories but if you take them really low early on there's nowhere to go also it actually messes with your metabolism taking your calories too low so the sweet spot is to have your calories up as high as possible and still be losing weight so at the moment i'm in a fat loss phase because i'm getting ready for a photo shoot in around 10 weeks time and i'm actually on 1800 calories but my maintenance calories are 2 000 calories and i can tell visibly i can see that i'm actually losing body fat so that's the sweet spot having a small calorie deficit and doing that in a sustainable way that's going to help you to be able to keep consistent and do it in the long term and if you take your calories too low you won't be able to stay consistent and do it in the long term because what's going to happen is you're going to get really tired and you're going to get really hungry and then the temptation is to go off plan but if you're not tired and you're not hungry then you're going to be able to stick to it for the long term which means you're going to achieve much better fat loss results so once you've calculated your fat loss calories you've taken your maintenance calories and you subtracted anywhere between 200 to 400 calories then you need to consider your macronutrients now why do i always talk about macronutrients what i'm really concerned with is actually taking your protein high so why is that why is that important for women over 40 firstly having your protein high is actually going to be better for fat loss protein is the macronutrient that takes longer for your body to break it down so it will take longer to break down protein than it will fats or carbohydrates secondly protein keeps you satisfied it keeps you satiated so you're less likely to get hungry particularly if you eat protein at every single meal and snack so if you're going to eat protein in the amount i'm about to recommend to you you will be needing to eat protein every single meal and snack and what i recommend for you is one gram of protein for every pound in your body weight per day if you weigh 150 pounds you need to be eating 150 grams of protein per day what would that look like i'm going to show you some examples of the kind of protein you can be eating so let's start off with some plant-based ones because i know i get a ton of questions and comments from people saying well what am i if i'm plant-based so some good plant-based proteins are beans and lentils so you want to be eating about 200 grams of those so that's cooked way you can actually add things like quinoa as your carbohydrate sauce because it's also high in protein oatmeal which is also high in protein they're good to add as a carbohydrate source as well and then there are some veggies that are really high in protein so green beans adamami beans broccoli so look for those kind of veggies that are high in protein and they're going to bring your protein up then you've got protein sources like tofu which which tofu is pretty controversial but what i would say is that their studies been carried out on asian women in southeast asia and what they do find is because tofu promotes estrogen in your system that they actually don't have the menopause symptoms and don't go through the menopause that we do in the western world so tofu if you're estrogen dominant probably not a good idea and then if you're plant-based you can go for adding in things like nutritional yeast and plant protein powders are fantastic then i'm going to talk about the vegetarian protein sources so something like 100 grams of greek yogurt at one sitting is really good two to three eggs or egg whites 100 grams of cottage cheese or very very low fat cheese like philadelphia lightest then you've also got your whey protein powder so it's kind of one scoop per sitting normally gives you about 20 grams of protein then 100 grams of any kind of fish it could be oily fish it could be white fish it could be tuna it could be shrimp or any kind of shellfish and then you've got your meats haven't you so you've got your chicken go for meats that have five percent fat or less with chicken or meat go for about 100 grams of that now i'm going to talk about carbohydrates carbohydrates are completely demonized we do need to have carbohydrates in our diet because it gives us performance during our workouts particularly strength training as well as protein carbohydrate is actually a key component of muscle building it's going to give you energy energy to get through the day energy to get through your workouts we need carbohydrates for really important body functions like brain function now i'm not talking about a high carbohydrate diet for most of you it's going to be anywhere between 100 grams to 200 grams of carbohydrates and good carbohydrate sources are things like potato sweet potato rice quinoa oatmeal you call it in the usa we call it oats in the uk you know you've got your whole grains so your whole grain bread and your whole grain pasta it's always better to go for whole grains if you can do because they're going to keep you fuller for longer and then it's really important to get your fat sins so fats that are good for you but you can kind of eat any type of fat but just don't go for trans fats and that's things like olive oil avocado fish oils coconut oil butter and cheeses as fats they're absolutely fine as long as you don't have a food intolerance to them and things like dark chocolate that's actually a fat as well try and build in a few of those things that you enjoy into those macronutrient content which is your balance of your protein carbohydrates and fats and you're going to have a much better enjoyable experience and how you balance your protein carbohydrates and fats around about a third each of those give or take you know i like to do 35 protein 35 carbs and 30 fat but you might want to bring those up and down by about 5 and that's okay you don't want to take your fats much lower than 40 grams of fats and you don't want to take your carbohydrates much lower than 100 grams of carbohydrates and if you want a guide that actually explains all this in a lot more detail i actually have a free nutrition guide i'm going to put a link up here it's a free nutrition guide and it's also a sample meal plan so you can see exactly how you should be eating and what you want to do when you've got your calories that you've calculated you've got the amount of protein that you're going to be eating and your carbs and your fats because you know it's going to be about a third each 30 to 35 you take those numbers and you plug them in to my fitness pal and that is gonna be where you can track all your calories and macros and that's gonna really help you understand exactly what you're eating and achieve that fat loss that you want so i hope that's demystified how many calories you should be eating and do let me know if you're going to try this out and download my free nutrition guide and i've put a video here all about nutrition before during and after menopause and how to balance your hormones because it's not just about macros and it's not just about calories it's actually eating for your hormones

  Top Comments:
  1. @JR45999 [19 likes]: You are the only person on the internet that have explained the calorie deficit so clearly for many many years that I have tried to understand fitness. I have tried so many workouts and diet and yoyoed in my weight. Watching your channel had just allowed me the epiphany of what had truly worked in the past. I’m almost 40 but what you explained applies to every woman! Thank you so much and I will be following you!
  2. @wackthegood8884 [7 likes]: In 13 minutes you have explained so clearly the whole idea of macronutrients that I've been struggling to understand for years, and how to work out a personalised diet plan. This is amazing! Thank you. I finally have a blueprint to get started, and also this has eradicated my fear of a high-protein diet being all about meat. The idea that a bowl of oats, with Greek yoghurt can also be a healthy high-protein meal is a game changer for me. This has been the most helpful 15 minutes of my dieting life!!
  3. @heather4089 [2 likes]: People telling me to eat 1,800 😳, no way I’m eating almost 2,000 to burn fat. That’s why I stopped seeing my nutritionist. She was not considering that I’m on my menopause. I just did it, I should be eating 1,069 .
  4. @MelissaNeill [1 likes]: Download my Free 7-Day Plan:
https://melissaneill.com/start-free-7-day-plan/?pinComment=BI2bUygZBqs
Download my Free Meal Guide:
https://melissaneill.com/start-free-mealplan?pinComment=BI2bUygZBqs
  5. @yvettenaputi3733 [1 likes]: I truly appreciate this video. Thanks, Melissa!
  6. @TheHealingVoiceofReason [1 likes]: You are my go to. I got off but now I'm getting back on. And when I was doing it before just following the meal plan and working out 4 days a week not really strenuously I saw my figure take shape. That was with weight training and a little bit of cardio. So I totally appreciate you I think you look great and you are a godsend for women 40 and over.
  7. @simonkalibwani5832 [1 likes]: Finally a channel I can recommend to my fiance. Gotta start them early 😅
  8. @AmyVC14: How much sugar daily?  ty
  9. @mollykorff: Hello Melissa, I have been eating about 1200 calories for 5 years, I am fairly active( nurse) 60 years old. I have alot of belly fat since eating low caloric diet. I am 1.67 m tall and weigh 65kg. Hoe do I repair my metabolism and loose the belly fat? Thanks Yvette
  10. @thecleaningguru7253: Hi Melissa, what is your suggestion on milk? Supplements.  Is coconut be better than almond milk or oat milk?
  11. @candiceabr: Thanks!
  12. @patricewhite175: I am so glad I stumbled across your content today. I'm in peri and it has wreaked havoc. You're an inspiration.
  13. @kathyhindt1056: You’re amazing. Thank you so much for your generosity in sharing so much of your personal story and journey to help the rest of us!
  14. @ellinidatriandafilo5710: A lot of people on here saying they definitely gonna try. I haven’t heard one person say they tried and it worked.🤔
And didn’t have to pay $6000 to do it …
  15. @traceycurtis6195: So  positive     love   channel ❤️ 💖 💕
  16. @reneehatley2086: Definitely going to try this...thank you so much for your help!
  17. @Muzomah: You are such an inspiration,,
  18. @sandymywayofcooking1853: Are you on Hormone therapy replacement?
  19. @tonyaberman3669: Melissa, African yam is good for menopause. They actually sell wild yam pills for menopause. African yam is even better then Soy bean.
  20. @mache42883: @Melissa Neil, when I use the calorie calculator what do I put down for activity level sedentary to light? I’m not that active. I am just starting, thanks.

- The Ketogenic Diet, Women & Hormones – Hormonal Imbalance In Women On Keto – Dr.Berg: Kind: captions Language: en so I'm back and today we're gonna talk about quito women and hormones okay so you hear all this stuff on the net and on the news that keto and intermittent fasting is really bad for women it's gonna mess up your hormones I'm just gonna clarify that with six different points starting it with number one when you decrease your insulin by doing in a minute fasting and keto you are instantly enhancing certain fat burning hormones insulin is a fat making hormone and as has the power of preventing the fat burning process it is a dominating hormone in the presence of insulin all the fat burning hormones are nullified okay I'm not sure if you knew that but so just by lowering insulin you enhance the thyroid hormone which is a fat burning hormone growth hormone glucagon which is a fat burning hormone adrenaline so you when you actually burn more fat okay that's number one number two because you're consuming more healthy fat you're increasing more bile production bile helps you convert the inactive form of the thyroid hormone which is t4 to the active form which is t3 so you actually have more effectiveness with your thyroid okay consuming more fat increases bile it also increases the absorption of more fat soluble vitamins like vitamin A and vitamin D and vitamin E these fat soluble vitamins are vital with hormones especially vitamin E in relationship to the pituitary and menopause to prevent hot flashes alright number three by increasing dietary fat you're providing the raw material for your steroid hormones in order to make like estrogen progesterone testosterone cortisol for your adrenals you need cholesterol you need fat and the ketogenic diet will give you that if you're doing a low-fat diet you're gonna starve those hormones off okay number four decreasing insulin will decrease PCOS polycystic ovarian syndrome this is a condition where a woman has too much androgen that's a male hormone and they're getting facial hair deeper voice they're getting a gut no more libido all sorts of problems with that well that's coming from high levels of insulin if you just decrease your insulin you're automatically going to improve this condition right here improving your overall hormone profile all right number five running your body on ketones which your brain loves by the way and doing anima fasting greatly supports the brain its ketones are neural protective when you do intermittent fasting you have these genes that turn on and your brain actually starts going into repair mode and you actually grow new brain cells which is really nice and guess what else is in your brain the main master glands which is the hypothalamus and the pituitary those are the glands that send the information down to the body and they actually also improve when you go on keto and if' you also improve the autonomic nervous system which is an added benefit and lastly going on keto takes the stress off the pancreas and so now the pancreas which is an endocrine gland can finally come back and work effectively the pancreas not only regulates blood sugars but it's involved in digestion as well so a lot of women that go on healthy keto end up increasing their fertility increasing their libido now there are things that can happen for example if you feel cold if you lose your period if your libido goes down it could mean that you're doing in a min fasting too fast okay so you have to go about it in a nice gradual way it could also mean that the type of keto that you're doing is unhealthy so what I'm going to recommend is do the healthy version of ketta we call a healthy keto so I put a link down below to make sure you get the correct version of healthy keto thanks for watching you're enjoying this content go ahead and share it with someone that could really benefit from it

  Top Comments:
  1. @epifanioflippen [18 likes]: It's amazing to see so many women finding relief from hormonal imbalances and PCOS symptoms through keto and intermittent fasting! Thank you, Dr. Berg, for providing valuable information and empowering women to take control of their health. I'm inspired by these success stories and more confident in continuing my own keto journey.
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [16 likes]: Keto can feel like a miracle for a while — but for many women, especially in perimenopause or menopause, it eventually stops working or even backfires.
I’ve seen this often in the women I work with: when gut health, blood sugar, and inflammation aren’t addressed first, keto can trigger more stress in the body than healing.
It’s not always about cutting more — sometimes it's about calming the body so it actually uses the nutrition you’re giving it. Grateful this conversation is being had.
  3. @Mindsetolympics [2 likes]: I literally had little to no freaking period cramps!!! My past period thanks to this diet❤❤❤❤
  4. @melaniebenoist9432 [1 likes]: So I just started it again after 5 years, my period is late but I know it’s because of the changes happening in my body and im hoping it becomes regular again God willing.
  5. @BrittanyMetzler-f6w [1 likes]: Ya but now they say intermittent fasting isn’t good for women’s hormones and decreasing carbs for too long back fires like what is true anymore 😑?
  6. @stephanievulcheva8125 [1 likes]: I lost my cycle for the last 2 of the 3 months on keto. The moment I ate some bread my cycle was back. I really enjoyed it and it helped me a lot in other health issues but I am not gonna practice it for more than a month in future.
  7. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  8. @brittneyham5270: But it doesn't gaurantee women will convert t4 into t3 in fact it it converts to rT3 which is a inactive and can block t3. This poses a big problem, especially for women with raising cortisol levels.
  9. @katkas.3066: Sounds nice in theory, but it did destroy hormones for me. I suppose it was what would be called healthy keto... Paleo with a lot of good fat and protein.
  10. @lizbailie8052: Could you PLEASE do a video dedicated to postmenopausal women who still suffer for most of their perimenopausal symptoms, please.
  11. @StellaAesthetics: There is tons of evidence that shows eliminating carbs causes hypothalamic ammenorrah in women . They put teen girls on keto and 45% lost their periods in a month . Keto is bodies way of eating when starving- no time to reproduce.
  12. @S-mn7du: I have regular periods (I used to eat carbs 10 days before the period) but I got continuous spotting throughout the month due to low carb. It might help pcos women but mess up for the ones who have regular periods.
  13. @Anupama_creations7.5M: I'm already keto person 
All medical reports are normal. 
But today is 68 days my heavy period. 
What should I do right now
  14. @CharityRodriguez-w6l: What about women in perimenopause? I haven’t been able to find a video by you that is solely about perimenopause.
  15. @kathixox4345: And again….. a huge Thank you 🐱
  16. @northmoons: Dr. Berg, I'm doing healthy keto and IF, and I was so worried about if it would be too rough when I got my cycle. 😅 Thank you so much for the breakdown. 🙏🏽
  17. @RashmiSingh-wr6li: @Dr Berg will keto and IF impact lactating mothers?
  18. @Truthplznowplzplz2025Plz: LOL I can't believe people listen to an Osteopath about hormones
  19. @lenkaklepacova2167: If I get rid of all suffering and lose it due to keto & IF I will be the happiest of course if it comes with no consequence.
  20. @vortex23ify: Dr. Berg, what do you mean with “balance estrogen”? There is no balancing. Should it not say “reducing estrogen”?

- Best HIGH PROTEIN Foods for Fat Loss for Over 40 (EAT DAILY!): Kind: captions Language: en my buddy Dr Bill Campbell who runs the only physique and performance lab in the country it's over at University of South Florida and is doing a bunch of research on women and not just women menopausal women oh my gosh thank you Bill well Dr Bill Campbell says that the common factory sees among lean women is a higher protein intake but not all proteins created equal here are some of my favorites that I incorporate into my daily routine now if you want to lose fat you got to be in a chloric deficit so that your body will burn off body fat and you want to make sure that it's fat you're burning not lean tissue so protein is key here for a couple of reasons number one it's going to help you hold on to lean mass there was a study that looked at whether older adults who eat meals containing at least 30 grams of protein more often have stronger leg muscles and lean body mass so they Ed data from adults age 50 to 85 and found that those who had one or two meals with 30 gr or more of protein each day had better leg strength and lean body mass than those who didn't so this study suggests that having one to two protein Rich meals daily can help maintain muscle strength and lean body mass as you age I'm going to say three so our minimum is 30 gr of protein at a meal ideally 40 30 is like the minimum there and at least 100 G overall and it's pretty clear when you start to look at all of the research that people who eat higher protein when they are in caloric restriction are able to hold on to more lean mass when they do this then next reason I do is because they are more thermic they burn more calories than fat or carbs do they require 20 to 30% of the calories get dissipated in the metabolism and simulation of the protein the next one is that protein improves satiety and satisfaction you wanted the cravings and you won't be as hungry so I have this 7-Day protein Challenge and one of the big things that we do is look at before someone starts like how's your hunger how's your energy how are your cravings and the number one thing that we hear from people as they go through just seven days is at the end of that they go I didn't have cravings and that's amazing that just turns off that food noise that you hear from a lot of these glp1 drugs they have the food noise well protein can help do that as well another thing protein can do is help with blood sugar stabilization so that's why I like people to eat protein first and we know that when you eat protein first you tend to make better food choices overall so when you eat a meal that's high in protein can make you eat less in the next meal compared to having a meal high in carbs or fats in other words when you eat a high protein meal it makes you feel Fuller and eat less in your next meal and then of course we need protein to help us detoxify well we need to be detoxifying every single day cuz every single day we are being bombarded by toxins in the air in the water in skin care even if we have our best laid plans if you are in this world you're getting bombarded with toxins and protein helps you get a hold of these toxins and transform them so you can excrete them okay I hope I've built the case for why we want to eat protein daily I've got a protein cheat sheet as a little reference guide for you that you can print out and put on your fridge for easy meal planning and that is at JJ virgin.com slpre cheat sheet now as I go through these Foods you're going to see that I have really focused on animal-based products here and that's there's a very specific reason for this when you look at protein quality you're looking at a couple things you're looking at the basic essential amino acid balance and I heard someone say this I wish I could remember who it was to give them credit but they said you know the amino acid profile plants is amazing it's great for growing plants but we are humans and we are growing muscle so the amino acid profile of an animal is going to be a better one for us and it's got all the essential amino acids it's also more bioavailable and more digestible a lot of times in plant proteins that the proteins will also be bound up with fiber which makes it less digestible one of the things I like to say is you are what you eat eight meaning that if you are eating a a say a a little Factory chicken a battery cage chicken that's been shoved into a little cage and sprayed with all sorts of stuff you're going to get all of that as well when you're eating wild fish wild salmon grassed grass finish beef pastured pork and chicken totally different because they have a better profile of nutrients they have better fatty acid profile and tend to have better Amino acids and phytonutrients and anti oins so that's the first thing is we want to eat animals that first of all have been have been raised humanely but have been raised in their natural habitat and then we're also looking Beyond just essential amino acids we're looking specifically at one amino acid to help us age powerfully and that is Lucine and this was researched from Dr Donald Layman and his lab where he discovered that Lucine is the trigger for muscle protein synthesis but turns out that loosing might also affect how much food a person eats it can change how specific Pathways in the brain's hypothalamus work now the hypothalamus is responsible for controlling your appetite and the feeling of being full after eating loosing could make you eat less by affecting these Pathways in the brain there's a couple other things that I'm looking at and I'm going to share as I walk through these foods with you that I'm also looking at as bonus points is if that food has vitamin D or CLA that's a type of fat that can help you burn fat off your waist Omega-3s and creatine all right so here we go here are the five foods that I incorporate into my diet and the first one is wild salmon I absolutely love this now here's what's cool about wild salmon not only you're getting that that beautiful clean uh protein from the fish but you're also getting those Omega-3s and what we now know about Omega-3s is that they can be anabolic they can enhance muscle protein synthesis they can reduce muscle prot prot breakdown which of course that means you're preserving muscle mass can enhance fat burning they can decrease appetite can reduce muscle soreness after workouts and they can lower triglycerides and improve metabolic Health wow and Omega-3s are also anti-inflammatory so first off omega-3 is for the wind and depending on which type of of fish you're getting and how much you're eating you can get 2 to three grams of Omega-3s in that fish serving the next thing you can get in that fish serving is creatine you probably wouldn't think of creatine as being high in fish but it is you can get 1 to two gram of creatine in fish per serving and the other one and something that I've been adding into my diet every day to make sure that I get enough in is toine so toine is rich in fish I've been also adding it in to my pre-workout about 1 to three grams a day um is what they say to dose it out I've been doing two to three because I'm 140 lbs but what toine is great for is muscular endurance it helps you work out harder and recover faster and just like women have less creatine we also have less tissue stores of torine now another cool thing that salmon wild salmon has is vitamin D and of course we know vitamin D helps with the absorption of calcium it can help promote brone strength it's crucial for building muscle and maintaining a higher metabolic rate for fat loss next one now if you've healed your gut and you're not dairy intolerant I love grassfed Greek style yogurt for a couple different reasons number one it's a great source of calcium which of course we know again strong bones and plays a role in regulating body fat and it can also reduce the absorption of dietary fat in the intestines and increase fat excretion in fact diey and calcium can help reduce the amount of fat stored in the cells and may help you lose weight faster especially when you're in caloric restriction you've also got probiotics and we know gut health improves digestion and also helps the absorption of nutrients and Greek style yogurt has B12 which helps convert food into energy so that's going to support a healthy metabolism and provide energy for workouts and also help maintain muscle mass and Greek style yogurt also has torine now one of the things I love here with Greek style yogurt is it is really high in protein for very low calories I will tell you I do the Greek style yogurt the fat-free one because I would rather add in some fat from something like freshly ground flax seed meal but what I find is like it is super high in protein I can stir in a little bit of one of my protein shakes in there as well I love especially to use my bone broth protein shake in there and do like give a little vanilla hint to it but it's just an amazing way to get a lot of protein with very low calories plus you could use it where you're going to use mayonnaise or sour cream or some of these other things the other thing we know about Greek style yogurt it is a great source of Lucine and it's very low in lactose so again if this is one if you're Dairy intolerant this may not be a win for you but if you're Dairy intolerant quite often I see that it's not the dairy itself it's actually the casine and you'll get casine in Greek style yogurt so that's not an option but you might be able pull off whey protein isolate because a whey protein isolate has almost no casine so that one might work for you instead now I mentioned bone broth and I love to mix in bone broth protein into Greek style yogurt but if you cannot do Greek style yogurt bone broth protein is a great thing that you can use um as a shake mix so bone broth and bone broth protein are definitely something you want to incorporate into your daily diet and these are ones I get in every single it's so amazing for healing and sealing the gut which of course you got to have a healthy gut to have good nutrient absorption and good overall health and if we're talking just the bone broth itself so first of all great for hydration but you may not have realized this it supports it has natural electrolytes and of course we know those are important for muscle function and Recovery now the big thing about collagen that you hear all the time which bone broth is providing collagen bone bro protein is basically 80% collagen it's the big thing you'll see is it's it's not complete with essential amino acids and that is true I I actually feel the best when I'm eating more grass-fed grass finish beef I probably eat it four times a week and I always go for the lean Cuts I used to be the riye girl I'm like nope not anymore now I stick with fillets tenderloins and um a very lean grass-fed beef and why do I like them for a couple different reasons number one for this CLA now CLA is a type of fat that's been linked to reduce body fat and improve lean muscle mass in fact there's been studies that have shown that people who are eating a CLA Rich diet tend to lose more fat around their belly plus grass Head beef has creatine and carnosine and these are both important for muscle energy metabolism and performance enhancement and like we talked about before with the fish grass-fed beef is also a source of Omega-3s and this is when you compare grass-fed to grain Fed so grass-fed beef's got Omega-3s grain fed beef tends to be more of the AAS the Omega sixes the inflammatory fats so you've got anti-inflammatory fats that help you with Muscle Recovery and muscle growth and reducing inflammation plus as compared to grain-fed beef this type of this beef is so much more nutrient death it's got antioxidants it's got phytonutrients got B vitamins zinc and iron so it's just a power house for you to get I think the final one and the one that tends to get the like boring wrap is chicken breasts but here's the thing with chicken breasts it's like super duper lean so it's a great low calorie protein source so it's like perfect for a little fat loss diet it's easy to cook a bunch and keep it in the the fridge it's got B6 and NY which are crucial for energy metabolism and you know helps your body use fuel food for fuel plus it's a great source of Lucine 30 G of um um chicken protein which is basically 4 ounces of chicken breast is two to 2.5 grams of Lucine eating protein first and especially incorporating these five things that I talked about into your diet it's really a no-brainer when you know all of its amazing benefits for your body composition and your overall health but if you are overwhelmed wondering how you're going to get all that protein in every day you're going to want to join my free 7-Day challenge that's designed to show you how easy it can be and I'm going to send you that if you go to to JJ virgin.com 7day then you'll want to watch this next video where I show you my favorite quick and easy lunches that help me get over 140 grams of protein each [Music] day

  Top Comments:
  1. @sylviacolon1640 [11 likes]: Keep talking as much as you want! I appreciate everything you say! I am learning so much.  There are so.e things I knew; but a lot I didn't know. I am 63 and I'm trying to eat right and lose weight, build more muscle, etc. It's hard because of circumstances and I emotionally eat due to several losses I went through last year. I'm still grieving and constantly stressed  and overwhelmed due to circumstances. I'm also depressed and dealing with excess anxiety. But I keep trying and listening to your very helpful videos. I'm also learning how great intermittent fasting; but of course only if it is done correctly. But I can't do this until I can manage things more.
  2. @cyndicomeaux2986 [9 likes]: It's not to much talking. I'm learning. Thank you.😊
  3. @jjvirginvideos [3 likes]: I Make These 3 High Protein Lunches When I Have No Time: https://youtu.be/4-Y5_bwOMdI
  4. @JoniGallerani [3 likes]: I love your channel!  This information is excellent.  Thank you.
  5. @ladyindigo1649 [2 likes]: Thanks for the tips!❤️🙏🏾
  6. @melaniesalmon2264 [1 likes]: 45 year old here nurse (and mom of four) here. I have been loving your chanel and all of the information you share. Nutrition, fitness and preventative care are topics I’m very passionate about.Thank you so much for these videos (which I’ve been binge watching like crazy)😍 💪
  7. @MarthaGarvey-i7s [1 likes]: Thanks so much for the information. It’s a game changer 😊
  8. @Ginawilliams1003 [1 likes]: What kinda protein food should I eat because I need to lose 82 pounds
  9. @rachaelingram551 [1 likes]: I love the information you give! Thanks for taking the time to explain! As a nurse this helps me know why I am eating what I eat.
  10. @lynnlasak4089 [1 likes]: It’s true no cravings and I’m super full!
  11. @husnicks2012: How many carbs do you recommend ?
  12. @Viv8ldi: Note: omega 3 is anti inflammatory
  13. @melissaevanicki3998: Can you use an OMEGA 3 supplement instead of?
  14. @karenbowers3240: Protein calculator
  15. @shantishanti1949: New sub. Diana age 65 looking forward to the rest of your videos. 👏🏻👏🏻 you look fit and healthy.
  16. @glendagentry5959: TIME! Time is my biggest enemy. If for some reason I oversleep. I am messed up all day.
  17. @alexandra.bodygoals: This is a great video & very important information for women ! 

I am 60 years and i follow this type of lifestyle routine since 28 years 😃 and it works amazing. I am always healthy and in my best shape 

My result 🥰 ➡ WAIST 70 cm HIPS 98 cm 😍 (I am 182 tall) 
Body fat value 21%, lean muscle mass 55.5kg 👍

maybe you know ✅ Our company is promoting 
these concepts around the world since 44 years 

Some say its like a hidden secret, but we are 
the number 1 protein company in the whole world

Have a  great day 💚 and if you like, take a look 👍🏼
  18. @amybenavidez1849: Challenge
  19. @theresatomasello1843: Do you recommend Leucine supplements?
  20. @Chrishc53: Your link for protein do not work

- Calculating A Calorie Deficit For Weight Loss Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en Getting into a calorie deficit isn't as complicated as most people think. I'm gonna explain how you can start calculating a calorie deficit for weight loss. Hi, it's Ivana, helping you get fit healthy and strong at any age. If that sounds good, please subscribe to my channel. A calorie is a unit of energy. So if you wanna lose weight, then you'll want to burn off more calories than your body needs to maintain itself. If you give your body more calories than it needs on a daily basis, then you'll be in a calorie surplus, and you'll start to store fat. There are a lot of strategies for weight loss, but they all rely on getting into a calorie deficit because that's how you lose fat. You don't actually have to calculate a calorie deficit in order to lose weight. And I've got another video coming up where I'm gonna explain another strategy that you can use if you don't wanna calculate. So make sure you subscribe to my channel, but if you do wanna track and monitor your calories so that you know that you're as accurate as you possibly can be. The first thing that you need to do is determine maintenance calories. That's the amount of calories that your body needs just to maintain the weight that you're at right now. Now that means there's gonna be no gain in weight and no loss in weight. And this can vary by about 200 or 300 calories a day. It's kind of a moving target. It's not like your maintenance calories are static. So all the calculations that we're doing here are obviously just an estimate, but they do give you a good guideline to work from. Most of the calculators that you're gonna find online, that help you determine your maintenance calories are going to be a bit of an overestimate. So to keep things simple, I like to use a really easy multiplication: just 13 times, your body weight in pounds, in order to determine your maintenance calories. For someone who's very active, it might be 14 or 15 or 16 times your weight in pounds to determine your maintenance calories. I prefer to stick with that 13 times your body weight in order to get a more conservative estimate. So let's start there. So if you're 180 pounds, your maintenance calories are gonna be about 2,340 calories. How much weight do you wanna lose? So safe and effective weight loss is considered to be about one to two pounds per week. Now I love math, but I know people wanna keep these things as simple as possible. You can also estimate it by saying 0.8 to 1% of your body weight per week. And this is how we account for the fact that someone who's much larger can lose weight faster than someone who's already close to their target weight. If you're 300 pounds, you can safely lose up to three pounds per week. But if you're only at 150 pounds, you probably only wanna lose up to 1.5 pounds per week. You'll probably find that you'll lose weight faster at the beginning when you're a bit heavier and further from your goal than when you get closer to your goal weight. So let's use a very simple example. Let's assume that you wanna lose one pound of weight a week. That's realistic and practical. So that equates to about 3,500 calories per week. That you're going to have to deduct from what you are consuming, or you're gonna have to burn them off. Now, if we divide that by seven days, you're looking at 500 calories per day in order to lose that pound a week. So you'll need a 500 calorie deficit per day in order to lose a pound a week. Changing your diet alone will work really well if you're on the heavier side. So let's say you weigh about 250 pounds. That means that your maintenance calories would be 3250 calories per day. Dropping 500 calories a day from your diet means that you've been consuming 2,750 calories per day. And that's pretty reasonable. That's a decent amount of food, but let's say you're a smaller person who only weighs 150 pounds. That means that your maintenance calories are 1,950. And if you wanted lower that by 500 calories in order to get that deficit, then you're down to 1,450 calories a day. And that's not a lot. There's a general minimum energy intake that we consider to be reasonably healthy in order to provide your body with the micronutrients. And that's the vitamins and minerals that you need in order to keep functioning and to keep healthy for men, we consider that lower range 1800 calories per day. And for women, it would be about 1200 calories per day. And that's the absolute minimum of calories that you should be consuming. So forget those 800 calorie a day diets. Please! If you don't weigh as much, and you're a smaller person, it's a little bit more challenging to lose weight. That's also why as you lose weight, it becomes harder and harder. There's only so many calories you can drop down to. It's easier to lose weight when you have more weight to lose. So if you have 50 pounds to lose, you're gonna find those first 30 or 40 pounds a lot easier to take off than the last 10 pounds. When you get closer to your target weight, you're gonna have to fine tune things a little bit more when you get relatively lean. And I'm gonna talk about how someone who's more advanced and very close to their goal can make changes. Ideally, you wanna use a combination of diet and exercise in order to produce weight loss. So you want to reduce your calories in and increase your calories out. When I do online coaching, I tend to look at both sides of the equation for each particular person. And I wanna find the way that's going to be easiest for that person. What's going to be the best way of them achieving the calorie deficit. And what's gonna cause them the lowest amount of discomfort to change. Being more active can certainly increase your calorie deficit and help you to lose weight. But there's a limit on that. And it's gonna depend on whether you are currently sedentary, whether you're moderately active or you're very active already. So if you're inactive right now, mostly sedentary in your job, and you're not doing any workouts or formal exercise, then you have the most space in order to increase the calorie deficit through your physical activity. If you're moderately active, there's certain things you can play with. But if you're already very active in that you're walking a lot. You have, let's say three to five workout sessions in the gym every week. There isn't as much for you to work with. And chances are, if you are that active, you're gonna be fairly close to your target weight anyway. So that means you have to be much more specific and you'll probably need to track your calories more carefully in order to make sure that you continue to be in a calorie deficit and get leaner. So let's go back to that 500 calorie a day deficit that we want. And ideally, as I said, it's best to split those up 250 calories of activity, and then reducing our caloric intake by about 250 calories per day. So you can burn off those 250 calories a day through a formal workout. It'll probably take about 45 minutes. I mean, a lot of this depends on your body weight and how intense you are with the physical activity that you're doing. If you're working harder, you're gonna burn more calories. If you're working longer, So let's say you're at the gym or working out at home three to five days a week. That's probably going to be enough for those days. And on alternate days, you can also increase your activity by walking, let's say 30 to 45 minutes. You might not have time to do your workout and walking on the same day, but you wanna make sure that you're trying to burn off approximately 250 calories a day. If you're very busy during the week and just attempt to walk for about 30 minutes a day, and then you can make up some of that calorie burn on the weekend, because we're really looking at a weekly goal of 3,500 calories. If you don't burn off any additional calories one day, you can make them up on another day. But don't get too carried away and just do nothing for five days and then hope that you're going to be able to make up the activity on the weekend. That's not likely to work. I personally like to do additional activity on the weekends, whether it's going for a walk or doing some kind of sport with my family. That's how I burn off additional calories, probably more than I have time to do during the week. So if you're playing tennis for an hour, you're going for a long hike or a long bike ride, then potentially you could burn off 500 calories on a Saturday and 500 calories on Sunday. That also means that you won't have to worry about reducing your caloric intake on the weekend so much. And that tends to be when a lot of people over eat or at least eat a little bit more in a calorie surplus, and don't get that deficit just from their nutrition. Now, reducing your calories in by 250 calories a day, generally, isn't that hard to do. If you have a donut, you just skip that donut for the day. Sometimes those can be 300 calories. So reducing the amount of treat foods overall during the week and then on the weekends as well, can help just whittle those calories down. You only need to reduce your calorie intake by 250 calories. If you are doing additional exercise as well. Once you've been in a calorie deficit of approximately 3,500 calories a week for about three weeks, that's when you wanna make sure that you check your progress. I mean, you do wanna monitor along the way. It is helpful to weigh yourself. It is helpful to take a look at how your clothes fit, whether you feel leaner, whether you see any difference in the mirror, remember that there are natural variations in your weight from day to day or week to week. So you don't always wanna get caught up just with the weight loss. If you start to see changes leanness in your arms, your legs, particularly around the waist, that tends to be a good indicator for a lot of people. Then your calorie deficit is likely working and you can keep it going. Now you might have to make adjustments. If you don't see any of those changes. If after two to three weeks, you're really not seeing any signs of progress. And you've been trying to eliminate those 500 calories per day. Then you want to adjust and work your way down. It doesn't actually mean that you're doing a greater calorie deficit. Chances are that your estimates are a bit off. Maybe you're forgetting certain things that you're eating. Maybe you're not burning off as many calories because you're not pushing yourself as hard as you can during your workout. Or maybe you're not walking at the pace that you think you're walking. Remember that everything is always an estimate. So if you are not seeing changes, then it means you've estimated incorrectly. If you've actually been tracking and monitoring your calories with an app, like myfitnesspal, where on a day to day basis, you're entering in all your food and you see that the numbers are where you think your calorie deficit should be. Whether you've decided to go 500 calories less per day, because it made sense for you or whether you've decided to reduce your calorie intake by 250 calories a day, and then burn off an additional 250 calories through physical activity. You're going to see if you're in the right calorie deficit based on the results that you're achieving. So you may not be entering the foods correctly, or you might not be getting the quantities, correct. Or you just might be missing something, perhaps there's fats and sauces and things that you're not adding to your totals. So that's when it pays to take a closer look and start to bring those calories down again. I've already mentioned that it takes more effort as you get closer to your target weight. So if you're down to the last five or 10 pounds of fat that you wanna lose, you wanna get quite lean, then you really have to be specific. Maybe you need to be more focused on the intensity of your cardio so that you know that you're getting it high enough, or you need to go a little bit longer with your cardio sessions, or you need a weight training workout that's pushing you a little bit harder. So there are a lot of different ways that you can approach both sides of it for the calorie side. It tends to be just trying to be much more accurate and absolutely everything that you eat has to go into the app so that you can have an accurate number. And if it seems like you're doing that, but you're still not getting the result, then it looks like you might just be one of those people who needs a lower calorie intake in order to lose weight. And that's what you'll have to do unless you decide to work a little bit harder, add an extra workout each week, do a little bit more walking. It's always up to you how much you want to do. I just prefer the mix of nutrition and exercise because it's just a healthy, balanced lifestyle. It tends to go together. It makes you feel better. It is possible to do just diet alone or just to exercise alone. Although exercise alone is very challenging and you need to commit to working out quite a lot most days in order to burn off sufficient calories. Let me know in the comments, if there's anything you didn't understand, or if you'd like me to help you figure out your calorie deficit correctly. Please hit the like button. If this video is helpful, it helps my channel reach more people. And subscribe and hit the bell for more science based weight loss information.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RickS_m550i [17 likes]: To add on to what she is saying, there are online calorie deficit calculators.  You want to eat 3-4 times a day, smaller meals instead of 1-2 huge ones.  Walking 5000+ steps a day, lifting weights (or body weight exercises) 3 times a week, and drinking more water.  Weight is frustrating, because your weight will alternate a few times day.  Start doing active steps to lose weight, and remember it is a long term thing, it's not going to happen next week!
  2. @sarraphelps [3 likes]: 307x 13 is definitely not my maintenance calories
  3. @stephaniehazelx [2 likes]: so i am currently 1800 to maintain but i’ve been consuming around 1400. i’ve been going to the gym everyday for 3 weeks and my scale weight hasn’t changed but i can see more definition in my body. can you explain why i am not losing?
  4. @inthegarden1054 [1 likes]: Why times it by 13?  What does the 13 mean?
  5. @joesielskisr4911: I'm 76 years old weight 206 at 15 years old am I stuck
  6. @BIGMACZ617: subscribed ✅ - 340 to 250 in 5 months on calorie deficit and walking, looking forward to more of your videos 
(baby yoda sold me)
  7. @an-gstone4556: thanku so much fo the info,im 205 trying to get to 150 lbs trying to understand how to calculate my calorie deficit thanku
  8. @briandupuis851: I googled a" tdee" calculator  .used 4 of them .the top 4 on list..used same inputs.age weight height exercise etc.and all 4 gave diff numbers..varying from 1900 to 2500 .and your 13x body weight is different number #5.so wtf does one do
  9. @julieth8014: According to this, I would need to only consume 1034 calories to lose 1 lb. That's basically starvation. hmmmmm
  10. @kassandraescobedo5040: Can u help me with that
  11. @98krishnakumar: I have a question regarding calorie deficit.  I have been in a 400 calories deficit per day for the past 3 months.  The approach I take to estimating the calorie deficit is to track my total calories burnt in a day as indicated by my Garmin (breaks it between resting and active calories) and tracking the calories consumed using an app.    So what the above means is that in days when I am more active say have a workout at the gym, (and hence my total calorie burnt  is appx 300 calories more than on non workout days) I eat a little more calories than the non exercise days.  Is this way of maintaining deficit correct?
  12. @lilashes2010: So is this correct am trying to figure it out so am 233 pounds 13x233  =3,029 then -500  ( 2,529 ) ? 😅
  13. @Fullmoonrisingtarot: The details you provided are very helpful. I struggle to lose weight.
  14. @nellielee2915: I’m watching your video a year later, my weight was 209 then, and now my weight is 172, I remain on the 1200 calorie diet but I’m still struggling and been in a stall for the last 4 month losing and gaining the same 1-2 lbs 😢my body is so tired, I just can’t increase my workout, I do aerobics five days a week two of those days I had strength training with it and for the last two weeks I have also added a 30 minute walk in the mornings I don’t know if I would lose if I raise my calories higher than 1200 calorie, I tried that some months ago, but I started to gain weight 😮
  15. @nellielee2915: I’m watching your video a year later, my weight was 209 then, and now my weight is 172, I remain on the 1200 calorie diet but I’m still struggling and been in a stall for the last 4 month losing and gaining the same 1-2 lbs 😢my body is so tired, I just can’t increase my workout, I do aerobics five days a week two of those days I had strength training with it and for the last two weeks I have also added a 30 minute walk in the mornings I don’t know if I would lose if I raise my calories higher than 1200 calorie, I tried that some months ago, but I started to gain weight 😮
  16. @TeeRivas: I weigh 235lbs and have been eating at a deficit of 1500 calories and burning on average 400 calories a day by exercising but i have not lost weight...i dont understand what im doing wrong??
  17. @TioNachosweightpile: Thank you. Great information!
  18. @julieD1215: Thank you
  19. @chrissybackes1942: My metabolism always has been slower and I always had to eat 1200-1300 calories in order to lose weight 
I hired a dietitian and I got off eating very low calories and I found myself in a surplus 
I gained 10 lbs in one month 
So I put myself in a calorie deficit of 1900 calories I am a runner 3X a week I run just under and hour and I burn 650-692 calories with my run
The other days I do a home workout and burn around 400 calories 
I weight 182 pounds now and I want to lose weight and my goal is 160lbs 
How can you encourage me
Is it possible to eat that much and lose weight or will I always have to eat low calorie 
I don’t have a gallbladder but I’m on 2 supplements to help with digestion and etc..
  20. @alliegurl612: I’m consuming 1200 cal per day. My maintenance is 3300 cal

- 3-Day EATING PLAN to Start or Restart Low Carb Dieting: Kind: captions Language: en-US Whether you got off track or your&nbsp; low carb diet failed to launch,&nbsp;&nbsp; having a plan keeps you from spinning your wheels. This video shares a simple and&nbsp; specific eating plan that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can follow for the next three days&nbsp; to jumpstart your low carb success. [Intro Music] I am often asked to be specific&nbsp; and mention actual foods to eat.&nbsp;&nbsp; The challenge in doing this for a worldwide&nbsp; audience is that the food choices will not&nbsp;&nbsp; work for everyone. If you prefer a plant-based&nbsp; diet or have food restrictions, I am sorry that&nbsp;&nbsp; this video is not for you. However, I have many&nbsp; videos you can benefit from on my channel page. When you switch to a low carb diet, what&nbsp; you do not eat is as important as what you&nbsp;&nbsp; do eat. You want to avoid foods that stimulate&nbsp; your appetite and eat foods that quiet hunger.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's start with what to avoid. Sugar is quick energy. When you eat it, it&nbsp; gives you an energy boost that feels good.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is one of the reasons eating sugar&nbsp; makes you want to keep eating sugar. The&nbsp;&nbsp; problem is that you cannot survive on&nbsp; a high-sugar diet. Although some of us,&nbsp;&nbsp; including my former self, have given it a good&nbsp; try. At some point, you will not feel good. Ironically, getting away from sugar can&nbsp; also lead to ill feelings. When you go from&nbsp;&nbsp; a high-sugar diet to no sugar, your blood&nbsp; sugar crashes, your energy level plummets,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you may even feel shaky. This happens because&nbsp; the human body runs on what it has available. When&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar is constantly coming in, your body runs on&nbsp; sugar. When you go low carb, you cut out sugar,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it must use an alternate energy source.&nbsp; The good news is that the alternative is fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you will become a better fat burner. The&nbsp; temporary bad news is that it will take time&nbsp;&nbsp; for your body to create the enzymes and pathways&nbsp; needed to efficiently burn fat for energy. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; your energy level will drop before it goes up,&nbsp; but this transition is well worth the effort. For the next three days, you want to&nbsp; eliminate added sugar. Specifically,&nbsp;&nbsp; avoid packaged foods and drinks with sugar&nbsp; listed as one of the first three ingredients.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is a long list because it includes nearly&nbsp; all of the ultra-processed foods out there. And&nbsp;&nbsp; unfortunately, ultra-processed foods make up&nbsp; over half of the total calories Americans eat. So, this one rule eliminates a lot of foods,&nbsp; which is okay because those are the foods that&nbsp;&nbsp; make us sick and fat. And you want to keep&nbsp; in mind that sugar goes by many names. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if the food has corn syrup, dextrose,&nbsp; maltodextrin, fruit juice concentrate, sucrose,&nbsp;&nbsp; or another sugar alias listed as one of the first&nbsp; three ingredients, leave it at the grocery store.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you are unsure if sugar is hidden in a food,&nbsp; assume that it is and leave it at the store. A piece of fruit has natural sugar.&nbsp; That is okay because the sugar is&nbsp;&nbsp; locked within the fibrous portions of&nbsp; the fruit, slowing its absorption. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you do not have to stop eating fruit of any&nbsp; variety to follow this 3-day eating plan. Two things that you will want to&nbsp; avoid, in addition to added sugar,&nbsp;&nbsp; are bread and breaded foods. You can find&nbsp; bread that has "zero net carbs" listed on&nbsp;&nbsp; the label or no sugar added. However, these&nbsp; commercial products do not deliver on the&nbsp;&nbsp; promise they make. Bread, along with breaded&nbsp; and fried foods, stimulate your appetite,&nbsp;&nbsp; defeating the overarching goal of this preparation&nbsp; period which is to feel in control of your eating. As you get more sophisticated with&nbsp; your low carb diet, you will find&nbsp;&nbsp; ways to make acceptable homemade versions&nbsp; of these foods, but save that until you&nbsp;&nbsp; feel in control of your eating, and you&nbsp; will be much happier with your results. Speaking of homemade. Home cooking&nbsp; is a key to successfully launching&nbsp;&nbsp; or relaunching your low carb&nbsp; diet, and it does not need to&nbsp;&nbsp; be complicated or time-consuming. So&nbsp; let's start building our eating plan. Start by hard-boiling six eggs. You will eat&nbsp; two each day. When you eat them is up to you.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you'd like to have breakfast, eat them in&nbsp; the morning. If you like to shorten your eating&nbsp;&nbsp; window to practice intermittent fasting,&nbsp; you can have them as an afternoon snack. Here again, this plan contains specific&nbsp; foods that do not work for everyone. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you can eat eggs, they just are not&nbsp; your favorite, I encourage you to still&nbsp;&nbsp; give this plan a try. The foods I am&nbsp; including were selected because they&nbsp;&nbsp; stabilize your blood sugar and satisfy&nbsp; hunger for hours. That stability has a&nbsp;&nbsp; calming effect, so you do not need to rely&nbsp; on willpower to feel in control of eating. Lunch is a large salad with protein, fat,&nbsp; and some fiber. The reason a salad works&nbsp;&nbsp; so well is because there is a lot to eat,&nbsp; so your stomach is filled with non-starchy&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables that take a long time to digest. Salad&nbsp; is also the perfect base for adding protein, fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; and fiber. All four of these elements, volume,&nbsp; protein, fat, and fiber, give you sustained&nbsp;&nbsp; hunger control and blood sugar stability, which&nbsp; sets you up for success with your low carb diet. I have a recipe for my typical lunchtime&nbsp; salad, and I will provide a link in the&nbsp;&nbsp; description area below this video.&nbsp; If you just want to build your own,&nbsp;&nbsp; good salad toppers include slices of avocados,&nbsp; raw nuts and seeds, cheese, meat, fish, chicken,&nbsp;&nbsp; and full-fat salad dressing, which can&nbsp; be as simple as olive oil and vinegar. For dinner, you are going for the same&nbsp; hunger-satisfaction effect that you&nbsp;&nbsp; went for at lunch. Therefore, you want to have an&nbsp;&nbsp; entree that contains protein and fat and&nbsp; a side dish that adds volume and fiber. For this plan, make my Easy Keto&nbsp; Chicken Tenders. Meal prep is as&nbsp;&nbsp; easy as putting all of the ingredients in a&nbsp; bag, smooshing them together, and dumping them&nbsp;&nbsp; onto a baking sheet. I will link to the free&nbsp; downloadable recipe in the description area. With that recipe, I share how to make&nbsp; an easy side dish using a bag of frozen&nbsp;&nbsp; broccoli topped with cheese. It is simple&nbsp; to prepare because all you need to do is&nbsp;&nbsp; follow the directions on the bag and add&nbsp; butter and cheese. For that small effort,&nbsp;&nbsp; you add hunger-satisfying volume,&nbsp; fat, and fiber to your meal. You can make life simple by making a double&nbsp; batch of chicken tenders and eating them each&nbsp;&nbsp; day or mix up dinnertime by buying a frozen&nbsp; package of hamburgers and cooking them to have&nbsp;&nbsp; on one or two of the days. Yes, quality matters&nbsp; and grass-fed beef is your best choice, but if&nbsp;&nbsp; that is a barrier for you, look for 100% ground&nbsp; beef burgers so you can get yourself started. The burger will be eaten without a bun. You&nbsp; can wrap it in lettuce leaves if you would&nbsp;&nbsp; like to pick it up and add tomato, onion, and&nbsp; pickles. There are low-sugar ketchup varieties,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you will still be better off going&nbsp; with low-carb condiments, like mustard and&nbsp;&nbsp; real mayonnaise, preferably made with&nbsp; avocado oil, like Primal Kitchen brand.&nbsp;&nbsp; Miracle Whip is not a good choice because&nbsp; it is made with high fructose corn syrup. If you would like a different&nbsp; side dish than broccoli,&nbsp;&nbsp; pick up a bag of green beans and prepare&nbsp; them using the package directions. Will these be the most exciting meals? No. But&nbsp; they taste good, control your blood sugar and&nbsp;&nbsp; hunger, and fill your stomach, which takes&nbsp; us to the next part of our plan, eat enough. We have been conditioned to equate&nbsp; dieting with low calories. Calories&nbsp;&nbsp; are an important consideration for weight&nbsp; loss. However, cutting calories to eat less&nbsp;&nbsp; of the same appetite-stimulating foods&nbsp; leaves you with nothing but misery,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we do not keep doing things that make&nbsp; us miserable, at least not voluntarily. The goal of this 3-day plan is to prepare your&nbsp; body for weight loss. This should be looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; as a time to help your body feel comfortable.&nbsp; That comfort comes when your blood sugar and&nbsp;&nbsp; hunger hormone levels are stable. That stability&nbsp; comes from eating whole foods that have volume,&nbsp;&nbsp; protein, fat, and fiber. If I sound&nbsp; like a broken record, it is intentional. During this 3-day period, eat big portions&nbsp; at mealtimes. Salad fits in this bowl,&nbsp;&nbsp; top it with 4 to 6 ounces of meat, along with the&nbsp; other toppers that I mentioned and that you enjoy. Dinner, if you want an extra portion,&nbsp; eat it. Do not eat dessert. You want to&nbsp;&nbsp; utilize this prep period to move away from&nbsp; the idea that dessert must follow a meal. Those two hard-boiled eggs can be eaten as a&nbsp; small meal before lunch or in the afternoon,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you have three eating occasions during the&nbsp; day. While it might not always be possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; work on eating enough at mealtimes and eliminate&nbsp; snacking in between. But if you need something,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have videos on low carb and keto&nbsp; snacks. A few choices include raw or&nbsp;&nbsp; lightly toasted almonds, cheese,&nbsp; and no-sugar-added beef sticks. Diets often fail because they are&nbsp; a knee-jerk reaction to something.&nbsp;&nbsp; For instance, a friend says, Do you&nbsp; want to go on a diet with me? "Or,&nbsp;&nbsp; you feel uncomfortable in your body&nbsp; and say to yourself, enough is enough." Those moments can initiate action, but if you&nbsp; do not have a plan in place, it is easy to get&nbsp;&nbsp; sidetracked, eat too little, or eat the wrong&nbsp; foods. One day of this uncertainty is okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Two days can be managed with willpower, but&nbsp; more than that leads to havoc and misery,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the diet fails before&nbsp; the rewards are realized. This 3-day eating plan will get you to the&nbsp; starting line. A well-thought-out low carb&nbsp;&nbsp; diet can get you to the ultimate prize, which&nbsp; is a new way of eating that is easy-to-follow,&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoyable, and effective. When&nbsp; those three E's are in place,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is no need or desire&nbsp; to return to old habits. If you need more motivation and direction&nbsp; to get started, download my free 0,1,2,3&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy. It gives you the basics of the eating&nbsp; plan we just discussed and comes with a video&nbsp;&nbsp; series that is not available on YouTube that&nbsp; explains how to get those three E's in place.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can get those resources by going&nbsp; to DrBeckyFitness.com/Free. Thanks&nbsp;&nbsp; for watching, and have a great rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @unnamable465 [5 likes]: Can of coconut 🥥 milk with 2 avocados, oregano and salt, blend for salad dressing, chicken tender dip, or on a burger patty yum!!!! Add shaves almonds anytime u can to food and ground chia seeds!
  2. @alisonwilke4041 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr. Becky straight and to the point.  Will start this tomorrow 😀
  3. @bernadette6211 [1 likes]: Thankyou so much for this advice, its just what I need to get back on track❤
  4. @SLAYpookie9: Wayyyyy off track, thanks for making this!!!!
  5. @rhondarodriguez5503: What is you have high cholesterol… can you still follow this diet?
  6. @maximanow: only two eggs for breakfast?
coffee?
  7. @louisesteyn8064: You aare such a gem!  Thank you!
  8. @Milomuffin771: Low carb eating gives me insomnia.
  9. @liztrice2942: link for chicken
  10. @AdaIGutierrez-si6dd: Can I eat beans?
  11. @gsteel9408: I love your advice....... not to mention, you are nice to watch
  12. @AngelaSeeksWisdom: My angst here is WHAT IS THE DEFINITION OF LOW CARB FOR THE PURPOSES OF THIS VIDEO????   0 GRAMS...20 GRAMS...100 GRAMS...1,000 GRAMS???
  13. @susanjivoini6330: What about Ezekiel bread
  14. @Avagardner2608: If you can it eggs… eat eggs… funny
  15. @empirenimpact: i make my bread. Now I need to avoid?
  16. @sadiakhalid5779: I want to ask is chowing gum break internment fasting?
  17. @paulab984: There's nothing that controls the use of the labeling of beef as "grass fed"?  Corn is a type of grass.  I know of a highly touted "grass fed"  beef brand in my area that is simply corn fed beef that is put on pasture grass for a period so the label "grass fed" is true even though it is misleading.  Nothing controls the use of the terminology of "organic" products either.🎉
  18. @lyf808: What about bread from amish village?
  19. @sharglickman8214: How about if you’re not looking to lose weight but just want to lower carbs from the simple ones to the more complex ones. Also is it possible to go not full on but mid way to start, like maybe cutting out bread for some meals not all. Bread is such a problem in the supermarket. I want to get rid of sugar as it’s useless but this is challenging as it’s everywhere and I think that in the past I didn’t recognize all the other names for it. I know some now . I live in Canada and I wonder if the dietary guidelines are different to yours. Thanks
  20. @ameliahorn1: Your voice is so soothing. Thank you for making this so simple. I love cheese, salad, and apples. I believe i can do this.

- My Diet as a Nutritionist Expert to Build Muscle and Lose Weight—For Women Over 50: Kind: captions Language: en as a woman over 50 what you eat can literally make or break your results now I've spent years fine tuning the perfect diet to stay strong to stay lean and stay energized which is most important let's be honest and now I'm going to share my secrets with you if you are tired of struggling struggling to lose that body fat struggling to stay energized struggling to put on some muscle stay tuned this is for you let's start first with breakfast this became so controversial who knew that it could be you've heard about intermittent fasting and skipping breakfast and I say that should be a no-go mom was right the most important meal of the day is breakfast and here is why actually there was just a study that came out that showed that people who skipped breakfast or ate a high carb breakfast you know that skinny latte and the muffin that you get when you go out to the Starbucks those people were at a higher risk for obesity than people who ate a high protein breakfast so listen to what I just said if you eat a high protein breakfast versus no breakfast you are better off you're at a higher risk of obesity if you skip breakfast why a couple different reasons now when you're eating that high protein breakfast first thing that's going to happen is you're going to have great satiety remember protein really is that satiety macronutrient that helps you feel Fuller longer helps reduce Cravings in fact there's something called the first meal effect that when you eat that it sets the metabolic tone for the day so when you eat protein at breakfast coupled with some healthy fats which generally come along with that protein source and a little bit of say a slow low carb so easy thing would be maybe Greek style yogurt with some of my bone broth protein powder stirred in couple little bit of freshly ground flax seed meal and some berries now you've got the satiety Trifecta protein fats and fiber that are going to give you nice slow steady blood sugar response no spikes and dumps for you and you're going to feel Fuller longer and it's going to set you up for making good choices on your second meal so this is super important and we know that people who eat during the normal circadian rhythm so you wake up in the morning give your body time to wake up go out see the sunshine you're going to drop that melatonin raise cortisol and wake your body up get your pancreas ready to secrete insulin so you eat breakfast maybe 2 hours after that and now you eat the majority of your calories during the light when you're most active you are going to be better off as well so rule number one make breakfast a high protein Bonanza don't skip it so what happens after breakfast well most likely you're going to eat lunch or a midm morning meal at some point now in between breakfast and lunch what would I love you to be doing working out would be a great one and getting in a lot of fluids especially some water water with electrolytes and now we're moving into your midday meal now when I look at your overall macronutrients for the day I'm going to look at a couple different things number one I want to make sure that you get enough protein in the morning because you're you're stopping that overnight fast we want to get you out of being catabolic breaking down and into anabolic building up so that is getting somewhere in the 30 to 40 grams of protein i' push to the higher amount especially if you are over 50 or eating more plant-based diet so you get the beautiful essential amino acids that you need and then looking at getting at least 100 gram of protein overall but really more like 7 to 1 gram per pound of Target body weight we know you need to push to the higher amount if you are over 40 or 50 if you're working on building muscle if you've got more muscle mass if you're more plant-based so then we're going to divide that throughout the day again make sure you get what you need in the morning and then when you think of your midday meal what I like to think about is focusing again on that satiety Trifecta so eating protein first and then making sure that you're getting in some non-starchy vegetables little bit of slow low carbs and then some healthy fats I'll tell you what this looks like for me my big hack cuz I don't love to cook is to make sure that whatever protein we make for dinner the night before we make extra of so that we have it for lunch the next day makes it super simple so let's say that we had some grilled chicken thighs the night before I always make sure we have extra so lunch is an easy one for me I'm either going to make a big salad and I love a ro Ula and then things like radishes and green onions and cherry tomatoes so I'll either do something like that or I use some leftover vegetables from the night before when I'm making something like a cauliflower peel off I always make extra of that cuz it's such an easy thing to reheat to stir some protein into and I have a really super easy lunch you can also do that with some bone broth throw in your left over vegetables throwing in your leftover protein and you have an easy soup protein Rich soup for lunch so my lunch is always leftover protein right and if I don't have leftover protein then I'm going to pop something like a can of vusa salmon or a tuna from vital choice or something like that so leftover protein loads of non-starchy vegetables a little bit of something like extra virgin olive oil or a little avocado so I make sure I'm getting some healthy fats in there and then I like to do some berries there as well especially if I worked out I always feel like I need to get some slow low carbs in there to really help crank the glycogen back into my muscles so I have energy for the next time I work out all right your final meal of the day is dinner now I love that philosophy you've heard it eat breakfast like a king and lunch like a prince and dinner like a popper I think it makes a ton of sense we really want to think of eating by the Circadian rhythm so eating a bunch late at night is a nogo for a variety of reasons number one if you eat too close close to bed now you're going to sleep your pancreas has has been going to sleep too you're not secreting insulin like you need to and all of a sudden you're overloading your body you'll see in the morning that your blood sugar is higher and that your sleep was disrupted so we really want to give at least 2 hours before bed more is better in my perfect world it would be 3 to 4 hours with a walk after dinner to improve digestion that's really what we're trying to do it's lowering the blood sugar response to the meal sure but it's really improving digestion it's a moderate walk it's helping you get ready for sleep as well if you do this correctly you can see how easy it is to get a 12 to 14 hour overnight fast because you ate about 2 hours after waking up in the morning you stop eating 2 to 4 hours before bed so it's very easy to get that done if you're hungry before bed guess what have a glass of water it shuts down 100% of dieters hunger pangs in a study that was done I think got of wash you okay so that's the first part next part big question would be well what the heck should I eat I talked about the importance of starting the day with a good bolus of protein eating it first so that we can get you out of being catabolic and into being anabolic I really think of breakfast and dinner as my bumper meals where I want to make sure that I'm really reinforcing 30 to 40 grams of protein or more so that I stay anabolic for as long as possible so for me dinner looks a lot like lunch just a little bit smaller version of it and I also like to get a little bit of slow low carbs there I found that it helps me with sleep so this could be things like lentils legumes beets or again some berries so simple easy stuff here's the way that I make this really easy for myself again I am busy and I don't love cooking my husband makes the protein by the way so he's always in charge of making the wild salmon or the Chilean sea bass or the pastured chicken thighs or the grass-fed finish beef so he makes that piece and if we don't have protein by the way one of our easy things we do is we do uh very lean grass-fed beef burgers for lunch and we'll make extra for the next day so he makes that and I'll make the veggies so I keep in the freezer Frozen cauliflower frozen broccoli rice um a bunch of different frozen organic vegetables and then in the fridge I always have broccoli green beans brussel sprouts um I always keep onions but I don't have them in the fridge they're in the pantry a variety of them yellow and red and mushrooms a lot of mushrooms I'm big mushroom fan I have them in the freezer as well and then of course in the pantry we keep all of our legumes and we'll keep some wild rice and then we also have a variety of different types of pastas like the Shirataki pasta noodles so we always have that stuff around makes it easy I get fresh berries I also have frozen berries so that it's never hard to put this all together the key thing here is shut that kitchen down after dinner and again if you want something try that glass of water or try something like an evening caffeine-free free tea that can taste like dessert they've got amazing flavors like chocolate cream Etc I learned that one when I went to calavita to speak this great Spa in California and they serve these dessert teas at night and it just it just is so satiating and helps you sleep as well let's talk about wine now I've jokingly said that my favorite food groups are coffee and wine and left in my own devices I would probably end up drinking drinking more coffee and wine and basically like limiting how much I ate of food but I don't do that and here's why let's go to coffee before we go to Wine I'm the fortunate fast caffeine metabolizer so I can actually metabolize caffeine very well but even so I like to shut it off at noon you might be someone has to shut it off at 9:00 a.m. depends on how quickly you uh metabolize it if you are not sure I would start by shutting it off at 9:00 and then you can play around and watch your auring to see how you do now let's talk wine if you are drinking wine in the perfect world you'd be better off having a glass in the afternoon or with lunch now I'll tell you going to Europe I've never understood how they do that I have a glass of wine at lunch and I want a nap but maybe I think they do take afternoon naps maybe that's why um but let's say you want a glass of wine with dinner I think the important thing is you just said with dinner and not before bed which would be very problematic in in terms of getting that great 12 to 14 hour fast a glass of wine at bedtime is not only going to interrupt that fasting time but it's also going to interrupt your sleep and I think what we have to do with wine is really have a uh serious look at how it impacts your sleep if you are drinking wine I'm going to shout out to my buddies over at dry Farm wine so shout out to Todd and David because this is lower alcohol wine so it won't have as big of an impact but let's be honest about the wine situation I used to always say get it for the Reser trol well you'd have to have like bottles of wine to get enough for cerrol so that that ship sunk sadly if you want to drink wine keep it to a glass monitor your Aur ring and see how you do um I have been doing very little wine I will tell you because I noticed such a massive change in my aura ring so I might be having one or two glasses a month versus one or two glasses a day so I think this is where what you measure and monitor you can improve and if you are going to check this out on your aura ring the first thing I would tell you to do is get off of wine for at least a week kind of give yourself a clean reset and longer is better there's a reason people do dry januaries and sober Octobers and then go in and check it out sort of like The Virgin Diet where you do an Elimination Diet you pull all the foods out the dairy the gluten the corn the eggs the soy the peanuts the sugar and artificial sweeteners you leave them out for at least 3 weeks and then you go back one by one and see how you feel I would say to do the same thing with alcohol and see how you feel because I think what you're going to find is that it can really really mess up your sleep and that can then trigger this whole host of issues like insulin resistance more hunger poor energy difficulty putting on muscle and it just may not be worth it I want to empower you with your aging that means I want you to age powerfully and so how do you do that well first thing you need to do is subscribe to the channel and like this video and then check out the next video in the series

  Top Comments:
  1. @gamecrusher2024 [5 likes]: I laugh when I hear the term "skipping breakfast". The word, breakfast, only means that you are breaking your fast. So, if you skipped your breakFAST, you would never eat! You can't skip breakfast. Your breakfast is just the 1st meal that you eat in a day. Whether that is 8am, or 8pm, that is your breakfast 😂
  2. @lindasilva5098 [3 likes]: I make homemade  oatbran muffins  with flax seed chia seeds, bananas selenium   , cranberries
  3. @TriciaHarper-f6f [3 likes]: I can’t skip breakfast but thank you for telling me what’s the best thing to eat for breakfast I’m 42 and I’m really trying to loose fat and gain muscle
  4. @cathyjennings5580 [3 likes]: Need to capture ENERGETIC ACTIVE FLOW.!!! THANKS for putting your knowledge out here to explore 😮😮❤😂 EAT WELL!!! EASY WEAR EVER GOOD FAST.   😊😢😮😂❤😅😅😅😅❤😊  AN EMPTY SPACE INSIDE my gut : STOMACH 😢😮😢
  5. @aliciamckillop2738 [2 likes]: this woman has experience , knowledge and education yet I lost all respect for her when she says walking isn’t exercise. It absolutely is and it is enough for some people. I’m 57. I have three kids. I’m 53 I weigh 105 pounds. I’m very healthy. I’m on zero medications and have never been on any. I’ve never been sick or hospitalized. Never missed a day of work and I still work 40 hours a week. I just had a physical have zero health issues. My blood work is perfect. My blood pressure is perfect. The only thing I do other walking is light handweights dumbbells, and a kettlebell but I’m not obsessed with it. I eat very healthy and just use common sense. I’m a nurse so I do have some knowledge. I watch my calories and my macros. I don’t do any intermittent fasting nonsense or keto or plant based only craziness. I will never go carb free. 
I swear a lot of these influencers they don’t realize but they are in themselves are disordered eating
  6. @rhondamcgee2114 [2 likes]: Good morning JJ.  I follow you and follow much of your advice on supplements, and I am trying to prioritize strength building with weights.  I just turned 58 and as I mentioned in a comment on another video, thankfully I have no bone loss at this point and relatively high muscle mass.  I purchased a Renpho scale (on your advice) and it shows my body fat is high, so I’m working on that, but it’s BMI, so I’m not sure it’s a completely accurate picture given my other measurements.  I have been living a fasting lifestyle (20 hours) for the last year.  It helped me to lose about 35 pounds-I still want to lose about 10 more, but I’m ok where I am-especially if I get going on the muscle building.  I do think the fasting helped me with some things other than losing weight, but now that I am much happier with where I am overall, I am struggling with whether to continue with the 20 hour fast so this video is perfect timing.  I know I am not getting enough protein.  My eating window is 4 PM - 8 PM- give or take 30 minutes to an hour.  I work full time as a middle school teacher, so fasting is easy.  We only get a 30 minute lunch and my lunch period is at 10:22 AM.   When I break my fast after school around 4-5 o’clock, I try to do it with protein.  It is usually cottage cheese with some Greek yogurt.  After that I am so satiated it is hard for me to eat much more.  Around 6:30 we’ll have our evening meal which always includes protein, vegetables and a healthy carb, but again, I cannot eat much.   I have thought about reducing my fasting window or eliminating it, but it has been so easy for me and the only thing I’ve done that helped me lose weight and keep it off (even ebbing and flowing in and out so I didn’t miss out on my life), eliminate food worry and overall eliminate stress.  I’m afraid if I go away from a fasting lifestyle I will gain the weight back.  I agree with the wine or any alcohol, but I know for a fact that it affects my sleep and my weight.  I haven’t completely eliminated it, but I drink much, much less.  I often go an entire week or longer with no alcohol.  I do want to try the Dry Farms, but haven’t yet.   I guess I rambled with this comment when I should just follow your advice in the video, but I am really afraid of going back to where I was with constantly gaining and losing the same 30-40 pounds over and over and being miserable about my body and constantly anxious about my health and food.  Practicing and living the 20 hour fast eliminated all of that but I know I’m not getting in the protein I need which is now my greatest concern. Thanks!
  7. @JohnnyMerkelbeek [1 likes]: I only drink  wine or beer in the weekends, I can't and don't want to stop 💯 % .
  8. @Idindonotin [1 likes]: Stopped drinking wine, occasional pizza, and coffee! No more hot flashes, and have better sleep! Even while on hrt, if I had any of those, I’d get a hot flash and sleep would suffer if drank any amount of caffeine. 😢
  9. @annchesher9891 [1 likes]: Fabulous advice as ever. I agree so much with the alcohol advice. Sadly it impacts our sleep training and weight so much as well as not being good for mood. My struggle is I’m trying to lose some body fat (weight) but getting the additional protein can be challenging
  10. @lorrainepacker9451: I eat only two meals per day. I cannot eat three meals; it is too much for me. I prefer to work out fasted in the mornings and then eat around noon or later as my first meal, high protein very low carb. My second and last meal is best eaten between 6 and 7 PM, also high protein and low carb. I'm in my 60's and I'm working on burning fat and building muscle. I do not drink alcohol and cannot eat any grains.
  11. @mariareginaibeng6707: From Philippines here..very amazing content..I learned a lot,here in the Philippines everything is organic,I am 49 worried for skin sagging😍thanx for the info mam..
  12. @lindasilva5098: What do you use for your salad  dressing?
  13. @lindasilva5098: I eat gelatin a lot for my bones hair nails
  14. @LouiseGriffiths-e8k: I need 2 eat breakfast first 😊
  15. @kimberlyroberts9776: Do you have a recipe book? I don’t see the 7 day plan after I calculate my protein intake?
  16. @christinemack2153: So beneficial, thank you!  I'm curious as to the skin care products/ingredients you may use on your skin.

- Keto Diet: Why it sucks for women over 40: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to cover what is Quito and the three reasons why I think Quito sucks for women over the age of 40 and what you can do instead of poquito diet my name is Melissa Leo and I'm 52 years old and this channel is all about fitness health and lifestyle for women over the age of 40 which I am really passionate about so let's get into the video what is a ketogenic diet or simply put it's called keto a keto diet is very similar to my mind to the Atkins diet that was really popularized in the 80s and 90s so a keto diet is high in fat in fact it's extremely high in fat and moderate in protein and very very low in carbohydrates and what happens when you carry out the ketogenic diet is your body goes into what is called ketosis and this means that you start using your fat stores and burning your fat stores before you actually start burning carbohydrates people have dropped a dramatic amount of weight using the keto diet but I'm here to tell you that there is another way and I believe the keto diet absolutely sucks for women over the age of 40 big disclaimer I love carbohydrates bread rice stir potatoes quinoa sweet potatoes I got lean eating all of those things and you can too there is no need to do keto here is some before and after pictures just to prove I got lean right let's get into the video so here are my 3 reasons why keto sucks for women over the age of 40 number one you need carbohydrates carbohydrates are a really important source of fuel for your body what I would recommend women do over the age of 40 is actually carry out a weight training protocol or resistance training protocol you can probably see from my physique that I carry out quite a bit of weight training and what happens when you get over the age of 40 or even over the age of 30 is you start losing muscle so what you need to do is put some extra work in to put that muscle back in and that will build your metabolism and help you to get and stay lean now I'm the leanest that I've ever been probably in my whole life and I move over the age of 40 I'm actually over the age of 50 and this is all to do with my weight training regime however people believe that with weight training you need to eat a lot of protein yes you do but you also need carbohydrate and I know that from my own experience unless you fuel your body with carbohydrate you are not going to be able to get the benefit of weight training which is building the muscle back up as an older woman you have lost over the years so you're not going to get bulky you will just be putting muscle back in that has been depleted over the years and that will address why you're perhaps finding it a little bit more difficult to lose weight and stay lean over the age of 40 so that's my number one you really need the carbohydrates to fuel your body for weight training and fuel your body for everything else really that you carry out in life number two you are going to crave carbohydrates if you don't have carbohydrate in your body and in your diet and there's gonna be much more likelihood but you're gonna have slip-ups you're going to crave a cake or something like that because you're denying yourself a whole food group and what happens when you go to events perhaps a family lunch you go out and visit people you go to weddings parties and with the ketogenic diet you actually have to have low carbohydrates all the time otherwise you kick yourself out of ketosis so then the diet doesn't work so it's something that you have to do continually and you can't just have a cheat and say that you're going to eat carbohydrates on special occasions or on weekends so it's very very limiting and you're gonna find that you will crave it because your body will be crying out for carbohydrates now I don't suggest that you eat cakes and biscuits and that kind of carbohydrates it's very much your sweet potatoes rice potatoes good carbohydrates and if you eat those then your body's not going to be craving the bad carbohydrates like cakes and biscuits so that's my number two number three it's not the sort of diet that you can do for the rest of your life ketogenic diet because again you're cutting out a whole food group do you really think that this is a long-term plan that you can do for the rest of your life a long-term diet that you can stick to and you have to think about when you come off the ketogenic diet what happens then so what you see is people that have had a real dramatic weight loss but of course when they stop doing it and they start building carbohydrates back into their diet then finally it's quite interesting isn't it that when the Atkins diet was popularized there was a massive backlash against it because people realized it was really unhealthy and I believe this is what's gonna happen with the ketogenic diet it's very best praised at the moment but I think in the future people will realize it's not something you can do in the long term and I'm all about I'm a massive advocate of finding something that you can do in the long term whether it's your diet whether it's exercise and sticking to that and I just don't believe that cutting carbohydrates out forever and never eating them again is a really good long-term plan I just don't think it's achievable so if the ketogenic diet sucks what is the best diet for women over the age of 40 well my number one rule is it's got to be a diet that you enjoy and you think you can stick to that's the number one rule the number two rule as I said before is find something that you know that you will be happy to do for the rest of your life so for me that's eating a healthy well-balanced diet with a combination of carbohydrates proteins and fats and when we're talking about carbohydrates we're talking about good carbohydrates so that's rice pasta potatoes oats sweet potatoes all of those carbohydrates you can eat them and you know you eat you need to be enough that you're not feeling tired through the day and that you can sort of carry on with your normal life and then again the similar idea for fats so don't eat the sort of trans fats that are in processed food be good fats like not nuts avocado coconut oil those sorts of fats and make sure that you're getting plenty of protein in in your diet so that you're fueling your body for the weight training regime that I believe you should do if you're a woman over the age of 40 that's really really important just having a healthy well-balanced diet that you can stick to for a long period of time and making a plan give yourself a year maybe two years to get that weight loss that you've always been looking for it's taken me around about three years to get to where I am today [Music] and I've still got a sort of work to do I'm still in work in progress so it's always good to have a little bit of patience don't go for these fatty quick fix diets because they won't work because as soon as you come off them you're just going to pile the weight back on again go for some long term plan that you can stick to in the future is a healthy well-balanced diet if you liked this video give it the thumbs up and please do comment below if you've got any comments about what I've said it on the keto diet I'd love to hear from you and please do subscribe to my channel to get more information and tips on staying lean getting lean losing weight and the kind of exercise you should do over the age of 40

  Top Comments:
  1. @ACreativeReset [11 likes]: I love watching your videos and respect what you’re saying. I wanted to mention my perspective. I’ve been battling obesity since childhood, PCOS since puberty, and fibromyalgia since the last 6 years. Dr. Berg’s Healthy Keto (which included plenty of greens) and intermittent fasting did help me to get my body regulated within 6 weeks of starting. For the first time ever I didn’t have cravings because my body was getting the nutrition I needed. I was able to function and move like I hadn’t in years. But I went right back to work and the crazy schedule threw my eating and eating windows and off, and I was right back to square one. Then I decided maybe I should just focus on Healthy Carbs and do weight training, so I tried a bootcamp. Even with meal tracking and a trainer, it left me in so much pain from Fibro flares, that I couldn’t keep it up. 
I’m saying all of this because I think that starting off with something like Healthy Keto and low-impact exercise, and then transitioning to low-carb and slowly adding in the weight training could help with those facing chronic pain. It’s definitely harder for me the further into my forties I get. But if this isn’t what you suggest, would you be able to give some options for someone with my background? I would take your before picture any day of the week! But I do appreciate your experience and transformation. I’m just looking for how to juggle all these issues.
  2. @Sunflowersanddaisiesblooms [7 likes]: Every body is different. The main key component I notice in any successful weight loss journey is consistency and whole foods.   It is important to try out different things to find what works best for you and to stick to it.
  3. @marieantoinette3451 [6 likes]: I have been working out very hard for 3 months now..went from being a stay at home Mom (pretty much a couch potato and zero exercise)to Spin class 3x a week, walking briskly 8-10k steps early in the morning before the gym 5x/wk, and strength training 3x/wk and have lost NO weight. I am just too hungry to diet properly 😫 The only diet that has ever shown results for me-  for weight loss- is Keto. My plan is to get closer to my goal weight with Keto and then start back up with the hard training. I know I wont be able to work out like this on Keto, but I am beyond frustrated to work so hard and not even lose a single pound. 😮‍💨
  4. @theriac. [4 likes]: Bless you. But you really are totally uninformed. Like the majority of others you have picked up some info probably from YouTube on a macronutrient level and you focus too much on weight loss in the process. There is too much to tell you regarding cellular health as it is too long winded and convoluted. But, if you are putting out information to the masses my advice is to further your research because you are ill-informing many people which is obviously not a good thing. If you feel what you are doing is benefiting you then good for you but unless you have enough knowledge in biochemistry then you really need to be careful with what information you are giving to others. I am not a doctor nor a physician. But I do have a certain level of knowledge in biochemistry. I have also privately advised and changed the lives of enough people including myself from reiterating science-backed information from clinical research studies that separates fact from fiction. So, a word of advice to everyone. One shouldn't copy someone because they have shown good results at losing weight. Our bodies are different thus tolerate many things differently. What is most important is optimal health. Weight loss will follow as this is the result of a healthy lifestyle. That is why everyone should concentrate on a healthful lifestyle and not losing weight. This sweet young lady is misinformed regarding carbohydrates even though carbs will do its job if this is your main fuel source. However, you will obtain optimal results if your main fuel source is fat. In fact, you will have more energy burning fat because it has over double the amount of calories per gram plus when your cells go through a process called ketogenesis it supressses ghrelin (the hunger hormone) so you will be less hungry as the insulin spikes will be far less and as a result so will inflammation as opposed to carbohydrates being your main fuel source. Your body is very clever and will find balance. So if your main fuel source is fat and the body requires additional glucose the liver will make this via a process called gluconeogenesis - which means generating new glucose. The problem with fuelling your cells with carbs from starch and sugar is that the cells can only accept so much. The receptors will then downregulate. So when these receptors reject insulin (which is made when the body breaks carbs down into glucose) the excess is then stored in your fat cells and also in your bloodstream when the cells are full. You then gain weight and will acquire numerous health problems in your organs and arteries. There is a process called glycation which happens when glucose attaches to proteins (including collagen and elastin proteins) and lipids which is responsible for a number of diseases such as diabetes and is also responsible for chronic inflammation and aging. So, even if you maintain weight loss through rigorous exercise and/or calorie restriction you will still suffer with health problems at some stage due to excess insulin and inflammation. One last note, if you do ever crave bread or a sweet treat/dessert etc it's very easy to make. I love making bread, desserts etc. In fact, one can pretty much eat most of what a western diet consists of, you just have to make everything from scratch with alternative ingredients and have a little patience as opposed to buying already made inflammatory food. Life isn't all sunshine and rainbows. Nobody said it was. It is work. Hard work. But if you plan your work and work your plan it becomes easier and therefore more enjoyable which calls to mind an adage Jim Rohn said which was very apt: "There are two types of pain you will go through in life. The pain of discipline or the pain of regret". I know which one I chose
  5. @private7419 [2 likes]: Dr Berg advocates “healthy keto,” which includes more vegetables and doesn’t count them toward the carb total for the day. I haven’t seen health changes from it, but many find it very helpful.
  6. @suki_says [2 likes]: I am 42 now. Atkins worked in my 20s. However,  moderation of carbs (oats, rice, pasta, sweet potatoes) worked best for me after babies at 32 & 36. I tried Keto after 2nd child and recently with no success. Moderation is key but everywhere I turn Keto is being pushed. I also like the idea of weight training but have muscle memory from being an athlete and feel like I build muscle very quickly! While I still have fat outside the muscles, so that concerns me. Can’t wait to explore your channel and learn more! Any tips? Need to lose 60 lbs.
  7. @erikadelmar5794 [1 likes]: I was on keto for 6 months when I was 39. I lost 9 kgs and was so happy,  but then I got stuck and it was also so hard to keep eating no carbs. I then left keto and gained 14 kgs in about 2 months!. So so very sad. Here and I am now 45 and still over weight. This is how I bumped into your channel.
  8. @marcelavazquez9629 [1 likes]: You have to listen careful, Melissa doesn't encourage sugars and bakery products here, she means smart carbs. I was an Atkins and later Keto fan and IF, but at some point I needed it a reset bottom because  Keto dirty keto and all of those above become so overwhelming and nothing worked anymore. My reset bottom was here with Melissa I needed it to have a big mind change about carbs, Keto helped me to loose lots of weight and IF but always the weight came back and even more,   because I was in calorie deficiency it  messed up my metabolism. Now I started eating carbs very consciously again and consuming 1,600  calories which is a lot comparing with the 1200 or sometimes 700 !!  I'm over weight right now , I have been told to eat even more calories... I'm scare but I feel I'm choosing the right path this time, but before to trying to loose weight right now I have to repair my metabolism, which is broken with this unsustain diets. Right now I'm eating 1,600 calories and counting macros, I feel so full with my new eating habits and I'm doing strengthening training 3 times a week and twice a week half of hour cardio... this is my 2nd week, no changes on my weight, but my girlfriend told me she can see I have been working out , I agreed 100% with Melissa. Thank you Melissa for educating us with your experience.
  9. @JeanineUribe [1 likes]: Thank you! No matter how often I tried keto I would have insomnia, mad cravings, irritability and couldn’t sustain it.
  10. @MelissaNeill: Download my Free 7-Day Plan: 
https://melissaneill.com/start-free-7-day-plan/?pinComment=GbmQs7_jyJs
Download my Free Meal Guide: 
https://melissaneill.com/start-free-mealplan/?pinComment=GbmQs7_jyJs
  11. @kristenthore3229: Hello! I’m almost 48, and started Keto almost 3 months ago for inflammation of cystic acne on my chin. I’ve had this on and off for 10 years with many different attempts for treatment.  I’m thrilled to say this clean diet has worked wonders.  I’m 5’4” and very active but I don’t like an expertise routine. But I will go outside and do heavy work, walk the dog, etc.  I lost 13 pounds, my mental health is incredible - I used to have trouble being ‘scatterbrained’.  I  do not want to lose anymore weight (I got down to 130 pounds and that is my limit, so I’ve been slowly introducing sweet potatoes and brown rice. Refined sugar is like poison.  Here in the US it’s in everything.  I want to stay on a clean, Whole Foods diet and I mostly followed this for 2 years but still drank alcohol with a sugar mixer in it.  I’ve learned This is the worst thing I can feed my body.  I am am rarely hungry now that my body has learned it can use fat or carbs for fuel, eat 2x a day and if I have a snack it’s nuts, 85% dark chocolate with peanut butter (yum) or cheese.  PMS I do crave carbs, I feel my body is telling me it needs some. So I will have a sweet potato with lunch or dinner for those few days. Everyone is different but I truly feel the best that I ever have in my entire life. Mentally and physically! Thank you for the video 😊
  12. @scotlandredd6134: You had your cycle until you were 54 which makes a difference in fitness success
  13. @In2tuitive: Very informative. I appreciate your time❤
  14. @charissaandcowellness: I liked the keto diet, I ate mainly plant based fats, I felt good, energy levels were amazing my mind was alert plus I had a lot less inflammation and my stomach had no bloat.

The only reason I came off it is I felt it hard to build my muscle and my cycle went a bit haywire… so I wasn’t sure if it was that. I prefer fats over carbs. I could easily do the keto again, eating loads of healthy plant based fats, green vegetables eggs.. just not sure how healthy it is for my hormones… I’m waiting to speak to my hormone doctor about it. 

But you look great
  15. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  16. @Astrologcomedy: Funny how the yo-yo keto diet people stay in the comments… they always regain the weight they lose, go on keto and off keto 3 times a year
  17. @anandasmith5080: Awesome info. I've been following you for a year now and I've learned a lot. Thank you for telling us it may take some time to get results. We are encouraged.
  18. @veronicagaete6702: Thanks!!
  19. @carieyoungrising: It does not work- especially if you don’t have a lot to loose and you have some adrenal or cortisol issues- and wanna get in great shape! If you wanna be skinny fat- have at it/ but I didn’t have the energy to lift and you need carbs to grow muscles- something they neglect to tell us ladies that want a fit body! I did it for two years strictly and did not do as much for me as learning exactly what you teach! Love your channel- I’m a new fan!
  20. @akeilarigsby3158: Just stumbled across the channel. 40, found keto to be impossible as I have a 3 yr old & a 2 yr old. Lost 10lbs on keto and gained it back.

- The Truth About Low Carb Diets for Women Over 40 (Are They Worth It?): Kind: captions Language: en Thinking about cutting carbs to lose weight? Be careful. Low carb diets aren't always the answer after 40. They can actually slow down your metabolism. When you drastically cut carbs, your body starts breaking down muscle for energy. Less muscle means a slower metabolism, making fat loss harder in the long run. The fix: Keep complex carbs like quinoa, oats, and sweet potatoes in your diet. Aim for at least 100 gram of carbs per day to support muscle function. Pair carbs with protein and healthy fats to balance blood sugar. A bowl of quinoa salad with veggies and chicken is way better than skipping carbs entirely. Low carb can also increase stress and cravings. When carbs are too low, your cortisol, that's your stress hormone, rises. High cortisol makes you store fat, especially around the belly, and can trigger cravings for sweets. The fix: Don't go below 100 g of carbs. It's not worth the stress. Choose whole, unprocessed carbs to keep your mood and metabolism stable. Avoid quick fixes like sugary energy bars or drinks. Include berries or a small sweet potato in your meal to curb cravings. And here's a biggie. Carbs are important for hormone balance. Carbs help produce serotonin, which regulates mood and sleep. Too few carbs can lead to irritability, poor sleep, and even more cravings. The fix: Eat carbs earlier in the day to boost mood and energy. Combine carbs with protein at dinner to support restful sleep. Try whole grains like brown rice or barley to keep your body balanced. A small serving of oats with Greek yogurt can help you feel satisfied without overdoing it. Most people think cutting carbs is the key to fat loss, but after 40, it's about the right carbs, not zero carbs. Low carb diets might sound like a quick fix, but they can hurt your metabolism, mood, and muscle mass after 40. Instead, focus on balanced meals that include smart carbs. Like this video if you've ever struggled with low carb diets. Subscribe for more realistic weight loss tips for women over 40. Hit that subscribe button now and let's eat smarter

- Dr. Stacy Sims’ Nutrition Guide for Women 40+ to Boost Energy, Longevity & Gut Health: Kind: captions Language: en Can you have too much protein um in one sitting? Because that's a big kind of conversation that's online. Some people argue you can, some people argue you can't. And secondly, how important it is to make sure that you're not having a super low carb diet if you're having a very high protein diet. And I'm thinking about people building their plates with maybe a fillet of salmon and and it's hard. I say vegetables, but I talk about that. I know they're carbohydrates, but it's a very low carbohydrate diet in how that would be formed if you didn't have some brown rice or some brown pasta or whatever on the side. Um, so in that context, it's a two-pronged approach. Can you have too much protein? And also, um, what about a high protein, low carb diet for women? >> Yeah. So, the study that came out, I think it was that three months ago, that was looking at the 100 gram dose of protein and how long that took to digest and over 24 hours. it was still improving muscle protein synthesis and stuff. It was done in men. It hasn't been done in women. So, we don't know definitively. And we know that there is a difference in gastric emptying rate for women versus men, the way that women respond to protein, protein intake versus men. So, when I hear that, I'm like, it's a caveat. Yes, we know there's no upper limit for men, but it was a very small in and we don't know what the training status was. We have to look at the age. There's so many different factors that come into digestion that I'm still holding on to. Look, we know that you need regular protein throughout the day at around 30 or 40 grams at each meal, maybe 15 to 20 gram each snack. And if you're exercising, you know, as a recreational athlete, on the days that you're not training, three meals and one snack is probably enough. And if you on the days that you are training, you want to bookend your training with some food before and after. And that's the simplest way that I can get people to visualize what they're supposed to be doing with regards to how they space protein out. When we're looking at low carb, high protein, this is a big problem because now women are focusing more and more on that palm size or palm size and a half. And they're forgetting that you don't have to have that that size of salmon or meat on the plate. You can have something that's like a budable, right? and you're having some sweet potato, you're having some tempe, you're having some beans, you're having slice of beef in there, you're having lots of dark green leafy veggies and some fruit. So, you're having lots of complex carbs. And then you're also having your protein because there's so many different sources of protein. And I'm also Yeah, don't forget the quinoa. Don't forget the amar or the buckwheat. Like all of those can be accents. I try to steer people more towards the visualization of like a Japanese plate where the major things of western society are actually the accents and the things that are accents for the western society like our veggies and things is the main course. So it's like okay let's let's bring them together. So you know that when you are having protein I don't mean a big slab of fish. I mean, fish is in there and it's part of the accent with all the other good things that contribute to protein. And when I start saying that and people are like, "Oh, I get it now. I get it. So, I can have a a salad at lunch that is some fruit and some um spinach and some beans and maybe I'm going to have a little bit of roasted chicken. So, I'm getting all these great things and I feel satiated, but I don't feel overly full from too much, you know, dead protein hanging out my stomach. And then we have the people who are like, "What about the carnivorous diet?" I'm like, "That completely wrecks your gut microbiome." Like, I don't understand why people would just want to do something that's so contra contraindicative to having a healthy gut. >> Wow. I love that this is going to probably go a bit on YouTube with that comment, but I I agree. Um, we had Dr. Wilitch who comes on talking a lot about obviously fiber fuel and the importance of fiber for the gut. Um, and I think that is really important, right? I think looking at now I'm already building out I want to make sure that I'm keeping track of this. A perfect woman's day, which isn't always perfect. I'm going to reframe that. How a day should be looking for a woman who has no health conditions. I'm going to put it out there. Um, isn't excessively an athlete, not an excessive endurance training. Um, but basically wakes up, has some water, I imagine, has either 15 grams of protein for breakfast, um, minimum if they're not hungry, but if not, they have a very good 30 3030 rule, 30 grams of, well, 30 grams 30% fat, 30% carbohydrate, 30% protein. Um, and that's how we want to be building our plate. And we want to be having at least 1.6 grams of protein for 1 kilo of body weight. And we want to be spacing that constantly throughout the day. And we want to making sure that it's whole grains. We want to make sure that it's a variety of foods, a variety of proteins. It's not just a slab of one. We're really mixing it in for the diversity. That's how I'm garnering women's health on a plate or as a lifestyle right now. >> Am I right? >> Perfect. >> You are. And then on the subsides, we have to have room for like whiskey and dark chocolate and coffee and wine as the, you know, the occasional accents that makes life so fun. That's the thing. Okay. So, we're not we're taking out any extreme and we're going real back to balance and basics Hair.

  Top Comments:
  1. @skw0816 [12 likes]: As a woman over 40, this was incredibly validating. The way @stacysims Dr. Sims explains protein, carbs, and fiber, without extremes, finally makes sense. It’s refreshing to hear nutrition advice designed for women, not adapted from male physiology. Thank you both for this.
  2. @WellWithErika [2 likes]: Love how simply Dr. Sims explains protein, carbs, and fiber, without extremes - and it works i can confirm 🙂
  3. @margarita6700 [2 likes]: good lord I don't want to spend my life counting protein grams and calories. What have we become?
  4. @tee-ex8mo [1 likes]: Cant eat beans creates bloating and abdo discomfort, hard to digest. Avoid beans at all costs however meat and eggs my body thrives.  We're all so different so its best to see what works best for.you through trial.amd error.  Dr Sims thank you for your knowledge.
  5. @Lisa-my5sy: I wish these people spoke in terms of actual foods vs macronutrients 
20% this 30% that is so confusing after a while
  6. @julieyassin36: What if you're not training?
  7. @dltcody: For someone who is 125#, wanting to get to 105# how much various protein do I need? TIA
  8. @Frogman125: If you buy this plant protein nonsense, you deserve all of the issues that come with it.  Plant proteins are contained in fiber, making many of the amino acids (incomplete) unavailable.  If you are eating 3 meals a day and do not understand and embrace intermittent fasting you are driving a 1976 Ford Pinto with an eight track tape deck.  Carnivore actually makes you gut biome more diverse, reference Dr. Anthony Chaffee for context.  This is nonsensical dogma.  No science or scientific explanation behind anything she says, nothing.  Ladies don't buy this women are special nonsense, eat meat, thrive.
  9. @TheoWojcik-e1x: I’m glad I found this video.
  10. @StellaNzei: Nicely explained and easy to understand.
  11. @nikisaunders2634: Bonkers eh that studies are still done on Men !!! More than Women 😢
  12. @ClaireRichardsRN: I wonder what you think about the Longevity Diet. Dr. Longo recommends minimizing the amount of protein needed because excessive protein contributes to cancer. He says maximum of 1.2 mg/kg and otherwise it is excessive.
  13. @paa2696: Utter BS
  14. @Freya-qu9wo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUADs-CK7vI
  15. @Freya-qu9wo: It seems like she ignores the importance of healthy FATS.  She is plant based and I find the people I know like this are the crazy vegans afraid of touching fat and them all getting diabetes.  Everyone watch FAT FICTION!!  It's a docu on youtube by internal medicine and nutrition experts.
  16. @FitnessByWafaa: Women need high quality protein “ complete amino acid protein “ not plant protein!!!!
  17. @my.anew.insight: Such valuable insights, Dr. Stacy!
  18. @Melinda87.: Carnivore here!  Feel great and biome seems fine to me!!
  19. @PascaleetMademoiselle: Thank you for the reminder.
  20. @beaduncan5785: Is collagen protein powder good to use for muscle building and if not, what kind should I look for.  I've been adding Collagen protein peptides into my coffee but I thought I heard somewhere that is not the best kind to use.  I'm also using creatine and recently added colostrum to my daily morning coffee (hot).  I make it the bulletproof method with 1TB unsalted butter and MCT oil, blended.

- Long Term Effects of a Low Carbohydrate Diet: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys Dr Berg here in this video we're going to talk about the long-term effects of low carbohydrates in the diet okay A lot of times when you read the news or get advice from a dietitian they're going to say oh you can do a ketogenic diet for a short period of time but don't do it long term because there's so many side effects okay so let's talk about that number one there is no essential carbohydrate you have essential amino acids that's protein essential fatty acids that's fat but there is no essential carbohydrates um well you do need carbohydrates you need types of carbohydrates not for carbohydrate sake but for the vitamins and minerals for example you need vegetable carbohydrates for all the vitamins and minerals that's why you need them okay not because of the carbohydrates our bodies will not suffer from not having or consuming glucose okay you say well we need that for energy no you don't your body is much better uh run on fat fuel or ketones not gluc um or people say well they'll they'll kind of Attie in like a low carb diet is a low calorie diet they're kind of meaning the same but they're not a low carb diet is not a low calorie diet they're two separate things okay and they'll say well low carbs are going to starve your thyroid of of nutrients well no it's not the thyroid doesn't need glucose it needs nutrition doesn't need a lot of sugar so when you go to on a low calorie diet that can make the thyroid suffer simply because you're depriving it of nutrients okay it has nothing to do with carbohydrates when I recommend a ketogenic diet I'm recommending unlimited vegetables okay by the way so you want to do a lot of those we're not even factor factoring that in um so we need the nutrients from vegetables but we don't need the nutrients from grains simply because of the difficulty in digesting grains and the gluten effect that it can create on your body it turns into the sugar very very fast and then I always like this it's like they say right uh they say um you shouldn't do a low carbohydrate long term because no one can stick to it and you're going to cheat and you're going to Crave that's not true first of all um this is the diet that you can stick with because your Cravings go away and your hunger goes away okay that's the two barriers of any diet if you do a low calorie diet or high carbohydrate diet you're going to be craving and it's going to be hard to stick to that uh or here's another one they'll say that they say that a low carb diet is a high protein diet no it's not low carbohydrates and high protein are two separate things I recommend a moderate amount of protein 3 to 6 ounces and that's totally reasonable and you need those amino acids for building body proteins um and then they say well it's not healthy because you're emitting a food group well emitting bread pasta cereal crackers biscuits waffles pancakes yeah you're admitting those groups because those are not healthy all right you can get your B vitamins from other Foods you don't have to get them from the grains or they'll say that oh a ketogenic diet a low low carb diet is going to lead to a disease called diabetes or or create keto acidosis which is another lie because keto acidosis will only occur if you are a type 1 diabetic and you're in a situation where you completely run out of insulin and you have this serious disease okay that's completely different than a healthy person doing a nutritional ketosis or a healthy type of ketosis that they're not going to get ketoacidosis and that's like a severe high acid level of the body you're not going to get that it's almost actually it's probably impossible to get it so you don't have to worry about that again it's someone recom it's like because words have are similar they're they're saying they're identical keto acidosis and ketosis they're not identical they're similar because they say ketones but they're not identical but they're similar doesn't mean they're the same all right so um the truth is that when you do a low carb diet you fix insulin resistance and when you fix insulin resistance you allow the body to absorb nutrients way more nutrients but not just the minerals like potassium magnesium chromium the vitamin A E the B vitamins vitamin D omega-6 fatty acids when you have insulin resistance you can't absorb those nutrients um so the benefit of long-term low carbohydrates in the diet uh we're going to reduce insulin you're going to have heart improvements weight weight loss improvements skin improvements like acne is going to go away polycystic ovarian syndrome is going to go away uh less liver fat less diabetes less insulin resistance better cognitive function better mood less uh dementia I mean it's kind of Nob brain but I do know that every time we have a recommendation that's so positive you have to have some someone that objecting to it that it's just it just always happens like that so you just pretty much have to realize that of course someone's going to object to it just ignore that um and um do a low carb diet all right thanks for watching hey if you haven't already subscribed press this little button down below okay thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [2 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @paulbarker6743 [1 likes]: Kellogg's objects to this diet 😂
  3. @NizamUddin-e8u6p [1 likes]: Now I'm dizzy. 
I'm doing 3 years
  4. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  5. @SkullyBones448: How much carb can you or should you consume on low carb diet?
  6. @MrAubergineface: 300g is low to some but very hight to others
  7. @MrAubergineface: Ok buddy what’s low
  8. @carolmaplesden916: One ingredient foods zero preservatives low carb omad 99 % of the time
  9. @radiohead2206: My doctor too was surprised when I should up 40 lbs lighter. She asked how and told her Keto. She was huh? But then she said ... keep doing what you're doing. So a step better, but I could tell she had no idea about nutrition. Btw...You know who knows this low carb so well is Hollywood.
  10. @DiFish-z6n: I Love how Dr.Berg mentions thyroid often! ❤
  11. @seiro3852: why some doctors dont recommend keto diet? it works on me before but get back to carb diet and then i have gout at young age and now im getting back to lowcarb forever  but they told me not to do it because of gout i dont want to be in meds forever
  12. @deepfreeze-z3z: No need to changes your clothes... switch to a rapper outfit😂😂😂😂😂
But the best diet since then
  13. @35t10b: Type 1 diabetic for 32 years. I started a full time every meal low carb die 8 months ago. My weight wasn't really a problem , but my A1c is below 6 every time its tested.
  14. @kem6429: I would refer to a Dietitian whose specialty is nutrition over a medical Dr. Also, saying you don't need grains is uttely preposterous. God built in us the enzyme amylase for a reason to break down carbohydrates. Carbs provide fiber, B vit, and more. Simply, grains are since begin of time. Humans have altered or added to it to our harm not God in His creation.
  15. @laillar1: what are your thoughts on low carb diets raising ldl levels?
  16. @MichaelFox-cc8of: Hmmm went on this high protein low carb diet and my Creatinine level and BUN went way over the scale.  I looked at last year's blood work and they were both normal.  I don't want to ruin my kidneys.  I am a body builder (70 years old) and was taking in 150 to 180 grams of protein a day.  Back to a balanced diet with low sugar intake.
  17. @alvareztorres1: Can I start low carbohydrate diet or even zero glucose if I'm skinny and quite low on energy?
  18. @marcedwards2464: Right
  19. @jerryhall5709: Keto is too extreme for me. You can still be low carb if you eat two bananas per day and a few carrots.
  20. @David-os2fb: Might have to switch to a more holistic doctor. Mine is going to probably flip out on my chol numbers as it will be 6 months on keto when I go in next. On the other hand, maybe it wont be so dramatic. I hope my blood pressure and glucose get a bit better.

- The BEST Weight Loss Meal Plan for Women Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en Calorie counting is out in the new year. If you want to burn fat and get lean and have more energy and you're a woman over 40, the best way to get results is by focusing on your macro intake. Now, when I counted calories, I was losing and regaining the same 5 lbs. But when I switched over to macro focused eating in my 40s, not only was I able to finally lose 30 pounds in the first 75 days, but I went on to lose 70 lbs in 9 months. Now, after losing that weight, I did have some loose skin around my abdomen. It was starting to affect my running, and so I had a tummy tuck to have that loose skin removed. And then I continued this same eating style and I went on to lose an additional 16 pounds. So as a woman over 40 by switching my focus from calories to macros, I was able to lose approximately 90 lbs. And this eating style doesn't work just for me. I have shown hundreds of other women how to do the same and they're switching their approach to macrobased eating and they are finally seeing results in their 40s and 50s. So what is it that makes macrobased nutrition different from caloriebased nutrition? Well, when you think about it with calories, you're just simply counting a unit of heat. That is what a calorie is. And so you're not taking into account the quality of the food that you're eating. You're just looking at the quantity of food that you're eating. Remember when I said that I was losing and regaining the same 5 lbs? Well, it was because I was counting calories and I would reserve a block of calories for sweet treats, things like cakes and candies and ice cream and pies. So, yes, I was still technically in a calorie deficit and I could lose weight, but because those foods held no nutritional value, I wasn't getting the result that I was looking for. The scale was not going down. And then when you're calorie counting, your body adapts to the reduced number of calories that you're eating. And so now, in order to continue to lose weight, you have to continue to cut your calories. and you get to the point where you're basically starving yourself because you're not eating enough calories because you're trying to maintain this deficit that just simply leads to binging and there goes your weight loss journey. Now, with the macrobased eating approach, fair enough. You're still technically counting calories, but you're focused on the quality of food that you're eating first and not just the number of calories that you're consuming. When you are focused on macros, when you're focused on hitting that protein target and staying under your carbs and your fat targets for the day, then you're automatically going to be forced to choose higher quality, nutritiously dense foods that will help you to reach those targets. And in doing that, you're eliminating those other foods from your diet that hold no nutritional value. I'm able to eat so much more food and I'm talking about volume of food on a macrobased diet versus a calorie counting diet simply because the quality of the food that I'm eating is much higher on a macrobased diet. And so I'm not starving myself. I'm eating foods that actually help me stay fuller longer. I'm resisting the urge to snack constantly because those cravings aren't there. The reason why we have cravings for sugary treats is because we are eating sugary treats. And what happens is you eat the sugary treat, you get that high for a few minutes. Your body then comes crashing down. Your blood sugar then comes crashing down. And now your body's like, "Okay, I need that high again. Where can I get that high again? That is what a craving is. But when you're focused on macrobased nutrition and you're eating high quality foods that keep you full, you don't have those same cravings. Your body is not constantly chasing that sugar high. And so therefore, you're not snacking as much. You're staying within a caloric deficit. and you're able to burn fat and see a difference in your physical body composition. Now, when I started my weight loss journey this time around in my 40s, I decided to do something different because the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. I was counting calories in the past and I got to the point where I was starving myself. I couldn't sustain that type of eating and then there went my weight loss journey. But this time around, I decided to do something different. I started with the TDE calculator and I plugged in my information and I told it what my weight loss goals were. And by doing so, it gave me macro targets for my protein, my carbs, and my fats. I took those targets and I plugged them into My Fitness Pal and then I started to track what I ate. And again, I you know, I know people don't like to track. It's a hassle to do that after, you know, every time that you eat, but you only even need to do it for a week or so to kind of figure out and analyze what are those foods that help me to hit my macro targets and stay within a calorie deficit and what are those foods that absolutely have no nutritional value. They take up calories in my diet, but they don't help me to hit these macro goals. And you can start weeding out some of the foods that you eat just by doing that for a week. And again, the reason why this works for fat loss is because yes, you're still maintaining a calorie deficit, but now you're forced to eat higher quality foods and it's actually helping you to get the result that you want. So, what does a day of macrobased eating look like? Take a look at this clip from one of my what I eat in a day videos where I share with you exactly everything that I ate in that one day to hit almost 150 g of protein for the day while only eating 12 g of sugar. So, my first meal of the day was breakfast and I had two eggs plus two egg whites and I scrambled them with spinach, onions, and grape tomatoes. I had a/2 cup of blueberries with that and I also had two slices of turkey bacon. Now, I added the two egg whites to it because that gave me an additional 10 g of protein and the turkey bacon gave me an additional 12 g of protein. So, for breakfast, I had 36 g of protein. Now, my [clears throat] second meal of the day was my midm morning snack and I had a slice of flowerless bread. This is seven grain flourless bread and I had two tablespoons of creamy peanut butter. My family likes Peter Pan peanut butter. That's what we had. So that's what I ate. But between the slice of bread and the peanut butter, I had 12 g of protein for my midm morning snack. Now for lunch, I decided to do some chicken wraps. So I took a pound of ground turkey and I mixed it with some El Paso taco seasoning mix. And then after it cooked, I weighed out six ounces. And that 6 ounces of ground chicken came out to 33 grams of protein. I paired that with a few pieces of lettuce. And I had 75 g of lettuce. And yes, I did put it on the food scale and weigh it. 75 g of lettuce. And then I also had 3 oz of baby carrots. Now, I didn't steam mine. I ate them raw, but you could always steam these if you want. I just I like baby carrots. I like the crunch. So, I decided to eat them raw. Now, this lunch meal gave me a total of 34.7 grams of protein. So, my [clears throat] fourth meal of the day, or what you could call my mid-afternoon snack, I had a/4 cup of pumpkin seeds and I had 2 oz of thin sliced deli meat. Now, the pumpkin seeds had 8 g of protein in it and then the deli meat had 10 g of protein in it. So, for my mid afternoon snack, I had a total of 18 grams of protein. And people don't realize that pumpkin seeds have a lot of protein in them. You get a lot of protein in just a little bit. So, 18 g of protein total for the pumpkin seeds as well as the deli meat. All right. And then finally, for dinner, I had baked chicken wings with two cups of broccoli. And broccoli is another one of those foods that has hidden protein in it. People don't realize how much protein it has in it, but broccoli has eight grams of protein in it for two cups. And so you think about two cups of broccoli, that is a lot of volume. It's very filling. Plus, you get eight grams of protein. So I got 8 g of protein from the broccoli. I got 32 g of protein from the chicken wings. So, total I had 40 g of protein for dinner. So, when I go over to my dashboard and take a look at my macros, what I find is that I'm over my macro count for the day. Now, my macro goal for the day was 130, but I told you I was going to show you how to hit 140. And that's exactly what we did. I'm at 141 g of protein for the day. My fats, I am over by 4 g, but that's okay. It's just 4 g. I wasn't counting for fats. I was counting for protein. And then what you'll see is that I'm under the carbs for the day. So my carb limit for the day was 152 g. And I ended up at 78 g of carbs. And I'm always looking to reduce my carbs to the extent possible. But I don't do it by counting carbs. I do it by counting protein and focusing on my protein intake. If I select the right types of food and hit my protein goal for the day, then usually I'm a little lower on my carbs and that's exactly where I want to be. Now, if you're interested in learning more about macrobased eating and how to finally lose weight as a woman over 40, I recommend that you click on the link in my video description and pick up a copy of 7day slim down. Now, this eg guide gives you the basics of macrobased eating and why it works. And it also gives you a 7day meal plan along with the recipes. So, you can take this eguide and this 7-day meal plan and you can actually follow it. No counting required because the macros are already counted out for you. or you can tailor it to your specific macro needs based on the targets that you received after using the TDE calculator. And this is the perfect way to get started on a macrobased eating approach. Learning how to eat more nutritious foods and cut out those foods that don't have any nutritional value, aka processed sugar, and finally get you on track to burning fat and getting lean. So, if that's something that you're interested in, click on the link in the video description and check that out. Now, there's one thing that I always credit with helping me to stay consistent with the macrobased eating plan, which has helped me to lose 90 lbs total over time. And if you're interested in learning more about what that one thing is, grab a pen and a piece of paper and check out this next

  Top Comments:
  1. @beeb7380 [6 likes]: arms are on point!
  2. @judygroce3374 [4 likes]: 😃😃URSULA, YOU LOOK GOOD GIRL! THANKS FOR THE TIPS MAM. YOU'RE DOING A REALLY GOOD JOB ON YOUR HEALTHY WAY OF LIFE.😊 KEEP US MOTIVATED!😊
  3. @ursgetsfit [2 likes]: Get started on your macro-based eating journey with a copy of 7-Day Slimdown 👉🏽 https://7dayslimdown.com
  4. @YaritmarMarrero [2 likes]: I’m 37 I’m addicted to sugar but I don’t know how to begin
  5. @arboleaf [1 likes]: Hello! Arboleaf here, a fitness brand well known for our range of healthy lifestyle devices. Interested in working together?
  6. @lynettej777 [1 likes]: Absolutely!!!! I began counting calories but then incorporated MORE nutrient densed macro foods as opposed to counting calories. I feel satiated by hitting my macros in spite of the calorie targets ALWAYS fall well below my assigned calories. 😌 ❤🎉

- Why KETO Works For Women Over 40! It's the BEST Fat Loss Secret!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] do you want to know why the keto diet works and why it works so well my name's kelly and i've lost 36 inches and 30 pounds going keto and in this video i'm gonna talk about why i think and why i know keto works so well particularly for women age 40 plus tune in to learn more hey guys welcome back welcome to i was about to say coffee talk with kelly but it's keto talk with kelly because i'm here in my florida room in my house i call it my florida room that's what i call rooms like this that are not an outdoor porch but they're they kind of seem like a a screened-in porch but they're not that seems very weird what i just said i realized that it's actually one of my favorite rooms in this house and uh i will be showing you guys more details on it on my blog i'm gonna be covering a lot more of the uh home decoration progress things that i'm going to be doing with this house over kellyalexa.com it's a little harder to cover that well i'm sure that i'll cover some of it on video but i am going to be covering a lot more home decor stuff over on the blog on kellyalexa.com so um it's definitely not going to be strictly um i'm also just letting you know i'm growing my hair out and you're going to see me futzing with my hair probably a lot more than normal it's at a very awkward stage right now i think you guys are just used to that i'm always sweating with my hair but yeah um so this room is just i don't know if you can see it's just let me turn this around just off the kitchen so in a way this is like this is an odd room it's like what is this room what was this room originally intended for i i really don't know um the people that lived here before us you know i've seen um house pictures where this was set up as an office um some other people had it set up just like where they just had a bunch of their kids um toys in here thank god i don't have kids why am i doing this crunching high so it's so rude but anyway when we moved in here when we decided we were getting this house i just remember thinking this is exactly what i wanted i wanted i'll show you a little peek these two big these two big uh z gallery chairs i have the ottoman here of course i had to cover the ottoman with um this this throw because that's where bijan likes to go and then i just recently bought those shelves um from livingspaces and then that table is also from z gallery we'll be getting rid of these tables i have um the matching set i bought those the whole set this and and the coffee table we're gonna be getting rid of that um and replacing it with restoration hardware i think i don't know why i'd never been in restoration hardware until last summer and then when i went in i suddenly understood what the trouble was all about what people were like raving about restoration armor that place is like sent from god okay i'm gonna shut up now and stop talking about house stuff and we're gonna talk about keto maybe we'll just talk about why my hair is so dry today not but here's the thing i do not mean to crunch ice i'm really sorry about that i wanted to talk to you guys today about really the simple premise and this is my opinion but here i am almost a year a year after i mean it's coming up gosh a week from now it'll be a year ago that i went keto um i should weigh myself again just to see where i'm at but i'm pretty sure i'm i'm at the same place 36 inches um down 30 in other words i don't think i've i've lost a significant additional amount of weight i think now that i'm working out again and and really focusing on incorporating more fasting i'll be covering that in coming up videos upcoming videos make sure you're tuned up on that i'll be talking a lot about fasting i'm learning a lot about um a lot more about fasting i've always known about the power of fasting but i'm learning a lot more um about extended fasting and and the impact it can have um not only on weight loss but on our um overall health well-being chronic disease just everything so i'm definitely going to be incorporating a lot more just tweaking how i'm using fasting in in my dietary approach i'll put it that way um i'm listening to some great books it's just fascinating so make sure you're tuned in subscribed and you've got notifications turned on let me know what questions you have so that i can answer those as well always leave those in the comments for me but here i am a year a year in a year out whatever you want to call it from going keto having lost 36 inches and 30 pounds and you know just easily maintaining this weight loss after having been stuck and being so frustrated for so long on where i was before where i was constantly you know dieting and working out and not able to make the needle move in any way shape or form you know i was working out six days a week sometimes two times a day in a caloric deficit constantly and i couldn't lose weight no matter what i did for all those years and so what i'm going to tell you is my opinion on why you know based on what what my gut tells me and based on also what i know to be true from what my doctor has told me what i know to be true from what i'm learning and studying right now like why if you're if you're tuning in to me and you're a woman 40 plus or you know of course if you're a little younger that's okay it doesn't mean that this is only true for women 40 plus but it's particularly true for women 40 plus um if you're tuning in you're like why does this work you know this isn't just um a working because it's a diet and and you know you can pick any diet that works sorry keto works because let me just let me just reinforce for you guys this idea before before i was keto i was doing i was working out six days a week i was at 1600 calories i was even what's it carb cycling i was fasting you know 24 i was doing 24 i was incorporating 24 hour fasts one even two times a week on a regular basis so i was doing low carb days high carb days calorie cycling carb cycling doing fasting in a caloric deficit and eating you know whole foods organic foods i didn't lose any weight and i was working out six days a week and training with a really badass trainer at gold's gym then after doing a reverse diet where i was at 2200 2500 calories barely working out for almost all the time that i was doing a reverse diet and i i only gained like three or four pounds in all that time then i then i started going on a diet 1600 calories hardly working out at all and the weight just fell off what if you compare those two things what does that tell you sixteen hundred calories sixteen hundred calories eating lots of protein barely any protein i don't wanna say barely any protein i ate fifty you know both both meals all have some protein but it's just moderate protein but over here i was like trying to shove down so much protein like like i'd always been taught you know five meals a day 30 grams of protein at every meal have protein shakes proteins protein pancakes protein bars you've got to have 150 grams of protein it's all about protein building muscle you need to have protein protein protein protein over here i have two meals a day and i have just whatever amount of protein i want to have at that meal so over here working out six days a week not because i intended to not because i was trying to it just it just happened to be that way i hardly worked out at all i'm only now getting back to working out but but just for comparison's sake here i was working out six days a week here i hardly worked out at all lots of lots of carbs if i'm if i'm keeping it real i didn't think i was eating lots of carbs because i wasn't eating a lot of bread but i was having a lot of rice a lot of quinoa a lot of acai bowls a lot of grains a lot of berries a lot of insulin response inducing foods you know i started out every day because my trainer at the time told me to um with a acai protein smoothie bowl you know lots of protein lots of carbs lots of insulin producing response foods over here zero to none insulin producing response foods over here i i still had insulin resistance didn't really realize it wasn't addressing it over here i do still have insulin resistance but i'm addressing it and i'm eating according to knowing i have insulin resistance and the weight is falling off because i'm eating according to knowing i have insulin resistance and that my friends is why keto works this is why it's so brilliant for women age 40 plus why because from what i know and i'm paraphrasing the vast majority of women age 40 plus are going into perimenopause from what i know and from what i've heard again don't don't hold me to the fire on this the vast majority of women who are going into perimenopause menopause post-menopause i am now post-menopause have some degree of insulin resistance um the the data is coming out more and more now to support that that more women who are going their hormones are starting to change and they develop some degree of insulin resistance some will get it more to more of a a crazy degree like me than others if you have insulin resistance you will develop the inability to lose weight that is when you can get into weight loss resistance like i was that's when this diet approach optimal and i'm living walking breathing proof if you are sitting watching this video going that sounds like then i dare you to try to poke holes in my story and tell me what my life and and the last two years how how can you say that everything about what my life is illustrating could say anything different if you've been if you've been a a fan a follower watching my youtube channel if you're just discovering me and you've maybe gone back and found out you know watched some of my stuff then you know you know that i'm this kelly alexa girl who's been a fitness fanatic loves working out loves training founded a fitness company loves everything about fitness but you know i was the girl that you never saw from from you know here down you never saw me doing full body anything you would never see an instagram picture of my full body i always had people asking me on youtube kelly can you do a full body workout you know show us show us you know your leg show us and i would just laugh and be like i'm never gonna show you my full body people always thought i was so much more fit than i was i knew you know and i and i'm also probably i know i had a had have a degree of body dysmorphia like i saw when all those years i was 20 to 30 pounds over the weight that i am now is not as heavy as you know like 20 to 30 pounds overweight is overweight i viewed it as i you know i was just disgusting i was horrible i mean i just viewed it as like i was the stay puft marshmallow man that's body dysmorphia that's um seeing yourself as huge when you're you're not huge or so but that's you know women can develop this fixation with their bodies and being overweight and see themselves in a in a way that is is crazy i recognize that but it is what it is that's just i'm just being transparent in in how i viewed myself how i saw myself and and and yet now i'm so comfortable in my body i can look at myself in a full-length mirror and i sometimes i'm still shocked i i people will make comments to me and say oh my god you know you're so tiny you're getting so skinny you don't have any fat on your body and i'm like like i literally don't know who they're i think they're talking to somebody else because my whole life no one said those types of comments to me certainly people haven't been calling me fat or anything but i've never been the girl that people were like oh you're so skinny um or oh you're getting so skinny or oh you're just getting tinier every time i see you no like i was not that girl i was always the curvy girl the the person who was more like kim kardashian you know and it wasn't it wasn't popular to look like kim kardashian when i was growing up trust me it was not at all popular at all um so i can tell you again just to go back to the point i was just making that i am walking proof this is like the one thing that can be the true panacea for women who are in the perimenopause menopause post-menopause phase of life who are in that time where they can't find anything to work when it comes to weight loss and i can tell you that you can be obsessing about your hypothyroidism just like i was for years and wondering you know reading reading up and googling and reading all these books about hypothyroidism and adrenal fatigue like i did i was obsessing about all of these things with hormones but i was focusing on the wrong thing because now what i've learned is it has to do with the two eyes inflammation and insulin resistance and if you focus on decreasing those two things and guess what the keto approach to eating does does that does that so brilliantly keto and fasting does that brilliantly and the more that i learn the more i realize like these two things are like your biggest secret weapons and here's the other funny thing i would i will say like like that's my first major point that i want to say to everybody watching this video is you need to know that number one like this is this is legit the secret weapon it absolutely works while some people will think just like i did back in the day that it's a fad diet it's just another fad diet it's been around forever it is legitimately an approach to eating that can be a lifestyle choice i've been doing this for a year and i haven't cheated and i'm fine with it it works why does it work i hope what i've just shared in the first part of this video is a good enough introduction for you to think to to have an a a small understanding of why it works it has to do with your hormones it most specifically has to do with insulin resistance and when you when you understand insulin resistance and what causes you know your body to be in a bad state around insulin resistance and what foods cause the bad insulin response you get that eating the keto way is basically like the best cure for that i i understood that so quickly the first week i was eating keto i was like wow you're literally removing everything that causes inflammation everything that causes uh you know like raising your blood sugar it you're just naturally taking that away and then it's like your body just sighs a breath of relief and says okay i'm gonna let go i'm gonna i'm gonna let you lose weight and and that's exactly what happens like once my body breathed that sigh of relief i started losing weight it never stopped it's the best feeling ever part one is i want you to know that it works it works like a charm number two why it works and number three like you should not be even thinking twice about waiting to try this you should not be thinking like well let me keep let me keep trying running and weight watchers let me keep trying you know like i just talked to so many women who are in their 40s and 50s and they just they've been at doing the same thing like they keep trying this and that and i you know i just see like they're not making any headway and and i i was that girl too for a while i just kept hiring different trainers and looking for a different diet and and it finally took a good friend of mine whitney jones to push me and push me and go you need to get some blood work done you need to get your hormone straightened out you know and then that was my first step was to get on bioidentical hormones and then i you know just to stop my first step was to stop i had to get my head out of this the place of thinking that this was strictly a fitness problem and that is usually with the women that i coach one-on-one um quite often that's the first reason that women hire me is women who are completely lost in the area of hormones like they're they start to realize like wait a second i think that maybe i should not be on the pill at age 51 and maybe i need my hormones maybe i should be on progesterone or something but they they know they're not being treated well they're seeing an ob and their ob is giving them they're starting to see that their ob is telling them to like go on xanax or they maybe have asked for blood work and their their obs like why do you think you need blood work or they've asked about bioidenticals and they're obese like oh no that causes cancer something stupid like that um so a lot of times the way that i'll start working with women is just coaching them on this very confusing area of you know starting to get your hormone situation in line and it's not that i do that work i'm obviously not a doctor i just help women like understand this whole confusing area because it's not mainstream and and it was my friend whitney jones who got me going you know understanding like hey girl the reason your body is not working is not a fitness situation you are nearing you're 40 years old your body is changing it's your hormones and you need somebody who understands hormones not a trainer to look at you and i was like i kept thinking i could fix myself and that's what so many women think so when you're in your 40s and your body starts to fight you and you can't lose weight this is the time when you need to understand that so if you fall into that category number one fyi let me throw that out there you might want to think about having a consult with me um typically most women will come to me and and do kind of like one consult where we i answer all their questions we get them hooked up with either my doctor or another doctor we get them hooked up with a really good blood work provider which i have a connection with it will save you a lot of money and then we get them on the right track where they're going to have that part of their life their hormones taken care of because once that's in alignment then all the weight loss stuff will work a lot better if you just start doing um keto without being you know addressing your hormones to be honest with you um like when you're in your 40 plus age age range there's there's probably 10 percent of women who can maybe just float through perimenopause menopause and all that stuff and not have any problems maybe there's 20 percent of women that could do it i don't know what the percentages are i'm just guessing but most women need to have their hormones addressed and and most women will have a problem with weight loss most women are gonna have a problem with all of these other things so that's why i recommend um if you if you're totally confused about that you know let me help you if you are on the right track with that the other part of things the keto and the fasting will work brilliantly for you and that's also where i come in you know i've got i've got my keto boot camp a five day online keto boot camp we just finished our beta group so my five day online keto boot camp that new course will go live next week if you're interested in that of course you know i'll have the link that i'll be able to provide for that but if you're interested in getting on the waiting list for that comment down below i've also got my keto cookbook um that's got like 52 plus recipes they're just easy recipes for meals um that helped me i mean these are meals that i make on a regular basis that help me lose you know the 36 pounds um sorry 36 inches 30 pounds um and then i also do one-on-one coaching for people that don't want to you know do like the group situation and um some people want want more private one-on-one attention so i do that as well um but i just want you to know that this keto thing even though sometimes it it gets grouped in with atkins and people think that it like i did that it is this trendy thing and and you don't need it and and there's a lot of people in the fitness industry out there going oh the body needs carbs don't do keto you know you don't need to do keto like i see a lot of people talking like that and it pisses me off because there's so much misinformation the general public might not need to do keto but women age 40 plus who are in these hormonal years guess what the vast majority of you will benefit greatly from going keto and doing keto with fasting and trust me you will have an exceptional experience doing it and i i i invite you to do it with me whether it's private one-on-one coaching or joining my my keto boot camp um every single woman that i have worked with whether it's one-on-one or in my groups has lost 25 plus pounds and has also had a much easier time than they thought that they could so i encourage you to rethink keto because it is not it's not the fad that you thought it was that's all i got to say for today you guys um i will let you go um at the end of this at the end of this video we're gonna have uh links up to some playlists sorry my playlist uh there's a playlist that i have here on my youtube channel with just over a dozen i think we've got more than videos on the keto topic for you to check out and of course i will link down below my free keto quick start guide my keto cookbook i don't yet have the link to my keto my five day online keto boot camp because we just wrapped up the beta but again down below if you are interested in getting on the waiting list for when we first go live with that five-day keto boon camp which will be right after the memorial day holiday holiday um you can comment below because the people that get on the waiting list first before it goes live will get a complimentary half an hour consult with me so that is a tremendous value that's a 250 value that you will get for free so comment down below if you would like that as well um and that's all i got for today you guys thank you so much for tuning in and of course uh make sure you're subscribed make sure you hit the notification button so that you can be notified whenever we put a new video out we are releasing four new videos a week now aren't you excited and then lastly just let me know in the comments below what questions specifically i can answer for you uh in upcoming videos on keto i'm happy to do so you guys have a great rest of the day remember you are just one change away from a fantastically improved tomorrow you

  Top Comments:
  1. @KellyOlexa [1 likes]: So, what do you think? Are you tempted to give Keto a try now? What questions can I answer?

- 10 MUST-HAVE Foods That Stop Muscle Loss in Seniors ( Sarcopenia Prevention Diet ): Kind: captions Language: en If you're over 60 and noticing your strength slipping away, don't panic. You've just stumbled onto something most people never find in time. Sarcopenia, the age related loss of muscle, doesn't have to be your future. And the fix may already be in your kitchen. You're incredibly lucky to have found this video because most seniors are fighting muscle loss in silence, not knowing that certain foods can actually slow it down or even reverse it. I'm Dr. Thomas Reed. And in the next few minutes, I'll walk you through the 10 most powerful foods that help stop sarcopenia in its tracks. These are sciencebacked, senior approved, and simple to add to your daily meals. Let's get started because the sooner you nourish your muscles, the longer they'll carry you. Let's start with the most powerful muscle building food on the planet, eggs. If your muscles could choose one food to eat every single day, they would choose eggs without hesitation. Each whole egg delivers 6 g of complete protein, which means it contains every single amino acid your muscles need to repair and grow stronger. But what makes eggs truly extraordinary for rebuilding your muscle mass is an amino acid called leucine. Think of leucine as the key that starts your muscle building engine. Your aging muscles become more resistant to building new tissue, but leucine forces them to pay attention and start the rebuilding process. Here's something most people get wrong about eggs. They throw away the yolks. Don't make this mistake. The yolk contains vitamin D, which your muscles absolutely require to function properly. Without adequate vitamin D, your muscles become weak and unresponsive, no matter how much protein you eat. You should eat two to three whole eggs daily for optimal muscle building. Cook them gently, softboiled, poached, or scrambled over low heat. This preserves the delicate protein structure that makes eggs so effective. Have them for breakfast with whole grain toast or add hard-boiled eggs to your afternoon salad. The beauty of eggs is that they start working immediately. Within hours of eating eggs, your muscles begin receiving a steady stream of amino acids that fuel the rebuilding process. This is why eggs should be your first line of defense against muscle loss. While eggs are working their magic in your system, our second muscle building powerhouse takes the rebuilding process to the next level. Greek yogurt is like having a muscle building laboratory in a convenient cup. A single serving contains 20 g of protein. That's more than three whole eggs worth of muscle building power. What makes Greek yogurt particularly brilliant for your aging muscles is that it contains two different types of protein that work together like a perfectly orchestrated team. Whey protein gets absorbed quickly, immediately flooding your muscles with amino acids. Quin protein releases slowly over several hours, providing a continuous supply of muscle building materials. This dual protein system is exactly what your muscles need as you age. Your body becomes less efficient at using protein. So having both fast and slow acting proteins ensures that your muscles stay in building mode for hours after eating. Greek yogurt also delivers calcium and vitamin D in a form that your body can easily absorb. Your muscles need calcium to contract properly, and vitamin D deficiency is one of the hidden reasons why many seniors feel weak and unsteady. Choose plain Greek yogurt over flavored varieties, which are loaded with sugars that can actually interfere with muscle building. Add fresh berries for natural sweetness, or mix in a tablespoon of ground flax seed for omega-3 fatty acids that reduce muscle inflammation. The protein in Greek yogurt is so effective that research shows it can help seniors regain muscle mass even without exercise. Though combining it with physical activity amplifies the results dramatically. Building on the protein foundation from eggs and Greek yogurt, our third muscle building champion brings something extra to the table that your aging muscles desperately need. Salmon and other fatty fish. A 4 oz serving of salmon provides 25 gram of complete protein. But it's the omega-3 fatty acids that make this fish truly special for muscle rebuilding. As you age, your muscles develop chronic inflammation that acts like a break on the muscle building process. This inflammation makes it harder for your muscles to respond to protein and exercise. The omega-3 fatty acids in salmon, particularly EPA and DHA, are like turning off that inflammatory break and allowing your muscles to function like they did when you were younger. Recent breakthrough research has shown that omega-3s can actually restore the muscle building response in older adults to levels similar to younger people. This means that when you eat salmon, you're not just getting highquality protein. You're getting nutrients that help your body use that protein more effectively than it has in years. Salmon is also one of the few foods that naturally contains meaningful amounts of vitamin D. Many seniors are severely deficient in vitamin D without knowing it. And this deficiency can cut your muscle strength by up to 25%. Just two servings of salmon per week can significantly improve your vitamin D status. The key is choosing wild caught salmon when possible as it contains higher levels of omega-3s and fewer contaminants than farm-raised varieties. If fresh salmon isn't always available, canned salmon and sardines are excellent alternatives that are budget friendly and convenient. Don't overlook other fatty fish like mackerel, herring, and tuna. These fish provide the same muscle building benefits and can add variety to your meals while keeping your muscles in constant rebuilding mode. While fish provides the omega-3s your muscles crave, lean beef delivers something equally important that most other proteins can't match. A complete package of muscle building nutrients that work together in ways that will surprise you. A 3oz serving of lean beef provides 22 g of complete protein. But it's the additional nutrients that make beef a muscle building superstar. Lean beef is one of the richest sources of creatine in the diet. You might think creatine is just for young athletes, but research shows it's particularly beneficial for seniors. Creatine helps your muscles produce energy more efficiently, which means you can maintain your strength and power as you age. This is crucial because muscle power, the ability to generate force quickly, declines even faster than muscle mass as you get older. The iron in beef is particularly important for your muscles. Iron carries oxygen to your muscle cells, and iron deficiency can leave you feeling weak and fatigued even if you're eating adequate protein. The iron in beef is hemi iron, which your body absorbs much more efficiently than the iron found in plant foods. Beef also provides zinc in amounts that are difficult to get from other foods. Zinc is essential for protein synthesis and muscle repair. Even mild zinc deficiency can significantly impair your body's ability to build and maintain muscle mass, making adequate zinc intake crucial for seniors. Choose lean cuts like sirloin, tenderloin, or round cuts to get all these muscle building benefits while keeping saturated fat moderate. Grass-fed beef contains higher levels of omega-3 fatty acids and other beneficial nutrients compared to grain-fed beef. The key to preparing beef for optimal muscle building is using gentle cooking methods like slow cooking, brazing, or grilling at moderate temperatures. These methods keep the meat tender and preserve the protein quality while making it easier to digest. Following the powerful punch of lean beef, our fifth muscle building food might seem humble. But cottage cheese is actually one of the most strategically important foods for rebuilding your muscle mass. One cup contains an impressive 28 g of protein, making it one of the most protein dense foods you can eat. What makes cottage cheese particularly valuable for your aging muscles is its unique protein composition. Cottage cheese is primarily casein protein which digests slowly and provides a steady release of amino acids for up to 7 hours after eating. This extended release is crucial for seniors because your muscles need a constant supply of amino acids to stay in building mode. This slow release property makes cottage cheese perfect for eating before bedtime. While you sleep, your body goes into repair mode, and having a steady supply of amino acids available prevents your muscles from breaking down during the overnight fast. Many seniors unknowingly lose muscle mass during sleep because they don't have adequate amino acids available for repair and maintenance. Cottage cheese is also exceptionally rich in calcium and phosphorus, both of which are essential for muscle contraction. The calcium in cottage cheese is particularly well absorbed because it's paired with protein and other nutrients that enhance absorption. This is important because calcium absorption decreases with age, making it crucial to choose calcium sources that your body can actually use. The versatility of cottage cheese makes it easy to incorporate into your daily routine. Eat it straight from the container for a quick protein boost. Mix it with berries for a satisfying snack or use it as a base for dips and spreads. For maximum muscle building benefit, try cottage cheese with a small amount of fruit before bed. The combination provides both slow digesting protein and a small amount of carbohydrates that can improve protein utilization. Choose full fat cottage cheese when possible as the additional calories and fat soluble vitamins can be beneficial for seniors who may be underweight or have difficulty absorbing nutrients. While the previous foods have been primarily protein sources, our sixth muscle building champion brings something different to your plate that your muscles need just as much. Quinoa, the ancient grain that's actually a complete protein powerhouse. What makes quinoa revolutionary for muscle building is that it's one of the few plant foods that contains all nine essential amino acids in the right proportions. One cup of cooked quinoa provides 8 g of complete protein, but it's the combination of protein and complex carbohydrates that makes quinoa particularly effective for rebuilding muscle mass. The carbohydrates in quinoa help drive amino acids into your muscle cells, making the protein more effective than if you ate it alone. Quinoa is exceptionally rich in magnesium, a mineral that many seniors are deficient in without realizing it. Magnesium is involved in over 300 reactions in your body, including muscle contraction, protein synthesis, and energy production. When you're magnesium deficient, your muscles can't contract properly, and the muscle building process slows down significantly. The combination of complete protein and magnesium makes quinoa particularly valuable for seniors who experience muscle cramps or feel weak during physical activity. The magnesium helps your muscles contract and relax smoothly, while the protein provides the building blocks for stronger muscle fibers. Quinoa also provides iron and B vitamins, both of which are crucial for energy production and muscle function. The iron helps deliver oxygen to your muscles during activity, while B vitamins help your body convert food into energy that your muscles can use. The versatility of quinoa makes it easy to include in multiple meals throughout the day. Use it as a breakfast porridge with milk and fruit, as a base for lunch salads, or as a side dish with your protein source at dinner. The key is to rinse quinoa thoroughly before cooking to remove its natural coating, which can taste bitter. For maximum muscle building benefit, combine quinoa with one of our previous protein sources. Try quinoa with scrambled eggs for breakfast or serve it alongside salmon for dinner. Continuing our journey through plant-based muscle builders, lentils and their legume cousins, chickpeas, black beans, and kidney beans represent one of the most underestimated muscle building food groups available to seniors. One cup of cooked lentils provides 18 grams of protein along with a remarkable array of nutrients that support muscle health in ways that might surprise you. While legumes aren't complete proteins on their own, they're incredibly rich in lysine, an amino acid that's often lacking in grains. This is why traditional food combinations like rice and beans or hummus with pita bread are so nutritionally intelligent. They create complete proteins that rival those found in animal foods. Lentils are particularly rich in folate, a B vitamin that's essential for cell division and protein synthesis. As you age, your body's ability to absorb folate decreases. Yet, your need for it increases because folate is required for building new muscle cells. The folate in lentils helps ensure that your body can actually create new muscle tissue from the protein you're eating. The iron content in lentils is substantial, providing about 37% of your daily needs in just one cup. While this is non-heem iron that's not as easily absorbed as the iron in meat, you can dramatically improve absorption by eating lentils with vitamin C rich foods like tomatoes, bell peppers, or citrus fruits. Legumes also provide potassium, which is crucial for proper muscle function and preventing cramps. Many seniors don't get enough potassium, and this deficiency can contribute to muscle weakness and fatigue. The potassium in legumes helps your muscles contract efficiently and recover properly after activity. The fiber in legumes provides an additional benefit that's often overlooked in muscle building discussions. Fiber helps regulate blood sugar levels, preventing the spikes and crashes that can interfere with muscle building. Stable blood sugar also helps optimize hormone production, including growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor, both of which are important for muscle development. One of the greatest advantages of legumes is their convenience and affordability. Dried lentils cook quickly without requiring soaking, making them perfect for busy seniors. Canned legumes are equally nutritious and even more convenient. Just rinse them to reduce sodium content. From the substantial protein of legumes, we move to some of nature's most concentrated muscle building packages, nuts and seeds. These small but mighty foods pack an incredible nutritional punch that can significantly enhance your muscle building efforts. What makes nuts and seeds particularly valuable is their unique combination of protein, healthy fats, and essential minerals that work together to optimize muscle function. Almonds lead the way with 6 g of protein per ounce along with vitamin E, magnesium, and healthy monounsaturated fats. Vitamin E is a powerful antioxidant that protects your muscle cells from damage during exercise and recovery. As you age, your muscles become more susceptible to oxidative damage, making the antioxidant protection from almonds increasingly important. Pumpkin seeds are absolute powerhouses for muscle building, providing 9 g of protein per ounce, along with exceptional amounts of zinc and magnesium. The zinc in pumpkin seeds is particularly important for seniors because zinc deficiency becomes more common with age and can significantly impair muscle building and testosterone production. Just 1 oz of pumpkin seeds provides about 23% of your daily zinc needs. Chia seeds and flax seeds bring something special to your muscle building arsenal. Plant-based omega-3 fatty acids and complete proteins. 2 tablespoons of chia seeds contain 4 g of complete protein and provide all essential amino acids. These tiny seeds also expand when mixed with liquid, helping you feel full and satisfied while providing sustained energy. Walnuts are unique among nuts because they're exceptionally rich in alpha lolenic acid, a plant-based omega-3 fatty acid. While not as potent as the omega-3s found in fish, the ALA in walnuts still helps reduce inflammation and support muscle recovery. The combination of protein, healthy fats, and omega-3s makes walnuts particularly beneficial for seniors dealing with joint pain or muscle inflammation. The healthy fats in nuts and seeds serve multiple purposes for muscle building. They help reduce inflammation, support hormone production, and improve the absorption of fats soluble vitamins like vitamin D. These fats also provide concentrated energy that can fuel your workouts and daily activities. The key with nuts and seeds is understanding proper portion sizes. While they're incredibly nutritious, they're also calorie dense. A serving is typically 1 oz or about a small handful. This amount provides significant nutritional benefits without excessive calories. Try adding a variety of nuts and seeds to your daily routine. Sprinkle them on Greek yogurt, add them to salads, or enjoy a small handful as a between meal snack. Soaking nuts overnight can make them easier to digest if you have sensitive digestion. While nuts and seeds provide concentrated nutrition, our ninth muscle building food serves a different but equally important role in rebuilding your muscle mass. Sweet potatoes. Although sweet potatoes aren't high in protein themselves, they're absolutely essential for maximizing the muscle building potential of all the protein richch foods we've discussed. Here's why sweet potatoes are crucial for your muscles. They provide the high quality carbohydrates that your muscles need for energy. When you don't eat enough carbohydrates, your body starts breaking down the protein from your meals and using it for energy instead of muscle building. Sweet potatoes prevent this from happening by providing your body with its preferred energy source. One medium sweet potato provides sustained energy through complex carbohydrates that are absorbed gradually, preventing the blood sugar spikes and crashes that can interfere with muscle building. This steady energy supply helps optimize hormone production, including insulin, which plays a crucial role in driving amino acids into your muscle cells. Sweet potatoes are incredibly rich in beta carotene, which your body converts to vitamin A. Vitamin A is essential for protein synthesis and muscle growth. Yet, many seniors don't get adequate amounts. The beta carotene in sweet potatoes is particularly well absorbed when the potatoes are cooked with a small amount of fat, making them perfect paired with nuts or olive oil. The potassium content in sweet potatoes is substantial, providing more potassium per serving than bananas. This potassium helps prevent muscle cramps and supports proper muscle function during physical activity. Many seniors experience muscle cramps due to potassium deficiency, making sweet potatoes an excellent addition to a muscle building diet. Sweet potatoes also provide vitamin C which enhances iron absorption from plant-based sources and supports collagen synthesis. Collagen is important for maintaining the structural integrity of your muscles and connective tissues. The fiber in sweet potatoes helps slow the absorption of sugars. Maintaining stable blood sugar levels that support optimal muscle building. This fiber also promotes digestive health which is important for absorbing all the nutrients from your muscle building foods. Try baking sweet potatoes and topping them with Greek yogurt and nuts for a perfect post-workout meal. Sweet potato fries baked in the oven with a light coating of olive oil make an excellent side dish, and mashed sweet potatoes pair beautifully with any of our protein sources. Our final muscle building champion brings us full circle to one of nature's most perfectly designed muscle building beverages, milk. Whether you choose dairy milk or fortified plant-based alternatives, milk can be an exceptional addition to your muscle building arsenal, providing a unique combination of nutrients that work together in powerful ways. One cup of whole milk provides 8 g of complete protein. But what makes milk truly special is that it contains both whey and casein proteins in the ideal ratio. This means you get the immediate muscle building benefits of fast absorbing whey protein combined with the sustained amino acid release of slow digesting casein protein. This dual protein system is exactly what your aging muscles need to stay in building mode throughout the day. The whey protein in milk is particularly rich in leucine, the amino acid that acts as a trigger for muscle protein synthesis. Research has shown that the leucine content in milk can help overcome the age- related resistance to muscle building that many seniors experience. This makes milk especially valuable for older adults who need a stronger signal to start the muscle building process. Milk is also an excellent source of calcium and vitamin D, both of which are crucial for muscle function and often deficient in seniors. The calcium in milk is particularly well absorbed because it's paired with protein and phosphorus, creating an optimal environment for absorption. This is important because calcium absorption decreases significantly with age. The natural sugars in milk, primarily lactose, provide quick energy that can help fuel your workouts and support recovery. The combination of protein and carbohydrates in milk creates an ideal environment for muscle protein synthesis, making it an excellent post exercise beverage. Recent research has shown that drinking milk after resistance exercise can enhance muscle protein synthesis and promote muscle growth in older adults more effectively than many commercial sports drinks. The natural combination of nutrients in milk provides everything your muscles need for optimal recovery and growth. If you're lactose intolerant, don't worry. Lactose-free milk provides the same nutritional benefits without the digestive discomfort. Plant-based alternatives like soy milk, pea protein milk, or fortified almond milk can also be excellent choices. Just ensure they're fortified with calcium and vitamin D. For maximum muscle building benefit, try having a glass of milk with your post-workout meal. Use milk as the base for protein smoothies with fruits and nuts. or enjoy a warm glass of milk before bed to provide your muscles with overnight rebuilding materials. The beauty of milk is its convenience and versatility. It requires no preparation, travels well, and can be easily incorporated into meals and snacks throughout the day. Now that you understand the individual power of each of these 10 muscle building foods, the real magic happens when you learn to combine them strategically throughout your day. The key to fighting sarcopenia isn't just eating these foods individually. It's about creating a symphony of nutrients that work together to keep your muscles in constant rebuilding mode. Start your day with a protein richch breakfast that sets the tone for muscle building. Try scrambled eggs with a side of Greek yogurt topped with berries and crushed walnuts. This combination provides both fast and slow digesting proteins, antioxidants to reduce inflammation, and healthy fats to support hormone production. For lunch, consider a quinoa salad loaded with chickpeas, almonds, and pieces of grilled salmon. This meal provides complete proteins from multiple sources, complex carbohydrates for sustained energy, and omega-3 fatty acids for inflammation control. The variety of amino acid profiles ensures your muscles receive everything they need for optimal growth. Your afternoon snack becomes a strategic muscle feeding opportunity. Try cottage cheese mixed with chopped nuts and a small amount of fruit. Or create a smoothie using milk, Greek yogurt, and a handful of berries. These snacks help maintain steady amino acid levels in your blood, preventing muscle breakdown between meals. For dinner, combine lean beef with roasted sweet potatoes and a side of lentils. This combination provides complete proteins, energizing carbohydrates, and fiber to support digestion and blood sugar control. The sweet potatoes provide the energy your muscles need, while the beef and lentils deliver complimentary amino acid profiles. The timing of your protein intake is crucial for maximizing muscle building. Research shows that seniors should aim for 20 to 30 g of protein at each meal rather than having most of their protein at dinner. This approach helps optimize muscle protein synthesis throughout the day and prevents the muscle breakdown that can occur during long periods without adequate protein. Consider adding a bedtime snack of cottage cheese or a glass of milk. This provides your muscles with slow digesting proteins that prevent muscle breakdown during the overnight fast. Many seniors unknowingly lose muscle mass during sleep because they don't have adequate amino acids Beyond strategically combining these foods, several additional factors can dramatically enhance their muscle building effectiveness. First, and most importantly, stay consistently hydrated. Water is essential for protein synthesis and helps transport nutrients to your muscles. Dehydration can reduce muscle protein synthesis by up to 20%. Making adequate fluid intake crucial for muscle building. Consider the timing of your meals around physical activity. Eating a combination of protein and carbohydrates within two hours after exercise can help maximize muscle protein synthesis and recovery. This doesn't mean you need to eat immediately after exercise, but don't wait too long. The post exercise period is when your muscles are most receptive to building new tissue. Pay attention to your vitamin D status. Many seniors are severely deficient in this crucial nutrient, which can significantly impact muscle strength and function. While fatty fish and fortified milk provide some vitamin D, you may need supplements to reach optimal levels. Consult with your health care provider about testing your vitamin D levels and determining if supplementation is necessary. Cooking methods can significantly impact the nutritional value of your foods. Gentle cooking methods like steaming, poaching, and slow cooking help preserve protein quality while making foods easier to digest. Avoid overcooking proteins as excessive heat can reduce their biological value and make them less effective for muscle building. Consider your individual needs and any challenges you face with eating. If you have difficulty chewing or swallowing, focus on softer proteins like eggs, yogurt, cottage cheese, and ground meats. If you're vegetarian or vegan, make sure to combine different plant proteins throughout the day to ensure you're getting all essential amino acids. Don't underestimate the importance of consistency. Building muscle is a gradual process that requires consistent nutrition over weeks and months. You won't see dramatic changes overnight, but with persistent effort, you will notice improvements in your strength, energy, and overall vitality. Remember that these foods work best as part of an overall healthy lifestyle that includes regular physical activity, adequate sleep, and stress management. The nutrients in these foods provide the raw materials for muscle building, but your muscles need the stimulus of physical activity to actually grow stronger. As we conclude this comprehensive guide to the 10 most powerful foods for stopping sarcopenia and rebuilding muscle mass, I want you to understand that you now possess knowledge that can literally transform your physical capabilities and independence as you age. Sarcopenia might be common among seniors, but it's absolutely not inevitable when you know how to fight back with the right nutrition. These 10 foods: eggs, Greek yogurt, salmon and fatty fish, lean beef, cottage cheese, quinoa, lentils and legumes, nuts and seeds, sweet potatoes, and milk represent your arsenal in the battle against muscle loss. They're not expensive supplements with questionable benefits or hard to find exotic ingredients. They're real whole foods that have been supporting human health for generations and are available in every grocery store. The key to success is starting where you are and building gradually. You don't need to completely overhaul your diet overnight. Begin by incorporating one or two of these foods into your daily routine this week. Maybe start your day with eggs and Greek yogurt, or add a serving of salmon to your weekly meal plan. Small, consistent changes will compound into dramatic improvements over time. I encourage you to share this information with friends and family members who could benefit from it. Muscle loss affects millions of seniors, but with the right knowledge, we can help more people maintain their strength and independence as they age. If this information has been valuable to you, please give this video a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel for more evidence-based health and nutrition content designed specifically for seniors. Your support helps us continue providing this crucial information to people who need it

  Top Comments:
  1. @sundragirard8695 [11 likes]: I saw this a few months ago, but I had lost contact with Senior Nutrition.  Great to see you, again, Dr Reed!  Your information is excellent and well presented!  Thank you!
  2. @DublinCityHeart [3 likes]: I haven't been eating eggs and I miss it big time.
  3. @tatianalittle7324 [3 likes]: Thank you sooo much, Dr. Reed🤗 to eat what is right, Quinoa and sweet potato !! Upss, forgot my 2 to 3 eggs.
Fantastic what YOU said. ♡ GRACIAS
  4. @bebot4165 [3 likes]: Thank you for your sharing Doc for listing about food to eat about sarcopina ❤fr Philippines 🇵🇭 ❤❤❤
  5. @panchendrarajankandiah6572 [3 likes]: Thank you.
  6. @janicewilliams2194 [2 likes]: 77 . I have great muscle loss. They feel soft and squishy.
  7. @jumpropestairs6129 [2 likes]: I noticed seniors in slip and falls? People say seniors need to work on ballance, not so. They cant lift their legs up and over small cracks, Senior Shuffle
  8. @SeniorHealthVault-n4l [1 likes]: This is a very solid breakdown of foods that actually support muscle health as we age. I especially liked the emphasis on protein distribution throughout the day (20–30g per meal) most seniors don’t realize that timing matters just as much as total intake.

The point about leucine (from eggs, dairy, meat) helping trigger muscle building is also very important. That said, it’s worth remembering that food alone isn’t enough resistance training + nutrition together is what really slows sarcopenia.

Well, this is practical and easy to apply. Starting small with eggs, yogurt, or adding fish a few times a week is something most people can actually stick to.
  9. @robertyoung7383 [1 likes]: I am 83 years old
  10. @OnMyGrindNowForever [1 likes]: Lie. I eat 3 eggs everyday. Didn't stop no sarcopenia
  11. @Dr.SamuelNorwood [1 likes]: The video explains how to prevent and even reverse Sarcopenia in seniors through nutrition. It highlights 10 science-backed foods that support muscle maintenance by providing high-quality protein, essential amino acids (especially leucine), anti-inflammatory nutrients, and key vitamins/minerals like vitamin D, calcium, and magnesium. The speaker emphasizes combining these foods strategically throughout the day, maintaining protein timing (20–30g per meal), staying hydrated, and pairing nutrition with physical activity for optimal muscle rebuilding.
  12. @carolynmorris6599: Thank you for this valuable information.
I will definitely make all my meals based on your list, adding avocados and beets and olive oil.
  13. @HealthReset2k: Eggs, Greek yogurt, salmon, leafy greens, beef, cottage cheese, quinoa, lentils, nuts and seeds, sweet potato, and milk—solid nutrition list.
  14. @joyadvtr: Valuable, informative, and very helpful information about protein. Sarcopenia is something I am experiencing. Your complete explanation of why  adding more protein rich fiods to your everyday diet was very helpful.
  15. @maureensprich5216: ❤❤❤❤
  16. @lifemunusone8681: Thank you Dr for so precious advices
  17. @George-y1c: I am not going to listen to your nonsense for 28 minutes that you could tell us in 7 minutes.
  18. @jungefrau: Dr Thomas Reed is 100% AI
  19. @DrLiWie: 1:24
  20. @diann3880: AI?

- Protein intake for fat loss for Women over 50? - Dr. Stacy Sims - Postmenopause: Kind: captions Language: en talk to me about if you know we were working with a perimenopausal or a woman in that period of life the best nutritional approach I know you're a big fan of high protein your recommendation for protein are actually way higher than I would ever tell a client because they would like look at me like I was insane if I told them to eat as much protein as you do so why don't you talk about protein intake carbs and just an overall nutritional approach during that period if body composition change is the is the goal you know for clients listening if you're not familiar with some of the terminology losing body fat maintaining building muscle yeah exactly so again the first thing is ditching this trendy diets of like facet training intermittent fasting ketogenic because it's based on male data and it doesn't work because we know women do better in a Fed State regardless of age and when I say fed I mean 15 to 30 grams of protein and around 30 grams of carbohydrate before training and then after training around 35 or 40 grams of protein can be your real meal but you want to book in your training with food and part of that is because of the hypothalamus so the hypothalamus is an area in the brain is responsible for appetite control it's responsible for thyroid function endocrine function and for the Baseline calorie intake for women without any kind of dysfunction is 30 calories per kilogram fat-free Mass but for minutes 15. so men can get away with the passive training they give away with high high fat low carb all these kinds of crazy things and their body will be okay but for women it's not true now when we're also looking at what's happening in Harry menopause women are becoming more insulin resistant because uh estrogen progesterone are responsible for glucose homeostasis and we're becoming more anabolically resistant with regards to muscle tissues so when we look at it that way we know that we have to do our good lot of training and follow it up with that 35 to 40 gram protein dose well research where women didn't respond to a 20 gram dose and so they don't look to increase it but in the few that have looked increased women don't really start to get a muscle protein synthesis response until that 35 gram Mark which is around that three and a half gram Lucy mark because we have more anabolical resistance so if I'm not incorrect they're not seeing a muscle protein synthesis at 20 but it starts to happen at 40 where it happens much lower for men exactly and that's exactly telling a client that they should eat 40 grams of protein after a workout or in a typical meal is like you would think that I just told them to walk on their hands I know because part of it is I blame the um the 80s with you know the supermodels the Kate mod or I guess it's early 90s too the Kate Moss and uh Cindy crawfords and all the calories in calories out and fat burning and you know you don't eat carbs and don't eat protein because you'll get bulky but nut and bold of it is women don't eat enough around the times that their body needs it so like women will get up they'll have a black coffee they'll go training they might have a banana or half a protein shake afterwards and then they're like oh I'm full till lunch or after lunch and I get busy and then they might have lunch at one o'clock which is probably a salad with something protein if we're lucky and then they'll have dinner and then they'll go to bed and they're bookending their calories more towards the back half of the day but all the stress has occurred earlier in the day so their body stays in a breakdown state stays in a catabolic State and the brain perceives that as oh we need to conserve so you start to get thyroid dysfunction you start to get more accumulation of body fat and it's really really really really difficult to budget until you start to over your nutrition around the stress points in your in your day so you know if women are like oh I'm doing intermittent fasting I really want to do this it's like well do more time restricted eating where you don't eat after dinner and then you have breakfast because then you can get some of the benefits of the health research but if you're an active Woman by the nature of exercising you are getting that metabolic space are getting some autophagy you're getting all the benefits they talk about from fasting through exercise so when we start talking about it that way and they go okay now that we're in our late 40s early 50s we have to look at carbohydrate intake because we're a bit more sensitive so we want the both of our carbohydrate to be for veggies and fruit except around around training is a time where you can have more simple carbohydrate especially after training when your body's like I need some let's let's bring it in so we can really leverage the training points to allow people to manipulate their favorite foods and not feel deprived and then when we talk about protein it's really hard for people to imagine what 40 grams of protein looks like so we really talk about it in dosing across the day for every meal you want a protein Source that's around Palm size and the thumb worth of lean protein for every meal for every snack that you have you want 15 grams what's 15 grams it's two-thirds a cup of Chobani yogurt or it's two hard-boiled eggs so people can start to kind of visualize what protein is because when you tell someone oh you need to eat two grams per kilogram of body weight or around a gram per pound and that's 120 to 160 grams a day people like what but it's so essential now to really moderate your carbohydrate intake with protein to help with the insulin resistance but also because we are more anabolically resistant we need that protein to keep building that lean mass because we don't have estrogen to help stimulate it so just to reiterate that because I know my clients are probably you know again still trying to do the calculations um in the states if a client was 150 pounds you know you would recommend about 1.25 grams per body weight so 175 180 grams of protein a day or higher so we say 2 to 2.3 grams per kilo so it's around 1.1 to 1.3 grams per pound yeah so your weight times 1.1 or 1.3 is is like and is that a baseline Monday through Sunday or is there a on days that you train there's this and off days you do this or is that kind of the average that you want to hit you know overall when we're doing heavy strength training days and heavy um uh actual training days you wouldn't hit the higher end the Baseline for like what we want to hit on a daily basis is about 1.8 so that it sits around that one gram per pound yeah um but really it's the dosage where you're having it regular doses across the day instead of concentrating on absolute macro that you want to intake just think about it as how much I want to have it every meal so if you are someone who eats chicken per se you have uh one chicken breast on lots of different colorful veg and you're topping it up with some beans maybe some nuts and then you're gonna hit that 40 Grand Mark pretty easily but it's just the education is lacking in the states well everywhere really because we've lost health education and nutrition within our school systems yeah now is that is that number based across the board all body types or is there you know so if somebody came in they were they weighed 350 pounds you know is that still the recommendation versus is you know a woman that was 180 pounds that wanted to lose body fat so if someone comes in and there are 300 then we really go on the dosing through the day where we're like okay after exercise we're hitting that 35 to 40 gram every meal we want around 40 grams because when we're up that high with our body weight then you can definitely tip over any amount of calories that they're consuming in a day so when we get down to the 180th this is where we can look and say okay we can look and use those guidelines but we want to take those guidelines again make sure you're getting it across the bay so some people will be like well I'm 160 and my ideal weight is 140 what should I go on we know that the higher protein intake also helps with body fat loss because it is allowing you to conserve your lean mass and also increasing the amount of circulating amino acids that your body will use for other functions instead of stripping down your lead mask because you're in a calorie deficit

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichelleBlackChannel [13 likes]: Love this conversation — but for so many women I’ve worked with, just increasing protein hasn’t been enough. After 50, if the gut is inflamed or hormones are out of sync, the body can’t use that protein the way it should. Once that root is addressed, everything finally starts to shift — not just fat loss, but energy, sleep, cravings. More women need to hear this 💛
  2. @kathynewkirk683 [10 likes]: Some of the earlier influencers are changing their thinking on keto and fasting as new data is coming out against it!  As a long term keto and fasting person, my ears perked up!  I started listening!  I’m no longer keto or a faster.  Do my 3 high protein meals, exercised daily and that’s it.
  3. @cr-iv1el [3 likes]: Not only do we lack education, we lack science. Nutritionists do not recommend what you are saying. Not to mention the meatless movement adds inflammation to the struggle for many.
  4. @orchidmuse [3 likes]: I eat 40-60g of protein from animal sources twice a day, so it makes 100-120g daily. And same or more fat from the same source and butter. I can't imagine eating more food to it than 80g of carbs like zucchini or 100g of cucumber to it. I am so satisfied. And this IS Keto. What is this woman talking about? Keto is the perfect diet to women if they don't afraid and eat fat to it. Fat is the energy source.
  5. @wendywertz8828 [3 likes]: The actual long term research on protein is kilograms per pound of ideal body not pounds per ideal body weight ! Ppl get this so screwed up ! Example I’m 5’2” weight 120 pounds …. Divide 120 by 2.2 and that equals 54 ….. that’s minimum protein grams I need daily ! But the upper limit is 54 times 2 so that’s 108 grams I can eat daily but that’s if I’m doing heavy body building ! Stop telling people it’s 1 gram per pound of body weight ! It 1 to 2 grams PER KILOGRAM OF BODY WEIGHT 😣 ppl keep getting it wrong and women are eating too much protein and if it’s not used it’s store and raises blood sugar and A-1C !!!!!!!!
  6. @anickdupont185 [2 likes]: 1.2 gr per pound of weight or DESIRED weight?
  7. @BeHappy-64 [2 likes]: I look forward to this protein increase
  8. @leticialealreal [2 likes]: Dr. Sims is great!!
  9. @SolrenCaelwyn [1 likes]: So what do you think of Prof Christopher Gardner from Stanford’s take that protein is being eaten to much. Zoe interview
  10. @bathildis6590 [1 likes]: Danke
  11. @shantishanti1949 [1 likes]: Terrible sound from the guest. Pity. Good info.
  12. @wendywertz8828 [1 likes]: Bullshit I don’t eat that much high protein and I gain substantial muscle at 55 menopausal lift weights 3 days a week
  13. @SheldonBarragry: :face-fuchsia-tongue-out::hand-purple-blue-peace::face-purple-sweating:
  14. @teachertrx1204: Has anyone had any luck with McDougall program? I read t. Colin Campbell's the China study and Dr. Esselstyn's work and Dean Ornish's, too, which is no animal protein and very low fat and high carb for heart health. 
But I am struggling with food cravings and weight gain now. Protein seems to keep it at bay
  15. @JacquiSalazar-tj3pc: The sound is bad, it cuts off the end of many words. Very annoying
  16. @TheMrsMenes: How in the world am I supposed to hit these protein marks as a vegetarian, let alone vegan??!?!
  17. @alexandra.bodygoals: This is a great video & very important information for women ! 

I am 60 years and i follow this type of lifestyle routine since 28 years 😃 and it works amazing. I am always healthy and in my best shape 

My result 🥰 ➡ WAIST 70 cm HIPS 98 cm 😍 (I am 182 tall) 
Body fat value 21%, lean muscle mass 55.5kg 👍
  18. @JulianaAndersson: ….we all blame the 80’s… bwahahahaha
  19. @cryssy156: What is your not training per se but regular exercise. How much protein per kg and carbs do you usually recommend
  20. @Snackcat57: Honestly she’s a bit confusing. So if I weigh 150, how many grams of protein should I eat per meal?

- Age-Related Muscle Loss (Sarcopenia): Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about a condition called sarcopenia&nbsp; age-related muscle loss now the greek word for&nbsp;&nbsp; sarcopenia means poverty of your flesh now&nbsp; sarcopenia is atrophy which is shrinkage&nbsp;&nbsp; and degeneration of your skeletal muscles&nbsp; those are the large muscles in the body&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as the quality of function of those&nbsp; muscles now normally sarcopenia starts with&nbsp;&nbsp; two specific areas in your body the&nbsp; quadricep that's the front part of your thigh&nbsp;&nbsp; and then the abdominal muscles you just start&nbsp; losing the abdominal muscles so it's difficult&nbsp;&nbsp; to do a sit-up so then as it progresses you get&nbsp; a loss of the mass of muscle throughout the body&nbsp;&nbsp; you also lose your appetite to a certain&nbsp; degree you have a risk of falling and many&nbsp;&nbsp; times there's no symptoms until it becomes very&nbsp; very severe it's worsened by becoming immobile&nbsp;&nbsp; just not moving it's worse than by nutritional&nbsp; efficiencies and definitely a lack of exercise&nbsp;&nbsp; or motion there's two factors to look at&nbsp; when someone has sarcopenia number one&nbsp;&nbsp; the initial muscle mass and number two the&nbsp; rate of muscle mass decline the loss of weight&nbsp;&nbsp; and how rapid that occurs and that's really a&nbsp; good way to determine if you have sarcopenia&nbsp;&nbsp; but here's the question what do you do about&nbsp; it the most important thing is to add exercise&nbsp;&nbsp; routine regular consistent exercise it can&nbsp; dramatically slow the rate of muscle loss&nbsp;&nbsp; especially if you do a resistance type training&nbsp; where you're working the whole body and you can&nbsp;&nbsp; use your own body weight as well whether it's&nbsp; push-ups or sit-ups etc number two vitamin d&nbsp;&nbsp; very very important minimally 10,000 ius but you&nbsp; probably want to go to 20,000 iu's next nutrient&nbsp;&nbsp; which is very important omega-3 fatty acids which&nbsp; is in fish oils or cod liver oil and then number&nbsp;&nbsp; four amino acids now i'm not biased on my own&nbsp; amino acids but keto essential amino acids has&nbsp;&nbsp; a very unique blend of all the essential&nbsp; amino acids that you should take especially&nbsp;&nbsp; leucine leucine has been found to stimulate uh&nbsp; muscle growth and prevent the loss of muscle so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's really good for muscle atrophy and then we&nbsp; have something called h m b which is beta hydroxy&nbsp;&nbsp; beta methyl butyrate and this compound based&nbsp; on several studies has shown to significantly&nbsp;&nbsp; reduce the loss of muscle all right thanks for&nbsp; watching and i will see you in the next video&nbsp;&nbsp; hey before you go if you're benefiting&nbsp; from any of my content i would love&nbsp;&nbsp; to hear about your success story&nbsp; please share it in the link down below

  Top Comments:
  1. @inkmetal1 [4 likes]: if you can't walk how do you exercise?
  2. @ellenarnett3527 [4 likes]: We knew nothing about Sarcopenia 2 months ago. It just popped up on my YouTube "Recommended for you" list.

Wow! What a game changer! Learning about the absolute necessity of hydration for preventing Sarcopenia totally ended our apathy about prioritizing hydration. We have been adding Native Hydrate to every drop of water we drink.
  3. @Drberg [2 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  4. @RicKipp [2 likes]: My wife is too weak to do exercise what can I do to help her
  5. @terrace1 [2 likes]: Dr Burg did you know that there are other YouTubers copying your videos and posting them here on YouTube 
🤔🤔🤔
  6. @verodecker7654 [1 likes]: I have pretty bad sarcopenia 0 butt cheeks! Thighs look weird I can’t seem to get them to stop getting worse I’m looking up exercises now.
  7. @gsssprocket [1 likes]: DR BERG,  YOU HAVE HELPED ME SO VERY MUCH,   IT IS PEACE OF MIND TO  KNOW THAT I GET PURE,  VERY BEST PRODUCTS FROM YOU!!1 AND  YOUR FREE , AWESOME VIDEO S HAVE TURNED  MY LIFE AROUND FOR  GREATER HEALTH!  I PRAY FOR U AND FAMILY  DAILY.  JESUS BLESS YOU, FOR EVER!
  8. @hartgary49: 64 i do resistance training and walk as i have all my life but I still see it creeping in
  9. @Indigo-mind-67: I'm dealing with incomplete spinal cord injury. Although I have movement of all muscles below the lumbar injury/surgery site, muscles are not 100%. 
I noticed upper calves are wrinkled and look kind of 'empty' for lack of a better word. Any suggestions anyone? Dr. Berg?
  10. @zakattack3856: My husband seems to be in this boat. Should regular pt help or Henderson his issue?
  11. @deanaburnham9571: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  12. @Findingfrequency999: I am almost 67. I think I have had some degree of sarcopenia for a long time. I had gastric bypass surgery (Roux-n-y) in 2007. Lost about 100lbs by June and then had an internal hernia and small bowel obstruction in June of 2008 with secondary wound infection.  I was nauseous and couldn’t eat for about 6 weeks lost another 35 lbs which put me at 50% of my beginning weight at my one year surgery appointment in Aug 2008.  I was so weak I couldn’t open a screw top bottle, and many doors. I was unable to be on my feet for more than about 10 mins, if that. 
Never seemed to be able to get all of my strength back, but I did get to functioning and working my 12 hr nursing shifts at the hospital. Exhaustion followed me. Didn’t have a normal appetite and didn’t eat much but gained some weight, about 15-20 lbs, then lost that again and was barely eating. I had no idea how much protein I should be eating or was eating, but I am guessing many days I didn’t get even half what I should have been getting. Mild depression set in with a bit of brain fog. I wanted to do things but everything seemed to just wipe me out, so I did less and less. Did a weight loss diet a few years ago, and some yoga and walking and it was exhausting me. I finally got a bit better and then slacked off. I had still never looked at protein. Recently I started a moderately low carb diet, higher protein diet. I’m trying to get about 110 gums of protein and keep my carbs under 100 gums, around 1330-1400 calories. I have started lifting weights and walking, adding a rebounder just this week. The exercise was really wearing me out the first few weeks…..I am at about week 5 and starting to get less tiredness but still getting that. I have absolutely no craving for carbs or sweets which had always been a problem for me on my previous lower protein diet. My weight loss initially a few pounds but now has stopped or even gone up about a 1.5-2 lbs. BUT, my waist has gone down 2”, my hips 2.25”. My chest has gone up .25”, I haven’t been measuring my thighs but they feel tighter in my pants and firmer on top. I have been able to slowly increase what I am lifting at the gym. So I don’t know if sarcopenia is reversible, but I am trying. I have been taking creatine daily and l-citrulline on workouts days. Need to add the leucine, it sounds like.
I hadn’t heard much talk about sarcopenia but thought to myself how I would see people at the hospital who seemed weak for no reason other than inactivity. I don’t want that to be me. My daughter had a neuromuscular disease that left her unable to move and took her life.  She would have given anything to be able to walk. Health is precious, we have to work our bodies to keep them going as long as we can!
  13. @williammonahan8893: Dr Berg l started my journey 10 plus  years ago... you were my first  mentor on you tube.  I lost 50 lbs in the first 4 years and have kept it off ... it started  back in the early fasting and smoothie days 2016 or so. Now at nearly  67 and active my interest  are in prostate health and sarcopenia ... lol ... but the the journey is dynamic  and as a 45 year  health professional l thank you.
  14. @gwenratner6200: Can you reverse sarcopina?
  15. @crushmixnshake: 1
  16. @verodecker7654: Your videos on kidneys and cortisol has helped me improve kidney function.
  17. @EternalJoy5479: Dr. Berg is it possible to make my butt not only firmer but bigger again? I am 54, thin, and have lost muscle mass in my butt and thighs. I am in good shape otherwise. All my life have received compliments on my shapely legs and inquiries as to how my legs got that way. I currently have very nice muscular arms but use them alot as well. I have good genes thankfully. I had a desk job from my mid 30's until 2020 when I lost my job due to cut backs from Covid. I stay busy at home w house work, yard work, and a part time job for an older couple since Feb, doing landscaping, lifting, cleaning and whatever they need. This PT job has helped my arms look even better than ever. I have been making and eating L reuteri fermented dairy for a couple months now hoping to see great improvements in muscle mass and help my very dry, saggy skin. Not seeing much change yet but I realize 2 months is not really that long. I sleep better but not every night like I hoped. I am also again dealing with breakouts around my mouth and down the middle of my face. Could be too much dairy, I suspect cottage cheese but I love it. Plus I am trying to put on weight and my diet is limited due to many foods triggering severe migraines lasting 72 hrs per episode. I am doing much much better as I learn more from you (started watching you and eating healthy keto about 2yrs ago). No doubt I could do a better job following your healthy keto plan. I would love to have a nice butt again and gain some weight to fill out my still sagging skin. God bless you and yours! Thank you for you many videos!
  18. @annemakeig9016: Very helpful, thanks.
  19. @AgelessVitalityNow60s: This was really informative! I learned that consistent resistance exercise can dramatically slow down age-related muscle loss like sarcopenia. Thanks for the clear explanation.
  20. @WellnessWisdom011: Really informative video. I learned that consistent resistance exercise is key to slowing down age-related muscle loss. Thanks for sharing!

- How Protein Helps Gain Lean Muscle and Fat Loss | Women Over 50: Kind: captions Language: en so what's the real answer to how much protein do you actually need I'm going to answer that based on the answers that came from several of our speakers for the what why and when to exercise for women over 40. if you missed it I'm going to place the link you can go back and look at the recordings if we're still in it you can jump in now and it's free so you're not out anything and you potentially get the opportunity to jump into the rest but here's the confusion all right so 40 years I've been in Fitness and this is still a point of confusion and it's emotional what we eat when we eat it how we eat it is emotional so that's why protein is such a big factor but if you're a female and you're in midlife or menopause the risk of insulin resistance is really great so as your hormones change and estrogen declines you don't have stimulus for muscle you're gonna struggle a little bit with building muscle because you also have less testosterone and you have less DHEA we don't hear as much about that one but it's like a precursor to testosterone and estrogen and here's how that works it's like if you don't take algebra you should not go on to trigonometry because you're going to be lost right same thing if you don't have DHEA you can't actually make the testosterone and estrogen and testosterone you can make from the right habits like um hit not endurance endurance kills testosterone from doing strength training from getting good sleep from you're you're going to increase your chances or your odds of creating it if you leave the sugar including alcohol or foods that turn to sugar out of your diet let's come back to how much protein you need and why we need it so if you're putting on fat around the mid section even if you didn't gain weight but you're just like this is not the belly that you used to have you've got an issue potentially with a little bit more insulin resistance meaning for everything that you eat even if it's the same as you used to eat it takes a little bit more insulin going into your system to get that blood sugar back down after a meal well when insulin is present you're in fat storage mode so that's not going to work very well if each meal you have more and more insulin it takes hours for it to come back down and it's actually unfortunately even worse than that so once you raise your insulin level for the day that day is kind of a wash so don't start your morning with high carbohydrates because that increases your blood sugar levels it increases the amount of insulin you have to have and for the rest of the day you're more easily in fat storage and you're just trying to play catch up so start with a high protein diet but how much so here's the key things I want you to remember number one the biggest and most important two times of day for you to get a high protein meal we'll talk about how much what's high in a moment our breakfast when you're breaking your overnight Fast breakfast so you get a big hit of here you go muscle let's come back to life and the end of the day right before you go into your fast so those are key those are your anchors for anytime you're not eating and anytime you're not exercising your muscle protein synthesis falls down muscle protein synthesis what does that mean it means the ability to use protein from food we eat for the benefit and the building block of Arlene muscle because if we're not getting enough protein we're going to struggle to gain lean muscle or to even maintain it so there's lots of levels we could be looking at you're at a point of muscle loss so you could stop that and then all we're doing is preserving it we're going to keep what you've got but more of us are going to want to gain lean muscle Because by the time we're 60 and some of you watching you're 60 but don't think it's too late don't hang it up you will have a harder time gaining lean muscle we lose it even more at a faster rate after the age of 60. between 30 and 60. we lose three to eight percent every decade of Our Lives now the three percent is probably those people who are actively strength training and actively eating a high amount of protein and getting good sleep and rest not too stressed because stress or the cortisol hormone tears down your muscle so eight percent probably is those of us who weren't strength training as regularly as maybe we were doing other things could have been active but you weren't doing as much good for holding on to or gaining lean muscle and if you had x amount of money in the bank and you start to withdraw you're either withdrawing really quickly or on a slower Pace same thing is true for your muscle true for bone two but we won't go there so beginning of the day really key that you get a high protein breakfast late in the day your last meal don't just decide well I'm not very hungry for dinner unless you can think back and say my last meal was at what time and how high was my protein content that last meal of the day really you want to be planned and on purpose okay so let's talk about how much protein so in the course of a day this came from Dr Gabrielle Lyons this is also something that Dr Stuart Phillips talked about and they gave it an expressed two different ways so Dr Phillips is a researcher in a clinical setting at a university working with grad students coming up with research on a regular basis semester after semester and what typically is used in that more clinical administrative kind of academic setting is a certain grams of protein per kilograms of body weight and that's what he used and how he expressed it so the difference is that when you do the math it may be slightly different than the way Dr Gabriel Lyons and many of us are adapting to since about 2008 2010-2013 more and more Fitness pros and dietitians will recommend it this way because it makes sense it's user friendly you're not going to get out a calculator at lunch and say what's the percentage of protein I'm having you're not going to get one out and say okay per kilogram of body weight well first I have to figure out what my pound is in kilograms right okay you can get there and then I need a gram of protein or some ratio do you see how complicated it gets it's not user friendly that when we express it like this your lean or your ideal body weight in pounds and then and a lot of people are saying how do I know what that is well at one point in your life probably you felt good you were at your more ideal body weight now you can use as kind of a subjective guess you know based on height and weight scales and this is not totally comprehensive it's not conclusive but it will give you a good idea of here's a range that is healthy what we need to know is more of that is muscle and not fat but if I for instance weigh and I'm just going to throw this out because it's easy for me to talk about myself I know my weight right so if I weigh 130 134 right now but I feel most healthy at now that doesn't mean no Struggle No deprivation no over exercise nothing is going on that makes me just I can't do that realistically I met my ideal at about 126 to 128 so I could probably stand to lose about six pounds and feel better that would be my ideal body weight now I don't want to be 126 and 35 body fat because that still classified as obese I want to be somewhere between 18 and 28 body fat is kind of a healthy range and each of us has a place along that Mark where we Thrive and there's a place then where if we're trying to do this this is almost I can't keep this up or if you're a woman who has a regular cycle if you go too low you may stop cycling it will it won't work and it's it's very unique to individuals I have worked with many many students like 200 students every semester for 15 years tested them all with body composition pre and post and there's all different kinds of healthy and worked with hundreds and thousands of women otherwise since looking at their own levels in smart scales and Reporting them and what we find is some women Thrive and they're they look in in our behaving as healthy at a percent body fat of 27 or 28 percent others do really well at say 20 but it is if you're striving for a number and that is just a goal but it's actually not where you feel the most healthy that's where you get into trouble so you want to be thinking you know what if I'm eating healthy sleeping healthy dealing with stress really well I'm exercising in a safe sane way and I can do that for the rest of my life where where's my percent body fat then when I feel good around the clock that is most related to your percent body fat but let's come back to just weight so it doesn't matter what the composition of that weight is but that's how you would determine when was it I felt my best and if you've never been there using a chart and you can you can find that and just Google it and say okay what's a height weight what's an appropriate weight for someone who is five four or five eight and get a good idea and there will be some you know with a frame if you can take your fingers Around Your Finger longest finger and your thumb around your wrist and you can touch you are an average frame so your bony structure is average if they overlap you're a smaller frame and if they don't touch there's a gap between them you're a larger frame person that's going to affect where your weight would be as well okay so but I don't think you need to make this really complicated and from that so if I want to it feel best at 128 let's say I need and want 128 grams of protein per day but here's how we take it we just say here you go just add it up and at the end of the day if you've got that you're good to go no we need to take it more like it's a a prescription drug so somebody gives you a prescription for say penicillin because you've got something that we need to kick out of there it's given in doses generally of three times a day I want you to take this kind of a breakfast lunch and a dinner evenly distributed so it stays in your bloodstream right and similarly with protein we want to take it so it's evenly distributed but what we also know is if you start with a higher protein breakfast muscle protein synthesis gets a bump that means your your muscles are like getting fed okay and that starts to come down after an hour and then two hours and three and four hours and you need another bump but breakfast is potentially for most of us a little closer to lunch than lunch to dinner right so if you already had a really big breakfast you may it's coming down but you may not need such a huge bump again you just need a little bump let's bring it back up and then it will start coming back down and that last meal of the day you want a big bump because you're about to go into an overnight fast so if you think about Distributing if it feels hard to get another high protein lunch in that middle meal of the day don't worry about it quite as much if it's not as high here's the number though that is your threshold so let's say you're pedaling a bicycle uphill and you can't quite get uphill you know I mean you got to turn around and go back home right and similarly if you don't get over the threshold for muscle protein synthesis we haven't really done your muscles any good like we didn't get delivery to them so it's like it went to the wrong address so you've got to get 30 grams of protein out of meal now you might say 25 to 30 is kind of the range given but I would say shoot higher because most women are struggling to eat as much as they need so about 30 grams of protein what does that look like if you go here your palm to your first knuckle just fold that down and then about three quarters of an inch thick if you can just eyeball shrimp salmon a bison burger you can have turkey you can have halibut and cod you can have uh elk venison I like wild Meats because it's raised better and we are what our protein sources ate and I know some of you may be plant-based and I will I won't go into why there's a higher quality of protein that comes from animal protein sources in terms of the essential amino acids that you take in but it is true that you'll eat fewer calories much of them or much less carbohydrate intake when you're taking in your animal protein so the key things are your body weight impounds or your ideal body weight impounds in grams of protein the distribution of that evenly or really high really high and just get another little bump in there and that actually is much better for you than just saying okay randomly I'm going to have a snack and count that protein because if it was below 30 and most snacks are it's not actually helping the muscle protein synthesis it will help potentially you uh not get hungry Stay full it'll help your satiety but it won't necessarily help anything as far as giving your muscles the bump so have a good high quality meal and it will high protein keep you full longer especially if you add fiber to that protein and fiber kill Cravings golden so they're also lend themselves to a better body composition which is what we all want so things to consider and last but not least the question that we often get is okay what about days when I exercise or strength train versus days that I don't do I still need the protein and the answer is yes so in your recovery from strength training your use and repair that's going on in the recovery still uses up extra protein and extra energy for 24 or if it was a challenging workout can be up to 48 or 72 hours so that's why we want to spread those workouts out so the repair definitely happens and you're boosting your metabolism to your body your circulatory system is actually doing much more repair and the protein will keep your energy up generally people who are eating poorly between workouts or those who are more sore more achy and those who begin to eat more protein number one right away have more energy so the workout is better and higher quality but so too is the recovery you feel good you feel energetic and you're expending more calories than on your rest days because you want to be more active you've got the energy to spend so I hope that was helpful no matter what you're doing for strength training if you're not eating in a way that supports your growing Nutley muscle mass with definitely high protein we're not going to ignore carbohydrates you need some you need some high quality carbs with that as well but there's your tips on just how much protein do I really need I'd love to hear your questions subscribe not to miss any part and if you haven't gotten into the what when and why the exercise for women 40 and over I'm going to put the link up and down see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Flipping50TV [3 likes]: From The What, When & Why to Exercise for Women 40+ online event https://www.flippingfifty.com/womensexercise
  2. @towardsthelight4919 [3 likes]: I love your channel I just want to ask I’m 5 ‘1” at the moment I’m 56.5 kg I like to get to at least 52 kg but I’m finding because of my height my calorie intake according to my height is much lower so when I try and eat for example 115-120g of protein a day plus vegetables I end up eating  more calories than I need for my height so losing those last 4 kg it’s really hard. I do weight training three days a week at the gym and I’m lifting heavy and in between I do long walks or swimming and now have incorporated a couple of 10 second sprints.
So what’s happening is that my weight is stable but I’m getting muscle wastage if I cut my calories or don’t have many carbohydrates as I’m doing high-protein low to moderate carbohydrate and at times I can get extremely tired and find it hard to do my weight training ….I wish I was 5 foot 10 because I’m still lifting the same amount I of weight but I have to eat less calories…by the way I’m 63 help ! 😢
  3. @thegemyniwoman3230 [2 likes]: I am 54 and going through menopause now. I am in training to Achieve an Ifbb card. 194 lbs to 177.5 . 🎉❤. It's going well. Thank you for your guidance.
  4. @cks5631 [1 likes]: Vegan has never been a natural way of eating. Our Body’s are made to work most efficiently with variety of  fruits/ vegetables, meats and good fats.
  5. @joybrown5325 [1 likes]: Fantastic video!
  6. @lorettarobinson2263 [1 likes]: Maybe it's just me, and not to be rude, but I just found the video to be a lot of explaining when I just want to hear the points I'm looking for.
  7. @lillyr1786 [1 likes]: I’m vegetarian but I do shakes that are 30 g for my protein. And my meal. I do my best to buy the best protein shakes other protein I eat is eggs, cottage cheese, and Greek yogurt. I’m getting 120g a day. My ideal weight is 130-135
  8. @SuperSamantina [1 likes]: Stop waffling woman n get to the point
  9. @susanawgul4090 [1 likes]: I’ve been averaging about 42 g of protein at a meal. Is that too high?
  10. @BrendaStewart-e3u [1 likes]: Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I love the way you explain the How- What- When and Why! Your awesome!
  11. @LH-jh4zj [1 likes]: WOW, this is so helpful! Am about to turn 53, very tall and thin with little muscle my whole life, don't like the flab :( quit exercising about 4 years ago, picked up a tiny bit in March. YOU LOOK GREAT! Thank you!
  12. @thegemyniwoman3230 [1 likes]: I am intermittent fasting. Is that good.
  13. @annelovesadoption4714 [1 likes]: Post menopause. 41. I have been having a little bit of carb with my breakfast and dinner is it wrong to have carbs in with breakfast? Just to help with sleep??
  14. @skincraftorganicsllc8537 [1 likes]: Great content Debra - thank you! I'm a 4'9.75" 78 lb 65-year-old and have been eating much more protein & doing a lot of strength training and now have muscles where I never had them my entire life!! Anyway, as tiny as I am, should I still get 30 grams of protein a meal? Since I use Cronometer, I sometimes end up with over 90 grams of protein because it not only counts the high-quality protein sources, it also counts the protein in sweet potatoes, arugula, nuts & collagen... but the actual protein from animals & yogurt is more around 70... what to do???
  15. @Dee-vi3up [1 likes]: I've been hearing, "eat more protein, eat more protein" for a few years now but you are the first person to clearly explain why that is important and the best way to do that. Thank you!
  16. @wanjirukomo3506 [1 likes]: Bullshit go to the point
  17. @amberashley7559 [1 likes]: Do we need to take dhea
  18. @courageousfitfemale [1 likes]: This was so insightful. How about protein intake post-hiit workout?
  19. @eveningstar1: Thank you!
  20. @loriflowers1153: What should i eat for breakfast

- Do This to Lose Fat & Build Muscle at the Same Time | Dr. Gabrielle Lyon’s Fat Loss Keys: Kind: captions Language: en doing the impossible losing fat building muscle at the same time the bottom line is it is entirely possible protein seems to be at the Forefront of it but I have an expert in the world of muscle mass and someone that really has dedicated their entire life's work to muscle to strength to protein she studied under some of the best she's one of the most renowned medical doctors in this field she's made a huge name for herself Dr Gabrielle Lyon so we're going to go back and forth a little bit I can't wait thanks so much for having me so I'll let you kind of take it away on the muscle side initially and we'll kind of bounce back and forth I'll tackle fat loss you tackle muscle I just love this conversation because the two major issues as we age you ready number one loss of skeletal muscle and number two gain in body fat these are the things that really plague us as we age from a body composition perspective yeah it's it's interesting and they both go hand in hand and they both feed off of each other and people tend to think that they need to uh like tackle both separately when in reality there's so much overlap because a lot of the things that we're doing for muscle are the same things that we do for fat loss so letting you sort of lead off like what are some sort of these these Keys like one key that people need to be paying attention to when it comes down to building muscle yeah I mean really nailing your protein and the current recommendation is 0.8 grams per kg and there's some great studies out there that have done graded protein studies so they'll look at an individual's body composition at 0.8 grams per kilogram of protein and then they'll double it to 1.6 so they'll do two times the RDA 1.6 grams per kg and then the third one will be three times the RDA and what they found was that individuals who were also undergoing resistance training that they lost more weight in terms of fat mass and maintain skeletal muscle and lean mass on by just by simply doubling the RDA and their body essentially was going through recomposition interesting and all they did is so and this is in tandem with resistance training right this was in tandem with resistance training okay so all they did in this case is minimal double the RDA which is not saying much to be candidate that's right but it's amazing that when looking at the the RDA group they when they were dining so this was groups in calorie deficit they lost 50 of lean body mass 40 to 50 lean body mass really you so eating the RDA and then going into a calorie deficit does very little for body composition disaster yeah it's a disaster so yes you might lose weight by 50 of that weight could be skeletal muscle or lean lean tissue let's pivot to uh supplements for just a minute talking about the muscle building side and the fat loss side uh if we cut through all the noise out there of all kinds of like muscle building garbage supplements that are out there like if People's Focus From A A longevity perspective but also building muscle losing fat what are the best sort of like muscle building supplements they should focus so I would say here are my top I'm going to give you my top four supplements okay um number one uh creatine and not in no particular order creatine omega-3 fatty acids it's been shown to have impact on skeletal muscle which even more so on females than males I think there's some evidence to support that you're with an A and I said vitamin D and creatine that's it that's pretty simple now by the way if someone is eating a high redmi diet I they may or may not need more creatine can you elaborate a little bit more maybe on mitophagy and like your lithium a yeah I would love to um when we think about how we examine our overall health and the things that we can do that can be challenging right because we want to know that what we are putting in our body is giving us a result right yes uh some of us like to eat pomegranate or walnut and we think that just because something has a phytonutrient or again something within a food Matrix that we are actually getting those things but that doesn't always happen and urolithin a is a postbiotic it comes from an elagitanin this compound these group of compounds called The Legends which are found in pomegranate or walnut typically these plant sources and 40 30 to 40 percent of individuals do not have the gut microbiome to generate your Lipton a I don't know have you ever taken a test yeah there's a small population that can do it I I haven't taken the test either but urethane is a compound that has a lot of good data randomized controlled trials in older adults and we're seeing it in athletes to improve this concept of mitophagy which is the Regeneration and cleaning out of these old mitochondrial cells which you have to do you have to rebuild and repair so that things you know are much more effective and efficient you know one of the things that happens with aging is our ability to turn over mitochondria declines and so a way to support it is through urolithin a and I am very hard-pressed to be impressed with data I am very impressed with the your listening data yeah the bit that I've seen as well it's very impressive yes and it's sort of this this theory that floats around there that has a lot of of logic and reasoning to it that okay as you get older and if you're moderate Let's Pretend your mitochondria is becoming more dysfunctional which more than likely it is as you get older there's always a delicate balance of that mitochondria having you know it's daughter mitochondria and ultimately you know basically the proliferation of mitochondria but from a DNA standpoint says mitochondria has its own DNA if you have dysfunctional mitochondria it's like a dysfunctional family having dysfunctional children right and like eventually you can end up down this rabbit hole and there's literature to reinforce that although it's you know it's very the mechanistic but it makes a lot of sense then when you look at okay in an aging population enhancing mitochondrial health so that this mitochondria can still let's just call it procreate that's a very simple way of putting it it's not how it is you know you're creating more mitochondria right especially if you're putting the stops in place to create more mitochondria in the first place exercise resistance training yada yada I'll put a link down below for a timeline with you and I both talk about this pretty much the only patented way to get your lithium and also the evidence is so good for it you know for there's years and years of data it starts with mechanistic data you know moved to animal models and then to humans and when we start to see randomized control trials in humans that hold up um especially when it improves endurance and strength that is something I pay attention to as a practicing physician if you're interested in learning more about that there's a company called timeline and mitopure that has a patented technology it's been published in Jama to induce mitophagy definitely recommend you check them out and learn a little bit more but I popped a link down below it's a product called mitopure by timeline there's a 10 off discount link code there Thomas 10 at timelinenutrition.com Thomas and again like has nothing to do with being contrived with this video it's a it's a thoughtful mention of something that makes sense they've been a sponsor on this channel before so I do recommend you check them out at the very least just like read up on it and see if it's something that is appealing to you that link is down below Top Line of the description underneath this video okay and I'm going to couple that with sort of my perspective from the fat loss side specifically and it goes exactly with what you're talking about that is what I talk about as energy flux G Flex and we have this theory that we need to just simply eat less right we need to eat less and when we eat less unfortunately all kinds of things go down like our non-exercise activity thermogenesis all kinds of things that are very important so I've come up with this pretty strong Mantra of eat more move more right and sometimes you have to lose a little weight first before you kind of do that like I don't want people to get the wrong idea and say I'm going to go to In and Out Burger and get you know 2 000 calories of food and then I'm gonna I'm gonna go move a little bit more it has to be commensurate right if you eat a thousand more calories you should be moving a thousand more calories but the idea behind G flux energy flux is that let's pretend for a second um you eat 2 000 calories per day and burn 2 000 calories per day and I eat 5 000 calories per day and burn 5000 calories per day on the surface this looks like we're both at Net Zero but the reality is that someone that eats more and moves more is actually burning more because there's an energy costs associated with just the mobilization of fuels and all the enzymes and processes that happen with turnover in the first place and this just goes hand in hand with everything you're saying like get resistance training prioritize your movement and prioritize more quality fuel in tandem with that because for fat loss and muscle mass in the longevity perspective that is how you're going to maintain a high metabolic rate yes and you know it's interesting to hear you say that because adding in more dietary protein has had some counter effect of that adaptive thermogenesis when individuals are trying to lose weight it seems as if dietary protein can help protect from that metabolic slowing interesting Okay so we've got sort of the the protein and energy side uh what else can people be doing when they're focusing on muscle mass I mean they have to do resistance training I mean that's really what is going to move the needle and whether it's three days a week 10 to 20 sets per body group I mean you have to do resistance training and that is very clear in the literature if you care about maintaining and building skeletal muscle and improving body composition interesting yeah it's I mean so you're thinking when you say like 10 to 20 sets do you think someone doing like a full body type split where they're just hitting maybe one muscle group or hitting all muscle groups for just a couple of sets like maybe they come in okay I'm gonna do like two sets of squats two sets of deadlifts two sets of shoulder press like what what is sort of the minimum effective amount like I don't even want to tell you because this is so much less than you think when I was in my undergraduate I worked on some of these earlier studies with Don Layman and he looked at this and he wasn't super public about the amount of so he looked at two groups of individuals and they were both on calorie restrictions so they were at 1600 calories one group was kind of the food guide pyramid so 50 55 carbohydrates the other was a 40 30 30 um protein carbohydrates or um carbohydrates proteins and fats and what he found and by the way two days of resistance training and the resistance training was like yoga and body weight okay I shouldn't laugh no but but what they found what is so amazing is that was such a very minimal stimulus that those individuals is still improved their body composition the individuals with the higher protein diet with not much movement not much exercise two days a week lost more body fat maintained lean body mass because obviously you can't he wasn't looking at skeletal muscle it's the ways that we've talked about in some of the other videos they improved blood sugar regulation improved triglycerides and improved insulin sensitivity and it wasn't a ton of exercise and I don't want to say that because I think the advice to just do something is better than nothing is not great advice um we do have to do targeted exercise because that's really what is going to move the needle for in the long term but the evidence would suggest that the minimum effective dose if nutrition is right is it's not really that much I mean there's the operative words there though if nutrition is right yeah yeah like it's a lot of times I mean it's difficult for people to nail that part right yeah um from a fat loss perspective I am a huge fan of Simply walking right obviously resistance trading that goes without saying but when it comes down to just like the pure like immediate sort of fat loss effect some people fight me on this because they say hey like you know calories for calorie like go out and do the high intensity stuff because it's going to burn more calories and I don't disagree because I do understand that although like going for a walk doesn't burn a lot of calories it does burn more calories from fat right as a percentage although if you look at the absolute yeah you're going to burn more calories doing a high intensity exercise but I look at multiple different factors I look at the fact that walking is tremendous for fat loss because it's passive you can do a million other things while you're doing it you can listen to a podcast you can talk on the phone you cannot change your kid's diaper while you are walking though I've done it and you know you there's a number of other things like for example it's uh easy on the joints it's sustainable right and there's literature that suggests that even walking can help preserve the muscle mass in the legs right like it's like just getting those steps in so is it the absolute best for fat loss well no I mean I think that if you went out for a run you might burn more fat but I think for sustainability and for the realistic nature of it I think walking is hugely underrated and because there are some influencers that got a lot of popularity talking about the benefits of 10 000 steps you have all these people even in the scientific community that are starting to just be contrarian and say like no it's not about walking it's not about walking I'm here to say that like I think if people were to just walk and like put that in a slightly different category than their resistance training exercise and create a very bold line between the two that they would see huge changes because I think that's where the blinds get blurred and people think I'm gonna go for a walk and that is my activity or I'm going to go and you're saying it's not you're saying you should be walking as part of your daily life and that is not exercise but you should be doing it I think it's I think walking even when it's deliberate it can be exercise but for most people walking should be roped into your non-exercise activity thermogenesis it should be part of your life and that's why I do think steps are a really good thing to look at for most people because they gamify it they gamify it for me like if I look and I'm like shoot oh shoot I'm at you know 9000 steps I want to get to ten thousand you know what I gotta run into the store I'm gonna park at the back of the parking lot because it's reinstill this this lifestyle for me so no matter how people want to come at the whole walking for fat loss thing there's no denying that it changes the Paradigm in which we look at our non-exercise activity thermogenesis which is huge in the long term for fat loss I mean I think that that's a great perspective and you're by giving someone uh something to shoot for a Target it can be very effective but what also I really like that you're saying is that it is not a replacement for resistance training not at all or other kinds of modality of exercise not at all I put them in an entirely different bucket because although there is some overlap they both get your heart rate going they both certainly have overlap but resistance training is in a whole different category for me and that is something that is always going to be supplemental whereas walking is just ingrained into like daily life yeah I I really I like that do you think the 10 000 steps are enough I think it's a pretty arbitrary number like but I think that when you look at you know some of the literature I can't remember this which Journal it was published in but basically they looked at you know the difference between going from zero to 3 800 steps was a market decrease in all cause mortality like the biggest decrease was from zero to three you know 300 or 3 800 steps from 3 800 to 5800 steps it was like another five to seven percent decrease in all cause mortality from 5800 to 7 800 it was like another five to seven percent and then there was a nice little leap from uh 7 800 up to I think 10 900 there's a little bit bigger jump uh it seems as though there might be a line of diminishing return after a certain amount however what gets interesting with walking is it with all cause mortality that's a pretty hard thing to quantify because perhaps people that walk more maybe they're working construction and they're also swinging sledgehammers and doing other things right so when you're looking at large cohorts of people that get lots of steps it's not people that are like oh I'm deliberately going to get my steps in yeah it's people that might just be more active people or they're cognizant of it to begin with so they also take care of their Nutritional Health and things like that so it's a very difficult thing to look at yeah I think that those are all really good points and one other thing that I I think is important to mention is that when an individual is untrained their ability to go through body recomposition seems to be quicker versus someone who potentially is very well trained it may be more difficult to put on muscle mass like for you or lose body fat where would you lose it right versus an individual who is just starting out I think that their experience with with recomposition is going to happen faster and I think the literature would support that than an individual who's untrained going from an untrained state to a trained State just purely based on muscle we see improvements any other keys for building muscle I mean I I think that we've covered the fundamentals okay I'll give you one sleep so there's some new evidence to support that one night of sleep deprivation will suppress muscle protein synthesis by 18. we've read the same paper and I was mouthing the words really yeah so that is my friend Emily that I would love to introduce you that is out of her that's out of her lab yeah literally filmed the videos like yeah like doing like or failing to do this so this is this is the Galveston group yep okay yeah that's that's insanely scary yeah now I mean in this paper like I don't know if there was additional data like did they look Beyond just one day or was it just like this is one night a full sleep deprivation right um so I don't know if she's published this yet but it is so it was one day full sleep deprivation and muscle protein synthesis was suppressed for a few days after wow um yeah and they did look at four and five days of sleep deprivation like you would see in the SEAL Teams yeah and what they found is that there was some offset with uh heavy activity so I have a video in my queue to film that was looking at that like like when you're sleep deprived resistance training is a very important thing to do yeah yeah I think this is a huge piece to touch on so why is that um mechanistically I you know I'm not totally sure um and again I just recently had her on my podcast and from a mechanistic perspective we are not totally sure and it's so it's so much easier but it doesn't have to do with the recovery aspect everybody talks about sleep from recovery this is not the recovery this is actually skeletal muscle blunting there is a response blunted in the tissue it isn't and it's funny because there's like older research in I think it was in the PJs like the prayer rescue guys I think where they looked at like total sleep deprivation had very little impact surprisingly on their actual physical performance in a sleep deprived state which is wild it blew my mind basically like they could sleep deprived guys and like their actual absolute physical performance didn't really change but what did change is their mental motor right their ability to to uh handle that sort of their way to your kind of prefrontal Cortex their way through or get that willpower to get through and that obviously is going to govern a lot Downstream but they're like absolute strength and things like that I would imagine over time that would deteriorate but like you know one night of sleep so it just goes to demonstrate that what's happening as a is at a very like molecular like mechanistic level so can this essentially or potentially be overridden by by just like resistance training in spite of that I think that that is a difficult statement for me to make in an acute response situation yes but long-term sleep deprivation from a blood glucose regulation cortisol and Insulin we see with shipped workers they don't do that well increased risk for cancer I remember when I was on call at nights I mean my blood sugar was high yeah and I wasn't eating anything different it was purely this misalignment of my circadian rhythm yeah yeah the catecholamian responsible stress every time that page goes off I like tucked my white coat under someone called a doctor it's so wild so with resistance training like when your sleep deprived too it is such an easy thing to do compared to like trying to get the motivation to go do a metcon or like cardio and by the way people do not do a metcon with Thomas I put all my favorite guests through like if I'm super sleep deprived I usually default to resistance training and I don't mean to say this in a sense that like it's to kind of poo poo it but like resistance training is easier for me to do in sort of a zombie state right I'm not going to go do a sub-maximal lift or something like that I'm going to keep it in a healthy range but like I'm like okay I don't have to get my heart rate crazy high I can still and I feel like okay great like I'm giving myself a little bit of a pass but I'm still like getting some movement going and it sounds like that's been like the right thing to do because when you look at the other literature you suggests that like from a heart rate variability stance and all these other metrics like taxing your central nervous system with a balls to the wall high intensity your interval training session after sleep deprivation is detrimental right so it's like okay if you didn't sleep well you actually get yourself a little bit of a pass go lift some weights yeah and you're gonna like have some positive impact there and you're not gonna tax your CNS so you can actually sleep tonight interesting I think it's a great strategy and I think we're going to start to see more of the molecular mechanisms of skeletal muscle interface and sleep deprivation over time I'm curious to unpack a little bit more of the glucose piece too uh because it's like obviously sleep is like very critical for glucose regulation and I've done some 180s back and forth in different categories with this as far as fat loss is concerned so on one hand I think okay your insulin levels are high because your glucose is high insulin inhibits lipolysis which you know directly is going to inhibit fat loss like that makes a lot of sense uh even if it flies in the face of Like A Simple Theory of calories in calories out however I'm sure if you're still in a deficit you'll lose weight but maybe you're losing the wrong kind of weight because you're inhibiting lipolysis so on one hand I'm like okay sleep deprivation could be really really bad if like your glucose levels are chronically high as a result you're not able to kind of tap into that fat burning I'm sure there's ways to resolve this but typically speaking I have advised people and I typically follow the protocol myself that if I didn't sleep well Ami glucose is high I tend to keep carbohydrates lower yes I just great strategy I just feel like it's an easy thing to do it's an easy lever to pull and at the very least I'm certainly not doing any damage yeah I would do that when I was on call I think that's a great a great and easy strategy if you did not sleep well if you are under sleep restriction or deprivation the next day or even that night if you are up minimizing your carbohydrate load I think it's a really good strategy because again when your glucose is elevated especially during times of stress it's not necessarily because you're eating when I was on call and I was measuring my blood sugar I wasn't necessarily eating but it was a very stressful situation my blood sugar was elevated and it wasn't because I was eating more yeah yeah what's funny is that you know anecdotally like most of the surgeons that I know tend to like if they're running hot they tend to reduce carbohydrates because they say I'm less shaky I'm actually more even like especially if I'm you know doing really long surgeries and it's again this is not a hit piece on carbohydrates like I love carbohydrates I just I just earned them typically you know and it's not to say that like when I sleep deprived I didn't earn my carbohydrates it's more of a stop Gap you know it's just like okay if I know that this mechanism exists then it would be foolish for me not to but the question that I have for you is if muscle protein synthesis decreases could we offset that like should we increase our protein on days that we're post sleeping I would say that I mean I don't see evidence for that but it would be a great strategy if muscle protein synthesis is suppressed I do think ways in which you can initiate it would be very beneficial also you still have to eat something and if I were to choose I would choose dietary protein Let's uh I want to double click on fish oil omega-3 for a second so yeah the literature is super fascinating I'm I'm quite aware of it but I want you to kind of explain a little bit like I've seen cool evidence on uh protein synthesis on insulin sensitivity post-workout omega-3 utilization for increasing protein synthesis like yeah I um and again I'm not an expert on fish oil omega-3 but from the literature there's a few things that I think are very interesting I haven't seen it directly impact muscle protein synthesis but I have there is some literature to suggest that it affects the ribosomal content and it impacts the ribosome of skeletal muscle which I think could be very interesting and there is some evidence that it lowers inflammation and I would say that that lowers inflammation systemically we see that in C-reactive protein and we know that elevated levels of C-reactive protein are it can be a risk factor for disease States especially cardiovascular disease so I think that there's a lot of evidence emerging really about the impact of omega-3 fatty acids on skeletal muscle yeah and also even in the incorporation of it yeah totally it's it's cool because that's going to be one that I would focus on the fat loss side as well like especially from the insulin sensitivity standpoint like if you are metabolically unhealthy like these kinds of fats coming from EPA DHA show really promising evidence with insulin sensitivity which has a dual effect with potentially muscle protein synthesis more insulin sensitive you are than maybe you can get that little impact with an insulin Spike along with protein possibly more insulin sensitive from a leucine spike with that I digress but from a fat loss perspective just like I had mentioned before like if your insulin levels are high and you're inhibiting lipolysis but if you can start to increase that insulin sensitivity a little bit more then perhaps you can bring those insulin levels down a little bit more but I also just think just for General Health it's one of the most important supplements you could take I would agree with you and so vitamin D is on your list for for building muscle well I think it's really important for muscle and as a geriatrician and there are vitamin D receptors and skeletal muscle and we know that it is a risk factor for muscle Health low vitamin D levels just because of that and then from a fat loss perspective it makes perfect sense too and there's a I don't know if you've heard about how essentially vitamin D is sequestered in fat cells yes so the more overweight someone is the more their vitamin D gets soaked up into their fat so it's like in the process of losing fat you might need to be saying hey when I'm starting out my dose needs to be higher and then as you lose fat you might be able to kind of titrate that dose and kind of bring it down and find your sweet spot and you can see that in the blood work too yeah that you're if you're dosing an individual who has more fat to lose and let's say you're dosing them at 10 000 IUS of vitamin D and you're still not seeing an improvement they sometimes have to be dose Tire yeah it's and I think just from a fat loss perspective it's cool there's so much like whey protein like it's on the same on the same list muscle building and fat loss A because this obvious reasons for the muscle building yeah the fat loss side the satiety effect is a huge one uh and just the kind of collaborative effect of saying like Hey we're building muscle then it's going to be and even there's also immunoglobulins so there's Alpha lactalbumin and lactoferrin and these immunoglobulins that exist within whey protein that can help with inflammation specifically concentrate in that case right yes yes they can help with inflammation and have some immune modulating effects you know it's kind of funny because you know one of the things that we learn and what we do with our line of work is that you have to be okay with changing your mind on things sometimes and I have no problem with whey protein isolate in fact I still think as far as pure protein it's like it's clean it's pure it's simple if I just want pure unadulterated protein I'm going to go for isolate I used to kind of bag on concentrate and now like as I've taken a more holistic approach in terms of being like I want as close to the whole food as possible I've realized like that that lactoferrin and having those immunoglobulins from whey protein concentrate is super important for the for the gut but also for the immune system and for um and I actually if I can get past the initial digestive issues that I kind of had with concentrate which went away within a couple weeks of just being consistent with it starting to think I might be more of a concentrate guy now yeah I love it so it's kind of wild well you're rethinking food in terms of a whole Matrix yeah yeah I still I still think Iceland has a you know a great place it does it does especially for more mature uh adults that can't tolerate way and really need to get their protein in so for fat loss supplements for me I'll add into the mix caffeine oh yeah caffeine is the most studied ergogenic Aid that we know of uh it's I mean it's tied pretty close with creatine as far as like most heavily researched with the most evidence behind it doesn't ergogenicate when it comes down to Fat Loss what some of the clearest evidence that's there I mean whether it's because it's increasing your RMR because it's like getting you to move more or there's actual you know cyclic adenosine monophosphate kind of like activation that is literally helping you burn more um the mobilization of fat from caffeine is a very real thing so like I always tell people like like make no mistake like the best fat loss supplement that you could probably have is your cup of black coffee in the morning you know and there's even some weird evidence suggesting that caffeine might help with muscle growth but the only thing that that might conflict in our two uh discussions here would be the co ingestion of caffeine and creatine at the same time have you seen that I haven't yeah so when I had Dr Darren candel on here he was kind of speculating some of this based on some of the research but then within the last couple of months some literature has come out that is pretty compelling that yeah taking caffeine and creatine they occupy similar receptors for transport so if you take your creatine in the morning you may want to separate it from your coffee by at least an hour so it seems as though they they don't mix oh interesting yeah and not know that it doesn't negatively impact the caffeine but the caffeine negatively impacts the creatine interesting okay so I have a question for you have you looked at green coffee extract chlorogenic acid so chlorginic acid is very from a fat loss perspective no uh as an antioxidant it has some pretty compelling research behind it um I am still inclined to go the theoflavin route I think that I get more out of catechins from like the green tea and the egcg than I do out of chlorogenic acid but perhaps there's a co-administration that could be really interesting what's your take on it I um I think green coffee has all of them yeah unroasted green coffee I mean it's very difficult to get but that's interesting yeah that's it's something that I'd like to explore a little bit more because there's uh we talked about a little bit in one of our videos but the relationship between coffee and Frailty coffee consumption and more mobility and less Frailty as people get older and there's one camp that suggests it's just because the caffeine is making them more mobile because it's getting them more active and they're moving more and that's a huge piece of it and probably is the main piece and then there's another camp that thinks that it has to do with the chlorgenic acid interesting yeah they think that has to do with more uh CGA has to do more with antioxidant effect and that's actually reducing inflammation enough that they're actually more mobile and so I think it's probably a combination but the chlorogenic acid that there's been a huge Resurgence of that as far as popularity I've been interested in it forever there was this company that I used to use their green coffee it was called sunup it was amazing and they had high levels of chlorogenic acid yeah I think I think we need to start doing some more deep Dives on this and that's the cool thing about social media and where we're at now is like as these discussions start to happen it's going to spawn some more research out of it because people like hey there's interest here especially when there's something where there's potential money behind it too or like oh cool like coffee industry can get behind this yeah you know there's a lot of you know so if we've got all of that yeah well uh Dr line where can everyone find you they can find me on my website Dr gabriellion.com and on Instagram Dr like Dr Gabrielle Lyon and then of course my podcast um also called the Dr Gabrielle line show very original I know I have a great newsletter I have a provider course coming by the way for Physicians a muscle-centric medicine course coming and uh yeah find me on all the channels well as always keep it locked here on the channel and thank you so much

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasDeLauerOfficial [75 likes]: Get my Free 1-Week Gut Health Protocol. No strings attached. Just good info: http://www.thomasdelauer.com/gut-health
  2. @zoogie980 [2 likes]: Much easier than i thought it was gunna be. Not counting calories or protein intake. I just cleaned up my diet and resistance train 2-3 times a week. Ive lost 20lbs in 4 months and keep going up in strength. Ppl be over complicating it ngl
  3. @BODYRECOMP1 [1 likes]: Listening to this twice on my morning 4 mile walk. Thanks for the information ℹ️
  4. @luciusverusluciusverus3082: I will never eat animals, but i will increase my protein intake, and include ethically sourced dairy, thanks for the info 👍 😊
  5. @elbrichelsenga: About the cafeïne. I'm sure it's not about the moving more part. I hardly drink coffee, but when I do I've always felt like it boosts my metabolism or just my hunger hormones. Because I'm getting hungry super fast after drinking coffee.  Could be the Chlorogenic acid, don't know if it's worth figuring out, cause in general I eat more when I drink coffee ☕
  6. @Plantlady82: Yikes dude, let your guest speak longer... she has great advice and interesting thoughts.
  7. @clairelegault7046: When is the best time to take creatine?
  8. @kevinbensel8954: Were in America please use lbs and oz.
  9. @yc5141: HIS SHOES 😂😂😂😂
  10. @Gladiator300-g3p: 10000 steps is really not a lot.
  11. @JackT007-n7t: They went a bit long there on the advertising
  12. @MavaLou80: I compared walking vs running. For fat loss, walking is 100% more efficient. The moment I introduced running in my routine my weight loss stopped. For my weight (87kg 1m56) it was too much stress on my joints, elevated my cortisol (having pcos very sensitive to hormonal variations). On the contrary with just walking 7000 to 12000 steps a day I lost 3kg in a month without changing anything else. And that's coming from someone who loves running. Was actually preparing for a half marathon. Made the reasonable choice to stop. Hope to resume when I'll be in a normal weight range
  13. @stefun60: About body recomposition, i learnt that eating in a calorie maintence, high carbs and protein, low fat diet, high intensity training, and extra 1h of cardio, it is the fastest way to build muscle, get stronger and lose fat. For me that was the best approach. When you make your body work more and feed right you will get what you want!
I includ cardio also in a calorie maintence so basicly im not in a deficit(Edited)
  14. @HighDefinitionVideo: Can you explain what “one night of sleep deprivation” is?
  15. @LifewithKristina365: Amazing information and interview!! ❤❤
  16. @joanneplante7883: So would you separate a pre-workout from creatine?
  17. @Dr.MichaelJones76: Try to put Incandescent Lights in your house if you can…I’m dead serious.
  18. @alicejohnson7819: Ty
  19. @StefaniaDobre-u4r: Great🎉
  20. @plusbonus1165: I swear ,when he said could change a diaper while walking her  legs opened another inch !

- what I eat in a day to keep the Belly Fat away (High Protein meals Women Over 50+): Kind: captions Language: en I don't like to cook all the time. I don't mind it, but I don't really have a lot of time to put something together. Do you know that feeling? I think if we just have a couple of ideas that we keep in our refrigerator, in our pantry, mostly the refrigerator, then we can just do anything in less than 15, 20 minutes max to make sure that it helps us to stay slim. And this is what basically I eat on a typical day to keep my protein high, but also have that extra fat and fiber to really make you feel great, especially during the menopausal years, which is pretty much the rest of our life. So, this is exactly what I eat on a typical day. Simple proteinpacked type of meals that don't require you to be a chef or anything like that, but just something simple. And listen, I am no kind of fabulous gourmet type of cook. I just want to get it the job done, it to be functional, and it to be what I need on the nutrient level. If you are fasting like I do regularly daily, uh, usually I'm doing a 168 or uh, sometimes I bring it down to a 1410. It all depends on how I feel in the morning. I don't deprive myself from eating breakfast all the time because normally I was not a breakfast eater and I would just like the occasional brunch right around 10 11:00. Lately I've been feeling a little bit hungry in the morning and so I would just usually grab a piece of fruit but it wasn't really giving me what I needed for the protein that I'm trying to shoot for. Usually, I'm trying to shoot for at least 100 grams of protein, which can be very difficult if you're only eating like two meals. But if I add in a snack or a smaller meal, then it seems to work out pretty good to get close enough to that 100 g of protein in your macros. Recently, I just started eating cottage cheese. My husband has me eating it again and uh so I think it's a great way to add in extra protein in the mornings if you want to do that like a protein bowl. So it's like berry protein bowl. And here you would see there's about 3/4 cup of low-fat cottage cheese. And if you do not want to do the dairy, you can replace that with the Greek yogurt if you prefer. And then half a cup of frozen or fresh berries. In this case, I'm going to do frozen berries. And I found a really cool YouTuber that is a fitness guru and nutritionist. She had recommended putting it on the stove and kind of smashing it a little bit so it kind of tastes like a dessert. And then also having a scoop of the vanilla protein powder again and sprinkle some chia seeds or if you have hemp seeds. So, and and I like to put a dash of cinnamon cuz that's my thing. And I dump everything in a bowl and stir and that's it. It's over 30 gram of protein in just under 3 minutes. And it's actually tastes like dessert. I mentioned for my next meal is a tuna. put your foot in it. Kitchen sink with everything that I can think of that really tastes good to me for tuna. Really, I'm having more than like a can and a half cuz I really want to pump up the protein. So, I'm going to do spinach, tomatoes, and which I love because they're sweet, and I usually put that on top of the salad after I mix up, which I use the albaore tuna. My thing is always to get tuna in water instead of olive oil. I'm doing mayo here with avocado oil already. and my sweet relish. For those of you who want to get a little more extra fat, which is good for you, avocado, I will cut that up. I like putting cut up onions. I have a love affair with it. I don't know why, but I know it's good for you. It became a new thing for me to add in a half of a cut green apple. [Music] Look at that color. Yum, yum, yum. That's for the hubby. Yes. Nice healthy butt. I'm talking about, you know, no, you see how that works. Grab it and keep working. Okay. I know he is thankful. I know he is because, you know, he's on the phone. What are you going to do? making me a burrito with organic beef. Onions are cut up in there as well as a little bit of cheese. I'm using a different type of tortilla which you will see here is called carb watch. It ends up being two net carbs. So you see it it is whole wheat with flax seed. That's what I like about it. So it's ketocertified. I'm not keto, just eating low carb. The dietary fiber is 12 g. And if you look at the total carbs of being 14 g minus the dietary fiber, 12 g equals 2 g of net carbs. You see what I mean? High protein plus fiber plus fat. And that's where we're getting it here. I'm going to take some tomatoes because I like tomatoes and they're good for you and it's a great fruit to have which is, you know, live food. And if you want to top it off with some sour cream or something, me personally, I'm just going to go with this. Not bad. My dinner. I know it looks a little bare, but you know what? It does the job. It does the trick. These are the things that really work for me that keep the weight down and keep me slim. Really takes care of that belly fat. Remember, we're going extra protein as much as we can. I try to get about 100 to 125 grams of protein in a day. And that's only if I eat two meals and a snack or an extra meal, which is my breakfast because normally I'm only eating two meals. Can I get 100 grams? Probably not. I usually hit probably about 85 to 90 grams when I do two meals. But that's when I'm doing extra fasting and that's when we are into the weight loss mode, which I am cuz I still feel like I need an extra 5 lbs. So, that's what I'm working on. So, if you're thinking about what are some types of meals that you can do that have the extra protein, I do have my free guide which is about breaking the fast. It's just five meals recipes that are in there. Now, some of it I talked about today, but some is not there. Uh, I can work on an additional guide if you're interested in seeing some of the extra meals. Also, if you're trying to fast on a regular basis as your lifestyle to keep everything in check as the maintenance as well as really gain optimum health, also to get your hormones in check. And I'm telling you, if you don't cut down the stress, that's the major thing. I had to cut down the stress for me to see any changes that would actually stick with me. results that you work so hard towards, it's just going to be all in vain if you don't make a change in your life and other areas of your life that affect your health ultimately. So, I have that guide, the fasting lifestyle weight loss guide for the mature motivated woman. And I put it such a long title because it just made sense so that you are ready for this type of lifestyle change and that you are trying to stick to it. Certainly it's about changing your life. So if you're committed to that, that's half the battle. If you have any other ideas of other meals that you can get the extra protein and fiber and fat in, I would love to hear your suggestions. So, please do leave a comment below and I look forward to seeing you guys on the next video and always remember you can begin again. Cheers. I think I got it. Yeah, there's more to come here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @reggisweat [81 likes]: ✨Okay y’all—mini correction! In this video I accidentally said Greek yogurt as a non-dairy alternative to cottage cheese (cue the facepalm). I meant to say plant-based yogurt like almond milk, coconut, or cashew yogurt. Greek yogurt is definitely dairy—my brain just had a moment while filming! Thanks for the grace and for riding with me on this real-life, real-woman journey! 

I’d love to know what’s YOUR favorite protein-packed meal that keeps you full and feeling good?
Drop your faves below! Some of mine: cottage cheese + berries, tuna wraps, broiled salmon + veggies, and the occasional beef burrito 😋
  2. @lavsp [1 likes]: I’m thinking about trying this, I really like Daisy cottage cheese!
  3. @sabrinac5447 [1 likes]: New subscriber here so glad ai found your channel ❤
  4. @cklaus3326 [1 likes]: SKYR  too, is very helpful. Thanks for the tips
  5. @christygoyer2367 [1 likes]: I just found you and I love your content! You make everything so easy as compared to most others...
  6. @Japaneseracingpod [1 likes]: I went plant based at 49, and keep my fat grams around 20-25 per day, which makes it effortless and I eat pretty much whatever I want b/c plants are basically water and fiber.  Very good for a lean body, now at 58 still the same.  Oh and don’t forget creatine!  Low glycemic foods for the win.
  7. @TeresaGarcia-xq6jo: I’m inspired to eat healthier after watching this video. I will probably do salmon instead tuna for the salad for my taste pallet even though tuna has more protein. Thank you for making this look so easy!
  8. @sistasunshinesmith8149: Align with Jesus & Speak Life... Book of Ruth...Salvation City dwells in you...Live Life Now in God's goodness... Celebrate a Happy Hallelujah Wellness Season 😍 Refocus our country on clean water...Jesus Follower...Book of Mark 4... drink Clean water USA
  9. @nellak29: You’re awesome!!! Thanks for the tips
  10. @GaBoatGirl: Greek salad with skinless chicken breast.  Egg salad, Tuna salad, chicken salad, or turkey boats with some cheese on a lettuce wedge.
  11. @ginasv1857: Chía Seeds: Little that I know,they need to be soak in water at least 30 minutes or overnight
  12. @1yonca1: Thank you for this simple explanation. I am 58 and postmenopausal. Also read Stacy ' s book and incorporated heavy lifting. Unfortunately got injured. Got sciatica probably from too much of the lower body lifting. Well, i had to retink my workout routine. Long story short lol. I do less now but still do my best. Im very very tired lately so definitely listening to my body. I just recently found your channel. I love it❤.
  13. @deborahking3532: Thank you
  14. @Trish-ql9kz: Berries in cottage cheese is something I’ve never heard of.. will try this, thank you
  15. @kathynewkirk683: I do a loaded smoothie for breakfast.  My lunch is eggs, tuna or sardines, with veggies, followed by a healthy dinner. All My meals have at least 30 grams of protein and add my veggies. I get my fruit in my smoothie. I do make sure I eat some Greek yogurt and kimchi to help with gut health. I WILL NO LONGER FAST, ITS NOT GOOD FOR WOMEN! IT RAISES YOUR CORTISOL!
  16. @donnawarren4401: You are a gift. Love all of this! Are you on HRT? So many encourages me to do it🤷🏽‍♀️
  17. @brendapeter446: BEANS!  Sometimes 3x/day.  Works like a charm.  Chocolate hummus or oats with silk tofu for breakfast.   They keep me satiated for hours.  Fiber keeps me more full than meat/fish.
  18. @carlissima28: So glad I found your channel! Thank you ❤️
  19. @BayAreaRealtorKenyaPlacido: Thank you for sharing these yummy healthy recipes ❤❤❤
  20. @TracieVarner: No Egg!?

- 4 Proven Ways to Reverse Muscle Loss After 50: Kind: captions Language: en age related muscle loss is known as psyopia it can lead to weakness stiffness and an increased risk of folds and fractures but at what age do we start losing muscle the surprising answer to this is after the age of 30 after the age of 30 you begin to lose as much as 3 to 5% of your muscle per decade and most men will lose about 30% of their muscle mass during their lifetime women lose slightly less the positive news is that you can avoid delay and even reverse this muscle loss in old age and here are four evidence-based strategies to keep you strong get you stronger reduce your Fall's risk reduce your risk of fractures and maintain your Independence and quality of life the first strategy is to increase your protein intake older men often experience a phenomenon known as anabolic resistance which lowers the body's ability to break down and synthesize protein a recent study in the journal nutrients suggests a daily intake of 1 to 1.3 g of protein per kilogram of body weight for older adults who do resistance training for example a 200b man would need about 90 to 118 g of protein per day the following foods are your classic sources of protein meat fish eggs milk beans lentils cottage cheese and tofu are some examples the next strategy is PRT progressive resistance training resistance training will help you to hold onto your muscle or even increase it as researchers in this review found out with a total of 1,328 participants male and female over 49 different studies and their age ranges between 50 and 83 the subjects averaged a 2.4 pound increase in lean muscle mass so here's what you need to do 8 to 10 exercises that Target all the major muscle groups sets of 12 to 15 repetitions performed at an effort of about 5 to seven on a 10 point scale and you only need to do two to three workouts per week if you were to find this plan too easy then you can increase the intensity and the effort that you put into each session now the third strategy is a simple daily walk it's no secret that walking is good for your health the simple routine of a daily brisk walk for 30 minutes or more is one of the best health Investments you can make walking has been shown to reduce back pain improve balance and help our brain and mental health the final strategy is sleep having a regular pattern of adequate sleep will help you have enough energy for regular exercise including the two to three resistance training sessions that we mentioned at the start of this video when we age it can be more difficult to achieve quality sleep keep a regular routine have a relaxing environment and try to leave the phone out of the bedroom if you want to know more about sleep I recommend this book by Matthew Walker if you've got any other recommendations for good sleep please pop them in the comments so in conclusion as we age strengthening exercises can reverse some of the negative effects of Aging protein intake may become more important and simple habits like walking and a good sleep routine will help to keep you healthy for longer you've been watching the physio Channel please share this video with anybody who you know may find it helpful thanks for watching and we'll see you in one of these next videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabrieluribe1852 [6 likes]: 3:00 magnesium is the key word,  Before I started taking magnesium I would only sleep 2-4 hours at night and I wouldn't feel rested, so now I get 8 hours of sleep  and wake up freshly rested, But my main problem is severe Lower back pain with Arthritis and I can't walk very far I'm a 65 year older man and I  serviced covid  but sometimes I wish I didn't 😢
  2. @anthonymorton4050 [4 likes]: I have to do the right things proper diet plenty of rest and resistance training but adding creatine to this daily game plan has helped me out I'm only 65 but have gained some lean muscle thanks for the great video
  3. @dplj4428 [4 likes]: 0:25 Miscle loss occurs as soon as laying up in bed for 3 days.
  4. @DDimblebyBagley [3 likes]: Even just 2 to 5 minutes of controls breathing for your nervous system
  5. @nuanceRhymeqv [3 likes]: thank you
  6. @JoeBanjo88 [3 likes]: increase protein intake and they have a picture of garbanzo beans LOL.. virtually NO protein...gimme a steak!
  7. @Alden99669 [3 likes]: And yet conventional medicine doctors rarely mention this to their patients.   
Add rebounding for balance especially for people over 60 years old.
  8. @JackThomas-t4m [2 likes]: Being totally bald but I drink beer to regrow my hair loss
  9. @mindfulresilence [1 likes]: So what happens if your already hit 40 years and you spent years of no exercise?
  10. @thinkforyourselfjohn3163 [1 likes]: Thank you for this very informative video.  God bless you.
  11. @jcnmyboy3365 [1 likes]: ... Grax mi amigocha CHĪO x compartir salud 💚💚 ``
  12. @OlderWellnessWisdom [1 likes]: 🔥 Great video! It’s amazing how one simple daily habit can rebuild muscle after 60. We just covered Arnold Schwarzenegger’s top tips for restoring strength in seniors — worth checking out for anyone serious about aging strong! 💪 #SeniorFitness #MuscleAfter60
  13. @zannaadedigba3936: I have used glp1 and lost muscle I am 61 and am needing to reverse my muscle how do I do that?
  14. @AyurvedicDoctor-y6q: Very well presented! Ayurvedic oils like Dhanwantharam Thailam from Planet Ayurveda are excellent for maintaining joint flexibility and comfort.
  15. @sundaysmith5942: Ok how much protein for women?
  16. @SuzanneLinford: Sleeping is easy for me
  17. @HoneyBeeMeli: Get protein ONLY from high quality red ruminant meat beef or lamb or healthy eggs from local farmer raised chickens.
Get rid of soy tofu beans etc.
Carnivore lifestyle is the only way.
  18. @awalkerjga: You cant digest more than 20 grams of protein per day!!! This is non sense!
  19. @lindagodsey: ❤👍🏼
  20. @bradhunt9518: Most people dont get enough protien,1 gram per pound of weight.

- Are You Eating Enough Protein for Your Age & Goals? Women’s Optimal Protein Intake Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Let's bring protein into the conversation because in the past decades we've heard a lot about carbohydrate, low carb, high carb, fat, low fat, highfat, but protein's kind of been out of the conversation until recently. There's a lot of confusion right now about what is optimal for protein. We're hearing people push on the upwards of 3 1/2 g per kilogram, which is about 1.8 g per pound. We also hear people say no 50 gram of protein total per day for women is adequate. It's actually somewhere in between because if we look at the recommended daily allowance right now we see it's around8 kilo g of body weight. And that I want people to understand is the bare minimum that you need to consume to prevent malnutrition. When we're looking at an active individual as well as an active aging individual, we need more. When we bring our sex differences into effect, we see that women age differently than men in the fact that we have perry and postmenopause. Men age in a linear fashion. Women have a really specific point in their lives where all of a sudden their bodies responding differently. Why I'm bringing that up is because as we get older, our bodies, both men and women, become more resistant to the growth effects of protein and growth effects of exercise. So we need to look at dosing more of both. So for women as we get into our 40s onward, we are looking more at that 1 g to 1.2 g of protein per pound of body weight, which sits around that 2 to 2.2 g per kilo. When we're looking at women who are in their reproductive years, 18 to about 35 to 40, 1.6 six gram per kilogram or hitting about that.9 g per pound is the bare minimum that you want to have if you're an active individual. Of course, in times where you're trying to build through strength training, you're going to increase your protein. So, when we're looking at protein and protein effects, it's not just about building muscle and maintaining lean mass. There is a critical component of the amino acids of protein that go to help with bone and bone density. We also see amino acids are important for neurotransmitters, for nerve conduction, for so many other functions within the body. So, if we're low in protein, then we're going to have systemic effects that we might not notice right away, but down the line, there's definitely an impact, especially when it comes to brain, bone, and muscle health. I think two of the biggest things to take away from protein and the intake capacity is we've neglected it for so long and it's really difficult for so many women to wrap their heads around increasing protein and protein needs but the longer term effect of maintaining just that RDA is the face that we have of osteopenia cognitive decline cycopenia so if we start earlier by increasing our total protein intake and managing that intake across the day. We're going to have a stronger skeletal system, a stronger muscularkeeletal system, and a better brain health. If we start looking at increasing our protein intake from that8 g per pound, trying to eat our way up to at least 1 g per pound, but ideally 1.2 to 1.3 g per pound. Because lifestyle and life phase can affect how much protein you need from puberty, pregnancy, reproductive years, pmenopause, post-menopause. It's hard to condense it all into one short YouTube segment. I will refer you to the position stand we wrote with the International Society of Sport Nutrition last year on the female athlete that actually encompasses all the lifespan and how much protein you need across the day as well as pre and post exercise. So many people think that getting that one gram per pound of body weight in protein is really difficult. But if we pay attention, it's really not that difficult. We can look at how do we get 30 to 40 g at each meal, maybe 15 to 20 at each snack, and what the quality of that protein is. So if you're feeling overwhelmed with increasing protein, make small steps over the next 3 weeks. Increase your protein from what you're having now to trying to hit that 1 g per pound. is very achievable, but it does take some steps to get used to thinking about protein and putting it on your plate. So, if you have any questions, shoot them in the comments below. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @laurieschlueb5149 [3 likes]: Dr. Sims, can you speak to how 1-1.2g protein/lbs promotes or prevents chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and cancer? Also, kidney health. In my nutrition classes, we've learned that that amount of protein promotes disease, especially when protein is sourced from animals. Most Americans eat animal-based protein, especially when they are suddenly trying to increase their protein intake. Even more so if they are paying attention to number of carbs and trying to keep those the same or of minimal increase. Aside from high levels of protein promoting disease, getting 30-40g protein/meal (from meat and dairy) often means eating fewer nutrient dense foods containing antioxidants, vitamins, minerals, etc. which further promotes the likelihood of disease. Can you please cite the longterm, peer-reviewed research that proves 1-1.2g of protein helps prevent chronic disease or at least is benign? Thank you.
  2. @carolabraham9629 [1 likes]: I had no idea that I needed more protein in my diet! My doctor never took the time to educate me about this stage of life and the issues and how I can improve. They are concerned about weight but never discuss menopause. Thanks so much for sharing and making a difference ❤
  3. @blue.joce... [1 likes]: in France.Recommendation is protein .8 g/Kg, when under 60, but as you get older you must increase to 1.2 g /Kg or more if an athlete. That is far lower than that crazy amount some american doctors advise!!! I have an athlete friend in France 75 y old who climbs mountains here in the Alps, tall and lean and muscular. He eats less protein than recommended by american doctors . i admire his intellect too. It seems to me the american Dr Li NOW advises about the same amounts as in Europe . 
I'm 72 , 1.55 m,  48 ks and eat about 55 gr of protein /day, but that is really difficult on my digestive system🙃 . Moreover, measuring the grams of protein in each food is quite a challenge, about 20 gr in a 100 gr steak . So my thought is 'do ppl count right?, Or wrong and get to be obese?' 😶 My Dr told me too much protein is hard on the kidneys, so we have to be careful.
It would be nice to hear from you, Dr Sims.
  4. @SashaBoops: I leurn more by seeing. so please show meals
  5. @JennyPritchard-m6g: Should we keep away from sugar
  6. @dulcereyes4973: Thankyou ❤Thankyou
  7. @TheEFTCoach: Ok but if you're a small woman, so doable. But when you're looking at eating 175-200g of protein a day? It's a lot! It's hard. 😮
  8. @fruitfullynourishing: This is true. Unfortunately, I just can't eat 1 gram of protein. I used to before gastritis.
  9. @wuttupg: Can you please clarify how many grams of protein apply to someone who's obese and trying to lose weight?
  10. @Ulysseiou: Our bodies can only utilize so much protein before turning it into fats and carbohydrates. How do we find the individual number that our body can successfully utilize? Your advice seems excessive.
  11. @SeaEarthSky: Hi Stacy, wonderful video & information as always, thank you 🙏 ...... Can you please advise how a vegetarian who's about 240 lbs can eat 314grams of protein daily (initially & then reduce as the weight comes off)? For women who want to loose weight, reverse diabetes, improve muscle, bones, brain, heart function, etc.? Can you please advise? Be wonderful if you could bring out some Mediterranean recipie books that have different protein options for the various eating options, e.g. vegan, vegetarian, keto 800 cal, keto, pescitarian, meat eaters, for each recipe, might that be possible? Thank you so much what your doing for women & women's health, wellbeing, longevity, independance, & so on. Greatly appreciated 🙏
  12. @anursesgarden: I am 59 years old and Post menopausal. I have been postmenopause for at least 5 years and have just recently started on HRT. I am still over 200 lb Even though I have recently lost about 30 lb. How can I take in over 200 g of protein without taking in so many calories that I will not lose weight?
  13. @StefanyMariani: What protein powder do you use?
  14. @tierra557: i love this lady
  15. @Frogman125: All protein is not equal.  Plant protein is not complete (amino acids) and is contained into the plant fiber, which you can not digest, thus can't access it.  Meat, eggs, fish, chicken.  Look up protein synthesis rates of proteins.  Don't eat soy, ever.  Wake up ladies, eat plants, survive, eat meat, thrive.
  16. @katiecramer4031: what would a post menopausal woman who is obese and just had gastric sleeve and just started strength training, need in protein... I'm 288 and obviously I can't eat 288 grams of protein
  17. @fionaglidden5954: Hi Stacy, thanks for getting your messages out! I am 59, 6 foot tall, weigh 88kg and am vegan. I weight lift 4 x week, also do 2 x RPM bike classes, yoga x 1, Body Balance x 2, Pilates x1 and walk my dog 2 x day. So I'm quite active. I'm also on an oestrogen blocker following breast cancer and am osteopenic due to chemotherapy. I'm finding it very hard to lose weight and I find it impossible to get enough protein: 2g x 88kg = 176 g protein!!! I currently take soy protein powder vanilla and raw, can't stand the flavour of pea, several times a day, up to 120 g. I'm a bit concerned as the vanilla is sweetened, they say naturally with monk fruit but I mix it with raw 1:1. I would so appreciate any recommendations. Thank you Fiona x
  18. @TheTastefulCupboard: Hello! This is so helpful, thank you! What is recommended for men across their ages? I think they would also need greater than the RDA, but would appreciate your perspective and recommended resources on this. Thank you!
  19. @N.F.L.A.G: You ever stumble into something by accident and think… wait, this is weirdly perfect for me? Yeah, that just happened with this video. I’m not saying the universe hand-delivered it, but I’m also not wasting this random blessing. Anyway… I subscribed. End of story 😅
  20. @aprilbatty8369: I’m over 40 and 160-192 grams of protein seems so difficult to get in a calorie deficit. I’m currently getting around 120-130 grans and most days that’s a struggle. Seems so overwhelming.

- Avoid Muscle Loss After 40 | Protein Diet, Yoga & Strength Tips | Dr Hansaji: Kind: captions Language: en Namaskar. Did you know that after the age of 30, adults lose 3 to 5% of their muscle mass every decade, and after 40, this loss speeds dramatically. The surprising part is it's not just about looking less toned. It directly affects your strength, balance, metabolism, and even how long you live. The real mistake most people make after 40 thinking that just eating less or only walking every day is enough to stay fit. The truth is that if you're not actively protecting your muscles, you are slowly losing them, and with it your energy, your vitality, and your independence. But here's the good news. With the right food, the right type of exercise, and little smart recovery, you can actually stop muscle loss and stay strong into your 50s, 60s, and beyond. The first and most important step is to give your muscles the building block that they need is the high-quality protein. At this age, your body doesn't absorb protein as efficiently as it used to, which means that you need to be more mindful of your diet. If your meals are only rice, roti, vegetables without enough protein, your muscles will keep breaking down. What you should do is include natural protein-rich food in every meal. Moong dal, paneer, tofu, curd, nuts and seeds, all these help rebuild and repair muscle tissue. Even something simple like taking a handful of roasted chana or pumpkin seed as a snack makes difference. One simple recipe you can make is moong dal chilla stuffed with paneer and spinach. Moong dal is light, easy to digest, and packed with plant protein. Paneer adds calcium and slow digestive protein, while spinach gives iron and magnesium to support muscle function. Just soak moong dal overnight, grind it into a batter, spread it like dosa, and stuff it with clean sauteed paneer and spinach. This way you're giving your muscle a complete nourishment in a form that is tasty, easy to make, and filling even on busy morning. And if you prefer something quick to drink, you can try a banana almond protein smoothie. Blend one ripe banana, 8 to 10 soaked almonds, half a cup of Greek yogurt or soy milk, and a spoon of chia seed. This gives you potassium, magnesium, healthy fats, and good protein in one glass. A perfect way to begin the day without feeling heavy, yet keeping your muscles strong. And next thing you must not ignore is doing some weight-bearing exercises or doing some asanas. Many people over 40 thinks exercise should only means walking or light yoga. Those are wonderful, but if you completely skip weight-bearing movements, your muscles won't get signals to grow and stay strong. Remember, muscles follow the principle of use it or lose it. You don't have to lift heavy weight in gym to see the result. Even simple bodyweight asanas done at home like Utkatasana, Adho Mukha Svanasana are enough to activate the major muscle group. Just 15-20 minutes three to four times in a week will make a huge difference. When you give your body this kind of resistance, the protein you eat is directed in building muscles rather than getting stored as fat. These weight-bearing practices also do something deeper. It keeps your bones strong, improve balance, and even helps regulate hormones like testosterone and growth hormone, both of which naturally decline after 40. This is why those who combine good protein intake with regular strength training look and feel much younger than their age. And then, don't forget recovery. Many people think more activity is always better, but if you don't rest well, your muscles don't repair, and you feel constant fatigue. Prioritize good sleep, stay hydrated, and include food rich in magnesium like green leafy vegetables and seeds. These help your muscles relax, prevent cramps, and make sure you wake up with energy instead of stiffness. You see, muscle loss after 40 is not inevitable. If you nourish your body with the right protein, engage your muscles with resistance practices, and give them time to recover, you can maintain your vitality, independence, and confidence into later years. So don't make a mistake of neglecting your muscles. Protect them, and they will protect you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [23 likes]: Most people over 40 don’t realize that they’re slowly losing muscle every year. In this video, Hansaji shares the common “muscle loss” mistake people make after 40 and the simple lifestyle shifts to stay strong, active, and youthful at any age. Learn about how food, asanas, and smart recovery can protect your strength, metabolism, and energy naturally. Watch the full video to understand how you can rebuild and retain your strength with simple Indian foods and home practices. Our goal is to make good health a priority, promote well-being and make this world a healthier place to live in.
  2. @dhanrajmohan701 [3 likes]: Public comments.  Lord Krishna blessings to you mataji ❤❤❤
  3. @suryakumari-w1g [2 likes]: Very useful video... please do one more video suggesting some exercises can do at home
  4. @omerosdaskalos7708 [2 likes]: Very useful advice and guidance Ji 😊🙏💖💕💖💕 Thank you so much
  5. @terinramachandran955 [1 likes]: Animal protein in right quantity with resistance training 4- 5 time will help as well..
  6. @anjujhunjhunwala7361 [1 likes]: Age of 61 female suggests about muscle loss. Vegetarian . Should I start boiled egg
  7. @anandhikrishnan6389: I happened to see this video of yours just when I needed it. Thank you for taking us through the facts so well! I am 60 and hope to pick up your tips for muscle retention! Thank you!
  8. @jayahemnani4705: Thank You Hansa Maa, Are supposed to eat Protein dense food after workout or before...?
  9. @Aditya-j5b3t: Nature-Amino from Planet Ayurveda really helps improve muscle strength naturally.
  10. @gratefulnthankful9412: Thank you very much
  11. @shilpashinde5247: How nicely you made it easy to understand..❤
  12. @satishchhatpar: Thank you
  13. @vasavisridharan5922: Thank you mam🙏🏻🙏🏻
  14. @dhairyavan7809: Thank you sharing your knowledge
  15. @Ah-xb4cu: Thank you
  16. @pradeep051: The intro seems good and relevant, but the advice of food is really terrible. 
Moong dal has very limited protein and is also loaded with carbs.
you have to lift heavy weights to strengthen bones and muscles.
  17. @sangeethac959: Very useful
  18. @12sayada: Thank you so much Mam ❤
  19. @oamyway975: 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  20. @lokeshsharma-gd1xo: While growing older appetite also not good, i think this is not a good suggestion to eat or drink

- Growing MUSCLES over 50 Years of Age: Kind: captions Language: en I want to share some very important information about preserving your muscle for longevity did you realize that when certain people lose weight it actually shortens their lifespan now how can that be I mean we all know that losing weight helps you live longer right as you get older it's very important that you maintain a good amount of lean muscle mass as a side note I do want to mention something that's very popular right now people going on o zic that manipulate certain hormones to help you establish better blood sugar and decrease hunger and slow down digestion what you should also know is it comes with a package in certain trials they showed that these drugs can actually significantly cause muscle loss the weight that the person's losing is not all fat and in one study they compared it to a decade or more of Aging it would be terrible for someone to go on that drug lose all this weight and find out that it actually also lost a lot of muscle and then put them at risk for not living as long as I read the study it became very apparent what you're losing really really is important and when we're talking about preserving lean muscle mass out of all the things that you can do for longevity that is at the top of the list muscle loss actually starts for most people in their 30s that's right we have this peak muscle mass let's say you know 18 19 20 years old and then in your 30s it starts to kind of slightly go downward I want to mention sarcopenia for a second because this is age related muscle loss when and one of the ways they Define it is that when you lose 20% or more of your muscle that would be considered sarcopenia muscle helps regulate blood sugar muscle supports your metabolism and how you metabolize energy when people start developing the sarcopenia their risk for diabetes goes up the risk for immune problems goes up their overall mortality the risk of dying goes up as well on average an 80-year-old will lose about 50% of their muscle however I am going to explain how you can avoid that of course one of the most important things you can do for your muscle is called exercise right did you realize that inactivity can decrease your muscle mass how many people are sitting in their couch just like watching a lot of TV after they retire and they pretty much don't exercise anymore the worst thing you can do for your muscles is not move and the other point about that is of course you want to have the raw material to build proteins so that would be grass-fed red meat is at the top of the list but what do they tell you to avoid as you get older right avoid red meat because it's going to cause cancer that's a total lie I think it's very very important to spread out your protein throughout the day you should probably do maybe two meals a day or even three meals a day depending on how much muscle loss that you have and then you should actually take that protein and even it out through the entire day to keep aable protein there for your muscles to take in through the day and this is one of the the problems I have with a person being a vegan especially as they get older getting the quality amount of protein into their muscles another thing that's really fascinating about this topic is that insomnia is very deadly to your muscles poor sleep will drain muscle mass more than a poor diet when you're sleeping this is where all the recovery occurs with your muscles all of the benefit of exercise occurs at night not during the day or not during a stress event and the type of exercise that you do is very very important too you want to do something that creates resistance on your muscles we need to be able to create enough stimulus to cause the muscles to react and adapt to that stress and resistance training is the most important secret to reversing age related muscle loss this should be a priority for you as you get older it's very very important regular resistance training regular strength training your fat is a reserve for energy your muscle also has a reserve and this is why your body can fast for a period of time it could not eat for days or weeks where is it getting the protein from your muscle this Reserve in your muscle is also there to be able to heal from an injury to allow your immune system to tap into these amino acids because your immune system is all protein the white blood cells the repair enzymes the enzymes to help help grow your body are all protein you also use amino acids to make glucose for certain tissues that are dependent on glucose called glucon neogenesis the formation of new sugar from noncarbohydrate sources this muscle Reserve matters it's super important our body requires more protein during infection during immune crisis and after exercise having enough muscle also can infl inuence your cognitive State all these neurotransmitters are made out of guess what protein the muscles are important in your lymphatic system because it's dependent on your muscles and how well that you use your muscles when you exercise and you do some type of intense exercise you also release anti-aging molecules they're called myokines they help with pain they help with bone exercise is so important there's another type of muscle loss called ketsia This is muscle loss at any age is dependent on chronic illness whether it's cancer or some type of disease like in cancer the body is stealing all that protein for its fuel so in summary these are the things that you should focus on as you age increase your lean body mass and at the top of the list consistent exercise high-intensity interval training doing strength training walking stretching number two your diet and I'm talking about having adequate amount of high quality amino acids from red meat now it is not true that red meat causes cancer okay grass-fed red meat I'm talking about beef lamb super important if you have any problems digesting red meat which a lot of people do as they age you should acidify the stomach instead of avoiding red meat how do you do that you start taking ban hydrochloride like maybe four or five of them before you eat the red meat build up the stomach acid it's going to help you absorb not just the protein but also minerals as well remember we need this high quality protein for our immune system for enzymes for antioxidants for the ability to detox the ability to repair the ability to maintain your muscle also make a point of this collagen 30% of your muscles are collagen take a collagen supplement trace minerals and other nutrients are very important in the formation of muscle I'm going to list the most important ones first okay number one magnesium glycinate super super important magnesium and the exercise will help you sleep which will also help your muscles number two vitamin D number three zinc very important and then we get other trace minerals like selenium and copper the B vitamins are very important coenzyme Q10 very important iron is important but I don't recommend taking that as a supplement get that from your red meat but there's one more little cool thing I'm going to bring up that I'm glad that you stayed this far because this is like really important I recently went from 185 to 191 pounds and it was all muscle and I didn't change anything but one thing there's a certain type of cultured microbe that you can make and the microbe you would use is called L ruteri I did a whole video on this but this microb has some fascinating research with increasing oxytocin which is going to decrease stress it's going to help your sleep but also there's some amazing data that it can increase muscle stem cell and I think it's doing it for myself and I'm going to keep doing this and if you haven't seen the video of me talking about it I'm going to put it up right here check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabrielhayes75 [1 likes]: Sorry but after 50 your test levels tank and you can't synthesize protein that well. There's alot of people out there that can't acheive muscle hypertrophy after 50 no matter what they do. It's just biology and it sucks.
  2. @arturomadridm3 [1 likes]: 💪🏼
  3. @shepavedtheway [1 likes]: Hi after you praised RFK I DONT WATCH YOU ANYMORE. My algorithm also showed my many other doctors naturally influencing . RFK I was shocked such an imbeciel he is. Now I realized only a racist, bigoted person would praise him too only Republicans would do this!!!
  4. @godardcroon7674 [1 likes]: All serious tips but when you started to sum up all the supplements you kind of lost me. Hope you’re not too deeply invested in the industry
  5. @coffeeman2079 [1 likes]: Not great info for a vegan . Unsubscribed.
  6. @kenyeuong1773: Yes weight training to maintain muscle mass is the longevity of life. But having a six pack is also not healthy and of course so is excessive body fat.
  7. @Cardano_yogi: Mg biglycinate ?
  8. @govindsolanki1091: When I was 12 year old GBS happened with me 34 year old my weight 34 kg I had loss of muscles  still in din't  completely recovery   please make one video  on GBS
  9. @FBomb-z3t: good he is really big on taking tablets ...must be cause he is an american. Taking lots of tablets is not a good thing
  10. @truth-1111: Would u suggest whey protien shake 2 scoops a day at 2 different times dr berg ?
  11. @stumpington-c7x: eat right and exercise was the point ?? LOL
  12. @44point5: Good luck finding grass fed red meat. Good luck finding affordable grass fed red meat. Good luck finding meat from cows that ate a diversity of grasses and forbs.
  13. @vinmangob8555: I used to love working out, but I got gout so bad now,  I can't walk half the days, about to lose my job.
  14. @Raymond-n3u: I wish there’s was an actual person that can testify on all these doctor theories.
  15. @redblue2743: Some reports of becoming blind
  16. @ketotrucker6262: AGAIN! Dr.Berg is hitting a home run! Thank you!❤🙂
  17. @danielsantiago1416: I am planning to skip my exercise today untill I watched this.😊😊😊😊 I am 55 by the way.
  18. @antoniocarlosrodriguescamp1497: Whey protein?
  19. @joshuapaterson6002: react, adapt, readapt, apt
  20. @BoltonnStrid: Hydrochloride what?

- 7-Day High-Protein Meal Plan for Women Over 50 | Boost Muscle • Bone Health • Metabolism: Kind: captions Language: en So, if you're a woman over 50 and you want to feel stronger, more vital, you might think the secret is some crazy new workout routine. But what if I told you the real answer is already sitting right there on your plate? Today, we're going to break down a 7-day high protein meal plan that's designed specifically to help you feel absolutely fantastic. Does this sound familiar at all? You know that feeling when you go to get off the couch and it feels less like just standing up and more like you're in some kind of highstakes negotiation with gravity itself. If you're nodding along, you are definitely not alone. It's a super common feeling. But here's the thing, you don't just have to accept it because there is a secret weapon in this fight and it's powerful. It's accessible and honestly, it's delicious. It's protein. And let's just forget that idea that it's only for bodybuilders. For women over 50, protein is the absolute key to holding on to your strength and your energy. Okay. So, why all this talk about protein all of a sudden? What is actually changing in our bodies that makes this one nutrient so incredibly important? Let's dive into the science behind it all. Well, the big reason has a name, sarcopenia. Now, I know it sounds a little complicated, maybe even intimidating, but all it really means is the natural loss of muscle mass our bodies go through as we get older. Just putting a name to it helps us understand exactly what we're dealing with. Get this. We can lose 1 to 2% of our muscle mass every single year after 50. Now, that might not sound like a huge number, but trust me, over a few years, it really adds up. This slow, steady loss is exactly what gives us that negotiating with gravity feeling, and it's why we need to be proactive. But here's the great news. Fighting back with protein isn't just about muscles. It comes with this amazing trio of other benefits. First, it actually boosts your metabolism because your body has to work harder. It burns more calories just to digest protein. Second, it's crucial for supporting bone health. And third, it helps stabilize your blood sugar, which is huge for avoiding those afternoon energy slumps and keeping cravings in check. Okay, so we've totally covered the why. Now, let's get to the fun part, the how. We're going to take a look at the 7-day plan itself and see just how simple it is to actually follow. The whole philosophy here is to keep things simple and sustainable. We're aiming for about 25 to 35 g of protein at each meal. You're going to eat three meals and two snacks, so no starving yourself. This keeps your energy nice and steady. And variety is so important. Boredom is definitely not on this menu. And maybe best of all, the whole thing is designed to be prep friendly, so you're not stuck in the kitchen all week. So, what does a day on this plan actually look like? Well, let's check out day one, which is called Mediterranean Magic. You'd start with a Greek yogurt parfait, have some hummus and veggies for a snack, a big beautiful grilled chicken salad for lunch, then maybe some cottage cheese and pineapple, and finish the day with baked cod and a quinoa palaf. I mean, this is not about deprivation at all. It's about eating delicious food that fuels you. And you've got to love this little description of quinoa. Tiny flavor pebbles that soak up every herb and spice. How great is that? It just completely flips the script on thinking of healthy food as bland. It's a canvas for flavor. And that mindset is what makes eating well feel like a joy, not a chore. All right, having a plan is one thing, but making it actually fit into your real busy life, that's what really counts. So, let's talk about some practical tips to make sure this whole thing works for you. Okay, four simple steps. That's it. Number one, do a little prep on Sunday. Cook some chicken, chop your veggies. It's a gamecher. Two, hydrate. Your body needs plenty of water to process all that great protein. Three, adjust your portions. Really listen to your body. It'll tell you what it needs. And four, maybe the most important one, swap freely. This is a template, not a prison sentence. Now, of course, whenever you start something new, you're going to have some questions pop up. So, let's just go ahead and tackle some of the most common ones right now. A huge one that always comes up is about dietary needs, right? What if you don't eat meat? Or maybe you don't eat any animal products at all? Can you still follow this kind of plan? The answer is a huge resounding yes. Absolutely. You just swap out the animal proteins for amazing plant-based powerhouses like tofu, tempeh, lentils, chickpeas. You can easily hit your goals. That kind of flexibility is just so key. And speaking of results, a lot of people are probably wondering, "Hey, can a plan like this actually help with weight management?" It sure can. See, protein is incredible for what we call satiety. That's just the feeling of being full and satisfied. And when you feel fuller for longer, you're just naturally less likely to overeat. It's a massive help for managing your weight without feeling deprived. Okay, this all leads to probably the most important question of all. What if you just plain don't like some of the foods on the plan? Are you stuck? Not even a little bit. I love this phrase. Think of this plan as a flexible framework, not a straight jacket. If you don't like cod, swap it for chicken. If you're not a fan of something else, pick a protein source you do love. It's the principle that matters, not the exact ingredient. So, that's really the big takeaway here. This isn't a list of rigid do or die rules. It's a guide. It's a framework to help you build meals that make you feel vibrant and energized and just incredibly strong. Because ultimately, that's what it all comes down to, right? It's about fueling your body so you can go out and live your life to the fullest. It's for strong muscles, sure, but it's also for having the energy for hearty laughter, for new adventures, and for making these years your absolute best ones yet. So, I'll leave you with this question to think about. Looking at the plan or just thinking about your own favorite healthy foods, what's the one dish you're most excited to make to start fueling your own strength?

- Women Over 50 Need More Protein Than Standard Recommendations Suggest: Kind: captions Language: en Women over 50 frequently report frustration with their body's responses to exercise and dietary efforts that previously maintained their desired weight and strength. Despite consistent workouts, careful eating, and adequate sleep, many notice declining muscle tone, increasing difficulty maintaining weight, and reduced strength. While multiple factors contribute to these changes, inadequate protein intake emerges as a frequently overlooked yet modifiable contributor. The standard protein recommendations designed primarily to prevent deficiency rather than optimize health prove insufficient for supporting muscle maintenance and metabolic health in midlife and beyond. Understanding why protein needs increase after 50, determining appropriate intake targets, and implementing practical strategies for meeting those targets provides women with actionable tools for preserving strength, independence, pra, and metabolic health across the decades following menopause. Age related muscle loss and its consequences. Beginning in the 30s and accelerating after menopause, women experience sarcopenia, progressive loss of skeletal muscle mass and strength. This process typically involves muscle loss of 3 to 8% per decade after 30 with rates increasing substantially following menopause when estrogen levels decline. Skeletal muscle serves functions extending beyond movement. Muscle tissue constitutes the primary site of glucose disposal, taking up glucose in response to insulin. Higher muscle mass improves insulin sensitivity and helps regulate blood sugar. Muscle also burns calories at rest, contributing substantially to basal metabolic rate. Beyond metabolic effects, muscle supports physical independence. Adequate strength enables activities including carrying groceries, climbing stairs, and maintaining balance. Muscle protects joints and provides mechanical loading that stimulates bone remodeling. The consequences of progressive muscle loss include reduced metabolic rate, increased insulin resistance, higher body fat percentage, decreased bone density, impaired balance and fall risk, and reduced functional independence. Protein's role in muscle maintenance. Dietary protein provides amino acids that cells use to synthesize new proteins, including muscle proteins. Muscle underos constant turnover with breakdown and synthesis occurring continuously. When synthesis exceeds breakdown, muscle mass increases. When breakdown exceeds synthesis, muscle declines. Adequate protein intake supports muscle protein synthesis. However, aging changes this equation. Older adults develop anabolic resistance, a reduced muscle protein synthetic response to protein intake. Where a younger person might maximize synthesis with 20 g of protein per meal, an older adult may require 25 to 35 g. This anabolic resistance means older women need both more total protein and larger permeal doses. The recommendation of8 gram per kilogram body weight daily proves insufficient for supporting muscle maintenance in aging women. Updated protein recommendations for women over 50. Current research examining protein needs in older adults suggests women over 50 should target 1.0 to 1.2 g of protein per kilogram body weight daily as a baseline. For women engaging in regular strength training or attempting to preserve muscle during weight loss, optimal intake may reach 1.2 to 1.6 g per kilogram daily. Translating these recommendations to practical targets, a woman weighing 150 lb, approximately 68 kg, should aim for 68 to 82 g of protein daily at minimum. If strength training regularly, her target would increase to 82 to 109 g. These targets typically exceed what women currently consume. Many women estimate they eat adequate protein, but actual tracking reveals intakes around 40 to 50 g daily, well below optimal levels. The distribution of protein across meals matters as much as total daily intake. Rather than consuming most protein at dinner, spreading protein evenly throughout the day better Research suggests targeting 25 to 35 gram per meal optimally stimulates muscle protein synthesis in older adults. This per meal target reflects the higher threshold required to overcome anabolic resistance. Many women consume minimal protein at breakfast, perhaps 5 to 10 g from toast, oatmeal with fruit or pastries. This missed opportunity for muscle protein synthesis accumulates over time. Shifting to protein richch breakfasts, including eggs, Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, or protein smoothies, can provide 25 to 30 grams per meal, substantially improving daily protein distribution. Protein sources and practical implementation. Highquality protein sources include both animal and plant options. Animal proteins including eggs, Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, chicken, turkey, fish, and lean beef provide complete amino acid profiles with high bioavailability. Plant proteins including legumes, tofu, tempeh, and quinoa also contribute meaningful protein. Though combining sources helps ensure adequate intake of all essential amino acids, protein powder supplements offer practical convenience for busy schedules or difficulty meeting targets through whole foods alone. While not necessary for everyone, they provide a tool for reaching adequate intake without requiring extensive meal preparation. Building meals around protein sources helps ensure adequate intake. Starting with a protein foundation, then adding fiber richch carbohydrates and healthy fats creates balanced meals, supporting both immediate satiety and long-term metabolic health. The synergy between protein and strength training. Adequate protein intake supports muscle maintenance, but cannot fully prevent age related muscle loss without mechanical stimulation. Strength training provides the stimulus signaling muscles to maintain tissue. The combination produces effects neither intervention achieves alone. Strength training need not be extreme. Two to three sessions weekly, each lasting 20 to 30 minutes, provides sufficient stimulus. Progressive overload, gradually increasing resistance over time, ensures continued adaptation. The benefits include preserved muscle mass, improved insulin sensitivity, maintained metabolic rate, improved bone density, enhanced balance, and sustained functional capacity. Additional benefits of adequate protein intake. Beyond supporting muscle, adequate protein intake provides multiple metabolic benefits. Protein increases satiety more effectively than carbohydrates or fats, helping regulate appetite and total calorie intake. Protein has a higher thermic effect of food, meaning the body expends more energy digesting protein. This modest metabolic boost contributes to overall energy balance. Protein intake supports bone health alongside calcium and vitamin D. Adequate protein provides amino acids necessary for bone matrix synthesis and appears to enhance calcium absorption. Stable blood sugar represents another benefit. Protein slows carbohydrate digestion and moderates glucose absorption, reducing blood sugar spikes and supporting insulin sensitivity. Common concerns and misconceptions. Many women express concern that increased protein or strength training will create bulky physiques. This reflects misunderstanding of muscle physiology. Building substantial muscle requires intensive progressive training over months to years. The modest strength training and protein intake recommended for health produces improved tone without excessive size. Another misconception holds that healthy eating automatically provides adequate protein. While nutrient-dense diets support health, they do not automatically deliver optimal protein unless intentionally designed to do so. Concerns about kidney damage from higher protein lack support in healthy individuals. People with normal kidney function tolerate protein intakes well above standard recommendations without adverse effects. Implementing sustainable changes rather than attempting dramatic overnight changes. Gradual adjustments improve adherence. Beginning by calculating individual protein targets based on body weight provides a concrete goal. Tracking intake for several days reveals current patterns and identifies opportunities for improvement. Boosting breakfast protein represents an accessible first step. Replacing typical breakfast foods with protein richch options immediately improves daily distribution. Building meals around protein sources. Adding snacks containing 10 to 20 g of protein and incorporating strength training two to three times weekly creates a comprehensive approach. Patience proves essential. Bodies adapt gradually to new patterns. Visible changes accumulate over weeks and months. Consistency matters more than perfection. Hey.

- How Much Protein Do You Need Over 50 To Prevent Muscle Loss?: Kind: captions Language: en one of the biggest concerns that I see in people over the age of 50 is building and maintaining their muscle mass so they can stay active and independent as they age now when they come to see me for physical therapy largely their concern is finding exercises to help them get stronger but all of the exercises in the world aren't going to make a difference if you're not backing it up with the proper nutrition now all aspects of nutrition are important for maintaining General Health for maintaining a healthy weight and for increasing or maintaining your muscle mass but one of the biggest mistakes that I see people make is not getting enough protein and there are a lot of reasons why you may not get enough protein as you age for example when you're cooking for a family you're likely to make a large meal but as the kids move out or even if you become widowed or if you're living by yourself you may not have the desire to go to all the trouble of making a big meal just for yourself or for yourself and a spouse Additionally you start to lose your smell a little bit as you age and because you can't smell your food as well it doesn't taste as good and when it doesn't taste as good you don't have as much of a desire to eat furthermore you're becoming less active and so you have a lower energy requirement and so that's another reason why you may not intake as much food in general now when we decrease our caloric intake we tend to decrease that proportionally with what we're used to eating and so you decrease the amount of carbohydrates that you eat you decrease the amount of fat you eat and you also decrease the amount of protein that you eat and because of that as you're decreasing everything your protein intake is going to decrease now you'd think as you're less active and you need less caloric intake that you'd also need less protein but actually the reverse is true the American College of sports medicine recommends that you actually have a slight increase in your protein intake after you get to be the age of 50 just to maintain your muscle mass so if we look at the normal recommended daily allowance for protein intake it's 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight or 0.35 grams of protein per pound of body weight now as you get to be over the age of 50 the American College of sports medicine actually recommends that you increase that intake to one gram per kilogram of body weight and if you're participating in physical activities for example you're cycling or you're lifting weights then that goes up even further if you're a little bit active then you may have to increase that to 1.2 grams per kilogram of body weight or if you're very active that can go up as high as 1.7 grams per kilogram body weight and again if you're used to using pounds that's roughly 0.5 to 0.8 grams of protein per pound of body weight now if you look at the recommended daily allowance of 0.8 grams per kilogram of body weight and then 0.8 grams per pound of body weight for an active adult that's a big discrepancy there are 2.2 pounds per kilogram and so that means you're roughly doubling the amount of protein intake that you need if you're an active older adult now to further increase that discrepancy a lot of bodybuilding recommendations are that you eat one gram per pound of body weight and most people over 50 aren't trying to build as much muscle as a bodybuilder but that just goes to show you that people who have been building a lot of muscle for a long time eat significantly higher amounts of protein than the recommended daily allowance and largely you can do so safely if you don't have any kidney problems now I would recommend checking with your doctor particularly if you do have kidney problems but for most people it's significantly higher amount of protein than the recommended daily allowance is really what's needed to build muscle mass additionally if you're recovering from an injury and you're trying to rebuild tissues for example ligaments or tendons muscles all of those require an increased protein requirement as well I always tell people that if you think about building a house your carbohydrates are like your Workforce they give you the energy but the protein is the bricks it's the stuff that the house is actually built out of and you can have a lot of workers show up to the job site but if they don't have any bricks to lay down then the house isn't going to get built no matter how many workers are there so it is important that you get enough protein in your diet particularly if you're looking to build muscle mass maintain muscle mass or recover from an injury so how do you do that well the sources of protein are number one animal products for example meat fish Dairy those are all complete proteins they have all the essential amino acids and the proper proportions that your body needs to use them you can also get protein from peas beans grains nuts and seeds those all have proteins but they don't necessarily have the complete complement of amino acids in the right proportions as animal products do so if you are a vegetarian especially if you're vegan you need to be really careful about making sure you're mixing and matching your proteins it's not just about the overall amount but making sure that you're getting a good compliment that you're getting all the amino acids that you need to use that protein properly in your body now if you're looking at animal products for example meat a general rule of thumb is that a four ounce raw serving of meat is somewhere around 25 grams of protein and so to use a simple easy rule of thumb one pound of meat has roughly 100 grams of protein now if you're a 75 kilogram individual or 165 pound individual if you look at just the recommended daily allowance of 0.8 grams per kilogram the absolute minimum that you need to avoid deficiency that's about 60 grams of protein per day and I see a lot of people that don't even get that much through their diet as they age now that's not a ton if you are eating eight ounces of meat or an eight ounce steak you're gonna get fairly close to that in just one meal but if you have decreased your appetite and you're not eating quite as much it's very possible that you can get below even that amount now if you look at one gram per kilogram recommendations for someone who's over the age of 50 that increases to 75 grams for 165 pound individual or 75 kilogram individual and then if you further increase that to one gram per pound of body weight you're looking at about 165 grams of protein so for most people who are say 75 kilograms or 165 pounds and are over the age of 50 are somewhat active you're most likely going to need somewhere between 75 grams of protein per day and 165 grams of protein per day so what do you do if you don't think you can stomach eating a pound or more of meat per day well you can add eggs to your breakfast you can intake more Dairy if you don't have dairy allergies or you can supplement there are lots of high quality proteins on the market you do have to be a little bit careful because the supplement industry is largely unregulated and so if you're buying the cheapest product on the market you're probably not getting the best value but you don't necessarily need the most expensive one either I'll put a link in the description to the protein supplement that I use it may or may not be the best for you but this is one that I've personally used additionally if you are a vegetarian there are vegetarian protein supplements for example soy is one example although you do have to be a little bit careful with how much soy you're consuming particularly if you have a family history of breast cancer or pea protein and brown rice protein are other vegetarian sources that are common in non-dairy protein products so hopefully you found this video helpful to better understand your protein requirements so that all the effort that you're putting in in the gym or at home or in physical therapy aren't just going to waste I would encourage you to track your nutrition intake particularly the protein for a week and just see how much you're actually getting and then if you are deficient use some of the suggestions that I mentioned earlier in this video to increase your protein requirements again talk to your doctor especially if you do have kidney problems because the more protein you intake the more nitrogen you have to Output through your kidneys and that can be a little bit harder on your kidneys so again hopefully you found this video helpful if you did give it a like And subscribe to our channel so you can get notified of our future videos thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @KurlyKath [4 likes]: Great, easy to understand, information.  Thank you!  :-)
  2. @AnnemarieMytka [3 likes]: My name is Annemarie I have spinal stenosis, I am in terrible pain, I was bedridden, pain in my neck as well, my back has compression, any help thank you 🙏
  3. @2444Reid [2 likes]: People forget that Protein & good nutrition are also a form of medicine to stay well & improve muscle mass.  Thank you for the detailed information about the need for protein & good nutrition to maintain muscles, bones & internal organ functions.
  4. @loriwilliamson5738 [1 likes]: This video is extremely helpful!  Thorough and easy to understand.  You covered all of my questions!  It was like you knew what I was thinking then you answered it.  Thank you for accomodating vegetarian and vegan eaters.
  5. @elkepool3861 [1 likes]: very helpful advise, but I am still not sure about how much protein I need. I eat one egg daily and snack on cheese meat and other dairy and hope it will be enough.. Oh well...

- How Much Protein Do Us Women Over 50 Need: Kind: captions Language: en it's strength the month in the be healthy enough community and as i've been doing my research on strength training over 50 along with how to properly lift those weights another topic that always pops up is protein so today i'm going to share what i've been learning about why we need protein how much we should be getting now that we're over 50 and might be healthy enough tips to fit it all in [Music] hello it's amy from be healthy enough doing what i love to do showing my knowledge and experience to inspire you to find what being healthy enough means to you before i get started i am not a doctor or a registered dietitian before trying anything i recommend please consult one of these first why is it important to get enough protein as we age protein and the building blocks of protein called amino acids are responsible for the repair and maintenance of everybody's muscle tissue the need for more protein as we age is due to our decrease in muscle mass and a typical increase in fat mass in women over the age of 50. bodybuilders take in more protein to build up their bodies as women of a certain age we need needed to just maintain our bodies the loss in muscle mass is known as sarcopenia in greek it's the word for muscle poverty and i just learned that this week at about the age of 30 we start to lose muscle mass due to changes in our hormones decreased activity and the general aging process by the time women near 80 years they may have lost as much as half of their muscle mass unfortunately with the loss of muscle mass comes things like weight gain increased risk of falls poor posture not being able to do the things we love to do and the things we need to do to maintain our independence such as walking picking up our groceries getting off the pot there is good news though by making sure we're getting adequate protein and incorporating strength training into our exercise routines yay strength month we can minimize our risks and maximize our ability to make this second and even better half as amazing as we want just so you don't leave me yes protein is needed to build lean muscles but protein can also help if you're trying to lose weight did i grab your attention now i know that most of you watching this would like to lose a few pounds most women do how does protein help with weight loss first a pound of muscle mass burns about seven to ten calories per day while a pound of fat only burns one to two calories per day this means that the more muscle mass you have the higher your metabolism or your calorie burning efficiency protein is key to building that lean muscle mass it can also help you feel more satisfied and full compared to fats and carbohydrates if you're trying to lose weight you must be burning off more calories than you consume that's a fact to do this you typically have to cut some of the calories but loading up on protein rich calories can help you feel satisfied and therefore less hungry which is key to losing weight and lastly protein is a higher thermogenic effect food meaning that it takes more calories to break it down compared to fats and carbohydrates the process of diet just digesting protein gives your metabolism a little bit of a bump up now let's talk about how much protein we really need the data has changed over the years and of course it depends on you but i'll share what i've learned the rda or recommended daily allowance are guidelines set by large government agencies that have researched the minimum amount of protein that most humans need to maintain baseline health the rda numbers are i'll put them right here 0.8 grams per kilogram of body weight or 0.36 grams per pound of body weight if you're a 150 pound woman that's about 54 grams of protein a day from the rda allowances the general concern about those guidelines are they don't account for the progressive loss of muscle as we age here's what i found as of february 2022 as the optimal amount of protein for older adults again i'm not a registered dietitian this is from studies that i found in my research optimal protein needs for older adults is 1.6 oh over here 1.6 grams per kilogram of body weight or 0.73 grams per pound of body weight if you're 150 pounds that's 109 grams of protein that may seem like a lot but don't leave me yet you're with me my philosophy is be healthy enough yes you could start tracking everything you put in your mouth and get exactly the right amount of protein you need each day and while i recommend that every once in a while i recommend you spend some time with the food tracker i don't recommend tracking your food for an extended period of time because it can make you go cuckoo for cocoa puffs do you remember that commercial from the 80s i did this for about two weeks recently because i was really curious about how much protein i was getting in and i had put on just a couple pounds and i wanted to understand my total calories per day it was so eye-opening and i'm very happy to say that with just a few adjustments like cutting out those mindless handfuls of nuts every day and adding just a bit more protein to each of my meals i'm getting enough protein and i've taken off two pounds in just two weeks it also brought out some of my obsessive compulsive and neurotic thoughts about food and my goal is to be healthy enough so i'm only going to do that food tracking when something's not right and i need more data now let me show you how easy it can be to get enough protein in pause to do the calculations for how much protein you need remember 1.6 grams per kilogram of body weight or 0.73 grams per pound of body weight if you're trying to lose weight i recommend using your goal weight in these calculations do you have your numbers now let's throw them out the window and be healthy enough keeping it simple is going to be the key to consistency and consistency is the key to better health my little trick is to strive for 20 to 30 grams of protein at each meal and build a snack around protein my protein goal is 100 grams per day and if i get 30 grams at each meal plus a light snack of 10 grams of protein i'm good to go here are a few examples of how you can do that just real quick breakfast you can make it simple 2 eggs or 12 grams plus maybe some avocado a couple pieces of toast maybe a couple pieces of sliced bacon turkey and that's about 24 grams of protein or you can just do a two egg omelet with some bean chili beans are loaded with protein that's 28 grams or a smoothie with some protein powder that's 29 or look at this a half a cup of greek yogurt plus just a quarter cup of mixed nuts with some fruit for sweetener that's 30 grams of protein for breakfast it's really not that difficult and lunch is a lot easier turkey sandwich with three slices of turkey and a cup of lentil soup that's about 30 grams or you can have a salad with four ounces of chicken or salmon or tuna that's 26 to 42 grams of protein and dinner is even easier plan your dinner around three to four ounces of a meat based protein or even a plant-based protein such as tofu lentils beans quinoa even veggies contain some protein and don't forget a protein rich snack it talked about greek yogurt which is 16 grams of protein for a six ounce serving or veggies and hummus or a turkey roller peanut butter and celery my favorite or the new lots you see a lot of popular jerkies out there that has protein or even hard-boiled eggs which are six grams each whiskey's back they're getting a drink of water do you think you can do it just a couple of quick notes that i found okay it's better to spread your protein throughout the day i saw a statistic that your body can only utilize about 20 to 30 grams of protein at a time don't try to fit it all into one meal the best way to get your protein is through high quality foods and they don't have to be animal based there are a lot of good plant-based proteins out there if you can't get your protein through the foods you're eating you may want to supplement with a protein powder but please read all your ingredients and make sure it's a high quality one i'll leave a link to the one i'm using now if you start digging in you're going to see a lot of stuff on protein before during and after your workouts unless you're training to be a bodybuilder or have a condition you're working on with your doctor don't get caught up in all that marketing hype that you have to consume so much protein so many minutes after a workout it's not true remember they're probably trying to sell you something yes there are some risks with getting too much protein please please please consult your doctor or a registered dietitian before trying anything that i'm recommending here are you ready to start building some strength make sure you watch my video on the top questions i get about starting a strength training program and how to safely progress one if you'd like to try my 30-minute beginner strength training workout for free i'll leave that link below or if you'd like to join us for strength month and my strength challenge i offer a seven day free trial of all 200 plus workouts in the be healthy enough digital fitness studio members if you have any questions make sure you let me know or reach out and schedule a consultation using the book now link below looking forward to getting stronger with you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Barb6106 [10 likes]: This is a real reinforcement of all I read now about protein after 50.  Well said and well presented—I loved the suggestions on meals w/numbers!! I’m very happy to see this nonjudgmental delivery and great info without trying to scare anyone!
I did a protein count 8 months ago before I started changing my diet, and I was horrified at how little protein I was getting. But it was so obvious because I could not get down on the floor or stand up from sitting without struggling. I had knee issue and was sick of feeling lethargic.  I went all in on counting grams ..supplemental protein powder occasionally and daily collagen peptides.  After a week I felt like a child inside! My mood was through the roof! I started yoga, walking (added a weighted vest SLOWLY), and some weights.  Now I can stand up from getting on the floor without touching furniture and I went from planks at 30 seconds to now over 2 minutes.  My mood feels euphoric.. all thanks to protein addition.  Sarcopenia is devastating as you get older and protein really helps!  So many people think they get a lot.. but I think it is shocking when you see actual numbers!! And the new guidelines for over 50 have almost doubled!
Now I can’t speak to weight loss because I am very thin, but it did help with the constant swelling of my legs (gone) and belly pooch (gone). 
I always have been careful (mostly vegan for years) but during the lockdown I got on BAD habits of too much sugar, not enough anything good and too many glasses of “therapeutic” wine.  When I started the protein, I eliminated any and ALL foods with added sugar (I am vigilant!) and stopped all alcohol. I have had 1 glass of champagne at Christmas dinner, but that is it.  If I crave sugar I drink water.. then maybe a small fruit serving.  Works like magic.  I think most cravings are thirst in disguise! ( ha! This is what I tell myself!😂)
I look forward to watching your clever videos and getting more tips! I had forgotten several snacks I could add painlessly to cut fine on the high protein meals! Thank you!
FYI.. I am 75 years old and 115 pounds with zero medication and zero pain!! Hooray!!!
  2. @soupyvues [3 likes]: This is an absolutely fabulous discussion on protein!  Higher protein intake than the RDA guidelines is widely recommended in the research I’ve done, also. (Same disclaimer, I’m not a registered nutritionist!)  From personal experience, six weeks ago I wanted to lose some weight so I started tracking my protein intake and made changes to assure I was getting enough. The results have been amazing. I feel more mental clarity, have more energy, feel satiated and experience few cravings during the day. To my amazement, I have steadily lost 4-5 pounds. In all my memory, I’ve never lost weight so easily or felt so good and feel this is a shift in the way I eat, rather than a “weight loss program”.
  3. @rustyrules4264 [2 likes]: Too much jabbering.
  4. @Flying-qp [2 likes]: Informative...nicely  taught
  5. @shantishanti1949 [1 likes]: My mistake has been continuing OMAD whilst cutting carbs KETO. I should focus protein after 14/16 hours and get 100g protein like you say. 
Diana 65 years aiming for 65 kg body weight. 
Thank you for the info. New sub.
  6. @baljithayre1252 [1 likes]: Thank you
  7. @mirellamidgley5527 [1 likes]: Thank you, thank you, thank YOU for sharing your wisdom 🥰
  8. @MissAndi777: I just finished my last meal and I'm stuffed. I got 65 grams in. I'm 60 and I sit all day at work. There's no possible way I could eat 90 grams a day. I feel like I'm going to expload.
  9. @myfuturepuglife: I have a hard time keeping weight on. I can't even mention this around the women who are in my daily life. It sucks.
  10. @flower4598: Great Video TY ♥️
  11. @scottheitmanmarinesurvey3557: that's not enough by half

- Can Women Over 50 Build Muscle? Q&A on Training, Protein, & Menopause: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a woman over 50 who's been strength training and eating enough protein and you've heard all the things about your metabolism and hormones working against you that building muscle is harder and harder and frankly you're not seeing the strength gains or the fat loss or body recmp you know should be happening. This episode is for you because today I'm teaming up with fitness coach Pam Sherman to answer all the questions women over 50 are asking about training, nutrition, body recmp. We're covering everything from bone density and joint issues to protein and recovery. You'll learn why the advice you've been following might be holding you back, what a realistic timeline looks like for gaining muscle over 50, and specific tips that make a difference in strength and fat loss while your physiology is changing. Welcome to Wits and Weights, the show that helps you build a strong, healthy physique using evidence, engineering, and efficiency. I am your host, certified nutrition coach, Philip Pap. And today, I'm doing something a little bit different. Instead of an interview, I'm teaming up with fellow coach, women over 50 expert, all-around great person, Pam Sherman. She was on the podcast before. We'll give you a link to that. But today, we're going to do a collaborative Q&A focused specifically on women over 50. Now, Pam and I are going to tackle those super important questions that all of you have about strength training, nutrition, body recomposition for women who when you're over 50, we cover the Perry to postmenopause and beyond phases of life. And all these questions actually came straight from you, the listener, the women who listen to the show and are struggling with real challenges. concerns about osteoporosis and joint pain to how much protein do I do I eat to what's going on with my metabolism. And neither Pam nor I have actually seen the questions yet. I took a lot of questions from you guys. I smooshed them into AI and came up with a curated list and we're going to make it a surprise Q&A. A little twist to make it more interesting for all of you. So Pam, my friend, thank you and welcome back to the show. >> Thank you. It's so great to be here. We always have the best time talking. Could talk for too long. So, I know we're going to keep it any certain amount of time. >> We'll keep it concise. So, I have like 11 questions. I don't know if we'll get to them all, but we'll just tackle them. How about that? You want to jump right in? Okay. >> So, the first one is about bone mineral density and strength training. Very important topic for this age range. And the question is, how does strength training specifically impact bone density, bone mineral density for women in ping and postmenopause? And then of course correlary to that, what exercises are effective for the areas that a lot of women care about the most like your hips and your spine. So what are your thoughts on that? >> Well, hips and spine scream deadlift to me. Uh truly our muscles protect our bones and I still see a lot of ladies at the gym not lifting enough weight. Anytime your dumbbell has a color, we're going to put those dumbbells down and we are going to lift heavier weights. That's really >> Wait, wait, wait. Mine are black. That's my color dumbbell. >> Pink or yellow, blue. I think a lot of women, and if you are not certain of what to do, hire a trainer for a session or two to get your form down. But you're going to get the most bang for your buck with your basic compound lifts, your deadlifts, your squats, overhead press. You don't have to do bench press, but shoulder press. More load is going to be better for your body. And that's not more load right away. It's working up to more load, but your muscles always are going to protect are protective for your bones. So starting now and never stopping I think is your best bet to help. I have osteo osteoarthritis in my low back and I like I've been strength training and it is a natural cause in our bodies, but I'm going to do everything I can to keep it from increasing. So yeah, more more load, more protein, more calcium rich foods. I even take a supplement, but I know the supplements aren't going to do nearly as much as my strength training does for my body. >> Yeah, I love that you well first mentioned deadlift. It's my favorite lift personally and it's also one that I tell people all the time can solve a lot of back issues for folks if you do it right. But the heavy is a trigger word because I know when I go on shows and they're like what does it mean to lift heavy or how should you lift heavy? It requires some nuance and and maybe you can help us explore this. Here's my perspective. Two things. One is that we know the driver of muscle development specifically not strength but muscle growth and size is mechanical tension which is getting close to failure. And we know that there's a wide range of heaviness, i.e. rep ranges that can get you there. When we're talking osteoporosis specifically, and you mentioned heavy, I really do think we mean in the strength regime of heavier, more like 60% of your max or higher is the threshold I've learned where it truly is lower reps and quite heavy because the bones respond to that pressure on the muscles kind of requiring the the matrix inside those bones to stitch back together more densely when you adapt. You know what I mean? That that's kind of where my mind goes. And then I've heard other good coaches say like, "Yeah, one of the important things is the big compound lifts actually in the like five to eight rep rangeish when osteoporosis is a concern." So, do you agree with that? Is that what you think of as heavy or is there a wider range here? >> No, I definitely do. If you're getting to 10, that's not heavy enough. >> Yeah. >> And if you've never done this before, I want to start with a movement pattern. In fact, I have a couple male clients I just started with. We started with a body bar to get the pattern of the hinge because they weren't hinging. So, you have to get the movement down first. And I love what you said that it's great for your back because I know people who don't know about lifting say, "Oh, deadlifting is terrible for your back." I'm like, "It's not for your posterior train chain. It's great, but you have to have the right pattern for that to work." And then I would say six, eight is even too much. I would say four to six is a great rep range as well. >> Yeah. It's interesting because if you program eight, then it almost mentally gets to the point where people will not push hard enough and they'll kind of like stop at eight. If you program five, you kind of start getting the picture of what heavy means >> because you're like, well, yeah, you know, it's a different now when you get down to like singles and triples, that's a little more on the powerlifting side. That that's a different beast altogether. You don't have to do that, but it's interesting. Okay, let's go to the next one. Let's just pop through these. This is fun. So another muscle training a muscle related one and this is about the timeline for regaining lost muscle mass after age 50 which I think is a great premise on the question that acknowledging we do lose muscle mass like starting in our 30s if we're not doing something about it. So this question is if I'm sedentary now which a lot of listeners have found this show maybe wondering about training training curious what are the expectations because we know we're not about quick fixes we're not about like getting jacked swollen six-pack in six months if you've never trained before that's not what it's about what would you say is like a timeline for at least regaining lost muscle mass let alone building new muscle >> realistically nine months to a year >> yeah okay >> I >> it's not that long >> it's not that Well, time is going to pass anyway. And it's just hard in our quick fix society where we get I can order something on Amazon now and have it be delivered tonight. I mean, your health really is something that is there's never a a quick solution. And where you are right now, say where you are right now is at the top of a mountain. Well, how long did it take you to get to the top of that mountain? 50 years. You can't expect a quick on the other side. Consistency is going to be your best friend. And know that a year from now, you could feel 100% different with consistency. That's it. Yeah. Let me ask you about consistency because first of all I love the quote that time is going to pass anyway. I always say like you can't get in a time machine. So let's buckle up. Let's be stoics about it and say what can we control now? But consistency. I heard someone mention actually it was Alan Lazos who was actually recently on the podcast just last week before this episode came out and on on his podcast was talking about when he works with men and women. He hears different language sometimes that resonates when it comes to consistency that sometimes men respond to that word and respond to discipline more and then women sometimes respond to routine. What are your thoughts being a woman working with women? Are is there language that this is a side tangent but I was just curious about that. Well, I think women probably do because we are mostly in charge of well, when our kids were little, their breakfast, they're packing their lunches, making dinner, getting to soccer, laundry, and that's our routine for many, many, many years where it's different for guys. They don't, you know, they're not as much in the day-to-day as in as far as child raising goes. So, that probably does resonate more with women. And putting it in your routine does not make you selfish. It's self-care. That's it. And you hear people say, you know, put yourself first in the list. It's very hard for women to put themselves first. I just want them to put themselves on the list. Period. >> In there. Put themselves in there. >> Yes. >> With with everything else. Okay. So, building that routine. So, you said 9 months to a year, which I like that timeline because it's like not so long that it feels forever and it's not so short that we're unrealistic about it. My opinion on this, so to give you my thoughts are we're talking about regaining loss muscle mass and training for the first time. you're going to get a lot of, you know, what we call newbie gains, right? In the first three months, let's say, even the first month, you're going to find your actual numbers, like if you start with a movement pattern like Prem was talking about, and you learn to say bodyweight squat, then you grab a goblet maybe, and then you immediately go to a barbell, which you can start pretty early in a barbell. I've heard narratives of like, we don't start with a barbell, we'd ladder up, but but you can go really light with the barbell. It's in my opinion >> and it's a very different like center of gravity and slight different positioning. >> But you start there and then the first month or two your numbers just go up and up and up because if you keep the routine of showing up in the gym two or three times a week and squat every time, it's going to be easy what you did last time. So you're going to have to go up. That neuromuscular adaptation is all between the brain and the nervous system. You're not going to see necessarily visual changes in that first month. Probably not. You know, you may, you may not. I don't know. But when you're talking nine to 12 months, now you've got like, okay, the first three months is strength, then your body has to build more muscle and make your muscles bigger because you just keep pushing it. What are you doing to me now? You're trying to actually use this thing after all these years. And so, it has to get bigger. And that's where you start to see visual changes. The one thing I would caution is like make sure you're tracking this stuff and have maybe somebody else that gives you a independent perspective because people are down on themselves all the time. Like women like I don't see any change. I'm like show me your before and after photos. Wow, look at those back muscles popping like your waist is down. You're looking more vibrant. You got great posture. And that's just the physique side, let alone the mental changes. So what are your I know you have some thoughts here. >> Yeah, women are very hard on themselves and I encourage them to take weekly pictures because it's very hard. that you see yourself every day. It's very hard to see that, but in a picture, you might see your waist coming in. You might see muscles in your back. I mean, it's the little and you know, before women get in a you could be in a gym outfit, you could be in a bathing suit, you could be something that just shows your body, but it's just for you to see and to take measurements because those inches here and there, you won't see in the mirror, but when you measure, be like, "Oh my gosh, I lost an inch off my hips. That's a lot." And to celebrate showing up for yourself, there is no overnight success, but showing up for yourself over and over. I encourage my ladies to keep win journals. Did you drink water? Did you eat enough protein? Did you show up at the gym? Like, those are all wins as opposed to I didn't, you know, x, y, or z. Like, let's be positive with your progress. You're amazing. You're showing up for yourself. That's great. And yes, you will see gains. But I also think you have to like do those things every week to see. You don't have to be on the scale. Maybe once a month, once every other week if you hate the scale, but you have to do the things to show yourself progress >> 100%. And anyone who listens to this show knows I actually have a slightly more extreme take on scale weight of weighing yourself every single day because there's trade-offs or benefits to that in terms of the psychological aspect, but you have to have some context and awareness of like when you see that number, how not to freak out and understand what it means. But that's a different topic. Yeah. No, I love everything you're saying. And I guess the next question is perfect because we're talking about lifting heavy. We're talking about developing routine routine, but we're also talking to women over 50. And the question is about joint issues while training. Some of you already start with joint issues, knee issues, back pain, shoulder issues before you even start. And and you may feel like that's holding you back. Others who are listening, they're like, "Okay, I hear what Pam and Philip are saying about lifting heavy. What about bad knees, frozen shoulder, that back pain?" you know, because you're probably sitting all day at your desk job. How do I prevent getting injured? Because this sounds like a scary thing slinging around all this weight. >> Frozen shoulder. Ladies, have you gone to see your OB and gotten your hormone levels checked? That is a common symptom of menopause and low estrogen. Literally, it's one of the biggest. It really is. When you look up menopause symptoms, frozen shoulder is huge for menopausal women. And for if you've never heard that before and you haven't gotten your hormone levels checked, listen to my friend Karen Martell's podcast. She is amazing about educating you on hormones and menopause, but estrogen can make a huge difference with that. If you have bad knees, oh my gosh, strength training is going to help your knees because you're going to strengthen your quads and your hammies and your glutes, which will make your knees feel better. It's going to do nothing but make your knees feel better. If you have extra weight to lose, losing that weight will make your knees feel better as well. Those are my first initial thoughts. >> Yeah, those are great. And I I want to add to that because that's that's an encouragement to just get going with it and see if your symptoms actually improve. Like doing a squat the right way and now you're loading your knees a little bit but doing it through the range of motion and seeing how that progresses. I guess to add to that would be if if you're doing something that's out and out outright painful that is something's off there with potentially your form or the weight or something like that. But if you start light and you build from there, your body will adapt to it. And that's an important concept. People don't understand. They're like, "Well, I'm gonna lift heavy." It's heavy for you, which might be like 50 lb, might be 20 lb, you know, not 200 lb, but eventually you get there. And then the other piece, I guess, is if you truly have an injury or surgery you're recovering from, of course, take your medical advice, but also there are so many ways to adapt a movement with grips, with width, with range of motion. And I've had to go through this myself, ladies, with with my shoulder because I had rotator cuff surgery. And I finally found like with landmines and close grips and pauses that I can train. And and the guy the goal is how do you train? Not I can't train because I'm injured. It's how do I train not through the injury per se, but how do I train in a safe way? Anyway, any other thoughts add there? Yeah, >> I feel like we need to focus on what we can do versus what we can't do. >> I had a friend that had miniscus surgery last year and I'm like, okay, so why can't we just train your upper body and your core? And she's like, >> oh, >> yeah. Yeah, the all or nothing is like so >> so prevalent. >> Prevalent. >> Yeah, we're almost at a protein question, I noticed. But the next one is one more training question and that question four cuz I I I love this. Yoga. Is yoga, Pilates or bar considered adequate strength training for women over 50 or is dedicated heavy resistance training non-negotiable? Okay, this is this is an easy one for us. Come on, >> stop it ladies. Non-negotiable. >> Yeah, >> I I I have many many women who love love love Pilates and bar. Fine. However, you are not going to get that load on your muscles in Pilates or yoga. Do it because you love it and add two minimum days of strength training in a week. If you could do three, that would be amazing. I encourage women to do what they love because you should get joy, some joy of your exercise. And then some exercises do it because it's great for you for your long-term health and wellness. And it actually drives me crazy that women think that Pilates is enough. Like I I can't even with that, Philip. >> Is it because they just love it so much or does strength training sound too hard and different? What What's the reason? Or another reason? Well, I do think women love group exercise. >> You're with other people. You get those endorphins. Somebody's telling you what to do. Strength training. I don't think so, but many do. It's just boring. And it's hard. It's hard to push yourself and it's just not fun. I mean, I'm and I'm weird. I think it's fun. I have a great playlist. I think it's fun. No problem. >> But many women are not self motivated and don't know what to do. So, they find it a struggle to make that time, that 45 minutes to an hour to get to the gym, to work out. nobody's there cheering them on, telling them what to do. It's more of a solitary thing, which if it's all or nothing, yes, go to bar, but maybe find a girlfriend and go to the gym and do your strength training together if that's what it's going to take. But really, for the rest of your life, I think strength training is a non-negotiable. Yeah, I think what you hit on is trying to find the thing that motivates you and that you like about it and maybe integrate it into your strength training and or add in the training, understand that that's important and that's why you're doing it and then still do one or two of the other things knowing there could be some trade-offs depending on your goals and everything else. But all in all, that's part part of life, right? Is is trade-offs to enjoy and stay consistent. Okay, so now we got our first protein question. Question number five. Now, as this episode comes out, guys, you just heard episode 398 was definitive updated protein episode. I did all the things. Okay, so the straight up what the science says, but what are the minimum daily protein intake goals uh in grams or pound per body weight specifically for women over 50 who are lifting and want to improve body composition? So, what I want to I want to add to that, Pam, I think what she we should answer is what are the differences because they are women over 50? I want to see if if there are and like why rather than general protein requirements cuz they can hear my last episode and I talked it to death. Let's just be specific here. >> Well, our protein needs actually increase as we get older because we are losing muscle. So, I would say at a minimum one gram per pound of ideal body weight. So, if your ideal body weight is 150, if you can get 135 to 150, like it's not a game of perfection, it's a game of, you know, doing what you can. That is so so important. And I find so many women struggle with this. I say it it's not hard. You just got to I actually enjoy my two cups of coffee in the morning with a protein powder in it so I can start my day with 30 grams and I'm ahead of the game there. But we want to build muscle. We want to keep our muscle. And in order to do that, we have to get enough protein in. >> You know, you mentioned the reason for that is the loss of muscle mass. But are there other factors? Um because there is this concept of anabolic resistance that I've researched a lot and I still feel like it's slightly not supported as a real thing and a lot of these things are confounded by the fact that you're losing muscle mass and you're just older because of that or you're because of that. But I have I have seen through the evidence over the years that like women might need a little more than men. Older people need a little bit more than younger independent of some of these factors. But I do like your recommendation of one being kind of the upper limit where you need to be worried about. If you're nowhere close to that, get more. You don't have to go more than that. What are your thoughts on that? Like, I don't know how much of a science you're aware of. >> I I am not aware of a ton of science. I just know that women have the hardest time. So, for if you've never even logged your food before, I would say minimum 25 grams of protein every time you eat. That includes your snacks. So, if you ate four times a day, you're at 100. Baseline, start there and then get it to 30 grams every time you eat and then 35 grams. And what I find is when they're like, I just want a little mid-after afternoon something. like, "Yeah, yeah, have 30 grams with that mid-after afternoon something something." >> Be intentional with your food and I know I'm over the top on this and I'm so passionate about it as I know you are, Philip, but I'm looking at I am almost 60. When I'm 80, I want to feel as good as I do now and how I eat and how I move is going to affect that. And you know, women are a lot of women are afraid to eat more. I'm like, you're never going to gain weight eating protein. You're just not. >> Your body's going to look better when you eat more protein. And sometimes the opposite happens in that you eat more protein, you get fuller, you know, you eat higher quality food and all of a sudden it displaces things. You eat less cal fewer calories. You know, that's what I I see way more often. Yeah, you're not going to overeat on protein if you ate pure sirloin steaks all day, which you know there's carnivore people that do that. Seriously though, like how much could you eat? Like that's just a good thought experiment of how many calories you actually or bowl of yogurt. Like I eat a bowl of yogurt. I'm like, "Okay, I'm done. Like this. I'm pretty full." You know, this is great. But if I eat a bowl of y o yogurt all day, I'm only going to eat what probably my body needs. It's kind of interesting. >> Yeah. Your protein department, like we went out for a steak dinner. My son's birthday was Monday to a steak place. The smallest steak they had is eight ounces. And I'm like, I can't do that. I can barely even eat four. I got the lobster tail instead because I could eat all that lobster tail. But there's a certain amount of fullness that your body's like, I can't do it. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So women say, "Oh, I had two scrambled eggs." I'm like, "You need four or five." I can't eat that much. Like you can >> Yeah. or have a cup of egg whites and one egg and then you know that'll be easier. But really, you are so much more full. I could eat my head size and chips. I could not eat my head size and protein. It just doesn't work like that. >> That's exactly. Every time my wife cooks a big pork chop or chicken breast, I'm like, you know, it's protein and I'm full. Like, I'm just going to be full, you know? So, all I can stomach on the side is some quinoa and broccoli or something, you know? Yeah. No, it's good. Okay, let's continue on the food train here. The next question is about calorie deficits, which we talked to death on this show, but the again, let's get specific. How should a woman over 50 calculate a sustainable calorie deficit? I like that word for weight loss, which here we like to talk about fat loss as well, not just weight loss, given common issues with tracking inaccuracies, hormone related changes throughout the cycle, and fluid retention. I'm just ad libing here. And uh potentially lower BMR, which I assume could mean just women versus men, but also your metabolism tends to decline during Perry postmenopause for other reasons as well. Go sustainable calorie deficit. >> Well, I really like you introduced me to macroofactor and I really like that. And one other thing that I really think is important is eating different calories on the days that you lift versus the days that you don't lift >> where I mean until you introduced me to that and I've done you know obviously as you get older you get more research in like we shouldn't be eating the same amount of calories every single day. When you put more effort into your lifting your body needs more food on the days that you maybe just doing a little bit of cardio you don't need as much. So you have to look at your life and think okay well first of all there's also your online calculators with your daily tde right those calculators >> I would do those that that's a great baseline and it's really so individualized if you are working really hard you are not in a big calorie deficit that day and make sure your protein is spoton so you are not hangry all day long I find women you know when they want to save calories they're trying to cut back like don't eat a lot for breakfast don't eat a lot for lunch and then they they're hungry and then they overeat. Be smart about your food and try to plan it out. When you eat it, like you said, a big bowl of Greek yogurt with some berries. That's a great meal post lift because you are full. Maybe some, you know, oatmeal on the side. You want some carbs in there, too. And don't be afraid of carbs. You talked about that a lot, too, is our bodies need protein, carbs, and healthy fats. All that is going to play in your calorie deficit. And the great thing is you get to decide what you eat. >> Don't look at online food plans. Eat what you like to eat. That makes such a big difference. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, you hit on a couple of really good themes. One is just tracking, which we'll talk to the cows come home. You have to track whatever you need to measure. And the other is what you're eating. And ladies, listen, this is really important point because I'm going to tie this into a concept I've been like playing in my head with recently. Let's say you're not tracking any of this stuff, but you listen to what Pam says and you prioritize protein. I would also argue prioritizing fiber and nutrients and and nutrients only come from nutrient-dense foods, you know, berries and, you know, uh, seeds and nuts and lean meats and dairies and all the fun whole foods we have available, the bounty of foods, lots of colors, lots of variety. If you start there and now you're feeling better and you're more satiated and you're performing better in the gym, only then should you say, "Okay, calorie deficit." Like, too many women get it backward. They're like, "How do I calculate my calorie deficit and jump into that?" No, no, no, no, no. Let's eat really well. Let's perform. Let's set ourselves up for success. And then even if you weren't tracking, and this is going to sound like sacrilege for me, Pam, even if you don't use macroofactor, guess what you have to do? See how you feel and is your body trending up or down? And then change the amounts. It's actually that simple. So, a sustainable calorie deficit should feel like something that's just a tiny bit hungrier than usual, that's a tiny bit less than usual, and your body fat is trending down slowly over time relative to maintaining. And if you were then to track that with a calorie app, you would see it should match something like a few hundred calories below your maintenance, you know, and it's going to change constantly. What do you think? Yeah, >> you can't measure what you don't track. So, I had 99% of my clients go, I hate tracking. I'm like, they said it's hard. You know, it's hard. Having a baby's hard. Tracking your food is not hard. Literally. No, it's not. >> It's not hard. It doesn't take very long. We eat, a lot of us eat the same stuff all the time. It might take an extra five minutes a day. If it's important to you, it's worth doing. >> I love the Tik Tok. I love my animal videos on the Tik Tok. I can also track my food. Like, people make time for the things that they want to do. And if it's important enough, >> if it's important enough for you, you can absolutely do it. And I will say this also, can we please get rid of that stupid 1,200 calorie number that was has been around forever? >> That's for a very small person, like maybe 52 or less. For an adult woman, that's way way too little. And what happens is you might gut it out and get there and then you're starving and you will overeat to compensate. Your body will always try to catch up. So throw that number out the door. That is not for an adult-sized woman for the most part. >> Yeah. No, 100%. And if you're hearing that and feeling like, "No, no, no, that is me." There's probably something on the expenditure side, right? On the metabolism side we want to look at. And it might be the lifestyle factors. It might also be hormones because again, we're talking 40s, 50s, there definitely could be a ther thyroid thing going on. There could be, but I don't want to fearonger because many cases that's not. Could be testosterone, could be all these things. Uh something in your blood work, could be a nutrient deficiency, right? Could be all those things. I would look that's going back to how are you eating, how are you feeling, how are you performing. Tracking is going to accelerate that process because it'll give you more targeted awareness of all those things. And then I was going to address your timing comment. The cycling is also very individual that I think that's what you're getting at is like you don't have to do it in one way. You know, you don't have to have the same calories every day, nor do you have to do up and down every other. Like it could be all on the weekends that you get your extra calories. It could be very fluid and it could go with your cycle as well. Not that there's a benefit in cycle-based eating or training necessarily, but that you feel hungrier and so you should eat more then. Yeah, >> I think all the tracking is good. Tracking your sleep, tracking your steps, >> you know, tracking your workouts, and noticing like if you keep a journal, like noticing the days you're hungrier, they're probably your lower body days if you're lifting because you recruit so much more muscle. So, you're going to be a little hungry on those days, and that's okay. But it really is important to know yourself inside and out. And on the days when you're not as go, "Oh yeah, I didn't lift today. I just walked." And that's okay. That that's fine. You might, you know, bank a couple calories for the next day. But really becoming the expert on you is so so important. >> Yep. We have a challenge coming up uh called the strong finish challenge in physique university. And I'm doing something I've never done before, Pam, but it reminded me of that is a lot of times you talk about a minimum viable habit or product, right? Like here's the minimum, no zero days. Here's the thing I want to do, but here's the minimum. I'm going to take it a step further and say there's a bailout strategy. In other words, even if you can't do the minimum because you're shopping for Christmas presents, you've got all the events, you've got all the parties. Is there something even less than that? To your point of like if you're tracking it, at least you can have a streak of something like I went out for a five minute walk, not a 20-minute walk. It's still a five-minute walk, you know? It reminded me of that. So, yeah. No, good stuff. Okay, so continuing on, kind of related is meta metabolism question. And this is a good one. This is going to hit on something that is I think highly misunderstood and that is the assumption that your metabolism slows down with age. Okay? And I don't want to gaslight anyone, but the research is very clear when they've looked at populations all across the planet from the Hodza tribe to western obese populations that our metabolism is pretty steady from the age of 20 to age of 60 and then it starts to decline most likely because we've lost so much muscle mass and are so sedentary that it just can't help but reflect that. So, when we talk about our 40s, 50s, and maybe 60s, what the heck is going on when it looks like our metabolism is slowing down and what do we do about it? >> I think people are just in general less active. They are at their desks more and they're not moving as much. I think about your 20s, you're in college, you're walking on campus. I was a waitress. I walked a million miles a day as a waitress. Um, I ran marathons. I was really, really busy. And your life slows down a little bit unless you make time for it. If you make sure you walk every day, if you are fitting in, putting yourself on that list and getting your strength training in, going to yoga, fine, go yoga is great for some losing mobility as well, but making your health a priority and fitting it into your week. I don't think our metabolism has to necessarily go down if you are staying active as you age. Now, if you're like, you know what, I just want to sit. I'm getting old. It's I'd rather be doing nothing. Then yes, your metabolism is going to go down and you will see the effects that we see the effects of it all around us. It was very interesting, Philip. I was just in the Paris airport last month. No overweight people. >> Okay. >> They're active. They walk everywhere. They are a culture of walking, walking. Same thing in Greece. I was in Greece. No heavy people really. The only heavy people I saw were Americans. Our American society is set up to be less active as we get older. So I think 60 and age were like I'm just kind of coast. But if you want to feel great, if you do not want your metabolism to go in the tank, lifting, daily walking, eating for your health, I mean, I think we can do things to reverse that statement. >> Yeah, I agree. It's funny you mentioned the Paris and Germany thing. Uh the guys on Mind Pump were talking about going to Disney World and all the people on scooters. However, they mentioned the difference between Florida Disney World and California Disneyland. California had far fewer of those people and there was just like more of a culture in that particular area. It's Anaheim I think is Disneyland >> where obviously there must be more you know there there are stereotypes about the south being having a lot of health issues that are true stereotypes regarding diet and things like that >> but in other words it's in our control as human beings it's not inevitable. I guess the thing I want to challenge both of us on then is what about the hormone piece? I know that's Karen's like bag. She and I talked about the metabolic storm and how oh what if you are doing all these things and still something's there. Is it then inevitably hormones? How big of a piece is that? What are your thoughts there? >> I love hormone replacement therapy and I really encourage women to find out more about it that it's not awful for us. It's actually awesome for our health and it helps our bodies run like they should be running. It's keeping your hormones stable. When we're in menopause, they start to tank and really keep your hormones stable. You're doing everything you can to keep feeling great. So, if you are not on anything, certainly your energy is going to go down without that testosterone. You're not going to be sleeping as well. you're getting hot flashes, which means you are not going to want to work out. You're not going to want to prep food. Like, it's going to affect every part of your life. So, yes, it could be a hormonal storm in your body. And you can also get them replaced and see how great you feel. So, a lot of things are under control. Some women can't take it for certain reasons. If you can, I would suggest it because it just means you're like fine-tuning your health by keeping your hormones balanced. >> Yeah. Get yourself baseline tested. any men who are still listening to this or decided to listen through this, same thing. Like get it tested. We do performance blood work, but there's lots of great practitioners. You know, we talk about Karen and I can hook you up with Pam when it comes to a lot of this stuff as well, connections. But yeah, it's it's more and more important. Hopefully the healthcare industry will slowly shift over toward a better recognition of women's health and hormones because obviously it's not there yet, but I see inklings of it starting to happen. So maybe 30 years from now. I Well, I hope so because I know I I'm have my hormones done through Karen's group and they want you to feel optimal and it's interesting because I get it. It's out of pocket, of course. So, I go to my regular OB and I'm like, "So, can I get my testosterone cream at this level?" I'm like, "Oh, no. That's way too high. >> It's not. It's actually how I feel my best." So, I will continue to pay out of pocket because I want to be optimal. I don't want to just be okay. >> I agree. Yeah. I know some of the practitioners will also call it like physiological levels, which I like that term as well. I like optimal and performance and physiological like all those terms kind of mean the same thing in our our world of it's not the normal population range. It's shifted up to uh feeling better range which then some regular doctors might say is too high or unnecessary. So when you think of physiologic range it's like where were you in your 20s and 30s? If you were there and perfectly safe why couldn't you be there in your 50s and perfectly safe? It's, you know, now men trying to get three up to 3,000 total testosterone for perform, you know, for the gym, that's that's a different thing. There's risks there. So, yeah. No, that's good to understand about this whole metabolism thing. I think it also ties into all the research. Uh Lauren Kenzo's Simple of Mass, I I drop her name all the time because I love her. She's great. She is constantly pushing back on the narrative that the sky is falling for women like for everything. And and it's not really true. It's just that there are lifestyle factors and some other things that are exacerbating it for women in that age range. And it's not to again gaslight you guys. It's to say you've got power here. Like you can go after it and then once you do the things it it removes constraints that were there and it reveals whatever constraints remain, you know, like the hormones. Anyway, >> no, I've heard women say like, "I'm just going to suffer through it." And I'm like, why? >> You don't have to suffer through it. You can feel better. You can actually sleep better, too. that it let's not suffer. Come on, let life is hard enough. Let's feel great during this stage of life. >> Feel great. And so part of feeling great, moving to the next question, is the physical expression of all this. And a lot of women who have gained a lot of weight over the years and then they lose the weight, they lose some fat and they're trying to work on their, you know, how they look and feel. They got loose skin. Let's talk about loose skin. The next question is about women who've lost a lot of weight and they have loose skin. Is this is this purely a cosmetic thing? Can it be helped with like how much muscle you have? Your nutrition can be helped with any of that. Should you get surgery in certain circumstances? Like what are your thoughts around loose skin? >> I think a lot of that's genetic. Whether I And if you've lost 100 pounds, I don't know how much strength training is going to help that. Like I really think a consultation with a plastic surgeon would be great. That's amazing. That's a whole like fifth grader that you lost. >> Now, if it's 20 pounds and you're a little loose, I think you always have to give yourself a year of regular working out to see what your body's going to do. you can't make any snap decisions, but with a lot of loose skin, that's really such a personalized decision. >> Yep. I can't add to that because it's not my area of expertise. I have seen that the degree of it matters and your body does adapt to some extent, but like obviously if you have massive amounts of loose skin, you know, it's your personal choice how you want to deal with that, but just do the things you can do and then see what's left. Kind of continuing our theme today. Okay, recovery uh is the next question, of course, recovery strategies. And the question here is really about recovery being harder when you're older. You know, recovery time is a little bit longer. And so there's a lot of information out there about supplements, mobility work, sleep hygiene, mindfulness, meditation, yoga. The list goes on and on. Walking. What should you prioritize? Like if you had to pick one thing to recover from your training that's going to assume you're strength training and not overtraining. Actually, that's maybe a part of the answer, right, Pam? is don't overtrain. What are your thoughts on recovery? It's a big topic. >> I think you absolutely have to have rest days and rest days can include walking. I think we should walk every day. I know me personally on days I do legs, my legs always feel better if I'm walking afterwards, but days of no strength training. You need rest. Stretching. I'm a big proponent of stretching. I always have been. I think stretching is great. I'm going to drop the name. Um Travis Elliot on YouTube. He has a Yin playlist. It hurts so good because he's holding the stretches for like three to five minutes. Stretching great. And it's like a meditation and stretching. So, it's two for one. If you like yoga, great. But I really think you have to know your body. I was just having this conversation. I just told you this with a gal who's wants to train for a marathon. I told her, you can't work out every day. You have to actually, she's 62. I said, you have to let your body have rest days. You're not going to perform unless you give your body the rest it needs. And yes, sleep hygiene crazy important. I mean, sleep is our number one thing for recovery, for everything. So, I'd say good sleep, total rest days, daily walking, stretching, really important, and not beating yourself up for doing less. We need to do less so we can do more in the gym. >> Yeah. I think maybe the psychological piece of the doing less is maybe you replace that thing with the thing you're doing for yourself and count it as that. In other words, like you can call it active recovery. I don't like that phrase so much, but like if you like to work out every day, well on your rest day, your workout is your walk. You know what I mean? Like like put that as part of your routine. So I was thinking I want the listener to think about when they've gone on vacation to a beach. You know, they're stressed out of their mind from their work, from their lifestyle, and they go to a beach, the weather's beautiful, they get to relax, they're not thinking about training, they're not tracking even, they're not maybe not thinking about food, and they're just enjoying whatever food, maybe alcohol, I don't care. you know, you're just relaxed and enjoying yourself and like from a parasympathetic nervous system state, you're maximizing it to the fullest. However you get there, maybe not alcohol, but anyway. Um, then you get back and of course you reached out to me or Pam ahead of time and you're like, how do I deal with my not working out for a week and we're like, don't stress it. It's just a week. And then when you get back, you find that all you're stronger than you were and you find that like lifting feels great and your joints feel better. What does that tell you? Like that tells you that we need this time. And sometimes it happens accidentally. Like for me, if my schedule gets so hectic, I just can't get that training day in. I just skip a training day. I don't feel guilty about it anymore because sometimes I come back and now I've skipped two weeks on that session, like that Wednesday session I haven't done in two weeks. All of a sudden, my lifts all go up again. I'm like, this is crazy how that works, right? So, we need it. >> But your body needs rest. >> Sleep and sleep is a big part of that, too. Oh, don't get started on sleep, right? >> And can we stop shuing all over ourselves? Sometimes you shouldn't. And look what happens. You you are more rested. So that next session your body's like let's go. >> Yeah. Yeah. For sure. So I mean I guess the long and the short of it is what Pam said is first are you doing too much and not giving you yourself space for rest and then pick a few things that are the most important lowhanging fruit for you. And that could be sleep that could be the stretching something else. >> Well and look at your whole week. I mean I know I'm a former overex exerciser. I'm just going to say that I used to run marathons. I used to probably run seven days a week. I just way too much. No strength training. All I did all the things wrong. And now when I help I have some runners that I'm training like do we need to do a junk mile? Do we need to do a three- mile run? I don't think you do. I think you could do some upper body strength and do some stretching and help. Like what is your long-term goal for yourself? And you want to feel good doing this whatever you're doing next year, 5 years, 10 years. So doing less is going to really benefit you later on. I mean, if you felt better two weeks later, that's still on your body. Like, rest is best. Really? >> Exactly. And you just mentioned aligning with your goals. We have two questions left and I'm going to flip them around because the last question was going to be about goals. Let's talk about that. >> And the question is just how can a woman set meaningful long-term fitness goals beyond the superficial like appearance or beyond weight loss that center on capability, aging gracefully. you know, the things that, you know, as we get older, we start to value these things more and we want to kind of latch on to those and get motivated and push on those. What do you think? >> Well, I think it's good to pick like I just my girlfriend uh she's 59. She goes, "I want to do a pull-up before I'm 60." >> That's a good goal. And I told her exactly how to do it because it's not easy, but there is a way to get there. Do you have a like a squat goal you have? Do you want to be able to do a full body push-up? That's very hard for women. Like I would pick out physical things that are a challenge to you. And then once you get there, set another goal. But yes, we all want to look at our clothes and all the things, but it's good to have a physical challenge to work on. And then when you get there, you're like, "Oh my gosh, I did it." Like it feels really good. That's a really good one, Pam, because I know I can blather on about like process related goals and habits and blah blah blah. But the idea of like still making it about some outcome to help drive that process, but an outcome itself that makes it more meaningful is beautiful. Like that's goal, right? So physical, it could be competition, it could be if it's food rel I don't know what would be a good like food related. Do you even need a food related goal? Because if you're trying to get a training goal, it kind of forces in the right nutrition. But what would be a good food goal? >> It depends what you struggle. If you struggle with protein, getting 125 plus grams of protein a day for the next year. That would be hard to do for a lot of women. But you guess what you have to track to be able to do that. Hi, my name is Lisa and I'd like to give a big shout out to my nutrition coach, Philip P. With his coaching, I have lost 17 pounds. He helped me identify the reason that I wanted to lose weight and it's very simple, longevity. I want to be healthy, active, and independent until the day I die. He introduced me to this wonderful little app called Macroactor. I got that part of my nutrition figured out. Along with that is the movement part of nutrition. There's a plan to it and he really helped me with that. The other thing he helped me with was knowing that I need to get a lot of steps in. So, the more steps you have, the higher your expenditure is and the easier it is to lose weight. When it's presented to you like he presents it, it makes even more sense. And the other thing that he had was a hunker guide and that really helped me. So, thank you, Philip. >> Yeah. So, that goes to a conversation I had with again Alan Lazos. talked about meta-kills, how there's like meta-kills, skills, and micro skills. And like to me, the grams per protein a day is like a micro skill. And the skill is just consistently getting protein. And the meta skill is consistency. You know how it like abstracts up. So trying to get your first pull-up, you then have to map it back and reverse engineer and say like, okay, what is the escalation process to get the pull-up? What do I have to do three days a week or one day a week or whatever to get there? You know, you have to break it all the way down. So, with a protein goal, let's brainstorm it real quick. Pam, is that enough to say like, I know I need X per day, or is there something more meaningful like medium to long term that would drive that? >> Well, I think for women, we're so used to not thinking about ourselves. We have to think about ourselves and look at our day. What's realistic? You know what? Getting 30 grams of my coffee, yummy and delicious. Easy, easy way to start the day. Greek yogurt, one meal a day. super like and it's like two servings because I want to get over that 30 grams. thinking about the meals that you like and of course if you have dinner with your family that's a different story but the first you know your coffee breakfast lunch you can control that and thinking what do I like and have it's okay to have boring meals on rinse and repeat that you like that keep you satisfied but it makes your life easier makes grocery shopping easier and then dinners you know they can be more than three or four because they're probably for your family but really reverse engineering your whole week to go okay what are my breakfastes this week what am I going to pack for lunch what are my non-negotiables what am I not going to app. If you're a teacher, there's a bunch of holiday treats in the room. You're not going to go there or you're just going to have gum or mint in to avoid that. Like literally think about every part of your week and how you're going to hit those goals. It's a lot of saying no and it's a lot of thinking what am I going to do? How am I going to create a successful day for myself every day? >> We just had Halloween and uh went trick-or-treating and because you mentioned the candy and it's like those are super calorie dense and I know I'm getting off track but like even I enjoy the occasional Kit Kat or Reese's or whatever. I think I told you this on on IG and I don't know if you were horrified or not but that's me. That's like my idea of flexibility, right? But I know they're so calorie dense and I'm like even just one little mini Kit Kat's like, you know, 120 calories. And so I'm like, okay, I'm just going to have one and I'm going to build it in. I'm going to pre-log it and now work back from that. It's like, okay, that's in there. Now, let me get my protein. Let me get this that. And you mentioned the one or two meals a day that you can start with. I love that idea, especially breakfast maybe at the top of the list and maybe lunch is secondary only because so few people get enough protein at breakfast like lunch they might you maybe they have a lot of turkey on their sandwich they have leftover chicken or something from dinner maybe but breakfast I almost never see people have enough protein because you have it's like breakfast foods we get from growing up in America where like cereal bagels muffins maybe oatmeal that's like starting to get protein but we don't often don't have eggs like I grew thinking eggs and bacon are like a fun weekend type thing at a diner or like on the weekend and I'm not gonna have eggs on a Monday, you know? So anyway, it's a great idea. So ladies, think about that one meal a day that you just don't get protein and how are you going to do it? How you going to do it? It's you make it happen. >> Well, and you can use convenience foods like Fair Life as a great shake. I just saw Chabbani came out with one for people who are not way based or gain has one. They're all at Costco. I've seen those. If you had that with your breakfast, you're going to get to 30 grams. So I have to make everything yourself. It >> Yeah. Yeah. There's competition now among the processed food makers for higher protein foods, which I don't think is the worst thing in the world. It's not bad. Like oos brand Greek yogurt. I forget what it's sweetened with. It might have artificial sweeteners, you know, but I recommend it to a lot of people if you're okay with the ingredients, you know. I think they they use either artificial sweetener or or stevia. It might actually be stevia. And and it's fat free, but because it has some vanilla flavor in there with the stevia, you know, it tastes great and it's a ton of protein. So look for those options. >> I am going to say I love powdered peanut butter in Greek yogurt. >> There you go. Yeah, like PB2 or something. >> Oh, with a little bit of brown sugar swerve. >> It's like a peanut butter cloud. >> Love it. Love it. And it's easy. It's easy to make. And then ninja creamy is a whole other thing. I should do a whole episode just about that. My actually kids got me for was it my birthday? Yeah, it was my birthday just a few weeks ago. They got me a Ninja Creamy high protein recipe book. I was like, "This is great. You guys are awesome. So all right. So the last question we have today is and this is a good one to end on for a beginner woman over 50 who is maybe intimidated intimidated by the gym. You know not used to going maybe anxiety over the gym maybe doesn't have a lot at home but wants to build a home gym. Let's focus on that. What's the most essential home? So this question was exercises with minimal equipment. I want to challenge the question and say like let's address the equipment too because you may need to invest in some more equipment. What are your thoughts just on this very common problem? >> Well, I would say you can do a ton with your body weight. There are so many YouTube videos out there and I have a bunch myself on my YouTube channel. Bodyweight X. Start with body weight. Um, get a mat. You want to stretch on the mat. Dumbbells are great, but I feel like women would not buy heavy enough dumbbells to >> That's a fact. That's truth right there. >> Nothing under 10 pounds. But and Facebook Marketplace is a great place to buy used workout equipment. So, I would definitely go on there. It depends how much space you have and where you live. I live in California. I can walk outside all year long. So, I would not buy a treadmill. If you are in the East Coast, you're, you know, winter's coming, treadmill might be a great option. Uh, what are you looking for? Cardio. I mean, I'm hoping you're going to do strength, but I would say a mat and some good like a kettle bell. Kettle bells would be great to start, but body weight for a month, see how you feel and then work from there. But get your body moving first and then you might be like, "All right, this is boring. Go to a gym." I would highly recommend go to a gym because most people I used to actually I worked at Linda Evans fitness centers in the 90s. She was a big deal back. I'm a lot older than you, Philip, but she was a big TV star. And when we got trained, 95% of people who have equipment at home do not use it. They use it for clothes hangers. They use it for everything else besides. So I would say if you live within eight minutes of a gym, join a gym. But if you want to start at home, find home workouts that are for body weight and then get a friend and go to classes and then get a trainer and be in the gym. >> Yeah, there's some theme common themes there I see all the time with clients as well. So one one theme as you mentioned is don't use the excuse of not having equipment to not start get started and maybe getting started at home is the lowest friction thing for a lot of people but then within a few weeks you're going to find you're too strong for some of these exercises and then it like gives you the bug of okay what's my solution you got to kind of keep pushing that and get ahead of that like where's the nearest gym what do they have go visit it so I have clients who like across the spectrum some will say you know they've got a sweet home gym setup and I'm like good to go or hey my husband has barbells. I'm like, "Good. Let's start using that." And they have a coach to kind of push them to do it. And like you said, 95% of people don't use their home gym equipment. So, you gota evaluate what's keeping you accountable. >> And then the I'll say like, is there a commercial gym? And sometimes people are just in rural areas or they're ranchers or something and it's like, you know, 40 minutes away. I don't even want to spend 10 minutes going to gym. Me personally, but that's because I will work out at home. So, it's a whole spectrum of like where are you starting from? Love all that advice, Pam. I also think getting gym equipment on Facebook, getting gym equipment from like all these sad CrossFit gyms that are closing. They have to get rid of their equipment. >> There's not many left now, but they were closing a lot over the past few years. And yeah, just uh no excuses. There's just get strong. Get strong and have fun with it. >> Well, and really, we talked about group exercise. It's a fine place to start. I find women don't push themselves enough, but that's a great place to start. And then you're like, "Okay, I can do more." Then grab a friend and get a trainer, do a double training session and start from there. But you always want to be progressing. I have a girlfriend who takes classes and she goes, "Some of these ladies have not changed their weights in class for six months. You are not going to see results by doing the same thing over and over." That's the definition of insanity, right? So you always want to be challenging yourself. >> That's exactly it. That's progressive overload right there. So all right, that's all the questions that I have, but I always like to ask one final one. Is is there one do you think women over 50 are asking a lot that we didn't really touch on? >> Yes. And I'm sorry to break your hearts, ladies. Peanut butter is not protein. >> Peanut butter. >> Very specific. >> Nuts are not protein. Do not grab a handful of nuts and think you're doing yourself a favor. I have said that over and over and over probably for the last 20 years on you could be eating 600 calories of nuts and if you're trying to lose weight that could be more not half your day's calories but a lot of your day's calories in a handful and I just had a lady this week who just said you know well I love my peanut butter and jelly I said okay but you are not eating for your goals that's eating for comfort and sometimes you have to break up with a toddler inside of you and say okay you're not getting any protein and you're not having only two tablespoons you're probably having four or five cuz Nobody can just have two. >> It's too delicious. >> So if you are serious about your goals, I you have to eat for your goals. And it that doesn't mean eating bad stuff. What do you like? Do you like chicken? Do you like fish? Do you like steak? Do you like pork? Do you like turkey? Eat what you like protein-wise and get enough fiber. 25 grams a day, I would say, minimum. And then really prioritize that protein and fiber at every meal. But so many women think avocado toast, almond butter toast, peanut butter and jelly, that's a good meal. I'm like, that's not a good meal. And that's so much fat. And in my experience, I'm not a doctor, no or nutritionist, women don't do well on a ton of fat. They don't get enough protein. Eat more protein. And then let's see how you feel. Sorry. Sorry. >> No, it's true. It's true. A lot of that is a vestage of like the paleo and keto world because they pushed a lot of those recipes that end up being super super highfat. I was in that world for a while myself. Listen, I'm a big, not big, I wish I was big. I'm a guy, so I'm bigger than most women. And I eat about 2,600 calories for maintenance right now. And I have 20 grams of peanut butter a day in my oatmeal. That's all the peanut butter I have. And I intentionally include it in there because I like the taste of what it does to my oatmeal. And that's a little over a tablespoon. And I but I have to measure that out because if you take a big spoonful and dump it in, you'll find you're already past that amount. Peanut butter is so calorie dense. >> And I include that in my oatmeal. My oatmeal is like 325 calories and like half of that is the peanut butter. Like that's it is super dense. And when you mentioned nuts too nowadays my thought on nuts is like a nutrient source like to supplement in in little amounts. So like if you need some selenium or other nutrients that are found in certain nuts. I think you think of it as like almost like a supplement you're adding in in small sprinkled amounts because you're right. If you just grab a handful that's like 500 calories right there of whatever nut it is even though they're delicious. So, >> and so many people think they're healthy. So, they're fine. And yes, they are healthy, but not in that quantity. >> Yeah. Because in nature, you'd have to like you'd have to grab them one by one. You'd have to break them open. You have to peel. Yeah. You have to take them out of the shell and all that. Yeah. Exactly. All right. That was fun. Uh Pam, I think we covered a lot of great questions. Definitely watch your peanut butter, eat for your goals, track, lift weights, do all the fun things. Hopefully, we covered it from some fun angles today. And Pam, I'll just leave with where can people reach out to you so they can continue your conversation here. >> I'm on Instagram and Tik Tok at lowercase Pam_Sherman11. I'm active on those so you can reach out. I'm, you know, message me. Be happy to talk to you. I think it's never too late to reach your goals. I would love to help you. I've been there. I've gained weight. I've lost weight. I've helped women for 28 years on their health journey. And there's no quick fixes, but consistency will definitely help you get to your goals. And I'm sorry, peanut butter is not awesome. >> So if you need help with peanut butter and you're picking up what Pam is putting down today, please definitely reach out to her. I love to the community of coaches we have, you know, throughout the industry and on this show and like it's an abundance mentality here because we can all help the right people if they need it. So reach out to Pam. Pam, thanks so much for doing this. It was kind of last minute, guys. Like I invited Pam like last week. We said we need to get together for a fun Q&A. Let's do it. She said yes. So thank you so much. I appreciate you and thank you for coming on what's >> always a great time. Thanks, Philip.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Viivaanaanaa [11 likes]: I set my goal that I wanted to a one good pull up before I 60!
I did it in October 22, 2025 and I was so pump!
  2. @abigailelizabeth7729 [3 likes]: Adjustable weights are wonderful!!! Goes up to 52 pounds-so it gives you so many options and doesn't take up a lot of room.
  3. @AryaStarkofWinterfell8 [3 likes]: Good info except about the nuts. For starters, a handful of nuts is NOT 500 calories. It literally says on the package how many calories a serving size is. For example, 24 almonds (a handful for me) is only 160 calories and 26 pistachios is about 160 as well. I know this because I count calories and macros. They are great when I’m trying to get my count in daily fats and protein. I eat a serving of both daily and together they are 12 grams of protein and yes, they are mostly fat but unless you’ve already overeaten your fat for the day, they’re great. I just count out a serving and put them in a container to eat out of so I know exactly how many calories and protein and fats I am getting. It’s not difficult to do. It takes about 1 minute of my time. My problem is not eating too many calories, it has been how to make sure I get enough. Many times I’m low on my caloric intake for the day because I’m full and satisfied from the nutrient rich diet I’m eating. So I have to find something that plugs in those deficits but don’t have a lot of volume and have enough of the nutrients. . I never had that when I was eating a carb heavy and protein- light diet. My macros are more balanced now because I track everything every. single. day. It doesn’t take that much time to do at all if you jot down your foods after every meal. I use ChatGPT that calculates it all for me , but they are also apps that you can just click on the foods each meal since usually people who do this probably eat the same foods. So I say all this to say, don’t dump on nuts- just make sure you’re eating the right balance and counting how many you’re eating.
  4. @amberashley7559 [2 likes]: I agreed with her until she said Pilates is not enough. I've been working out for decades. Lifting heavy and played sports, all the things. I took a Pilates class with that reformers machine and it was challenging as heck. 
Please don't sleep on Pilates . Pilates can get you in great great shape. I would encourage people to find a challenging Pilates with the reformer. It's great for strength training. You can add this to your regimen.
  5. @m.martins9871 [1 likes]: So she said 1200 cals is for someone that is 5 ft 2” or smaller and that is me. It is brutal and unsustainable even for someone small like me. So what do us petite woman do?
  6. @getfiteatmeat [1 likes]: Great info? Just wish some of these videos can provide muscle mass goal numbers!! How do we know what  is optimal muscle mass??❤
  7. @TattyKnots [1 likes]: Every single day without fail I have the same breakfast which contains 37g of protein. Its cooked jumbo oats in milk, whey protein isolate, and mixed berries.
  8. @TamaraManthey-z8q [1 likes]: As a 53 yr old my goals have been to do a pushup, pull-up, etc. I have been thinking about the presidential fitness tests from school..
  9. @merrieleiderman [1 likes]: I am a fully grown female at 5'4", and my maintenance calorie intake with my lifestyle is about 1650, found  through years of strict tracking. Unfortunately, this does mean that a 1200 to 1300 calorie intake is what it takes to burn body fat at a reasonable rate.
  10. @VicZoNo [1 likes]: We all can’t afford a gym membership and if we can f you think we can go and start lifting. There’s a lot t learn and get use to. 
It can be very good intimidating
  11. @jenniferjones3027 [1 likes]: HRT changed a few weeks ago with the removal of the black box warning, and everyone is talking about it and that finally, middle aged woman are not being told to tough it out/get mental health help.  I just about cried when i saw the news conference and announcement
  12. @dbrinkmeyer [1 likes]: One more thing women who are postmenopausal have different issues than women who are pre-menopausal they’re not the same thing and stop grouping us together.  I had issues before I went through menopause sure but they’re not the same thing at all.
  13. @seus2731: I am 60 years old, 5'2" / 120 lbs 

I walk 40 mnts every morning with my dogs, 
I do Zumba 3X a week, 
strength training 2-3X a week, and I have a nice social circle. 

All my girlfriends go to the gym to do Zumba and weight machines, we go out dancing 1X wk 

I had a complete hysterectomy at age 33.
I never received hormone therapy. 

I do intermittent fasting 16/8
I eat a decent amount of proteins, with the help of whey protein powder, but try to keep my FIBER intake high. 

I eat 1 service of kimchi or kefir every day, I do eat carbs, in beans, legumes, ezekiel bread, and berries, I eat mostly fatty fishes, wild caught shipped from Alaska, and sometimes canned sardines, rarely eat meat 

I've never had hotflashes, I don't have a large belly or viceral fat,  my nails are healthy and hard, my hair is naturally black, no white hair, is long and healthy 

The only supplements I take are
Vitamin C
500mg of Urolithin A
A mild probiotics/prebiotics supplement
Magnesium L-threonate in the morning, and Magnesium Glycinate in the evening 

I stopped taking 3grm creatine after 12 months because I didn't see any difference in energy, recovery nor muscle grow... it only made me look so bloated all the time, and made me gain weight but not in muscle mass  but in my hips and butt 

I think what you eat, and when you eat, is the most important thing. 

And, yes, French women are skinny, BUT they have horrible skin. Their faces look much older than than their biological age, unlike Japnese or S. Korean mature women.
  14. @scarlettwinters5642: Was there somewhere online she was talking about to get testosterone?
  15. @michellewilson1221: walking days. on the treadmill, is it ok to stay in zone 2 to burn fat or are you talking about a stroll type walking an not raising heart rate?
  16. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC: And our ancestors ate nose to tail
  17. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC: Oof, Sally Fallon Morell says differently... Don't we need fat for hormone production? I definitely don't agree with eating low fat...
  18. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC: But you guys know about rabbit starvation right? And women need fat especially
  19. @dbrinkmeyer: Don’t push HRT tell if it’s values and then move on if I choose not to do HRT then that’s my choice
  20. @Niafifia: Love my Tonal!! I don’t use the classes I use the modes and the AI intelligence tracking motivates me.. Smart gyms are amazing at least Tonal is.I know what I’m doing and I love tonal and my wheeled weight sled. My lifting weight goes up all of the time on Tonal. It’s unlike any home gym equipment. I can’t go to a gym because of being self employed working 7 days a week. Tonal, nordstick pro bench and my sled I am set! 59 years old and making gains all of the time 😊

- How Much Muscle Do Women Over 50 Typically Lose Each Year?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Bringing you info at the speed of now. What's today's instant insight? >> Women over 50 lose about 1 to 2% of muscle mass each year. This condition called sarcopenia affects strength and mobility. But with regular strength training and a proteinrich diet, you can slow or even reverse muscle loss. Staying active is crucial for maintaining strength and overall health as you age. Your daily dose of discovery ends here, but the journey of learning never stops. Subscribe and join us again for more answers tomorrow.

- Fasting, Muscle Loss and Protein Needs - the facts  | Jason Fung: Kind: captions Language: en does fasting burn your muscle no absolutely [Music] not remember that what you eat and how much muscle you build are two completely separate things and they barely interact at all when you eat you're taking food energy or calories and your body is going to burn those calories and it's going to store the rest and it can store it in two ways either as glucose which is a form of sugar and as fat and when you're not eating or fasting then your body will take those stored calories back out from Storage so that you can use and it's going to take it in the form that it was stored that is either from the sugar or the fat it doesn't take it from the protein because the protein is functional tissue that has nothing to do with muscle growth how do you grow muscle well exercise if I could just eat and grow muscle we'd all be like Superman proteins are made up of smaller building blocks called amino acids and it will use a little bit of the amino acids to replace what's needed but then the rest is going to get stored as either glucose or it can also be turned into fat so that's it don't confuse the two when you're eating that's going to store calories as sugar or fat are going to take it out when you're exercising you're going to build muscle when your body breaks down the protein it will recycle most of those amino acids those building blocks now this is not to say that eating a higher protein diet is not good for weight loss some people find it's very very useful because of the high satiety factor of protein so I'm not saying that you shouldn't eat it but during fasting you really don't need a lot of it the estimated uh turnover of proteins and amino acids in a day is 210 because our body is constantly breaking down cells and renewing them however when they break down these amino acids most of that can be taken back so there is a small amount mostly in the fingernails the hair and intestinal lining but that's only about 6 to8 gram per day that's about the weight of two of those small packets of sugar very very little uh protein is actually lost in a day to make up those amino acids you might need about 30 or 40 uh grams of dietary protein um but the average American is eating somewhere closer to 80 to 100 gram so most of us are getting three times the amount of protein that is actually necessary so what happens to that extra protein well 19 out of the 20 amino acids have been shown to that can be converted into sugar so when they did the studies using isotope Dil dilution what they did is they took healthy men they gave them their average diet and then looked to see how much of this protein became deaminated which is the taking off the nitrogen because that's where it gets turned into glucose and it turns out that about 68% of the ingested protein turns into glucose doesn't go into the blood a lot of it is stored in the cells and a more recent study such as this one showed that 79% of the ingested protein were actually turned into glucose so there's lots of these longevity experts who are saying that you got to eat more protein more protein more protein but your body doesn't need that much protein and it can't actually handle that much protein and how are you going to grow muscle by eating anyway if you want to grow muscle you need to exercise but people are so desperate to believe that that eating protein can build muscle that they're suckered into buying all kinds of things like protein powders and so on the recommended daily allowance of protein which is the uh government's way of saying this is how much you protein you should eat per day is 0.8 grams per kilogram per day where most Americans are eating 1.2 to 1.5 and the longevity experts are saying you should eat two or more why do people say that fasting causes loss of muscle first of all muscle is approximately 76% Water by weight therefore any changes in the water including the intracellular glycogen are going to affect how much is measured as muscle when you measure body fat percentage there's two standard ways to do it one is called the Bia or bioelectrical impedance analysis and that uses a u electrical pulse and it sends it around the body and these are like the scales or where you hold it and it sends a small pulse of electricity and it and there's a difference in the body's resistance to that electrical pulse because it passes more easily through water and lean tissue compared to Fat the problem here is that water and lean tissue look the same so if you're doing something where you're going to lose body water such as fasting well it looks like you're losing lean tissue because because the way that it's calculated assumes a constant water uh percentage the other way they do it is a dexa scan which is dual energy x-ray absorb bimmetry and this is a little bit more accurate because it measures five types of tissue water protein bone mineral and car uh s Bone mineral carbohydrate and fat and the body fat is calculated by taking your body mass and subtracting the water protein bone and carbohydr hydrate so in other words if you're losing water you could just as well be losing lean mass because you assume that bone and carbohydrate are the same so again it's because of the way it's calculated you're assuming that water is steady where actually you're losing water you're confusing that water loss with lean tissue loss and this is what we see clinically too when people do these dexus scans or so on and they start fasting they're they're they're they're shocked and horrified to see that oh their lean mass has gone down by 5 pounds they'll say oh I lost 5 pounds of muscle it's like how can you lose five pounds of muscle in one day and then when they start to eat again it's like oh my muscle went back up it's like duh you never lost muscle you lost water it's the way that it's measured either through Bia or dexa what you need to do of course is measure muscular strength and really this is the best study that did this and what they did was a 10day fast okay so not short but not a water only fast they had about 200 to 250 calories per day and done in the Binger wihi clinic in Germany which is a well-known fasting clinic and what happened during these 10 days of fasting well you can see that the body weight came down as did the weight circumference so that's expected so that's good and then when they refed some of the weight came back up but not all of it and at 3 months follow up you see a lot of the weight uh went back on which shows you as expected that if you don't keep it up then your weight is going to go back up so no surprises there but what happened to strength not a measurement of uh muscle how much muscle you have but actual strength well they did three tests this is the maximal grip strength and they did a Baseline and then they did uh 5 days f 10 days they tested that refeeding and followup and you can see there's absolutely no difference no difference at all in the muscular strength over 10 days of fasting and most people are not doing 10 days so it's really hard to imagine that you're losing muscle if your grip strength stays exactly the same and here's where it gets even more interesting because they tested leg strength so they um when they compare the Baseline to a fasted leg strength went up not just up a little bit it went up a lot it's up like 30% and if you look at the leg muscle power as measured how much power you can generate with your legs it's gone up significantly higher with the fasting now I don't think you're building muscle that quickly I think it's because of the hormonal changes that is you're going to increase your sympathetic tone which is going to make your muscles work uh better uh because you're stimulating that and I think that's what causes a Str strength but certainly we're not looking at a catastrophic muscle loss like all these internet gurus are saying then you can measure the time to climb 40 steps and again this measures how much strength you have because it takes muscle to climb and once again you see that there's no difference over 10 days of fasting but as you start to refeed in fact your time gets better so you're actually building muscle so on refeeding day three you're actually doing it better than you ever had and at followup that could be because you're a bit lighter as well so there's a bit of of uh confounding there but in either case it certainly does not suggest that you're losing uh muscle mass the other interesting thing about this study is that they looked at the hunger during this 10day fast and what they and what they asked them was how hungry are you and uh how much do you think you can eat and during the 10-day fast in fact over the first 5 days anyway you saw a very significant drop in hunger which is different than what most people think most people think they're going to be overwhelmed with Hunger but in fact the hunger actually steadily drops and then goes back to Baseline once you started and I'll also mention one very important uh type of uh muscle heart muscle and there's a recent study just published in 2024 which which is the interfast Mi study which looked at people after a heart attack a significant heart attack and they had a group that did some fasting in a group that did not and what they found was that the people who had actually fasted had much better Improvement in their heart function that heart muscle wasn't being eaten Away by the fasting in fact the hormonal changes actually caused an improvement a significantly better Improvement after heart attack than the people who didn't fast I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @chris011ily [2 likes]: We must Protect Jason Fung at all cost!!!!!! lol
  2. @jeetufromdhurandhar [1 likes]: 0.8 g/kg per day? That means someone like me who weighs 95kgs needs 75 grams of protein each day?!
If I do OMAD that is practically impossible.
  3. @loreseeker6604: The idea that fasting burns muscle never made sense to me. Our anscestors would not have regular meals amd would go l9ng periods without food because of the reality of anciet life. Muscle is required for survival uf our bodies started destroying our muscle unless we ate constantly it would make it very hard to survive. Its insane to say your body would be stupid emough to destroy your muscle mass before touching any other energy sources.....just use your brain it doesnt make sense. 

Sane with the "humans never ate carbs, carbs of any amount or type is poison etc" my brothers in Christ.....people have been eating bread rice and other such carbs since the dawn of human civilization what are you smoking 😂?
  4. @getlostkaike: This guy is so stupid 😂 he thinks by just exercising you grow muscle, false.  You need to exercise, eat plenty of protein (and enough calories) and get plenty of rest.  It all makes sense tho.  This dummy has no muscle on him to show.  Is his only audience older fat women?
  5. @jdjmdj-e6r: I'm still considering whether I need to eat enough protein. I'm doing fasting, OMAD, or 48-hour fasts. My current weight is 100 kg. According to 0.8 × body weight, I need to get 80g of protein. Oh my god, I simply can't eat that much with OMAD. Many times I forced myself to stuff it down and felt terrible, and my weight didn't drop. After watching Dr. Jason Fung, I realized how foolish I was before!
  6. @rukiddingme7: Why are we encourage to eat more protein when we are on GLP1 like ozempic? Also, when we do age, we are less to sustain our muscle mass, right?
  7. @rukiddingme7: Does our muscle turnover like our skin? Protein degradation, would the amino acids won't rebuild those protein due to loss of ATP during fasting?
  8. @rukiddingme7: Ozempic, the synthetic glp-1 causes to lose some muscle. Why wouldn't our own glp1 won't cause that during fasting at a certain point when you ran low on visceral fast to burn?
  9. @DarkCecil82: 2:53 - 18 out of 20. Leucine and Lysine are purely ketogenic. You can supplement these two (might as well just use Leucine) and stay in ketosis, and reap the muscle-sparing benefits of Leucine.
  10. @2krazybeagles: So using GLP doesn’t cause muscle loss?
  11. @ashleyw7718: There are so many Meta analysis on the relationship between protein and muscle growth. Two things can be true at the same time, you can intermittent fast and still gain muscle, and you can eat protein to gain muscle. It doesn’t have to just be exercise or eat. They are directly related.
  12. @NudisVerbis: I like it, I like it a lot.
  13. @Lichtenbergfig: Bro is really dancing around the question.
  14. @aran08504: I can tell Dr. Fung is honestly debunking all of these myths touted across the internet. Folks willl have you buying protein shakes, collagen, and nonstop eating.
  15. @Aconcernedfan-w2c: Can I do 16:8 everyday?
  16. @AnnnnnaQ: On a glp1 they say you need 150 grams of protein per day..
  17. @flatheadfletch: I owe DR Fung my joy ! I started on his guidance 6 years ago ! I was 315 lbs and just divorced after 32 years of marriage. I worked 12 hr shifts sitting for 20 years, drove an hour each way. Watched his video on fasting. I fasted 36 hours, was all I could do. I ate one can of black refried beans once a day for just over a month but I also started paddling a kayak 3 times a week and rode my bicycle that I just bought to help. I was loosing weight so fast that after the first 1.5 months I upped my calories up to a thousand a day. One can of green beans and one can of refried beans for another month then I also started snacking on sliced roast beef if I felt the urge. In just under 4 months I lost 105lbs, while being perfectly healthy. I’ve been on Synthroid for over 40 years !  I thought I was doomed to being fat. I eat once a day and have stayed between 205 and 215 for 6 years. The key is slow burning protein and firing up the furnace regularly but sparingly. Not intensely but aerobically 128-140 heart rate. My Garmin watch and app played a crucial roll because it recorded everything. Calories burnt, time in heart rate zones ect. Thank you Doctor Fung !
I started at 59, I’m 65 yo now.
  18. @plantinfo8184: Hi all! Behold everyone!::  
Mediterranean diet, according to me, where it matters if I'm right, is a good idea for kids. kids can do orange juice too at breakfast because they are constantly anabolic where an adult is aligned more for wear and tear or cortisol/adrenalin in the moorings rather than anabolic hormones right in the Morning. mornings, exercising or not, are for bodily wear and tear. the rest of the day is small high protein meals with vegetables at dinner with the meat and grains'.

Summary: an adult needs grains for breakfast for glycogen, where kids need muscle building nutrition or complex meal/s for breakfast. like the adult the rest of the day for both kids and adults is complex meals of meat and grains, or cheese, small protein meal, or 1/4 cup of milk all day, with vegetables and fruits after 2pm at least, ideally after 5pm. always small meals so a small bowl for portion control is suggested. grains -> small high protein meal -> complex meal is the general sequence.  everyone conducts life and is on their own trajectory for things. so most will have similar results for investigations no doubt,. this is where I'm a bit different.  I am i assume many time ahead with this. so more developed with the scances. My findings come from covering more material and the related development/s insights.  anyway take it from me or one 200 years in the future. the suggestions will be similar.

[this whole ~post is truthful and likely very accurate.  This is why people' on steroids can eat like a kid/kids nutrition. Fame and misleading people - is not how i get my kicks'. ]

so: stimulants in the day, antioxidants in the evening. AO's anytime of the day is fine for kids, not adults, adults need shift from wear and tear chemically to anabolic, where young people' can be anabolic all day  --this is partly why old chicks like young boys, younger people anyway.

plain English: You need wear and tear as an adult in the morning from grains mostly as a break-fast. then transition after at least 12pm to anabolic causing foods or higher protein foods always small meals after at least 12pm. dinner can be large and you want antioxidants at dinner time.  Ideally long story but: an adult wants no unsaturated plant oils in the diet - conflicts with protein digestion or meat. saturated fats with a condiment or gastrique is fine. early dinner is better than late wear for healthy weight 8pm is ideal. And, as people age the nutrition should shift to child nutrition, though' it's better to increase the protein for older people at BF and leave the Antioxidants as is or with the adult scenario or low AO's early int he day and more later.  peoples' cortisol levels increase naturally with age.  HB
  19. @cali-sun7727: Down 66 lbs usimg these principles while ising a cgm
  20. @bret_fernweh: I'm a GLP1 user. The incessant Protein discussion sadly over shadows the equal importance of the other macro nutrients, particularly fibre, drives me bonkers. As you rightly point out, you just can't eat Protein, you've got to exercise.

Look at the explosion of Protein 'branding' in supermarkets over the last 18 months - big food are reading the tea leaves!

- Dr. Gabrielle Lyon’s Top 6 Supplements to Lose Fat, Build Muscle & Improve Longevity: Kind: captions Language: en let's pivot to uh supplements for just a minute talking about the muscle building side and the fat loss side uh if we cut through all the noise out there of all kinds of like muscle building garbage supplements that are out there like if People's Focus From A longevity perspective but also building muscle losing fat what are the best sort of like muscle building supplements they should focus so I would say here are my top I'm going to give you my top four supplements okay um number one uh creatine and not in no particular order creatine omega-3 fatty acids is it's been shown to have impact on skeletal muscle which even more so on females and males I think there's some evidence to support that um urethan a and I said vitamin D and creatin that's it that's pretty simple now let's and by the way if someone is eating a high rmid diet I they may or may not uh need more creatine can you elaborate a little bit more maybe on mitophagy and like urethan a yeah I I would love to um when we think about how we examine our overall health and the things that we can do that can be challenging right because we want to know that what we are putting in our body is giving us a result right yes uh some of us like to eat pomegranate or walnut and we think that just because something has a phytonutrient or again something within a food Matrix that we are actually getting those things but that doesn't always happen and urethan a is a postbiotic it comes from an elianin this compound these group of compounds called elit tanins which are found in pomegranate or walnut typically these plant sources and 40 30 to 40% of individuals do not have the gut microbiome to generate Ethan a I don't know have you ever taken a test I take a test but I'm aware that yeah that's very small there's a a small population um that can do it uh I I haven't taken the test either but urethan a is a compound has a lot of good data randomized control trials in older adults and we're seeing it in athletes to improve this concept of mitophagy which is the Regeneration and cleaning out of these old mitochondrial cells which you have to do you have to rebuild and repair so that things you know are much more effective and efficient you know one of the things that happens with aging is our ability to turn over mitochondria declines and so a way to support it is through urethan a and I am very hardpressed to be impressed with data I am very impressed with the uranine data yeah yeah the bit that I've seen as well it's very impressive yes and it's sort of this this theory that floats around there that has a lot of of logic and reasoning to it that okay as you get older and if your M Let's Pretend your mitochondria is becoming more dysfunctional which more than likely it is as you get older there's always a delicate balance of that mitochondria having you know its daughter mitochondria and ultimately you know basically the proliferation of mitochondria but from a DNA standpoint since mitochondria has its own DNA if you have dysfunctional mitochondria it's like a dysfunctional family having dysfunctional children right and like eventually you can end up down this rabbit hole and there's literature to reinforce that although it's you know it's fairly mechanistic but it makes a lot of sense then when you look at okay in an aging population enhancing mitochondrial health so that this mitochondria can still let's just call it procreate that's a very simple way of putting it that's not how it is you know you're creating more mitochondria right especially if you're putting the stops in place to create more mitochondria in the first place exercise resistance training yada yada um I'll put a link down below for timeline which you and I both talk about this pretty much the only patented way to get your Athan a well and also the evidence is so good for it you know for there's years and years of data it starts with mechanistic data you know move to animal models and then to humans and when we start to see randomized control trials in humans that hold up um especially when it improves endurance and strength that is something I pay attention to as a practicing physician so after today's video our sponsor is seed I put a link down below for 25% off their daily symbiotic so it's a probiotic and a Prebiotic in one so it has a really unique delivery system so I am a fan of probiotics when you're making a change to like your diet or a lifestyle because it kind of help remodel that gut microbiome to help you make that shift a little bit sooner now full disclaimer they're a sponsor on this channel that's how this channel Works how we're able to create amazing content but my promise is that I only recommend products that I personally have used or currently use so seed down below that is a 25% off discount link again for their daily synbiotic I would probably guess that you'd notice a difference within about a week of taking it start noticing it digestively you might start noticing it in other ways but for me I got more energy I started sleeping better things just seemed more regulated so anyhow that link down below 25% off I want to double click on uh fish oil Omega-3s for a second so yeah the literature is super fascinating I'm quite aware of it but I want you to kind of explain a little bit like I've seen cool evidence on U protein synthesis on insulin sensitivity post-workout omega-3 utilization for increasing protein synthesis like yeah I um and again I'm not an expert on fish oil omega-3 but from the literature there's a few things that I think are very interesting I haven't seen it directly impact muscle protein synthesis but I have there is some literature to suggest that it affects the ribosomal content and it impacts the ribosome of skeletal muscle which I think could be very interesting and there is some evidence that it lowers inflammation and I would say that that lowers inflammation systemically we see that in C- reactive protein um and we know that elevated levels of C reactive protein are um it can be a risk factor for disease States especially cardiovascular disease so I think that there's a lot lot of evidence emerging really about the impact of omega-3 fatty acids on skeletal muscle yeah and also even in the incorporation of it yeah totally it's it's cool because uh that's going to be one that I would focus on on the fat loss side as well like especially from uh insulin sensitivity standpoint like if you are metabolically unhealthy like these kinds of fats coming from EPA and DHA show really promising evidence with insulin sensitivity which has a dual effect with potentially protein synthesis more insulin sensitive you are then maybe you can get that little impact with an insulin Spike along with protein possibly more insulin sensitive from a Lucine Spike but that um I digress but from a fat loss perspective just like I had mentioned before like if your insulin levels are high and you're inhibiting lipolysis but if you can start to increase that insulin sensitivity a little bit more then perhaps you can bring those insulin levels down a little bit more uh but I also just think just for General Health it's one of the most important supplements you could take yes I would agree with you and so uh vitamin D is on your list for f building muscle well I think it's really important for muscle health and one of the things again as a geriatrician is I am concerned about Falls yeah and there are vitamin D receptors on skeletal muscle and we know that it is a risk factor um for muscle Health low vitamin D levels just because of that and then from a fat loss perspective it makes perfect sense too and there's a I don't know if you've heard about how essentially vitamin D is sequestered in fat cells yes so more overweight someone is the more their vitamin D gets soaked up into their fat so it's like in the process of losing fat you might need to be saying hey when I'm starting out my dose needs to be higher and then as you lose fat you might be able to kind of titrate that dose and kind of bring it down and find your sweet spot uh and you can see that in the blood work too that if you're dosing an individual who has more fat to lose and let's say you're dosing them at 10,000 iuse of vitamin D and you're still not seeing an improvement they sometimes have to be dosed higher yeah it's and I think just from a fat loss perspective it's it's cool there's so much like whey protein like it's on the same on the same list muscle building and fat loss A because the obvious reasons for the muscle building for the fat loss side the satiety effect is a huge one uh and just the kind of collaborative effect saying like Hey we're building muscle then it's going to be better even there's also imunoglobulin so there's alphal lactalbumin and lactar and these immunoglobulins that exist within weight protein that can help with inflammation specifically concentrate in that case right yes yes yes that can help with inflammation and and have some immune modulating effects you know it's kind of funny because you know one of the things that we learn in what we do with our line of work is that you have to be okay with changing your mind on things sometimes and uh I have no problem with weight protein isolate in fact I still think as far as pure protein it's like it's clean it's pure it's simple if I just want pure unadulterated protein I'm going to go for isolate I used to kind of bag on concentrate and now like as I've taken a more holistic approach in terms of being like I want as close to the whole food as possible I've realized like that that lacto Farin and having those immunoglobulins from whey protein concentrate is super important for the for the gut but also for the immune system and for um and I actually if I can get past the initial digestive issues that I kind of had with concentrate which went away within a couple weeks of just being consistent with it I'm starting to think I might be more of a concentrated guy now yeah I love it so it's kind of wild you're rethinking food in terms of a whole Matrix yeah yeah I still I mean still think isolate has a you know a great place it does it does especially for more mature uh adults that can't tolerate way and really need to get their protein in so for fat loss supplements for me all add into the mix caffeine oh yeah caffeine is the most studied ergogenic Aid that we know of uh it's I mean it's tied pretty close with creatine as far as like most heavily researched with the most evidence behind it as an ergogenic aid uh when it comes down to fat loss some of the clearest evidence that's there I mean whether it's because it's increasing your RMR because it's like getting you to move more or there's actual you know cylic adenosine monophosphate kind of like activation that is literally helping you burn more fat um the mobilization of fat from caffeine is a very real thing so like I always tell people like like make no mistake like the best fat loss supplement that you could probably have is your cup of black coffee in the morning you know and there's even some weird evidence suggesting that caffeine might help with muscle growth but the only thing that that might conflict in our two uh discussions here would be the co-ingestion of caffeine and creatine at the same time have you seen that I haven't yeah so when I had Dr Darren kandow on here he was kind of speculating some of this based on some of the research but then within the last couple of months some literature has come out that is pretty compelling that yeah taking caffeine and creatine they occupy similar receptors for transport so if you take your creatine in the morning you may want to separate it from your coffee at least an hour so it seems as though they they don't mix oh interesting yeah I did not know that it doesn't negatively impact the caffeine but the caffeine negatively impacts the creatine interesting okay so I have a question for you have you looked at green coffee extract chlorogenic acid so chlorogenic acid is very from a fat loss perspective no uh as an antioxidant it has some pretty compelling research behind it um I am still inclined to go the the flaven route I think that I get more out of catak from like the green tea and the egcg than I do out of chlorogenic acid but perhaps there's a co-administration that could be really interesting what's your take on it I um I think green coffee has all of them yeah unroasted green coffee I mean it's very difficult to get but that's interesting yeah that's it's something that I'd like to explore a little bit more because there's uh we talked about a little bit in one of our videos but the relationship between coffee and Frailty coffee consumption and uh more mobility and less Frailty as people get older and there's one camp that suggests it's just because the caffeine is making them more mobile because it's getting them more active and they're moving more and that's a huge piece of it probably just the main piece but then there's another camp that thinks that it has to do with the chlorogenic acid interesting yeah they think that has to do with more uh CGA it has to do more with the antioxidant effect and that's actually uh reducing inflammation enough that they're actually more mobile and so I think it's probably a combination but the chlorogenic acid that there's been a huge Resurgence of that as far as popularity I've been interested in it forever there was this company that I used to use their green coffee it was called Sun up it was amazing and they had high levels of chlorogenic acid yeah I think I think we need to start doing some more deep Dives on this and that's the cool thing about you know social media and where we're at now is like as these discussions start to happen it's going to sponse more research out of it people like hey there's there's interest here especially when there's something where there's potential money behind it too like oh cool like coffee industry can get behind this you know there's a lot of you know so we've got all of that

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidf7978 [1 likes]: Creatine
Omega 3 fatty acids
Urolithin A
Vitamin D
  2. @FXPips11: Im on 39 hr fast, refeed lifestyle now. So, of course im in prime cell turnover because of autoghagy length and i take spermidine on 18 hr of fast. So its turbo boosted for 21 more hours. Would Urolithin A cause to much of a good thing, if i supplement? I do take d3+k2, NO booster, NAC, creatine,
  3. @simsim44789: Whey never gets better for me. I get so sick from it. It's not lactose issues from what I can tell. Thanks if you have alternatives 😊
  4. @ckesaved1444: pomegranate juice is $10 a bottle at costco i hope im one of the ones that can absorb ur a from it naturally. where can i get a test to see if i can absorb ur a naturally from pomegranate?
  5. @Biggest_B69: All must be honest
  6. @AjaychinuShah: Hot showers not cold showers is a lot, lot easier
  7. @AjaychinuShah: The gums and the lines in the gum, gumlines, need ardent care and attention.
  8. @AjaychinuShah: Yeah, Potentiation is the Problem.
  9. @dandzara: Which Urolithin A would you recommend?
  10. @coleruston920: Never take health advice from someone who looks like her..
  11. @marinafoglietti9351: I do not assume whey protein because I do not tolerate caseine and milk sugar. I eat sardines two times a week and other fish on Sunday and eggs every day so omega three is ok. Creatine two hours after morning coffee and Urolithin  A at lunch with vit c. Vit D3 only during winter.
  12. @BlakesSpace86: I dont think a coffee is the best fat loss supplement. Retatrutide and other GLP-1's work just a TINY bit better. They are "supplements" if caffeine is a "supplement"
  13. @kenneth6847: He is supposed to be interviewing her but he's doing all the talking.
  14. @whitefox8291: I wish i could take creatine 😢, it gives me erectile dysfunction
  15. @Kingthreefifteen: She doesn’t look healthy 💀 face
  16. @michaelwesten8787: What's the best brand of Urolithin A?
  17. @viktoriakireeva5860: Why do people even bother with language if they’re going to wave their hands around like this? We have sign language for deaf people, but we’re not deaf, so WHY? Watching them talk, I keep getting distracted by all those hand movements. It doesn’t clarify anything, it just makes it harder to focus on what they’re saying.I find myself watching their hands, trying to decode what they’re supposed to mean rather than concentrating on the information. 

And her vocal fry..🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯 🤮🤮🤮🤮
  18. @iGoHardInThePaint: Wait… why the fuck is a learned and sagacious doctor like Gabby on a podcast with Thomas DeLaur?
  19. @jordyvero6725: I replace cafeine with Kratom. I would like to know the opinion on Kratom when it comes to muscle gains...
  20. @ryanj2071: And just when I thought Dr. G couldn't get any more sexy, she shows up in a DEF LEPPARD shirt!!!! 😶

- 10 Reasons Women Over 40 Need More Protein (It's Not Just Building Muscle): Kind: captions Language: en If you're working to lose fat as you build muscle, you may have heard to increase your protein intake, and you should. But eating more protein isn't just beneficial for body recmp. It's also good for your health and staying functionally fit till your final day on this planet. So, if you've been avoiding increasing your protein intake, I want to help you value this change and prioritize it by understanding fully why it's so key. Because we prioritize and embrace hard changes that we value. Here are 10 reasons why increasing your protein is so key. But before I dive into these amazing benefits of protein, I do want to give you one word of warning specifically about those high protein labeled foods you may turn to. Just because something says it's high protein doesn't mean it is. In the US, a food can be labeled as high protein with just 10 g of protein per serving. Which, don't get me wrong, that may be the boost you need while helping you strike a lifestyle balance. A high protein granola may help you strike balance in keeping your breakfast parfait while rocking your macro ratios. But you want to be aware that you may not actually be getting that much protein just by eating foods labeled high protein. Your best bet for increasing your protein are things like meat, chicken, beef, and seafood. Or if you're plant-based, tofu, tempe, and satan. However, if you're already increasing those protein portions and want other options, plus you're tempted by protein cereals or granas to help you strike a sustainable nutritional balance, you can use this trick to help you figure out the protein density of foods and ones that may be more valuable for your goals. Take the calories on the label and move the decimal over one to the left. If a cereal is 160 calories, that means the number you're now looking at is 16. If the protein on the nutritional label is 16 g or greater, that food is actually going to be protein dense under that amount and you know you're not looking at a protein dense food. Now, the 10 reasons to increase your protein. Number one, it helps build and maintain lean muscle mass. Grip strength is a key indicator of longevity. And guess what's needed for a strong grip? Muscle. Muscle is magical and involved in keeping our body healthy in so many ways, supporting everything from brain to bone health to metabolic health. So, we need to do everything we can to maintain and even build it. Especially since as we get older, our risk of sarcopenia or muscle loss increases and we're less able to utilize protein as efficiently to repair and rebuild. So, increasing our protein, the amino acids that are the building blocks of muscle, is really super key as we get older. Number two, it improves hormonal balance. Most people think of protein as just the building blocks of muscle, but it's also the building blocks of many hormones and neurotransmitters. Without enough protein, your body struggles to make and regulate the powerful chemical signals that tell your body when to burn fat, when to feel hungry or full, when to calm down, when to feel energized, and even when it's time to sleep. And especially as women enter pmenopause and menopause, protein is one of the most powerful dietary tools we have to feel more balanced, energized, and more in control of our body composition. Number three, protein keeps bones healthy. As we get older, our risk for falls and fractures increases. Protein helps us not only build muscle to react to avoid falls and slips that may impact our bone health, but it also provides amino acids to strengthen our bones while supporting calcium absorption. Add lifting weights to the mix and you create the perfect recipe for improving bone density and staying strong and stable. Number four, it improves mood and helps us manage stress. Again, protein isn't just for your muscles. It's also fuel for your brain and nervous system. The amino acids from protein are used to make key brain chemicals. Things like serotonin, which supports calm and happiness, dopamine, which helps with focus and motivation, and GABA, which plays a big role in relaxation and stress control. Together, these chemicals help keep your mood steady, your stress in check, and your energy more consistent. Protein also helps keep your blood sugar steady, which prevents the crashes that can trigger irritability, anxiety, and fatigue, which is especially helpful for anyone going through pmenopause or menopause. That's why making every meal protein centric is one of the most powerful ways to improve your mood, sharpen your focus, and increase your mental resilience as you get older. Number five, protein supports brain health and cognitive functioning. Protein does this both directly and indirectly. Indirectly, protein helps you build and maintain lean muscle mass. Strong muscles improve circulation, stabilize blood sugar, reduce inflammation, and are linked to a lower risk of dementia. Directly, protein fuels your brain by providing amino acids to make neurotransmitters like serotonin, dopamine, and acetyloline, supporting nerve protection and repair, keeping blood sugar steady for consistent focus and mental clarity, and reducing oxidative stress that damages brain cells. During menopause, these benefits become even more important. Protein helps protect against brain fog and memory lapses by supporting neurotransmitters, stabilizing blood sugar, and improving mental clarity and focus. By eating enough protein and keeping your muscle strong, you're not only supporting better mood, focus, and memory. Now, you're also investing in long-term brain health and lowering your risk of cognitive decline. Number six, it improves your cardiovascular health. You might be raising an eyebrow at this one. After all, when we think protein, many of us think of heart issues, especially with red meat and saturated fat. But here's the truth. Getting enough protein paired with heart-healthy fats actually supports your cardiovascular health. It helps lower blood pressure, improves cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and keeps arteries more flexible instead of stiffening with age. Protein also stabilizes blood sugar, reducing another major risk factor for heart disease. And let's not forget, protein builds muscle, and strong muscles directly benefit your heart by boosting circulation, blood sugar control, and lowering inflammation. All of this becomes even more important as women enter menopause. As estrogen levels decline, blood pressure often rises, cholesterol worsens, and blood sugar becomes harder to manage. All this puts extra strain on the heart and blood vessels. So, if you've been on the fence about protein, hopefully you're starting to see its benefits. Number seven, protein supports quality sleep and recovery. Want to fall asleep faster, sleep deeper, and reduce fatigue and muscle soreness? Yep, protein is key for all of these things. Protein provides amino acids like tryptophen, which your body uses to make serotonin, a calming neurotransmitter, and melatonin, the sleep hormone. This helps improve both your ability to fall asleep, but also how restorative your sleep actually is. Protein also helps stabilize blood sugar throughout the day, preventing the nighttime crashes and stress signals that often disrupt sleep. This is something that becomes especially important during menopause when sleep issues are more common. And when it comes to recovery, protein is literally the fuel your body needs to repair muscle tissue and rebuild stronger. Without enough of it, you can end up training hard but never seeing the muscle or strength gains you want and staying sore much longer than you should. Number eight, it improves insulin sensitivity and body composition. Notice where your storing fat has maybe changed with middle age that you're seeing your waistline spread a little bit more. Don't just write it off as getting older. Increase your protein intake. One of protein's biggest benefits is how it supports healthy blood sugar and insulin levels. When we eat enough protein, it slows digestion, reduces blood sugar spikes and crashes, and helps us feel fuller for longer, which means fewer cravings, and less overeating. Protein also supports lean muscle, and muscle is one of the body's best tools for managing blood sugar because it soaks up glucose and uses it for energy. Simply put, stronger muscles equal better insulin sensitivity. And while these benefits matter at any age, they become even more important during menopause when hormonal shifts can make it easier to store fat around the abdomen and harder to regulate blood sugar levels. Number nine, it keeps your gut healthy. Your gut does more than just digest food. It's also where nutrients are absorbed and where much of your immune system lives. As we age, digestive enzyme activity can decline, which makes it harder to break down and absorb nutrients as efficiently. This is where increasing protein can help. Certain amino acids like glutamine help maintain the integrity of your gut lining. The lining acts like a filter, letting in the nutrients your body needs while keeping out unwanted particles that can trigger inflammation. Protein also supports the production of digestive enzymes that help you break down food more effectively. And during menopause, when bloating and digestive discomfort often increase, protein helps support gut function and reduces inflammation so your digestion feels smoother and more balanced. And finally, even though I know you're already sold on increasing your protein. Number 10, protein strengthens your immune system. As we age, our immune system naturally slows down. This can make it harder to fight off infections, heal quickly, or keep inflammation under control. Protein directly supports your defenses by providing amino acids your body needs to build antibodies, immune cells, and glutathione, which is one of the most powerful antioxidants, protecting cells from damage. And because so much of your immune system actually lives in your gut, protein's role in maintaining your gut health further supports a strong balanced immune response. This is even more important during menopause when hormonal shifts can increase inflammation and make the immune system more vulnerable. So, increasing your protein intake, it isn't just key for your aesthetic goals, although it will help you look freaking fabulous. It's the key to staying fit, healthy, strong, and resilient till your final day on this planet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @trbeyond [2 likes]: Good video on all the benefits of protein but not sure the video title aligns with the content. I was hoping it was more about what products may be mislabeled or certain foods high protein isn’t actually utilized by the body as well as others.
  2. @ms.developer235 [2 likes]: Thanks for this video Cori! I knew about protein and muscle, but didn't know about the heart health benefits especially around perimenopause. Plus, I love the science behind wellness. I really appreciate that you name dropped actual terms (like glutathione for ex.) to teach what's happening. The wealth of info - not to mention I saw a difference applying your advice, is why i subscribed!
  3. @Littlefurball7 [1 likes]: I have to say I’ve been mostly vegan and focused focusing on vegan  protein with beans, lentils, ect. 50, perimenopausal and the anxiety was through the roof in spite of being musclar. Switched to fish, red meat, lean pork, and venison and within a few days my anxiety is nearly gone and I’m sleeping so much better.
  4. @lifeisarollercoaster1443 [1 likes]: Hi Cori. Thanks so much for this video, and all your videos. You have amazing content and I always learn so much from you. Your beautiful smile and light-hearted role play make your videos very educational, and fun to watch. Love them 😍
  5. @Drrck11 [1 likes]: Great advice 👍🏾
  6. @solosixstring7422 [1 likes]: Great message thanks cori !!
  7. @JaySain69 [1 likes]: 💯good info💰💰
  8. @absta100: Oh man how do I get rid of the donut around my belly button ? 😞 130g of protein so hard for me.  I am vegetarian
  9. @SimaSaysBeWholeVideos: Thanks for this video.  This was good information.  Power-packed.  I'm 65, working on building muscle.
  10. @michell598: Love your content Cori! Keep up the great work! 🎉
  11. @stephenr6913: 10 grams of protein is a high protein food? I live in Canada and our low fat milk had 9gm, per cup. I suspect it's similar in the US. A typical glass of milk for me is abut a cup and a half. I never considered it high protein, just healthy protein.
  12. @BODYBYWALLY: I love watching You're a genius, but the pictures seriously sixty or  120, you really think that 100 percent of women that are in shape, really care about the difference in those pictures.Being in fitness for a half a century, I say no.But I still love you
  13. @MeriBeeYT: Damn look at that bod 🔥
  14. @jude-ln1ut: Increasing my protein above 50 to 60g, even though well hydrated, resulted in excessive BUN and BUN/creatinine ratio and a steady  decline in eGFR.  It's  a bummer. 

So, I've started breaking up that amount in small quantities of 10 - 15 per meal, with fiber and fat to slow absorption,  and add 3g HMB (1g 3x/day) to improve protein synthesis and reduce breakdown. We'll see how it works.
  15. @elmejoraj: As a doctor, I thought I understood how health systems worked… until I read ‘Healing Beyond The System’ by David Collins. It reveals truths no one in medicine ever talks about.
  16. @jenA9026: I'm 60, and I find I hardly have an appetite for eating at all. 
Five servings of vegetables are recommended and oodles of protein, and I just really struggle.
Besides ethically not wanting to eat animal products (I do, because of the protein thing).

I don't slavishly count macros, but after doing so on and off for nearly 40 years, I can guestimate pretty well.
Mind you, if you want to look like this young lady, you need kitchen  scales and macro counting.
It's true that so-so effort gives so-so results. I'm good with so-so results, but preserving muscle mass is a priority. Low body fat %?  I don't  chase that anymore. I've bee 10% to 16% body fat. Now I'm probably 18% to 20%. 
You can climb mount everest but you cant live there!
  17. @keenanranch849: Excellent info!  Complete and well presented! Thank you!
  18. @roxannebudd1978: ❤❤❤
  19. @JaySain69: Thanx for breaking down protein 👌🏿💯
  20. @JaySain69: Damn you ripped you must have self motivation 💯

- How Women Over 40 Should Workout for Best Results & Injury Prevention | Dr. Stacy Sims w Mel Robbins: Kind: captions Language: en If you had to bottom line what a woman should be doing in her 20s versus her 30s versus her 40s versus 50s and up, what would it be? So strength training across the board. The type of strength training you do is different. So, when we're in our 20s and our early 30s, we can do some of the protocol stuff that that is out there for men, like you're doing your 10 to 12 reps or you're going to failure or you're going in, you're doing a full body workout, you're going to get results. As we start to get into our mid30s and onward, we start to have changes in our estrogen, progesterone, and it doesn't quite work for us, okay? because now we need to find an external stress that's going to create the same responses that those hormones used to support. Okay. So now we want to look at more of a powerbased type training. What does that mean? Yeah. Like 30 and up, your hormones change and now the 10 to 12 reps that we've all been socialized to do does not work. Which is why we all start bitching about the fact that our bodies are not responding to what we always used to do. This makes a lot of sense. after sims. So when you're doing the higher reps, it's more of what we call metabolic stress. So that's more like muscle contraction using fuel. Yeah. But it's not an impetus to build lean mass or to become stronger. So this is where I say the power base. So when we're talking about the spectrum of weights and and and the reps and sets and stuff, powerbased is 0 to 6 to eight reps. Oh, I love that. I can do less. Yes. But it has to be heavy. Okay. Has to be heavy. But okay. Yeah. So that means that you go and you pick up, say we pick up this 20, right? And you're like, "Oh, yeah. I can do 10 overhead. No problem. Maybe I could do two more." Great. So we call that 10 with two reps in reserve. Okay. We want you to be at a six with two reps in reserve. So that means I would have you put the 20 down and pick up those 30s. And see, can you do six really good? Wow. Not failing form. And then could you eek out two more? Great. That's the weight that we want you to use. Gotcha. So, I'm definitely lifting way too light and I am lifting far too much of it. Like the little tiny two-lb weights with the Put those down. Put those down. Like those aren't doing anything for my chicken wing arms. No, no, not at all. Okay. Not at all. Well, that explains it cuz I'm like, why does this hurt so much and I'm getting zero result here? Yeah. But my daughters literally look like they're cut. Yeah. Wow. Cuz they respond well to metabolic stress. As our bodies get older, we need more of a central nervous system. Gotcha. So, the general takeaway here is that when we hit that sort of late 30s to 40s mark and our estrogen is dropping and our bodies are changing and we're not getting the same results, you got to really focus on these sprint trainings and also doing weight training where the load is heavier but the reps are are shorter. Yeah. But I don't want women who are listening to go, "Oh, I heard Mel's podcast and I have to go lift these heavy weights and do sprint training." It takes time. Yeah. To learn how to do things well without getting injured because I mean, we get older, we're more susceptible to soft tissue injury, joint injuries. So, I always want women to learn how to move first. So, if you've never done any kind of strength training, don't be put off by, "Oh, I heard I have to lift heavy weights. I better not do it at all." No, any kind of resistance is good. Maybe it's just body weight at the start. Maybe you're doing a body weight circuit and then maybe you're putting a backpack with some stuff that's in there to make it a little bit heavier. Maybe you're following somebody online that's teaching you how to move properly first. And over the course of time, you can add load because your body is learning how to move and it's becoming stress resilient. So, you add load to increase that stress. And then over the course of six to eight months, you're going to be in lifting heavy weights and doing the sprints without injury. So it it's not a training block like we've all been conditioned to what do I do every day in and out, in and out so I can get X results. We want to think about what am I doing to improve my overall health, my strength, my bones, my brain, so that when I'm 80, I'm self-sufficient. When I'm 90, I'm self-sufficient. It's not a training block. It's a lifestyle that we want in. So, it takes time to build into that lifestyle. So, I have another question from a listener named Aaron. Is it better to use machines or free weights? With machines, I want people to realize that it's hard for a woman to actually get the machines to fit well cuz they are designed for a 5'8 to 6' 160 to 190 lb. So, if you are outside of that norm, it's really hard to get the right fit, which can predispose you to injury. If you are just getting started, it can be a way because you're not going to put a lot of load on. You're not going to get as injured. Like, I'm not for me personally, I'm not a huge fan of something like Planet Fitness, but I do appreciate the fact that they've opened the doors to so many people to make lifting accessible. So a woman can go in and use their machine circuit and get some resistance and some load to start to get themsel resilient. So then they can move away from those machines and get into dumbbells. I like more of the free weights where you have a barbell or a dumbbell because you have to use more of your stabilizing muscles which is how we move anyway cuz you're not going to go pick up a bag of groceries just with your arm, right? So, if you're looking at um bicep curls or tricep dips on a machine, that's not functional, per se. Yes, you're adding load, but I like it when people are, okay, I've got to lift the groceries or I've got to lift this overhead, so I'm going to do a full squat using my abs and I'm going to go from ground to overhead. It could be with a plate, could be with a dumbbell, it could just be that motion at start because we have to think about how we move in the day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lilly25642: I have a question for Dr. Sims, hopefully she can answer because I'm really curious. 
I'm 37 and I started going to the gym half a year ago and I hate lifting weights. I really cannot find the motivation to do it. What I do like is going to group classes of 30 min - 1 hour and do something different every day (sometimes I do 2 classes one after the other). Pilates, rebounding and other classes that use bodyweight, dumbbells and leg weights. I'm not using the strongest weights available yet (the max dumbbells is 8kg - 17lbs, not sure about the leg weights though, but I'm guessing something close to that as well), but once I do, I really don't want to stop the classes because there's no heavier weights available and go to the machine room to lift more. So I am curious what is your opinion on this? Would these classes stop being beneficial to my body because I'm not heavy lifting? 

Also, I never hear anything about calisthenics which is lifting your own weight (which should be consider heavy lifting??) and other high mobility and flexibility exercises, which are just as important? There are people that heavy lift that can't reach their feet with their hands or can't even do proper push ups. There's videos on youtube of heavy lifting guys that try pilates and they struggle so much with it. What do you think about that?
  2. @user-kp6we9qw7i: Lifting 20 to 30 pounds is not realistic for most women. You need to start low and build up to that if that is your goal. Most women are lifting nothing. I’m in my 40s and I started with 5 pound weights a month ago and that felt too heavy. Still feels borderline too heavy but I am committed to it. I see no reason to go to 20 to 30 pounds. I’m doing what I can for my body and I’ve made a commitment to myself that I’m keeping.
  3. @Hucklan10: This was great!  Also, from what I understand, Planet Fitness is considering changing their footprint a bit and adding much more functional movement equipment as well as more bars, racks and free weights!
  4. @eirigh_suas: I think by 45-50, life has slapped you enough times for you to realise You have to be kind to yourself in every area of life. At 51, postmenopausal, PTSD sufferer, I make sure I eat healthy but not overly so, do muscle activation and pilates intuitively (some days 20mins, other days longer,) walk outdoors every day, meditate, do nothing at all but rest my legs up a wall, go to bed early, wake up with the sun, spend quality time alone... Basic stuff that is way more healing, heartwarming and healthy than when I used to kill myself lifting weights in the gym (my 20s and 30s.) I certainly feel healthier, more grounded, centered, relaxed and more me than ever. Be kind to yourself ❤
  5. @MaryEllenDanforth: I have lifted weights and cardio for over 30 years.  I am now 61 yo.  My days for lifting heavy weights are over.  After having frozen shoulders at different times of my life and general wear and tear on my body I have to keep it at light weights.  I do this so I can continue to be active and not hurt.  I think your exercise regime is not for most woman that are 60+
  6. @hb11912: I’m 57 and use dumbbells every day and I have good muscle definition in my biceps and upper arms. I also walk every day so am getting the cardio as well as strength training. It’s worked for me and I am a good weight for my age.
  7. @littlemisslondon5655: Mel said 2:13 the 2lb weight and Dr stacy said "oh gosh put those down"! Totally agree.... whats the point. Thats not weights thats picking up a tin can.
  8. @MommaLousKitchen: What's "heavier weight"???? And how many reps.
  9. @lynniki: I worked out when I was 25. I stopped working out. Ive been told that I have muscle memory that my body will know what to do faster. But since Im older. I decided to start lighter than I could do. I use light weights as a warm up. Then I go to heavy for the gain and finish my sets. This is what my body told me to do and I listened to it. People I know are telling me I can workout or left heavy because Im older now. I told them, just watch you're gonna be wrong.
  10. @brendahornung1990: Thanks!!
  11. @ArabianShalifa: I’m almost 62 and just starting weights.
  12. @SharonM623: I’m 5’9”  and 165lbs, so the machines are perfect for me😊
  13. @Mitchky1133: I'll be 42 n I lift weights. Our muscle mass decreases more every year in our 40s and strength training is crucial. This is an idiotic thing to say. Sorry.
  14. @littlebootsbigadventures: So... lift heavier weights, at lower reps. Do functional Hitt workouts. Winner.
  15. @StellaAesthetics: This girl: "Lower your cortisol or else"
This girl: "Lift heavy or else".
No one seeing this contradiction here?
  16. @deannawest07: My OBGYN has told me over and over again that the best thing women over the age of 30 can do is strength training but lift heavy. Lift to failure basically.
  17. @mirandamarron6558: I watched the full length video of this and loved it. Thank you. 
You also ended an argument with my husband and sons about ice plungers, I have always said it is too cold for me and I believe I need Cool plunge not an ice plunge so to hear you say the same thing was amazing to hear. I love it when I am right. I didn’t know the science behind it I just knew what I felt.
  18. @Sharon-m3z2d: I’m 48 and had three kids. I couldn’t walk four years ago. Had bone spurs in my L4 and L5. I was told I had arthritis and I’ll just get worse. That I should start pain management (pain pills). I got prolotheraoy and started weight training. I’m now stronger, pain free, I do sprint training and have way more energy.
  19. @gtat3615: What BS is this??????? Trash!!!
  20. @arianebennion: Mel is sometimes disingenuous. Lifting 2lbs... I don't think that landed truthfully.

- Female-Specific Exercise & Nutrition for Health, Performance & Longevity | Dr. Stacy Sims: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the huberman Lab podcast where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday [Music] life I'm Andrew huberman and I'm a professor of neurobiology and Opthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine my guest today is Dr Stacy Sims Dr Stacy Sims is an exercise physiologist and a nutrition scientist and a world expert in all things training and nutrition specifically for women in addition to working at Stanford and with numerous professional a letic teams Dr Sims has authored more than 100 peer-reviewed studies on exercise physiology she has not only evaluated existing protocols for nutrition and fitness that are specific to women versus men but she has also developed many new protocols that are now in practice with professional sports teams but that can also serve people who are generally interested in Fitness and Longevity and in doing so the general public the tools that Dr Sims shares with us today are applicable to Fitness to to changing your body composition and to overall health today we discuss how hormones and hormone Cycles impact nutrition and fitness needs specifically in women of different ages we of course discuss the menstrual cycle perimenopause and menopause but also female specific nutrition and training as it relates to things independent of hormones for instance we evaluate the evidence that women may not want to train fasted and the reasons for that we talk about how training might vary according to different phases of the menstrual cycle and we discuss how women can design nutrition and training programs that are optimized for their specific needs not just because they are women but because they are women of a particular stage of life and women with particular goals as you'll soon see Dr Sims is exquisitly skilled at explaining the human universals of nutrition and training that is the things that do not differ between men and women and their needs in terms of nutrition and training but she is also exquisitly skilled at highlighting the data showing that there are specific areas of nutrition and fitness for which women and men differ and women have specific needs so today you will learn what those are and you will learn how to apply those specific protocols such that by the end of today's episode You Will Be armed with a tremendous amount of new knowledge about the biological mechanisms and the specific dos and do Nots that can guide you towards your female specific health and fitness goals before you begin I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford it is however part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to Consumer information about science and science related tools to the general public in keeping with that theme I'd like to thank the sponsors of today's podcast our first sponsor is Maui Nei venison Maui Nei venison is the most nutrient dense and delicious red meat available I've spoken many times before on this and other podcast and with several expert guests on this podcast about the fact that most of us should be seeking to get about one gram of highquality protein per pound of body weight every day not only does that protein provide critical building blocks for things like muscle repair and synthesis but also for overall metabolism and health Maui Nei venison has an extremely high quality protein per calorie ratio so that you can get that one gram of protein per pound of body weight easily and without ingesting in excess of calories also mauii venison is absolutely delicious I love their venison steaks their ground venison I love their bone broth and I love their jerky which is extremely convenient when you're traveling those mauii venison turkey sticks have 10 g of highquality protein per stick at just 55 calories while Maui Nei offers the highest quality meat available their supplies are limited responsible management of the access deer population on the island of Maui means that they will not go beyond Harvest capacity so signing up for a membership is the best way to ensure access to their highquality meat if you'd like to try Maui Nei venison you can go to Maui NE venison docomond to get 20% off your membership or first order again that's m new venison docomo today's episode is also brought To Us by eight sleep eight sleep makes Smart mattress covers with cooling Heating and sleep tracking capacity now I've spoken many times before in this podcast about the critical need for us to get adequate amounts of quality sleep each night one of the best ways to ensure a great night's sleep is to control the temperature of your sleeping environment and that's because in order to fall and stay deeply asleep your body temperature actually has to drop by about 1 to 3° and in order to wake up feeling refreshed and energized your body temperature actually has to increase by about 1 to 3° eight sleep makes it incredibly easy to control the temperature of your sleeping environment by allowing you to program the temperature of your mattress cover at the beginning middle and end of the night I've been sleeping on an 8 Sleep mattress cover for well over 3 years now and it has completely transformed my sleep for the better eight sleep recently launched their newest generation pod cover the Pod 4 ultra the Pod 4 ultra has improved cooling and heating capacity higher fidelity sleep tracking technology and it also has snoring detection that remarkably will automatically lift your head a few degrees to improve your air flow and stop your snoring if you'd like to try an eights Sleep mattress cover you can go to 8sleep.com huberman to save $350 off their pod 4 ultra eight sleep currently ships to the USA Canada UK select countries in the EU and Australia again that's eights sleep.com huberman today's episode is also brought To Us by waking up waking up is meditation app that offers hundreds of guided meditation programs mindfulness trainings yoga NRA sessions and more I started practicing meditation when I was about 15 years old and it made a profound impact on my life and by now there are thousands of quality peer-reviewed studies that emphasize how useful mindfulness meditation can be for improving our Focus managing stress and anxiety improving our mood and much more in recent years I started using the waking up app for my meditations because I find it to be a terrific resource for allowing me to to really be consistent with my meditation practice many people start a meditation practice and experience some benefits but many people also have challenges keeping up with that practice what I and so many other people love about the waking up app is that it has a lot of different meditations to choose from and those meditations are of different durations so it makes it very easy to keep up with your meditation practice both from the perspective of novelty you never get tired of those meditations there's always something new to explore and to learn about yourself and about the effectiveness of meditation and you can always fit meditation into your schedule even if you only have two or three minutes per day in which to meditate I also really like doing Yoga Nidra or what is sometimes called non-sleep deep rest for about 10 or 20 minutes because it is a great way to restore mental and physical Vigor without the tiredness that some people experience when they wake up from a conventional nap if you'd like to try the waking up app please go to waking up.com huberman where you can access a free 30-day trial again that's waking up.com huberman to access a free 30-day trial and now for my discussion with Dr Stacy Sims Dr Stacy Sims welcome thanks our podcast and I put out a lot of content about Nutrition Fitness cold exposure heat exposure hydration topics that are very near and dear to your heart and for which you have a ton of expertise but for which you have an extra degree of expertise as it relates to females specific yeah so I'm excited to talk to you today because very often I will get questions in the comment section on social media or on YouTube was this study done in both men and women how does it differ for men versus women and on and on and I rarely if ever have answers but you have answers I have answers for you great so just to kick things off because this is a question I get really often fasting oh yeah inter mittent fasting y we need to distinguish between the two of course perhaps the most common question I get as it relates to males versus females is is intermittent fasting or time-restricted feeding as it's sometimes called an 8 Hour feeding window a six-hour feeding window a 10-hour feeding window is that something that perhaps differs in terms of its impact and how well it works for men versus women yeah that's a short answer great yeah yeah um so I'll put some parameters around it right so if we talk about intermittent fasting that's where you have like the 20-hour non-feeding window or you're holding a fast until noon or after um and then we have time-restricted eating and that's the fancy way of saying normal eating where you're having breakfast and then you stop eating after or you don't have anything after dinner right so you're eating with your circadian rhythm during the day if we look at intermittent fasting where you're holding the fast up till noon or you're having days of really low calorie restriction we see in active women it's very detrimental unless you have PCOS or you have some other subclinical issue and the reason for that is we as women have more oxida fibers so we hear about all the things about fasting to be to improve our metabolic flexibility to improve telal length to improve parasympathetic activation but by the nature of women having more oxidated fibers we are already metabolically more flexible than men interesting yeah didn't know that um could you elaborate on more oxidative fibers what that is and how how it relates to metabolic flexibility sure sure so oxidated fibers are are muscle fibers that are more aerobic capacity so those are the ones that you you can go long and slow for a very long period of time because it uses a lot of free fatty acids you need a little bit of glucose in order to activate those free fatty acids so we look when a woman starts to exercise she goes through blood glucose first and then gets into free fatty acid use she doesn't tap so much into liver muscle glycogen which is I think another misconception that happens so when we're talking about fasting or fasted workouts trying to improve that metabolic flexibility it increases stress on the woman and so when we're talking about overall stress we're talking about cortisol increase and they can't hit intens high enough with no fuel to be able to invoke the post exercise responses of growth hormone and testosterone which then drop cortisol so from an overall stress perspective that fast did work out and holding that fast for a long period of time increases cortisol but then when we look from like a hypothalamic point of view and we're looking at how the brain reads it we know that there's one area of kisspeptin neurons in the brain for men but there are two for women so the two areas are distinct where One controls appetite and luteinizing hormone and the other one is looking at estrogen and thyroid so if you start having an exercise stress or a daily stress of getting up and going on with your day without fuel you perturb those kisspeptin neurons and downregulate them and so when you start downregulating them we see that after four days you have a a disregulation of thyroid we have a change in our luteinizing hormone pulse which is really important to maintain endocrine function and we'll hear this oh I've been fasting for so many years and it does great for me but the other side of the question is well how much better would you be if you were to actually pay attention to your circadian rhythm and fuel according to the stress at hand and knowing that you're going to Garner less stress that way and if we're really tying in nutrition according to that profile instead of following a fast we see better brain Improvement M ments as well we see more cognitive function we see less thyroid dysfunction and overall a woman does much better when we're not in that fasted State then when you look at population research that's coming out now they're showing in both men and women who hold their Fest till noon and then have an eating window from noon to maybe 6: p.m. have more obesogenic outcomes than people who break their fast at 8 and finished their eating window by 4:00 or 5:00 p.m. so it's coming back to the chronobiology of we need to eat when our body is under stress and needs it unless we have a specific issue like obesity inactivity PCOS or other metabolic conditions then we can look at using fasting as a strategic intervention to help with those modalities super interesting two questions is there a protective effect of starting the eating window and here I'm asking for both men and women starting the eating window at say 11:00 a.m. or noon and ending it a little bit later so not a 6our eating window or 7h hour eating window but extending that to 8 or 900 p.m. under those conditions do you still see the obesogenic effect yes because we're looking at the way cortisol responds we know cortisol has lots of fluctuations throughout the day and it Peaks about half an hour after you wake up right so if you're having that quol Peak half an hour after you wake up but you're not eating then that is that higher Baseline sympathetic drive for women for men it's not the same so when we're looking at that obesogenic outcome the actual timing hasn't been tested yet to see how can we ex expand or contract that eating window for men but for women because of that cortisol Peak that right after waking up women tend to be already sympathetically driven so then they walk around more tired but wired and have a really really difficult time ACC accessing any kind of parasympathetic responses down the way where if you have something really small where you're bringing blood sugar up then it's signaling to the hypothalamus hey yeah there's some nutrition on board then we can start our day so again it has to look at that circadian rhythm and those hormone fluxes which people don't really either understand or talk about because all of our hormones flux through the day and so you have to look at where's the peak of cortisol how does estrogen flux how does lutenizing hormone flux progesterone all these things that have this tight interplay and the more we're doing the hormone research and the more we're understanding these perturbations and how important it is to fuel for it to stay out of any kind of low energy availability stance regular listeners of this podcast will know this but just to remind everybody a sympathetic state has nothing to do with emotional sympathy it's the sympathetic arm of the autonomic nervous system which drives more arousal and alertness and at higher levels stress sometimes called the fight ORF flight response parasympathetic being the other arm of the autonomic nervous system sometimes called the rest and digest arm of the autonomic nervous system they work sort of like a seesaw or a push pull pick your analogy in any case it sounds like intermittent fasting or time-restricted feeding unless it's very well aligned to the Circadian rhythm is not going to be advantageous for women that's what I'm hearing I'm also hearing that if a woman trains while fasted so in the non-feeding window so wakes up maybe has some uh hydration and trains that's going to further exacerbate the stress response in a way that's not going to be good exactly and I have to imagine that if she also is drinking caffeine in order to do that training because caffeine is a stimulant of the sympathetic arm of the autonomic nervous system that it will further exacerbate all these issues so this is a opener for me because I've had female training partners for years I don't eat until 11:00 a.m. I like to hydrate and cinate before I train in the morning and then I like to eat starting around noon several of them have hopped on that schedule with me some of them eat breakfast first some of them don't they do as they choose of course but now I'm thinking that's probably the worst way to go and it gets worse as you get older because if we're seeing as women are getting into par menopause which is in their 40s and we have more fluctuation of those hormones and an increase in Baseline cortisol anyway then when you look at fasted training it increases that cortisol drive and that sympathetic drive and because it's a point where you really need to polarize your training to get any kind of body composition change not having any fuel before a high-intensity workout puts them in moderate intensity they just can't hit the intensities they need to same with resistance training like you go in and a lot of women are now working on sessional rpe or rating perceived exertion where you go in and say okay we need you to hit an eight on this squat so you have two reps in reserve and a sessional RP of an eight well if they're not fueled then we are seeing trends that they're missing around two to 5% of that top load so they're not really lifting in that zone that they need to be in let's get um people sorry to interrupt let's get people up to speed on rpe because this is a term that's starting to um circulate more outside the physical um training community and to the broader kind of you know recreational exerciser Community which I consider myself part of UMO I mean I train regularly and half for years but I'm not an I'm not an athlete I don't get paid to train and I you know and so forth so rep repsen Reserve perceived effort maybe just um explain this I think probably 95% of our listenership has never heard these terms okay so if we're talking about about reps in reserve this is when you go in and if you say eight it means you have two reps in reserve so you finish your eight and you should be able to complete two more with a really good form and then you hit failure so eight repetitions in good form and the person doing the exercise could in theory if they really dug in there grit their teeth could complete two more repetitions in good form before hitting failure the inab to move the weight anymore in good form exactly okay but they're stopping at eight so they have two reps in reserve exactly and so we can correspond that with your rating perceived exertion so if we're saying we need you to hit an eight on our scale of 1 to 10 of rating perceived exertion we see it correlates with um that eight with two reps in reserve so it's a way of quantifying what you're doing in the moment for a squat or a deadlift or some other really heavy lift that you're trying to accomplish as opposed to looking at um say percentage of one repetition maximum yeah saying you're going to move 70% of your one repetition maximum for six repetitions seems like that's a great thing as well but it's a little bit more complicated because you need to know your one repetition maximum doing one repetition maximums can be dangerous if you're not skilled in that especially with compound movements like squats and deadlifts okay so is there an across theboard recommendation for most people that they should generally train their sets in good form to failure to leave a couple reps in reserve what do you suggest for let's say women but this could also pertain to men uh and then that also depends on the age of the woman so if we're looking at the reproductive year so you know 20 to 40 then it doesn't matter so much you can periodize pretty much how normal periodization works with your mesocycles and your micro Cycles so you're looking at what you're doing across the few months what are you doing in the week are you lifting heavy power Based training but when we start to get to per menopause and we're losing all the flux of estrogen and estrogen is woman's testosterone the key driver for strength and power we have to look at lifting heavy so this is where we really turn women on to we want you to do something that is two reps in reserve three reps in reserve because your one rep max also changes depending on what kind of training block you're doing so you're finding that when you're talking about reps in reserve then it allows people to lift more on the day so we can get women to get into that strength and power-based type training rather than going let's lift to fatigue because then it might be 20 reps and that 20 reps doesn't invoke a big central nervous system response which is what we want it's more of that hypertrophy and muscle tearing you will gain some lean mass but not as much strength as if you were to invoke That central nervous system response and that becomes really critical as women get older because we need to def find that external response that's going to cause the same kind of strength and power adaptation that estrogen used to support interesting lots to talk about in terms of exercise but before we move on if the bad situation is a woman fasting drinking caffeine and training intensely but as you told us not as intensely as she would be able to otherwise what's the solution I imagine that solution involves ingesting some fuel MH what is a good example of a you know a pre-training um meal if you will and we could put some variation on that for people with different you know Tendencies towards omnivore or vegan or whatever uh but what is the timing of that meal relative to training that works best or and and I'm assuming there's some flexibility there yeah I mean like I'm the kind of person that gets up and is out the door within a half an hour to go do whatever I'm going to do so it's not like I'm going to have a full meal I've heard of people like you yeah mean meaning I tend to move slowly in the morning so I wish I could but the way my life is it doesn't work that way um so but I'm also one of the people that never really has an appetite till 11 o'clock okay so we're similar in that way yeah so how do you how do you square that so I make a double espresso at night and I put some almond milk and a scoop of protein powder in there so the almond milk is sweetened and usually it's unsweetened but sweetened for the carb and then the protein powder for the protein because because if I'm going to go do an ocean swim then I need some carbohydrate and protein on board if I'm going to just go to the gym then I'll probably just have the protein powder in the coffee yes I'm caffeinating but I'm also getting the calories for the hypothalamus and getting more circulating amino acids Abby Smith Ryan out of UNCC did some specific work looking at carbohydrate protein before and you know strength or cardio and found that if you're going to do a true strength training session you only need around 15 grams of protein before before you go to really help you get into the idea that yes you have some fuel on board and also increases your post exercise oxygen consumption or your Epoch so your resting metabolism stays elevated um giving you a better chance for Recovery post exercise as well if you're going to do any kind of cardiovascular type work up to an hour then you're adding 30 grams of carp to that so it's not a lot of food and it's not a full meal um other people are like I'm starving right before I go training then yes you can have your meal giving yourself about a half an hour before um but it doesn't have to be major food that we're talking about um but that's just enough to bring blood sugar up and and stimulate the hypothalamus to say yeah there's some nutrition coming in and then you have your real food afterwards you have your breakfast afterwards within 45 minutes as a neuroscientist I find it so interesting that at least some of what you're talking about with this pre-workout meal and perhaps most of it relates to how ingesting those calories impacts the brain protects those kisspeptin neurons we'll talk more about kisspeptin very interesting peptide as opposed to saying okay you need X number of calories because you're going to burn X number of calories I hate that conversation right which is a very different conversation um here what we're talking about is the neural aspects of being able to generate intensity also blunt cortisol and get the most out of training without putting the body into kind of a an Emergency State yeah yeah and the longer someone withholds food after exercise and the greater they stay in that catabolic or breakdown State the more the brain perceives it as being in a low energy state so the first thing to go is lean mass when you start telling a woman that you know if you're going to do fasted training and and or you're going to delay food intake afterwards while you're training because the first thing that goes is lean mass and it's really really hard for women to put on lean m M so once you start really nailing that and then saying look you just need 15 gram of protein to really help and be able to conserve that lean mess it's a small simple fix people try it and they're like oh my gosh I feel amazing so it's small little things when you're working with the whole system because I get tired especially around Christmas time when you're reading all the magazines it's like two cookies means you have to walk for 30 minutes on the treadmill it's like it doesn't it doesn't correlate like that at all um so that's why I was like like I hate the calorie conversation because it's just not applicable right and it has its own kind of um elements of being laced with neuroticism about calorie counting and then that can drift easily into the realm of Eating Disorders I did an episode about eating disorders some years ago and as I was researching that episode um I learned that people with eating disorders women and men um especially anorexia become like calorie calculators their eyes in their brain just are constantly evaluating the caloric load of food and it can be um obviously very intrusive it's also the most deadly of all the psychiatric conditions so it's um that's a long way from hopefully what we're talking about here but but there's the opportunity for drift whenever we talking about calorie counting in and out we of course believe in the laws of thermodynamics and calories in calories out but I love what you're describing here as getting the brain in a mode that the brain and body are protected so that one can invest in that high-intensity exercise and get the adaptations that one wants but not send everything down this pathway of um kind just becoming a computer of you know how much am I exercising what did I burn what did I earn it's it's crazy it's crazy um as long as we're talking about food and food intake relative to training what is the suggested posttraining um window um in which one should either avoid or make sure they get nutrition um meaning how long does one have after let's say a resistance training session of about an hour seems to me that's what most people are doing if they're investing in resistance training maybe plus or minus a what 20 minutes yeah um and they're hitting those um high-intensity sets where they have maybe just one or two repetitions in reserve maybe going to failure on a few of those SES what do you recommend women eat after they train so we know that women who are in their reproductive years need around 35 grams of good protein highquality Lucine oriented protein within 45 minutes and we see that women who are per menopausal onwards are 40 to 60 grams because we become more anabolically resistant to food and exercise as we get older um when we look at like the recovery window for food there are definitely sex differences because we hear all the conversation of there's no recovery window it's you know it's old science but we look at the research of when women's metabolisms come back down to Baseline meaning that they have constant straight blood sugar levels versus men women it's within UH 60 minutes and for men it's up to 3 hours so when we're looking at the data that says there's no window per se for getting food in it's based on male data so when we're looking at women women we have this tighter window to stop that breakdown effect and start the reparation um so yeah it's like when we're talking about the protein intake it's really important not only to get that Lucine content up in the muscle to start the reparation and repair but also again to signal that yeah we're in a building State we're not holding that catabolic State and increasing all the repercussions that come with it so women should try and get 30 or as M much as 40 maybe 50 grams of protein depending on their age m post training within an hour of training yep men seem to have a longer window they could wait an hour two hours maybe even three hours yeah before ingesting protein what about carbohydrate we look at mixed but for men it's more important because they go through their liver and muscle glycogen so much faster than women so when we look at women we want to get around3 grams per kilo um of carbohydrate within 2 hours of finishing so we look at prot and people like well that's a big dose of protein how do I get it all in it's like yeah well you can look at how we mix all of these things you're also getting carbohydrate in with that so that's why I say you could have your next meal after your training session um yeah there's a time and a place for protein supplementation but if you're getting that real food in then you're also getting you know your magnesium and your potassium and your sodium and all the things that people supposedly lose and you're able to also repair a lot better as many of you know I've been taking ag1 for more than 10 years now so I'm delighted that they're sponsoring this podcast to be clear I don't take ag1 because they're a sponsor rather they are a sponsor because I take ag1 in fact I take ag1 once and often twice every single day and I've done that since starting way back in 2012 there is so much conflicting information out there nowadays about what proper nutrition is but here's what there seems to be a general consensus on whether you're an omnivore a carnivore or a vegetarian or a vegan I think it's generally agreed that you should get most of your food from unprocessed or minimally processed sources which allows you to eat enough but not overeat get plenty of vitamins and minerals probiotics and micronutrients that we all need for physical and mental health now I personally am an omnivore and I strive to get most of my food from unprocessed or minimally processed sources but the reason I still take ag1 once and often twice every day is that it ensures I get all of those vitamins minerals probiotics Etc but it also has adaptogens to help me cope with stress it's basically a nutritional insurance policy meant to augment not replace quality food so by drinking a serving of ag1 in the morning and again in the afternoon or evening I cover all of my foundational nutritional needs and I like so many other people that take ag1 report feeling much better in a number of important ways such as energy levels digestion sleep and more so while many supplements out there are really directed towards obtaining one specific outcome ag1 is found ational nutrition designed to support all aspects of well-being related to mental health and physical health if you'd like to try ag1 you can go to drink a1.com huberman to claim a special offer they'll give you five free travel packs with your order plus a year supply of vitamin D3 K2 again that's drink a1.com huberman at some point there was a lot of discussion about training fasted burns more body fat uh I think now most people accept that that's not the case that perhaps the percentage of fat as fuel is increased when one trains fasted but that overall in terms of loss of body fat it doesn't matter if you train fasted or you train fed correct okay I think um that can't be stated Enough by experts like you um that doesn't mean that if one prefers to train fasted or with a minimum of food in their gut that they can't do that I like to train fasted but I what I'm hearing is that women should probably ingest at least some protein high quality protein and maybe drink the protein in a protein shake yeah um form if they don't want to ingest solid food yeah I think the easiest way for people to understand the basic idea of what low energy is and how this affects men and women is when we're looking at um a Tipping Point for endocrine dysfunction for men we're seeing that Tipping Point at 15 calories per kilogram of fat-free mass for women it's 30 so when we're looking at Baseline calorie needs before you really get into that endocrine dysfunction when you're looking at those parameters you can see why men do better in a fasted state or a low calorie state but for women our intake and especially our carbohydrate needs are so much higher because we have so many other functions that are reliant on that kisspeptin up regulation or down regulation preferably up regulation um so when we're just talking the basic calorie needs and what we're seeing it's that dichotomy right there of 15 to 30 and when you start telling people that they're like oh okay I get it is that a biological aspect it's like well you could trace it all the way back where you know men went out to get the calories in most tribes and the women were home and it wasn't advantageous to be pregnant under low calorie intake that's why you have dysfunction when the calories are too low but you know you can also feed forward to modern day now and you're seeing that all this perturbance of hormone and the way we regulate hormone across the Circadian rhythm requires more calories for women than it does for men I know some men that basically don't eat all day and then eat one meal in the evening and they'll train in the morning that's inconceivable to me because within an hour or so of training I'm hungry uh which brings to mind what we mean when we say training uh I'm a big believer in people everybody getting ideally two or three resistance training sessions in per week and two maybe three cardiovascular training sessions per week that would be ideal yep um one could potentially do more probably not a whole lot less before you run into long-term health issues that you could offset but I think most people can fit those in and I'm very frankly delighted that nowadays there's such a push for women and men to resistance train that wasn't the case when I was growing up for you know I recall taking my sister to the gym for the first time and was like I think she was the only woman in the gym when we were in high school yeah except for a few female bodybuilders and she said well I don't want to look like that and I said well don't worry you're not going to look like that um but now you go to a gym and women are lifting weights men are lifting weights it's great it's terrific I've seen the evolution right when I was 16 one of my friends Brothers was a bodybuilder and he took us to the gym of like what you did with your sister and so both of us were like well we want to beat those guys so we got into weight training with them not to be bodybuilder but it's been like the Paramount throughout all of my athletic career used to be I'd be the only woman on the lifting platform and now it's like you have to wait because there's so many women on the lifting platforms I love it it's great yeah it's awesome as I mentioned before I've had female training partners and they they kill it yeah they um it's a lot of fun to have a um female training partner also because um not only is it cool to see the progress they can make really quickly which surprises them often you know I think a lot of women think that okay it's going to require external androgens or it's going you know and and what you pointed out that there are some barriers to women putting on mass quickly I think I've noticed that strength increases can come really quickly why is that it's a central nervous system aspect there's a lot of like if we look at the culture of how a lot of us grew up and I'm saying us like 45 plus right the women were all the 90s supermodels don't show muscle that kind of stuff so always been gravitated to cardio even now if you go to a gym and you're a new member you're signing up for a new member and you're a woman they'll say hey great here's all of our spin classes and our box fit classes they still doing that yeah and there's a cardiovascular machines a guy comes in like all right how much do you want to put on here are the lifting platforms all the you know the weight trainings at the back starting to see a shift with Boutique type gems but that's still the commonality there so it's still that little bit of taboo so when women start strength training they haven't been exposed to that kind of central nervous system stress before and the whole aspect of getting the nerve and the acetylcholine which are are little vesicles that you know hold the ability for the nerve to actually stimulate the muscle fiber all that gets trained really quickly so the more that you train it and the more muscle fibers that are recruited for contraction you see an increase in strength really rapidly and slowly building on that for increased muscle bulk because it takes a long time for women to put bulk on uh because the driver for strength training is that Central Nervous System um so it's great when we see higher doses more volume we aren't seeing huge hypertrophy we're just seeing really good increases in strength whenever somebody male or female is concerned about growing too big too fast um I always remind them that resistance training is unique among different types of exercise in that because of the blood flow to the muscle during the exercise session the soc called pump yeah you get a window a transient window but a window nonetheless of what the hyper could look like if you do everything else correctly in terms of recovery so provided that the um the size of the muscle during the training session is not aversive to you yeah you're okay you're good yeah um which is unique among you know training it's not like when you go running you get a sense of being much faster you actually get the opposite effect you you feel the burn in your lungs and and the pain of of hitting the wall of your limits and then hopefully if the adaptation takes place then you can push past that next time but with resistance train you get a liter Lally a physical picture and a and a sematic feeling for what that hypertrophy could look like yeah that's why on your physique competitions and bodybuilding competitions they're out the back pumping before they go on stage so we've been talking about training but we haven't really spelled out what you would suggest a novice perhaps an intermediate um resistance training cardiovascular training um program would look like in in Broad terms I realize we don't have time here to get into all the DET you WR this elere and refer people to those teric resources and the show note captions but um what would you like to see women doing and maybe we can break up the the age brackets because it sounds like this is something that um is resurfacing again and again here um women let's say 30 and younger women 31 to let's say 40 and then let's say 41 to 60 and then maybe 61 and on in terms of how many sessions of resistance training per week is it whole body training how many sessions of cardiovascular training and what sorts of examples could could you give yeah so if we're looking at that 20 20 to 30 year old a lot of times I really try to get them to focus on the whole movement aspect first so we phase them in same with older women phase them in learn how to move learn complex movements so that when you are going in to do resistance training preferably three to four times a week you can look at moving well and it doesn't have to be a long period of time if you're doing to failure which works really well when you're younger to increase strength and a little bit of hypertrophy you're going to have to spend a little bit more time in the gym so it might be 45 to 60 minutes when we're looking at doing that four times a week you can add in a Sprint interval training at the end of one of those to get that super high intensity or you can look at putting in at the most two hit sessions from on separate days if you're training specifically for something so if I work with a lot of endurance athletes still and they're like well how do I fit it in it's like okay well we look at the Quality and how that fits into your training so if you're training for a marathon you're training for a triathlon or other endurance stuff you can take that high-intensity work and put it into your training program so ideally we look at three to four resistance training with really good movement when we're in the younger set with two high intensities when we start getting into our 30s we start having an eye to how are we actually doing that resistance training instead of just going and doing a circuit we're really focusing on let's do some compound movements let's look at doing some heavier work let's look at how we are periodizing so we're having you know six we blocks and we're building on those blocks because we want that base foundation so when we get to be 40 plus we can actually go and do our powerbase training if you're in your 40s you've never done resistance training at all then we take between two weeks to four months to really learn how to move well because there's a higher incidence of soft tissue injury and overall injury as we get into our 40s because of perturbations of estrogen and ideally when we get there we're looking at that around three minimum three resistance training with compound movement and either one Sprint interval or two Sprint intervals and one hit in a week and just to remind people compound movements multi-joint movements squats deadlifts uh chin-ups rows overhead presses bench presses Etc as opposed to isolation movements where only one joint is is moving yeah yeah and for everybody in all those age ranges that you describe are you suggesting they train the same muscle groups three or four times per week or do some sort of split where it's upper body lower body take a day off or upper body take a day off lower body take a day off whatever that what might work for them yeah what works for them if you're looking for short amount of time in the gym because of busy lives then you can split it if you're looking at okay well I can allocate an hour to an hour and a half in the gym then you can do total body with adequate rest um the key when you're younger is working to failure the key when you're older is working heavy interesting yeah so when we're looking at working to failure we're trying to get more of that lean mass growth with strength when we get older because it's so difficult to put on lean mass we really want to focus on the strength component because that becomes more important when we're talking about longevity because if you're looking at the strength component from a central nervous system standpoint we see it feeds forward into better appropri reception attenuation of cognitive decline and this is the other thing that you in Neuroscience would understand the sex differences in things like dementia and Alzheimer's there's some really interesting research looking at strength training and that power-based stuff when we're getting into our older ages because we get more neural growth patterns and more neural Pathways even some interesting literature about emphasizing some unilateral movements as people get older not just um dual limb movements or dual limb simultaneous movements you always want to train both sides of your body folks but um so if I understand correctly younger women should train to failure try and generate strength and hypertrophy as women get older they should emphasize more strength training leave some repetitions in reserve but train heavier yes it makes so much sense what you're saying yeah um because what we know about the nervous system as we age is that there's some atrophy or at least some weakening of neuromuscular connections and the upper motor neurons in the brain that control the neuromuscular Connections in the spinal cord out to the muscle yeah um there's something really sticky about this idea in terms of longevity that I don't think anyone else has ever said no the thing about it is men age more in a linear fashion whereas women we have a definitive point in our late 40s early 50s where all of a sudden things go to where it's that per menopausal State and I can't tell you how many emails and DMs I get in a day from women who are like I'm 46 or I'm 47 I'm putting on body fat I don't know what's going on I can't sleep and then when we say it's per menopause they like what is that and so when we're looking at per menopause it is a huge change in the body because you're having less and less of your sex hormone circulating more and more an ovulatory Cycles means no progesterone or very low progesterone you're having a difference in the pulse of your estrad to those Flatline aspect effects and because every system in the body is affected by it this is why you see more soft tissue injuries like two of the biggest things that women who are in their 40s are going to ptas about her frozen shoulder and pler fascia those are two really indicative issues that are happening in Parry menopause so that whole section of mid to mid 40s to early 50s is a definitive aging point where I really tried to get women to get into the heavy lifting and get into the patterns of polarizing their training not putting an emphasis on zone two just really looking at how am I polarizing how am I affecting my central nervous system so that when they get into that one point in time of that perimenopause their body is already conditioned for the stress that's coming whereas men we see that kind of stuff happens in their late 50s early 60s so the soft tissue injuries the change in body comp comes at a later time so yes looking at how we're scoping our strength training definitely something to think about in a longevity Factor but for women it's a there's a better indication of the timing across the ages of when you should start implementing for men I think you have a better bandwidth of when you should start implementing for women who are not on hormone replacement therapy and we did a previous episode about per menopause menopause and hormone replacement therapy but if it comes up again and again today that would be wonderful because these are important underd discussed topics absolutely for women that are not on hormone replacement therapy who decide to train heavier maybe do a bit more training volume not train to failure they're making sure to not let their cortisol Spike too much by making sure they have some pre-workout nutrition some post-workout nutrition would they be wise to be very careful in how much cardiovascular exercise they add to that meaning there seems to always be this risk of overtraining and as you pointed out for various reasons cultural reasons historical reasons um around exercise I my observation is that most women sort of unless they know better default to cardiovascular exercise as opposed to resistance training so if a woman in her 40s late 30s to let's say 50 is doing two to four sessions of resistance training workouts per week and they also really like cardio or they feel they want to or should do cardio should they be careful about how much cardio they're doing and is there a best form of cardio should they really emphasize the high-intensity interval training should they avoid zone two we should probably also Divine for people what zone two is if they if they don't already know um so I am notorious for slamming things like orange theory and f45 because they mark it specifically to that age group of women and it's not appropriate because it's not true high-intensity work when we're looking at women who are really trying to maximize body composition change and Longevity and unfortunately default to cardio because they think oh that's going to help change my body composition is going to help me lose body fat it doesn't is this things like Soul cycle as well okay I've never done any of these yeah um but I imagine there's a lot of spinning a lot of moving a lot of sweating and a lot of quote unquote calories burned emphasis yes there is but it's it puts women squarely in moderate intensity where they're so used to leaving one of those classes feeling absolutely smashed that when you tell them actually that training doesn't work for you because it's putting you in a state of intensity that drives cortisol up but it's not a strong enough stress to invoke the post exercise growth hormone and testosterone responses that we want to dampen that cortisol so this is why we have that hyperbole of women who are in their 40s plus shouldn't do high intensity work it's like well actually they shouldn't do moderate intensity they need to avoid that polarizing absolutely that's what we want we want true high-intensity work which is 1 to four minutes of 80% or more or if you're doing Sprint interval it's full gas for 30 seconds or less and you're doing that a couple of times a week you're not doing it every day because you need to have enough recovery to hit those intensities trly because those are the intensities that are going to give you those post exercise hormonal responses to drop cortisol when we're looking at women who are like oh well I love going out for hours and hours on my bike and I love you know doing my spin classes it's like okay but we need to look at the big rock here if you are looking for longevity and body composition change and cognition and all those things you have to polarize your training and that has to be the focus but soul food like I come from a long background of endurance I now love riding my gravel bike on the weekends for long periods of time which is not optimal for me my age that kind of stuff for all the things that I want to see improvements in but mentally it's great so we talk about going out for that long stuff zone two is at low conversation and that's fine for mental health and being out in nature but for Optimal Health and well-being we don't want to do that we want to look at resistance training as a bedrock and true high-intensity work to help with body composition change metabolic control insulin sensitivity brain health and dropping that cortisol I have family members who are women who are thin because they love to walk and they just walk a ton um and they eat well um and enough but they are resistant to resistance training and if they do pick up a weight it's usually some very light dumbbells do a few curls a couple tricep extensions and aren't really um leaning into the higher intensity work yeah I think this is pretty common and my observation is that it's common not because they couldn't be incentivized to do the higher intensity work but that learning the complex compound movement like how to squat properly or even leg press properly y um deadlift properly can be a bit overwhelming especially when one walks into a gym this is true for men too like all this stuff all this equipment all these bodies and these people look like they know what they're doing it's like if I were to go into an advanced like kitchen or or um Symphony and you know all these instruments I don't know how to play yeah so what's the best line of attack for somebody who really wants to overcome this uh longevity barrier because clearly resistance training proper nutrition work yeah and the cardiovascular exercise piece is a little bit more intuitive walking you do it faster you're jogging you do it faster you're running yeah yeah um the bike the soul cycle class Etc it's just it's easier in terms of the mechanics one can still get hurt but it's just more straightforward is there a way that in the absence of a budget for a personal trainer that somebody can learn how to do these movements and as you said ease into them over the course of even up to four months in a way that they can be confident that they're unlikely to get hurt yeah and really build up their capacity to do real work that can benefit them yeah this is where I love technology for one thing but if we're staying really basic I look at some of my family members and I've gotten them started with just body weight stuff or loading a backpack with cans to add a little bit of resistance so they feel comfortable in their own house and they might be doing lunges or squats um just keying them up of like where foot placement and knee and that kind of stuff so they're getting used to that kind of movement um I love Kelly starett's stuff with Mobility so show them like here's how we do some of the mobility to find where the sticking points are and then you can either direct them to some of the programs that are out there that um like Haley happens has some really good ones for women or 40 plus so does um uh Brie and then Sunny Webster down in Australia you can send in a video of what you're doing and he can critique you and tell you things to do there are other programs like that too um so there's lots of ways of getting help if you seek it the personal trainer is very much a stumbling block for a lot of people and as much as I am not a fan of Planet Fitness I am a fan of the fact that they've made it really easy for someone to walk in who's interested in resistance training and they can go to a circuit one of the circuit things that they have at the back and they can start resistance training on machines which is another level up to learning compound movements so there's lots of ways of breaking that barrier to entry you just have to find the motivation factor of what's going to incentivize the person to give up their time walking every day and taking time to go to the gym or taking time to do garage based stuff that's going to improve their lean mass I'm a big fan of machines especially plate loed machines but machines just create the close to correct or correct Arc of movement yeah that um so for your size yeah yeah yeah exactly and to really spend the time adjusting the seat height adjusting the various um pins on the machine not just the weight in order to make sure that one gets the best range of motion I think this is something small but that is significant in terms of its impact people just pop down in a machine especially if you're working in with somebody and feel um especially beginners will feel pressured to move quickly and they won't adjust the seat height and so it's just all wrong for them and all it takes is a little bit of time to you know and ask people you know how to adjust the machines I'm also a fan of kettle bells in in the garage or light lighter dumbbells that you can do like thrusters or hang cleans or something like that to get the the momentum and movement feeling um because that's another good learning curve for people um so like I said there's lots of ways that you can Implement Things based on someone's intuitive like or dislike of resistance training so you've mentioned polarized training if I understand correctly this would be a woman doing three or four days of high-intensity resistance training for 45 to 60 or 45 to 75 minutes per session and then at the opposite extreme maybe just walking a lot or jogging a lot so is that what you're talking about polarized training as opposed to um these other forms of training where it's designed to get people sweating like crazy breathing hard for long periods of time but neither putting them at the in the landscape of inducing muscle strength adaptations and hypertrophy adaptations nor really taxing the cardiovascular system enough to create you know an increase in longevity for instance when I talk about polarizing I look at the high-intensity strength like that's really hard on the central nervous system and then we look from a cardiovascular standpoint of doing true high-intensity work so the walking is more of the recovery so if you're going to go out and do something long it has to be very very easy if you are looking at cardiovascular and you want that big sweat then we are talking true Sprint interval training so what I have a lot of women do is a 20 minute lower body heavy set and then they'll go on the assault but and do as hard as they can for 30 seconds and then recover as much as they need to to go then do another 30 seconds as hard as they can most people go oh I can do four or five of those after two they're completely gassed because it's that hard of work and that's what I mean by polarizing you have very very low intensity for recovery and super super high intensity for metabolic and cardiovascular changes is what we're after I'd like to take a quick break to let you know that the huberman lab team has launched a new podcast with host Dr Andy Galpin Andy is an expert in exercise science and Human Performance and has Longman a fan favorite on the huberman Lab podcast this new podcast is called perform with Dr Andy Galpin and it dives into topics such as how to build muscle and strength how to improve your cardiovascular health and how to optimize recovery and sleep for performance and much more Andy is an absolutely fantastic educator and true expert on all things human performance I know you'll thoroughly enjoy his new podcast and learn a ton of useful Knowledge from it so please check it out and give it a subscribe wherever you're watching or listening to podcast now again the podcast is called perform with Dr Andy Galpin let's talk about the menstrual cycle yeah and how that impacts training at the level of Psychology and Physiology meaning Mo and of course the two are linked they're inextricably linked for instance is there a particular phase of the m cycle where a woman should expect that motivation Andor recovery would be more challenging so this is the sticky point of recent science because we see all these research studies and met analyses that are coming out of the sports science literature saying that there is no effect of the menstrual cycle on anything when you look at that population it is specifically you menic women might have an a subject pool of 10 if you're lucky 12 so this is women who have quote unquote normal menstrual cycles humanic supposedly ovulating so they have a definitive low hormone and high hormone phase and this is probably because these studies are being done on University campuses with with college undergraduate women yes exactly yeah which is a typically is in a given age range right okay and they look at performance meaning that one point in time and we know that psychologically you can perform at any point in the menstrual cycle unless you have something like heavy menstrual belief um when we're looking at a higher touch and looking not only from a molecular aspect but also pulling in mixed methods and looking at the qualitative we need women to track their own cycle and find their own patterns because we know that there are times where you feel like crap and you can't push intensity but that might be on day eight for one woman it might be day 18 for another from a molecular standpoint we know that theow hormone phase being day one is the first day of bleeding up through ovulation which is Midway through your cycle you have a greater capacity for pulling in and accommodating stress physical and mental stress so if we're looking at doing heavier loads we're looking at doing high intensity work we're looking at motivation then that low hormone phase is really optimal for trying to hit a PR trying to hit a new speed because you can take on that stress and you're immune system handles it your muscles handle it your core temperature everything handles it so for most women in the weeks before their period they're going to feel more robust except right up until the point of um of menstration or the inverse it is day one a bleeding up through midcycle that feel great yep the sticky Point comes not every woman ovulates and this is a thing when we're looking at will pop we have lifestyle stress we have nutrition stress we know that women for the most part have four to five an ovulatory Cycles a year so this is where when you're looking at that high hormone phase we can't say you're definitively in the high hormone phase so this is where we need women to track their own cycles and understand their own patterns because in an Ideal World we know that in the ludal phase this is where where we have the most change where we have a pro-inflammatory response from the immune system we have uh inability to access carbohydrate as well we have a higher sympathetic drive so there's lots of things in there that aren't so fantastic for accommodating stress so broadly speaking the ludal phase is associated with more cortisol more kind of Baseline levels of stress would it makes sense for a woman to try and offset some of that with a bit more nutrition during that phase a bit more perhaps complex carbohydrate we know that some complex carbohydrate can blunt some of the cortisol response maybe just even a little bit more attention to eating yeah absolutely I mean core temperature goes up but the whole goal of the ludal phase is to build tissue so this is where we're seeing a lot of shuttling of carbohydrate and amino acids to go to build that endometrial lining and that's the whole goal so yes you need to eat more protein you need to eat more carbohydrate but again the sticking point is did you ovulate or not so if you aren't aware of if you ovulate it or not you're tracking your own patterns then just be acutely aware that in about the week before your next period comes you really need to be amping up carbohydrate and protein um because that's going to help you hit intensities it's going to kind of level that playing field especially on days where you feel like you can really hit those intensities you feel great but then you go to do something and your heart rate's higher than it should be you don't feel that that you can hit those if you're offsetting it with some increased carbohydrate beforehand and you're going to hit it so it's again it's really dialing it back down to the individual now because we don't have enough robust research to make generalized ideas because of the Nuance of have you ovulated or not what are your ratios of estrogen progesterone in that ludal phase so when we bring it back down to the general pop it's like the best thing to do is to track your menstrual cycle over sleep over how you're feeling find your own pattern patterns and dial in your training in your days according to what your pattern is how hard should a woman push through the mental and maybe even physical resistance to train less or not train during a given phase of the cycle getting depends on how she feels what we can't rely on are things like heart rate variability because we know that changes with the autonomic nervous system change progesterone it's a good indication that you've ovulated because your heart rate variability tanks but it's not a good indication of what your body can do if you wake up I always say it's the 10-minute rule you wake up and you feel awful and you're like uh I really want to do this workout but I don't know how it's going to go give yourself 10 minutes if after 10 minutes you can't hit those intensities or you just feel horrible change it drop it down do something that's more recovery do something that's not going to be so taxing because we do have a limited amount of that stress Acumen of how much stress we can handle so if you're going to try to exert it all in a high intensity work out what do you have left over for the rest of the day and then that compounds because if you're always fighting it then you're going to increase this Baseline sympathetic drive because you're fighting the training you're fighting life so give yourself that 10-minute roll if it happens three days in a row that's okay because it's a very short period of time it's not going to last forever so a lot of women have this internal conversation of I have to do this and it's really based on some kind of external they think everyone's watching them but internally you don't have to if you give yourself permission you end up training better recovering better and getting better gains on the flip side if a woman is feeling spectacularly good should she just really push it as hard as she can or is there anything about the relationship between the hormone fluctuations of the menstrual cycle and feeling really really great that training hard can somehow disrupt the cycle and this is actually kind of the uh the old lore um probably myth I would imagine that high intensity resistance training is somehow detrimental to female hormone Cycles I don't think there's any evidence for that but I hear that from time to time um why do you think that myth came to be why do you think it propagates and what can we do to extinguish it if in fact it's not true it's not true we see it comes from a misstep and food intake and we also see that it's a cultural influence because if we think about how sport started it started as a way for men to demonstrate how powerful and aggressive they are and this is the original Olympics right there are no women allowed and as we feed forward into Sport and how it became okay for women to be involved at the high performance level if a woman walks in and shows any fallibility then she's immediately put on a lower stool right no you can't you can't play with the boys because you have a menstrual cycle you're bleeding you're a woman you're a delicate flower so women would walk into that professional sports space and be excited if they were a menic or didn't have periods or they trained hard enough and their period went away because then they were more like men and they could play with the boys if you start bringing up menstrual cycle in professional sport now as of the past about four or five years it's okay to talk about which is you know what 2020 so that myth of high-intensity resistance training causing issues with the menstrual cycle one it's a cultural Nuance for push back against women being in that space But then the reality is women weren't eating enough to accommodate for that stress which then feeds forward to low energy availability maybe relative energy deficiency in sport perturbations in all of our menstrual cycle hormones so it's not the act of the high-intensity resistance training it's the act of not fueling appropriately for it and then getting the okay to not have your period because yeah now you're you're in with you're training hard enough you've lost it you're more like a man wow um very interesting history there is it true then that if a woman maintains either um caloric balance with her basically eating enough to support her energy output or even a slight caloric Surplus that it's unlikely that um her periods will cease even if she's training very hard very often correct so it basically boils down to calories in calories out fuel for the task at hand because some people want to have a slight calorie deficit even in high training and if that deficit is at night away from training maybe 150 to 200 calories then it's going to help perpetuate body fat loss not lean mass loss and it's not going to interfere with recovery it's the fueling in around the stress meaning they exercise stress it's really important but women have been so conditioned to not eat and not take up SP space to be small you know all of these sociocultural things that women are afraid to admit the fact that they want to eat and they should be eating so this is a a a Nuance within the fitness community that we're really trying to change and get the mindset around you train hard you eat well and your body responds in kind app tight body temperature and hormones are very tightly linked yes they are um far too tightly for us to uh disentangle all of those in a single conversation here but as you're describing the urgent need for women to fuel enough with the proper fuels to train hard enough to stimulate the correct adaptations that they need I imagine that the shift in appetite and body temperature that occurs across the menstrual cycle is also going to play into this meaning there will be phases of the menstrual cycle where women will be just naturally less motivated to eat enough carbohydrate enough protein in order to get the most out of their training what phases of the menstrual cycle are those um so that women can pay particular attention to make sure that they're fueling enough yeah um as estrogen starts to come up right before ovulation that estrogen surge really dampens appetite uh it also has a an interplay with our appetite hormones which is part of the reason why we don't have that great of an appetite it holds after ovulation estrogen dips you get hungry it comes up and people are like I have some Cravings which are driven by progesterone because your body needs more calories but at the same time with the elevation of estrogen you're not hungry you have cravings but you're not hungry interesting yeah so it's trying to disconnect those it's like your appetite is something that will come back of course once you eat but Cravings are more of a of that psychological capacity of yeah I my body needs more but I'm not quite sure what so to get women to understand what's happening across the board it's always coming back to Let's fuel appropriately for the exercise and even if you're not hungry if you are fueling appropriate appropriately at that point in time if you end up with less at least you've stopped that breakdown State the catabolic state so we don't get those perturbations in the hypothalamus that's my biggest concern for women is really taking care of that signaling from the brain to the rest of the body and if we have fuel on board even though we have appetite perturbations and if you go do a really hard workout in the heat you're not going to be hungry either but if you're having a cold protein drink after that hot workout you're taking care of that immediate need to shut down the signals that we need to break down things let's talk about one of the many third rails of um discussions online which is birth control yeah and we need to Define exactly what type of birth control we're talking about because there are so many different forms yes there are iuds there are the copper iuds there's the ring there's the you know let's talk about oral contraceptives that are designed to prevent ovulation so this is quote unquote the pill y so we're being let's for now limit the conversation to that so that there isn't confusion um share with us if you will your thoughts on these how they impact any of the things that we're talking about or anything else from that for that matter can we have another history lesson please all right um I just gave a talk at home to some young athletes on contraception because someone might be on the depot and if they're on it for more than two years they get bone mineral density loss so then the question of okay how does the oral contraceptive pill come up how does that affect things it's like well let's look at the history of it initially came from Stanford was funded by um Katherine McCormick from McCormick family and a feminist activist Margaret Singer but because they were women they couldn't get in the lab so they got a guy from Stanford to develop the pill and he's like you know what we need to put in a placebo week so that women feel like they're having a bleed so if we're looking at the three active pills and then the one sugar pill week it was by Design to make women feel like they are having control over their menstrual cycle and they would still have a bleed but it's not a true bleed it's a withdrawal bleed so this becomes the confusing point for people who are on an oral contraceptive pill they're like I get my period it's like no you don't because the idea of the hormones that are in an oral contraceptive pill is to downregulate your ovarian function so that you don't ovulate so you have a whole different hormone profile from someone who naturally Cycles so this depends on the type of oral contraceptive pill you are using for the most part monophasic is the one that's most prescribed so that means the three weeks of the active pill is the same dose of estrogen progesterone and then you have your sugar pill week or your withdrawal week and then you start again when we look at the repercussions of using oral contraceptive pill in active women there's a higher amount of inflammatory responses and oxidative responses so from a training standpoint no one's done the study yet but I would be interested in doing this of looking at how that impacts adaptation you do end up with a new Baseline of this when you start taking the pill but we're not really sure how that impacts adaptation we also look at the progestin component of the oral contraceptive pill because we have four generations of progesterone first generation was really high dose and has a lot of risk factors not really prescribed that much second generation is the most prescribed and this is the one that people just take it's in your IUD it's in your OC uh has the least amount of side effects and then we have a third and a fourth generation the fourth generation is primarily used for women who have really bad PMS or pmdd which is your um premenstrual dysphoria Disorder so significant mood issues because that progestin has a direct effect on a lot of the dopamine receptors in the brain as well the third generation is very androgenic so we see that in in some preliminary research that improves speed and Power by the second week of intake because it's accumulated so when we're looking directly at an oral contraceptive pill we can't make generalizations because you have low dose highd dose estrogen we see that a 30 microgram dose increases hypertrophy but not strength because estrogen increases the satellite cell aspect ECT um so for my power in Olympic athletes Olympic lifting athletes that's a detriment because they'll put on muscle mass but no strength so we've had to look at changing their OC or getting them off for women who have breakthrough bleeding that higher incidence of or that higher intake of estrogen is is really beneficial so we look overall at how it impacts women from an athletic standpoint it's so variable in the hormone profile that we can't make generalizations we only look at the very high performance athletes and what's happening up there because that can make or break an athlete so from the general touch point we don't know enough like the beginning of this year 2024 there was a study that came out looking at changes in the amydala that happens with oral contraceptive use it's reversible in adults but for young girls we don't know because their brain is developing and unfortunately Physicians will pass out OC's as if it's candy OC's or a contracep contraceptives and do you recall what the direction of the effect was on the amydala for those that don't recall the amydala bilateral brain structure meaning one on each side of your brain uh literally means almond in Latin it's almond shaped and it's part of a larger Network associated with threat detection um sometimes it's described the locus of fear in the brain but it's involved in a lot of other things too both positive veilance and negative alance but nonetheless is part of the um threat detection system elevated levels of arousal which is why it's often discussed in the context of fear anxiety Etc it increased fear in women who were on the OC oral contraceptive pill made them less um willing to take chances and when they went off it they're like why couldn't I do that before so that's why they started looking at the Amala and when I say we're looking at young girls and again we don't know what's happening is it reversible in young girls that are put on it or not because of the brain structure changes that are happening um so when we talk about an oral contraceptive pill I want people to understand that it has a significant effect on the body not just reproductive we don't know enough about all the other effects so I have parents who say my daughter wants to go on the oral contraceptive pill she's having irregular periods she's a athlete we want to be able to control it and it's like if there's a issue with your menstrual cycle now it's still going to be there when you get off it so we have to look and see what what's going on here if you're looking to get on it to control your menstrual cycle why because we know that you can have an increase in your V2 Max and other an anerobic capacity when you are not on it so you have a better top end capacity when you're not being blunted by these hormones and then the other conversation is oh my skin it's like well they have really good Dermatology that can help you with that you don't have to go on an oral contraceptive pill but unfortunately GPS don't understand all of that and if a girl comes in and says I'm having irregular Cycles heavy menstrual bleeding I want to go on the OC here you go so it is a huge conversation still we had um I put it in the same category as menopause hormone therapy because there isn't enough research to address all the population needs and we see these big pendulum switches so before it was like everyone be on the OC and now it's like maybe not and then it was no one be on menopause hormone therapy everyone should be on it but we need to land in the middle and understand more of what's happening with these exogenous hormones is there any evidence that other forms of female contraception can be let's just say problematic for the types of things we're discussing today like the implant in the Depot or IUD copper IUD copper I and the Marino or you know your progestin laced IUD those are what a lot of my tactical athletes will use because it doesn't have a systemic effect on adaptation or inflammation mood any of those things um and it's a fit and forget so you can put it in for up to 3 to five years if you have a really heavy bleeding it really dissipates because the whole idea of an IUD is to thin the endometrial lining and so then you have autophagy that takes care of the endometrial lining so you don't necessarily have a bleed the copper IED is different because you do have really heavy bleeding for the first three cycles and then it attenuates before we got started today you mentioned some very interesting pioneering studies on evaluating menstrual blood itself as a window into some larger themes about what's going on physiologically maybe even psychologically um now might be a good time seg to uh just touch into that we can always return to it again later but let me just ask it um more directly what are some things that can be measured directly from menstrual blood that are informative for women and it sounds like there's a new generation of at home tests that might be interesting and informative for them to think about yeah well if you think about menstrual fluid everyone thinks about it as a discard product but it's a very good indicator of what's Happening from an endocrine standpoint gives a really good indication of what's Happening from an endometrial standpoint so if you're looking at all the cyto and the proteins and the tissue that comes from it it's a huge indicator that's naturally discharged that we're now looking at for determining HPV do you have it or not what about proteins for PCOS can we really identify PCOS or endometriosis can we talk about PCOS for a moment most people have heard of it by now but polycystic ovarian syndrome It's associated with typically elevated androgens um it's becoming more and more common or perhaps detected more based on better detection methods I don't know which um the prevalence of PCOS seems to be very very high it does and I think it's a combination of both uh we also see some rebound PCOS that happens when someone gets off the oral contraceptive pill it's not necessarily true pcus because what's happening now your ovaries are producing eggs m that have been downregulated for so long so under ultrasound it might look like PCOS but it's not necessarily true indication the other is more and more women are starting to eat more and so they're coming out of low energy availability if you have more carbohydrate you end up with greater folicular stimulation which also shows up as PCOS so the true PCOS yes there is a high incidence from a reporting standpoint but is it that rebound where it's not having all the androgenetic changes that's still kind of up in the air at the moment um but it is a big concern for women because it is an indication that something's going on and they might have some fertility issues uh we see a really high incidence of PCOS in Olympic level athletes because of the higher androgenic aspect of PCOS so better recovery time a little bit higher Baseline testosterone um so yeah it's a population spec specificity as well in the 80s and 90s there was a lot of excitement in the kind of neurobehavioral Endocrinology Fields largely based on animal literature but then expanding into human literature that certain forms of activities could change hormone patterns and maybe even psychology and that makes sense on the surface of it but is there evidence that um if somebody engages in say high-intensity training or competitive scenarios this has been explored a lot in men but I'm wondering if it's also been explored now in women that androgens go up you know I mean there's been these studies I don't know how good they are of you know um people on the stock exchange you know watching their stress fluctuations measuring testosterone I think most of those studies were done in men um but other competitive scenarios even showing for instance that exogenous testosterone can increase altruism in men if men are competing for who's like donating the most money at a Phil philanthropic event but you put them in a different scenario where it's far less benevolent in in goal and then they'll uh exogenous testosterone drives competitiveness towards um things that are more traditionally thought of as male male competition uh in other words it's all context dependent um is there anything that kind of Springs to mind of interesting studies as it relates to androgens or uh estrogens in women athletes and as it relates to exercise they haven't done any specific studies like that in women we do see that under stress the cortisol increases and if you have an adequate uh response to it and your body can overcome it then yes you get a boost in testosterone for women um we see this in a lot of the night Mission shift changes in tactical athletes there is also uh I guess a lessening of circulating estrogen so the pulse changes when we start getting to the end of a really strong training block because we're starting to have a little bit of a down regulation of our leutinizing hormone pulse and estrogen um but it shouldn't be severe enough to cause menstrual cycle dysfunction what we want people to do is look at the ratio of their estrogen progesterone and keeping track of luteinizing hormone if they are at that point where they are going to have a really big training block so we look at pre-season during season end of season and people who might be at a higher risk factor for becoming a menic then we keep track that way um because it is the stress component that can downregulate not actually causing a permanent change as we talk about menstration we should probably talk about iron stores and um Iron yeah um do women need to supplement iron given that they lose iron during menstration it's interesting because we have a change in heepen or heidin depending on which part of the world you come from uh because it is increased under times of inflammation and decreased under times of iron loss so we see a a significant change across the menstrual cycle so I tell women if you are concerned with low fertin then we want you to take an iron supplement every other day starting in the first day of your bleed for 10 days because that's going to really allow your body to absorb it and stay on top of it um after that every other day yeah but you're not going to be absorbing as much of it because hepsin starts to come up after ovulation again you have a pro-inflammatory response so you have greater inflammation do women blanket need a supplement no because we see fatigue isn't necessarily just iron related there's so many other reasons why women are fatigued the one problem is the Baseline levels for like ferien for active women if you go in and you have a fertin level of 20 to 25 they're going to say it's normal but we'd rather see you up around 50 so if you are in that low end of normal then supplementing will help you get up into that 50 and see if it makes a difference if a woman is going to get a blood test to evaluate testosterone estrogen lipids metabolic factors Etc and she can only afford to do that at one point during her cycle and compare at various times maybe every six months or once a year even at that spefic specific time of her cycle is there a Best time in cycle to do that blood test uh if I'm limited to say that then I would say 5 to seven days before her next period starts so mid ludal because then you get a good indication of estrogen progesterone Peak testosterone doesn't fluctuate as much as those two so you're going to get a good idea what Baseline testosterone is and we know that there's a greater inflammatory response so anything that's outside of the norm of that upper elevation of inflammation you're going to be able to to pick out um so yeah I would say if you could only do it at one point in time that would be the time to do it and if she can add a second blood test at a different phase of the menstrual cycle where would you place that second test day two of the menstrual cycle second day of bleeding to get a really good indication of what your true estrogen level is at Baseline and if she measures her hormones at those two times within the cycle do you think that's sufficient to um get 75% plus of the relevant data yeah definitely terrific caffeine yes in the old days yeah meaning when I was a kid and not long ago 10 years three weeks ago um we would hear these crazy statements about caffeine it pulls calcium out of the bones it's you know you'd hear this stuff I did a whole episode on caffeine I'm a big fan of caffeine but I do warn people that if they suffer from anxiety or they're going through a particularly stressful life event it can raise the activity of the sympathetic arm of the autonomic nervous system you'll feel more nervous you're more prone to panic yeah when you're drinking caffeine but um many people love caffeine I think 90% of the adult population of the world ingests some form of caffeine every single day I'm in that 90% yeah likewise making it the most consumed drug worldwide is caffeine safe for women I suspect based on what you just said that the answer will be yes but are there um case conditions where women should be cautious about their intake of caffeine independent of this anxiety thing I mean people probably shouldn't uh drink more caffeine than they can uh tolerate psychologically no one male female young or old yeah yeah it's more of a genetic Factor than it is a sex Factor uh so I mean both men and women will be fast metabolizers slow metabolizers or not have an effect that becomes the bigger Rock of them what we do find is in that per menopausal State women will become more sensitive to the blood sugar fluctuations that happen with caffeine so they're used to having coffee in the morning and with something then halfway through their workout they become a little bit hypoglycemic because there's changes in um insulin sensitivity insulin responses so there's changes also in blood sugar control and caffeine can exacerbate that so if you are someone who's like oh I always have a double espresso before I go workout and then halfway through I'm really hypoglycemic I'm really dizzy and lightheaded I don't know what to do feel sick or nauseous yeah yeah eat some food eat some food with it what about sipping caffeine through the workout um you know taking that coffee in and just having a SI between sets can that offset some of that uh I don't think so okay I hear a lot that people who drink caffeine before a workout you know Midway through they're like I don't feel good yeah yeah cuz they don't eat that for me that just stimulates the desire for more caffeine but um or even how dare I say a half piece of nicotine gum which I experimented with but I was told and this is why I'm not going to continue to do it not only is it very habit forming it actually is such a Vaso constrictor that uh I was told by a dermatologist that it's terrible for skin even if you're not getting your nicotine by smoking vaping dipping or snuffing so this this big Trend now toward ingesting nicotine as a stimulant and cognitive enhancer and performance enhancer I think people should at least be aware of the negative effects on skin never would have known because I'm not a nicotine person I'll tell you that half piece of nicotine gum is um the first time you do it it's a it's an unbelievable experience it's the it's like your first real cup of coffee oh really wakes you up yeah and dials you in I I recommend nobody do it because it's it feels that Pleasant if you like caffeine I like Shandra for that reason Shandra yeah what's Shandra it's an adaptogen I me I should know what this is you you should know what this is I should know well I'm here to learn okay um Shandra Shandra uh yeah so it is an adaptogenic plant so you know like jining siberian jining maah asaga all those buzzword out there Shandra is another really well-studied adaptogen and I have friends who say it's like Aderall where you take it and it's immediate fun focus and function because its main goal is to regulate dopamine serotonin and cortisol so it gives you gets women and men out of that brain fog gives them incredible Focus do you use it yep are you on it now I put it in my morning coffee okay uh you just sent people down the uh the rabbit hole of the internet of the internet all right yeah yeah you heard it here first from Dr Stacy Sims I'm going to give it a try because the nicotine thing is an interesting one and there are some cognitive enhancing effects of nicotine that perhaps in um people 65 and older might actually be beneficial for offsetting some forms of neurod degeneration but that needs to still be explored and researched don't cut that and clip it and put it out there like so that's happened already um very interesting all right caffeine we both agree is great Shandra you got to try it check it out let me know all right we'll do cold yeah for reasons I still don't understand people have Associated me or this podcast with deliberate cold exposure I like deliberate cold exposure in the form of a cold shower or a cold plunge or an ice bath mostly for the effects that occur afterward meaning more alertness a kind of semi- euphoric Buzz that goes on a long long time no I don't think it increases metabolism significantly enough to have a meaningful difference but the long long lasting increases in the so-called catac colines dopamine or epinephrine and epinephrine to me are pretty impressive and I just like the way it makes me feel so that's the main reason I believe why people do deliberate cold exposure and every time I do a post about deliberate cold exposure I get asked understandably so how does it affect women differently than men and then I usually get questions about rod syndrome oh yeah yeah so is there a difference in terms of how Del cold exposure impacts women I have to imagine the answer is yes given what you said earlier about Vaso constriction versus Vaso dilation but deliberate cold exposure like it hate it what do you think do you recommend it for women I recommend it for Open Water swimmers who might experience that vagal response when they first dive into the cold I prefer heat for women everyone's a responder to the heat you get better adaptations so sauna yep sauna hot tub yep preferably a true finish sauna infrared doesn't it warms the skin but not the core we want thank you for saying that I'm not a big fan of infrared sauna cuz it doesn't get hot enough no yeah you can bring an infrared light into a traditional sauna if it can tolerate the heat yeah but finished sauna would be what something between 185 degrees Fahrenheit and maybe 210 if you're really heat adapted yeah I'm still working on Metric let me do the conversion oh sorry yeah you're living down in New Zealand now yeah so 60 to 80 degrees C I need to look every time I've tried to do math on the fly on this podcast in my head it's like okay * 9 different processing mode yeah but people can look it up yeah okay look it up um so the thing with cold water exposure is the whole conversation about ice cold ice baths and how cold it is it's too cold for women because when we're looking at that severe immediate jump into that icy cold it causes such severe constriction and shutdown so women do really well and get that whole dopamine response and everything if the water is around 16° C which is 55 to 56 degrees Fahrenheit which is chilly it's chilly it's not warm no it's go dive in San Francisco Bay right and that is enough to offset that severe constriction survival but it is cold enough to invoke all the changes that we want with cold water exposure so it's a temperature Nuance that's that sex difference and like I said when I have Open Water swimmers who are going to do a long swim or they're going to do a triathlon and the water is colder I have them do cold water exposure especially face exposure into the cold water um to get them habituated to that initial severe constriction and sympathetic activity that we don't want to happen before a rice with heat being the true like true heat that we're talking about with sauna we see a lot of metabolic changes for women so we're having better insulin and glucose control we're seeing uh a better um expression of our heat shock proteins and the uncoupling and and the rebuilding of those proteins that are cardiovascular responses and then for women as we get older and have the offshoot of hot flashes night sweats that kind of stuff if you're doing heat exposure you're sending a stronger stimulus to the hypothalamus and you're also getting a better serotonin production from the gut because we have 95% of our serotonin produced from the gut which lends to better temperature control and shuts down hot flashes I think some people might be confused by the idea of using sauna in order to reduce the hot flashes um so I'll just remind people that your brain has a set of neurons in the medial preoptic area that's sort of a thermostat if you will controlling core body temperature and if you heat the surface of your body your medial preoptic neurons say oh let's cool down the core of the body now if you stay in that heat too long you'll cook your your body core body temperature will go up but conversely if the surface of your body is made cold the internal milu of your body will heat up because those medial preoptic neurons will say oh you know this this is like putting an ice pack on the uh thermostat which is what um graduate students and post talks used to do in the labs side working because it was a battle over the the heater right some people were in hot some people were in cold so there was always this this business in any event um so it's not that you disapprove of the of using deliberate cold exposure you just recommend that women do deliberate cold exposure with temperatures that are maybe in the um low 50° Fahrenheit um Range as opposed to the really H frankly just painfully cold for anybody um you know 38 to you know 50 degree temperatures right we did a pilot study looking because Wim Hoff has been down to New Zealand quite a bit and so you know his breathing and ice bath stuff has been making the rounds and working in the high performance people wanted to do that but we have few athletes that have really severe endometriosis it's like well we could look at using cold exposure to help control that and what we found over the course of this study was that if we were to do deliberate cold exposure around ovulation and then hold it for 10 days over the course of three menstrual cycles it attenuated the endometriosis because endometriosis is an inflammatory disease right so if we're looking at inflammation process and growing the tissue if we can dampen that inflammation and create a response that learns that inflammation and dampens it then it helps with endometriosis interesting that's another Avenue that we really want to take when we're looking at Cold deliberate cold exposure wow fascinating as a cautionary note if anyone is going to explore Wim Hoff type methods um please please please do not combine cyclic hyperventilation um or hyperventilation of any kind with breath holds and water exposure not even in the depth of a puddle um there have been drownings associated with people doing cyclic hyperventilation in various contexts not just related to Hof breathing but um basically people who are not skilled um and even some who are skilled combining cyclic hyperventilation breath holds and water in any form cold or warm water idea just don't if you're going to do any kind of cyclic hyperventilation breathing my labs actually published on this in a clinical trial do it on dry land or don't do it at all and if you're going to do deliberate cold exposure um limit your breathing to slow deep breaths make sure that you're um well supervised and um just stay alive please yeah so we didn't incorporate any of the Wim Hof breathing we just Incorporated the deliberate water cold water exposures cold and temperature generally is such a potent stimulus and it's exciting that people are starting to explore this especially the in my opinion the the sauna work uh one thing I suppose that we should um discuss very briefly before we move on since we've been talking about resistance training we've been talking about deliberate cold exposure there is evidence that doing deliberate cold exposure not so much in the form of a cold shower but in the form of a um submersion up to the neck post strength or resistance training say in the four but probably the eight hours after resistance training because of the attenuation of the inflammatory response which sounds like a great thing it actually can inhibit some of the strength and hypertrophy gains that one would otherwise experience so if you're going to do deliberate cold exposure best to not do it in the eight hours or even on the same day after resistance training geared towards developing strength and hypertrophy increases no problem to do it first in fact maybe even some performance-enhancing effects of doing it first there's some athletes that stand for doing that but just want to throw that out there is there anything else you want to add to that um which is different from heat exposure because heat exposure you want to do afterwards the phas of dilation yeah because it extends that training stimulus and also the passive dehydration from training will stimulate greater blood volume improvements oh interesting so after a good weight training session if one has the luxury of doing it get into the sauna for up to 30 minutes make sure you're hydrating you want slow rehydration because part of it is that dehydration and the decrease of oxygen at the level of the kidney to stimulate more EPO so with more red cell production you have natural increase in plasma volume so it's a blood volume expander o so now we're getting into Real Performance enhancement is this true for men and for women yep yeah uh let's walk through this protocol I like I like this this is uh this has not been discussed on this podcast so um somebody does their resistance training M finishes up drinks eight or 16 ounces of water with a little salt in it maybe and then hops in the sauna yep for how long up to 30 minutes okay no longer no longer no longer yeah they'll probably be a little bit thirsty in there you're looking for a little lowlevel dehydration is that right yep okay um the ranges that I've seen published in the finished studies are as I recall and I'll double check these numbers 186 degrees Fahrenheit up to about 210 Fahrenheit um and the higher end only being for those that are heat adapted yeah one can cover their head with a towel and actually feel more comfortable because the brain is insulated the surprises people they think putting a you know something on their head would make it excessively warm but you actually protecting your brain from some of the Heat and people will put a towel over so that they when they breathe it doesn't burn the inside of their nose and their mouth either um I'm always like if you're going to be in and it's that hot just move down a level so on the floor y y um and this stimulates the production of more red blood cells MH okay which then translates to what in terms of athletic performance you have an increase in your cardiovascular effort and because you have greater amount of blood volumes you you have greater amount of pretty much blood circulating so you have more available for um muscle metabolism heat loss um so it's akin to going to altitude so people will go to altitude to get that blood volume boost but not everyone responds to altitude you have responders non-responders over responders okay this is why when I go to Colorado I'm gasping for air while I do a walk but then I come back to C Level and I feel better my endurance is better but some people might not experience that effect true this is I was telling the guys before we started that I've been in ARA at home in preparation for going to Park City because I live at a beach town and going to Park City I am a significant responder to altitude and I won't be able to have coherent meetings at altitude if I am not adapted so okay yeah so this explains why when I've gone to meetings in Colorado at altitude some people can have a drink that first night and they're perfectly fine even though they normally live at sea level and I'm trying to trying to see the stairs correctly even though I don't drink y that would be it very interesting so you can use post resistance training sauna exposure to improve performance yeah you can use it um post cardio as well so anything that is giving you that passive dehydration from training because you're not because you will become passively dehydrated when you're training right you can't keep in as much fluid so I'm saying passive as in you're not able to stop that dehydration and then you go into to the sauna and you are extending that training stimulus because your heart rate is elevated you're putting your body under stress from dehydration and the body responds in kind of we need more blood volume so let's let's jump start that I love it logically watertight and um I'm going to give it a try yeah what other training T tricks tips do you have up your sleeve Dr Sims what you want to talk about um do you have any favorites besides that I I Delight in these and I know other people will as well um do any come to mind I mean you've T us about Shandra um about posttraining sauna exposure to improve performance by increasing red blood cell count yeah there is there anything else that Springs to mind no no no pressure uh I'm a fan of what I call the track stack that we used to use for track athletes but then for really significant high intensity work so track stack is kind of the idea from the old bodybuilding set where you're taking 200 milligrams of caffeine uh lowd dose baby aspirin MH but then I add beta alanine used to be a fedrin I know so I'm I'm old enough to remember when they would sell it as the triple stack with a fedrin but some people dropped dead and they took it off the market y hey it came back on the market in New Zealand last week did it really yeah it gets you going yes it does it's um it's Speedy y um it's dangerous yeah but the track stack which has beta alanine and not ephedrine is really good at encouraging an extra top end effect because you're having the caffeine you're having a little bit of the blun blood thin from the aspirin and then the vasodilatory properties and the carnosine aspect for muscle contraction from the beta alanine and so like training for gravel races in the top end Sprint you do a couple of Sprint sessions with that and it's increasing your training stress during the training so your adaptation is to that higher stress should anything be done in terms of recovery to make sure that you offset that additional stress that's achieved with this track stack yeah um just making sure that you're not stacking two days in a row of high intensity work like really making sure that you're recovering well because it is a significant stress on the body what about sleep we hear so much these days about the importance of sleep for mental health physical health performance I think this is a great thing a great Trend are there female specific requirements for sleep that vary across the menstrual cycle Andor by age or just generally you know do men and women need to think about the need for Sleep differently yeah um part of it is the obvious like when you're talking about sleep temperature right women and men have variations in their sleep temperature and what's optimal so looking at that like you need to create an environment for you that is cool comfortable which is probably going to be different from your partner who might be sharing your bed so that becomes a sticky point we talk about the menstrual cycle there are definitive changes in sleep architecture we're seeing that in around the mid ludal to the premenstrual so you know that about 10 days before your period starts significant change in your slow wave sleep there's less of it latency is increased so you have a longer time to get to sleep and you have more light sleep so overall you know less of that deep recovery sleep and this is where women tend to have more of their mood issues too because of estrogen's play with serotonin in the brain so we really need to nail down our sleep hygiene in that time period um so looking at things like eleanine and appenine and looking at your room temperature and the screens and all the things that you've talked about for the most part about sleep and sleep hygiene super important and then of course as you get older in both men and women becomes more difficult to sleep but we see significant issue with insomnia in women who have really bad hot fleshes and significant uh menopausal symptoms and again this has to do with lots of the perturbations from temperatures of night sweats increased sympathetic load um not being able to get into a parasympathetic state so this is where working with a specific sleep specialist might come into play we can also look at using some adaptogens the Rola stacked with theanine um and looking at the cold temperature getting people to use the non-sleep deep rest or Yoga Nidra or some other kind of meditative property that they can then access when they're in bed so there's a lot of different things that we have to be aware of um and again in that par menopausal State we see that significant change in sleep and sleep architecture and quality of the sleep but men don't have the same thing so women have to be a little bit more aligned with what's happening from a hormonal profile standpoint because it does definitively affect serotonin melatonin and sleep architecture because of the interplay that estrogen has on the brain and The receptors makes very good sense we'll put a link in the show not captions to some zeroc cost um non-sleep deep breast yogan nras we've put out a couple with my voice if you prefer another voice I a big fan of the ones by Kelly boy who's contributed to um The Waking Up app it also has terrific um non-sleep deep breast yoga nras out there and there are S as well um you mentioned a few supplements theanine um appenine which is chamomile extract um maybe let's just have a general conversation about supplements what's your thought on supplements um how do you place them into the landscape of nutrition they are after all supplements not Replacements but um the word supplements I I believe is a little bit misleading um because there are food-based supplements you know like a protein powder um there are supplements designed to achieve a specific Al come and then there are supplements that are kind of a um designed to be a more you know support for a bunch of things you know kind of insurance policy um what are some of your favorite supplements in any of those categories specifically for women and perhaps even specifically During certain phases of the menstrual cycle Andor per menopause menopause I just threw about nine questions at you okay the number one is creatine creatine for women doesn't matter what age it's really important we're seeing a lot for brain mood um and actually gut health so five grams of monohydrate per day sort of to five three to five yep um preferably of course Crea pure because the way it's produced so if you're looking at Crea pure it's the German company that produces it uses a water-based wash to produce the creatine interesting whereas others use an acid-based wash and we see a lot of side effects with the acid base wash like gastric distress yeah so people are like I'm really bloated and I have nausea and stuff from taking creatine I'm like is it Crea pure actually no it's like switch to creapure and so they switch and they're like oh my gosh I feel so much better noted yeah um and then vitamin D3 really important especially um when we're looking at all the information that's coming out from cardiovascular muscle brain everything that goes with vitamin D also with iron so vitamin D is really important for absorbing and maintaining iron stores uh so those are the two big ones and then sorry I just wanted to stop you for a moment um as it relates to creatine I hear two general lines of concern one I hear more often from women my understanding is that because creatine brings water into the muscle as well as supporting the phosphor creatine system of the brain the water into the muscle component means yes people who take creatine 3 to 5 grams per day will gain a few pounds of body weight that's solid body weight in the form of water within the muscle so solid in air quotes it's water but it's within the muscle um so they should know that um it's not a given though interesting it's not a given there are some women on the lower dose of three that don't experience the water gain okay and this is not bloat like water subcutaneous water this is water within the muscles correct so it will be uh stored within lean tissue um and then I do hear concerns about creatine uh causing hair loss I my understanding is there is zero evidence for that no evidence there is a smidgen of evidence that it might increase dihydrotestosterone levels but it's like one study marginal increase and then people linked dihydrotestosterone to hair loss and so then the the conclusion people drew was that somehow creatine increases hair loss but you're saying zero evidence no evidence we see that women who start taking it midlife are complaining about it but it's actually a progestin driven thing we see progesterone and fluctuation progesterone can exacerbate any hair loss so if women are experiencing that and they're saying oh it's creatine I've read all this stuff on Creatine no it's not okay so we've got creatine D3 um a th000 IUS per day 5,000 IUS I guess it depends a little bit yeah uh being very close to Antarctica in the southern hemisphere in the winter uh very low sunlight exposure um looking around the 5,000 same with upper Northern Hemisphere UK that kind of stuff closer you get to the Equator the less you need the one concern is like a day here where it's foggy and it's supposed to be sunny and people are like great I don't you know don't have to worry about going out in sun exposure but then the next day it's bright and sunny and they're like ooh sunscreen so they put sunscreen on and not getting the right sun exposure so then again it is a lifestyle thing so basic is two to 5,000 great Okay so we've got creatine vitamin D3 what are some of the other supplements that you um that you take or that you I don't know if we say suggest but that you um perhaps suggest women consider yeah so protein powder a really good high quality uh because the amount of protein that women should be getting is often difficult to eat um so again supplementing not using as the main stay uh that's one to consider and then again I'm about adap so looking at the different adaptogens ashanda is a good one holy basil or Tulsi is another one Shandra and then getting into some of your medicinal mushrooms Lions man Rishi those are the two big ones that I look to and often have women use if these adaptogens blunt cortisol because certain ones do like ashwaganda which by the way I do think people should cycle if they're going to take it high doses right cuz there are some ISS issues with liver and thyroid and thyroid problems if people take ashwaganda high doses for too long so that's um important to note but assuming that the adaptogens are reducing cortisol levels um in addition to doing other things is there a particular time of day or night that people should consider taking them should they avoid taking it early in the day my understanding was that you you want a bit of that cortisol uh bump early in the day but you certainly want cortisol lower later in the day yep and I think the problem is people think that they don't want any cortisol and they think that would be bad that would be bad they don't understand that the body has fluctuations of cortisol throughout the day and that's normal if we're looking at having issues with sleeping and that anxiety provoked from that sympathetic drive and elevation to cortisol let it peak in the morning after you're waking up and look late afternoon like 4:00 when it starts to dip to take your adaptogens then because then it feeds forward to being able to relax more which feeds forward to better sleep for something like Shandra where you're looking for that brain Focus you can have it in the morning it doesn't necessarily have as big an impact on cortisol that you see with something like Tulsi or ashanda because Shish is more stimulatory the other two are more calming um I put some in my morning coffee and then in the afternoon when I need to pick me up instead of more caffeine I'll us Shandra because it gives you that boost without the effects of caffeine and it doesn't interfere with sleep so there's a time and a place to take them and yes some need to be cycled on some need to be cycled off but I tell women what are your main symptoms what are the things you're looking to control and we can look and see what kind of adaptogens we can use and how we place them what's the story with pregnancy and training yeah you um is there an official word on this you know uh assuming a woman knows that she pregnant from the very beginning of missing a period where she's in a position to make decisions about training or not training training at a given intensity or or not um what are your recommendations the human body is really interesting and when you get pregnant your body tells you what you can do so we see that you have a reduction in your Anor robic capacity on purpose your body's trying to be protective you do have an expansion of your blood volume so endurance is really good but you can't do high-intensity um when we're looking at the general guidelines that are out there they've gotten rid of the heart rate rule they are now telling women to be as active as they can be without creating injury and without trying to make gains so that means if you're in the weight room you're not looking to improve you're looking to maintain if you're doing cardiovascular work and you have a specific class that you love to go to yeah but don't beat yourself up that you can't hit that high in intensity you're going for the social aspect you're not trying to gain Fitness you're trying to maintain I think the very worst possible scenario is someone who superactive and stops doing everything because they're afraid because then they get deconditioned and then they end up in a worse State than someone who was sedentary who's now encouraged to walk during exercise um it hasn't been well researched because you can't get ethics to study pregnant women very well so we go on a lot on um case studies and cas study notes and the bottom line of it all is you stay active and you can do resistance training you can do all the cardiovascular work and your body will tell you what you can and can't do I've been asked whether or not pregnant women can do deliberate cold exposure probably no fewer than 2500 times on social media and I never have an answer and but I always default to the cautious answer which is uh please don't until you talk to somebody who actually has an answer yeah just because it sounds like a very precarious situation but in all honesty I don't know I'm just biing time there and just saying please go ask somebody who can give you a definitive answer yes so we see women who have a high risk for miscarriage that anything that they do that's incredibly stressful for the first 12 to 20 weeks will put them at a higher risk for it so being very cautious especially with cold because we know that there are so many different nuances doing something like hot yoga when you're pregnant is not there is a research so it's not detrimental yeah because when we're looking at blood flow diversion that way when you have slight hypoxia to the placenta and to the baby there is a rebound effect that increases the vascularization so that the baby has better nutrients we see this also with like exercise and exercise intensities this is why people people are now saying you need to have some kind of blood flow change and increase in core temperature to create these vascular effects within the placenta to improve nutrient and nutrient delivery to the developing fetus so Heat's good cold I'm not so sure of but probably not extreme heat not extreme heat so that's why I mean like hot yoga is not going to the sauna Hot Yoga sits around 40° Celsius so what is that just around 100 degrees Fahrenheit and in that situation if you're feeling too hot you leave you lie down on the floor don't try to stay for the whole class um but it's not going to be detrimental unless you're pushing yourself too much again everything in moderation especially when you're pregnant it's almost the inverse of what we know for males which is if men want to conceive they should avoid the sauna because we know that heat is detrimental to sperm viability in a in a real way so much so that I tell guys if they are trying to get their partner pregnant that they should bring an ice pack into the sauna they should insulate that ice P don't put it directly on the scrotum for for other reasons but that it's a you know that the effects of heat the negative effects of heat on sperm are are real yeah but there's also an interesting it's not just a trend there's actually some research showing that um cooling the testicles leads to increases in testosterone which is on the face of It kind of um counterintuitive because turns out that it's about the Vaso constriction causing the subsequent increase in blood flow increased Vaso dilation so the inverse of what you just said which is that during the heating process the hypoxia induces more vascularization of the of the placenta yeah so um when talking about temperature one always has to think about the surface of the body versus the brain response as we talked about earlier and then what's happening during the delate heat or deliberate Cold versus what's happening after the deliberate heat or deliberate cold right everything in biology is a process not an event yeah and I should make full disclosure I started as an environmental exercise physiologist and my PhD was all in heat and heat research so I'm a little bit biased towards heat but I've done a significant amount of research in the hot and cold thank you for the disclosure uh I see it more as a uh as an indication of of real knowledge so thank you this is an aspect of your training I I knew a little bit about based on your Publications but I didn't realize the depth of knowledge so we're all benefiting here including this earlier protocol of sauna post training you can bet a lot of people are going to start incorporating that I think we might need to name that I've done this from time to time named protocols um because people are reluctant to name them after themselves maybe we call that the um the uh The Sims protocol or something like that the anyway your discomfort will be other people's U benefit now seems like a good time to address some specific questions related to the age brackets that you mentioned earlier um in anticipation of sitting down with you today I asked some different women that I know you know if you could ask the world expert in exercise physiology hormones and um and nutrition Etc as it relates to women one question what would it be and one of the most common questions I got in the 50 and up category was what is the most efficient way for a woman older than 50 to train for the maximum health span and lifespan benefits I love this question because I get it all the time we have to turn our brains away from everything that's been predicated before to this point so if we're looking for longevity and we're looking at what we want to do when we're 80 or 90 we want to be independently living we want to have good propri reception balance we want to have good bones and we want to be strong so this is where we look at 10 minutes three times a week jump training so this isn't your Landing softly in our knees this is like impact in the skeletal system uh a colleague in friend of mine Tracy kle did a PhD and um post not a postto but post research on this and is developing an app on it to show women how to jump to improve bone mineral density over the course of four months of this type of training people have gone from being Osteo um pic to normal bone density so it's a different type of stress so if your concern is that which a lot of women do have a concern because they lose about onethird of their bone mass at the onet of menopause wow yeah significant yeah goodness gracious if you don't do something as an intervention so we see a lot of women are like oh I'm going to go on menopause hormone therapy to stop um bone loss yeah it can be a treatment but I always look at an external stress that we can put on the body that's going to invoke a change without Pharmaceuticals so jump training heavy resistance training and Sprint interval training those are the three key things and from a training standpoint and then from a nutrition standpoint getting protein protein is so important when you start telling women they need to look at around 1 to 1 1 G per pound which is around that 2 to 2.3 G per kilo per day they're like whoo that's a lot of protein it is because we haven't been conditioned to eat it few scrambled eggs it's a chicken rest at lunch it's a small steak at dinner plus other things right exactly and it doesn't all have to be animal products I mean you're looking at all the different beans and things that you can put together and that's the other big thing that in order to build the muscle and to keep the body composition in the state that we want it to keep going for longevity those are the big rocks the Sprint interval training the heavy resistance training the jump training and the protein I'm thinking about this and I'm thinking about my my mother who's 79 years old she'll be 80 at the end of June and is in good health walks a lot Gardens does some yoga but does none of the things that you're describing so Mom please I'm gonna I'm going to um send her to listen to this s in the same vein yeah what about the women out there age 20 to maybe we make it the 20 to 40 bracket um and if we need to divide that more finely we can um um what is the most efficient way for them to train for health Vigor and Longevity uh making things fun for the most part I don't want people think that it's a chore so if you're someone who's been told you need to run and you hate running then don't run like that's common sense and I say that because I see little kids in non- US countries that have to run across country and you see these kids when they're six years old and all running around the field and they're the the kids that hate running that aren't natural Runners and then they hate physical activity for the rest of their life so I put that in like when you are exercising you want to find something that you find fun when you're in your 20s to 40s you have more room to get away with things that might not be optimal for you when you start to get older big rock again is resistance training it doesn't have to be heavy resistance training like I said earlier to failure you're periodizing if you want to do a block of Olympic lifting go for it if you're like I'm not comfortable doing that kind of lifting I want to do more machine stuff great but we want to make sure you're changing it up all the time to keep things moving and shaking with regards to strength and hypertrophy and then it becomes more of are you training for something that's endurance are you looking for just longevity for brain health we need to have some lactate production because women as I said at the beginning of the podcast are more oxidative we don't have as many of those glycolytic fibers so what we're finding in older research is that there's misstep in brain lactate metabolism because the brain hasn't been exposed to it especially if we're looking at women who are being studied now it hasn't been in a societal context to do that kind of work the younger we are and the more that we can keep our our glycolytic fibers going by doing high-intensity work the more we're exposing our brain to lactate the better we see fast forward to attenuating cognitive decline and reducing the plaque development of Alzheimer's this is why women who are in their 40s plus I want them to do the Sprint and the high intensity work for that lactate production start early because then you can take some of those type two B fibers that could either go more aerobic or anerobic and make them more Anor robic so those are the two big things for women who are younger and then you can play around with the other things if you want to be an ultra endurance athlete yeah not really ideal but yeah you can do that that's fine you'll recover well now forgive me because you've said it several times throughout today's discussion but I really want to drive home a key point that I think for most people men and women is not obvious but is really important when you say high intensity you don't mean a class or a run uh where you're drenched in sweat and gasping for air at the end necessarily correct let's disambiguate high intensity from what most people think of high intensity which is a really hard workout a tough class where they had me moving the whole time doing a circuit Etc what does the appropriate high-intensity workout look like okay so uh if I talk about true high-intensity interval training if you're a runner it's going to the track and doing sets of 4800s okay so 400 a lap yep 800 two laps right so you're looking at between a minute and four minutes of of hard work at 80% or more with variable recovery so that's why use a track as a as an example so if you do one lap and you're like uh I'm going to walk half a lap and then do it again that's adequate recovery tough yeah it's hard right but it's not like you're going to be there for 90 minutes doing as many 400s as you can because you have that variable recovery it might take half an hour to 40 minutes max and then you're gassed out can't do it anymore if you're looking at a gym situation I look I I like to look at something like every minute on the minute where you might be doing uh 10 deadlifts at moderate intensity weight and it Tak 10 repetitions yeah so it takes you 50 seconds to complete that then you have 10 seconds to move to the next exercise that might be thrusters so you know a squat clean thrusters so it's a squat pulling the weight up overhead so you're doing maybe eight of those in that minute and you might have 10-second recovery you go to the next exercise that might be um kettle bell swings and you're doing explosive kettle bell swings and you'll finish you know 10 seconds to go you go to the fourth exercise I don't know toes to bar or some other kind of vup some other high intensity and then you have one minute completely off so you've had four minutes of really heavy work with maybe one minute completely off and then you repeat that three times and this is high-intensity interval training this is not what you would consider resistance training for sake of building muscle or strength correct you're using these loads these machines the the pike you know hanging from the bar and bring your knees up or lsit or something as a tool to get the heart rate up continually y y very different than resistance training the mo the way most people think about it correct so this is the cardiovascular high-intensity interval training and the subset of that is Sprint interval training and this is something that's really really hard and people don't get it I don't necessarily mean running it can be whatever mode of activity but it's 30 seconds or less as as you can go so this is your N9 or 10 on your rating and perceived exertion 110% it's Max effort on the rower on the airdine bike running if you like of those the skier the battle ropes battle ropes are big so 30 seconds all out then rest what 10 15 seconds repeat no you want to because now we're looking at that top end where we want uh regeneration of your ATP you know all of that system and central nervous system recovery so this is 30 seconds all out could be two or three minutes of recovery oh nice because I'm not looking at Tata where you're 20 seconds on 20 seconds off because that's not the intensity we want we want you to go all out and recover well enough to be able to go all all out again you're not leaving anything in the tank so those are what I mean by high-intensity interval training or or when you're looking at polarizing your cardiovascular work that's the top end those are the two examples of your top end and then your recovery is that long slow walking on another day where you're not going and doing a tempo run you're not doing a 5k easy jog because that put you in that moderate intensity and if I heard you correctly earlier you are suggesting most women do one or two days of high-intensity interval training plus 3 to four days of resistance training for sake of building strength and muscle which looks very different it's more warm up do a couple work sets you know two to four work sets of you know an overhead press two or four work sets of maybe a barbell curl two or four sets of some dips or whatever whatever um one's you know personal choices yeah okay got it um very different Far and Away different than what most people men or women are doing out there which is um a lot of StairMaster treadmill jogging maybe some Lifting for hypertrophy because I look at the general consensus of what's out there in the fitness world is all based on Aesthetics and body composition and so people have this mentality of I need to be hypertrophy to Get Swole and I need to do long slow stuff on the cardio machine to lose body fat but that isn't what we're after we're after let's create really strong external stress to create adaptations not only from a neural and a brain standpoint that's understanding it but but also feeding down to metabolic change because if you have a really significant high stress we see epigenetic changes within the muscle that increase the amount of what we call the glute four Gates so you know the proteins that open up that allow carbohydrate to come in without insulin so we're expanding that acute um glucose uptake through an epigenetic change the other thing that it does is it causes a an acute inflammatory response that your body learns to overcome and it's really important for women to do that because as we start to lose estrogen we lose a significant anti-inflammatory agent so this is why we see that increase in the visceral fat especially when we're hitting your your mid-40s onwards is because now you have this increase in free fatty acids and the inability for inflammation to come down so the muscle cell is going I don't know what to do with this so get circulated to the liver and the liver stores it as visero fat whereas if you do that high intensity work it creates that change within the muscle to understand pull that in let's use it let's also bring more carbohydrate in and more glucose in use that which helps use free fatty acids and it also creates a significant anti-inflammatory response at the level of of the mitochondria and within the cell itself which is what estrogen used to do so if we look at those external stresses it's not about body comp and Aesthetics per se it's about the molecular changes that we want to invoke to get that body composition and the brain health that allow us to be 80 or 90 and independently living and in terms of nutrition you mentioned women should shoot for 1.1 1.2 grams of quality protein per pound of body weight what other types of foods do you like to see women ingesting so um are you a fan of fruit yeah great well these days you sort of have to ask in these circles uh vegetables y yeah fiber is important yeah absolutely and then in terms of starches to um to replace glycogen especially if people are doing these high-intensity interval training sessions and the resistance training um what are your preferred sources it depends on who I'm working with uh I have some people who love cocoa pops and kids cereal o i cringe at that stuff um but you know I prefer I prefer rice and oatmeal and I like a really good sourdough bread with butter or olive oil you know guilty of that yeah but there are some people who like the ultr processed stuff so I'm like okay if you really really need it then you can put it on top of your yogurt after training as part of your carbohydrate uptake it's the only time because glute four levels are so high you're basically pulling everything into glycogen at that point anyway um but ideally carbs are all the different colorful fruit in veg and if we're looking at sweet potatoes or Kuma if you're from other parts of the world yams all those kinds of things sprouted bread fantastic kenoa amorth all of those different types of things it's just staying away from the ultra processed and when we look at women it's really important to have a very significant diversity in the gut microbiome so we see there's a definitive decrease when we start to have hormonal shifts because of the way the gut bugs help deconjugate or unwrap some of our hormones and shoot them back out in the circulation so as much fiber colorful fruit and veg as you can but also it's the 8020 rule right 80% of the time you're spot on 20% is life because otherwise where do we get our chocolate and our whiskey and there's some data that chocolate is good for us especially the the low sugar dark chocolates what I look at is how it makes you feel makes you feel good right yeah yeah we one has to live yeah um and fats um where do you like to see women get their fats from again I'll do a full disclosure I have been um vegan since I was in high school because of an incident of a field trip to a pig slaughter house and driving down the five but that's my own preference so when we're looking at fats um it can be from a lot of different sources I prefer women to have most their fats from plant-based stuff not because I am plant-based but because of the effect it has on the body but there is a time and a place for animal fats too um um the whole fear mongering of saturated fatty acids from dairy has been disproven so if we're looking at what kinds of fats you want a conglomerate but you want most of them to come from Whole Food plant-based not from Ultra processed um and then of course you're reaching for some real butter you're reaching for some 4% fat yogurt or something like that to complement your avocados your nuts your seeds and your olive oils that all sounds very r and delicious in my opinion yeah it's it's too Common Sense people don't do it I think if people hear it from you they'll do it um I think people just need to hear it in the context of a non-diet um context and you've done an amazing job today of explaining how nutrition fuels training training fuels changes at the level of the muscle the liver Etc that allow one to ingest more fuel in fact a lot of what I'm hearing is that women should probably ingest more quality fuel to offset these cortisol spes and feel better while training and to train more which um everyone agrees provided it's done properly is is great for us kind of a fun hopefully fun question for you if you had a magic wand and you could get all the women uh on earth now and going forward to make a change or changes you don't have to pick just one in terms of nutrition how they think about their hormone cycle exercise Health span lifespan what would it be I think I would have everyone understand their intrinsic selves because we have been inundated so much with sociocultural rhetoric and so much external noise that women have forgotten what it means to listen to themselves and their bodies I mean that's the one thing that I have to retach women to do so often so if I could have a magic wand and have every woman understand what their bodies are saying and what their Cycles are saying and per menopause is normal it's everyone's going to go through it if you have had a menstrual cycle just to intrinsically understand what their body is so then they have the tool to be able to implement external stressors that's going to be beneficial for them well Dr Stacy Sims this has been tremendously educational for me and I know for everybody listening and are watching um you've taken us on an amazing tour of the best ways to train with cardiovascular training and resistance training those tailored specifically for women as well as touching into some protocols for both men and women that are immensely powerful talked a lot about the menstrual cycle I get asked about the menstrual cycle and how it relates to training and vice versa so many times and um thank you for providing clear actionable answers and you've also educated us on caffeine supplements including um revealing some supplements that I didn't know existed which is a which is a uh not a common occurrence for me yeah I win and um many wins many many wins thanks to you and on and on so just such a a rich data set here um presented with such Clarity and in an actionable way so on behalf of myself and everyone listening and watching I just want to say thank you I know I know you've come a very long way from the other side of the Equator not just to see us but given that your time is so precious um that you've come to visit us and share with us your knowledge I just want to say uh a really deep heartfelt thank you yeah thanks for having me it's been fun and we'll have to have you back again maybe we'll come to New Zealand you should come down definitely thank you thank you for joining me for today's discussion with Dr Stacy Sims to learn more about her work please see the links in our show note captions if you're learning from Andor enjoying this podcast please subscribe to our YouTube Channel please also subscribe to the podcast on both Spotify and apple that's a terrific zeroc cost way to support us and on both Spotify and apple you can leave us up to festar review please also check out the sponsors that I mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode that's the best way to support this podcast if you have questions for me or comments about the podcast or topics or guests you'd like me to consider for the hubman Lab podcast please put those in the comment section on YouTube I do read all the comments for those of you that haven't heard I have a new book coming out it's my very first book it's entitled protocols and operating manual for the human body this is a book that I've been working on for more than 5 years and that's based on more than 30 years years of research and experience and it covers protocols for everything from sleep to exercise to Stress Control protocols related to focus and motivation and of course I provide the scientific substantiation for the protocols that are included the book is now available by pre-sale at protocols book.com there you can find links to various vendors you can pick the one that you like best again the book is called protocols an operating manual for the human body if you're not already following me on social media I am hubman lab on all social media channels so that's Instagram X formerly known as Twitter threads LinkedIn and Facebook and on all those platforms I discuss science and science related tools some of which overlap with the contents of the hubman Lab podcast but much of which is distinct from the contents of the hubman Lab podcast again that's huberman lab on all social media channels if you haven't already subscribed to our neural network newsletter our neural network newsletter is a zeroc cost monthly newsletter that includes podcast summaries as well as protocols in the form of brief PDFs of one to three pages where I spell out the specific dos and in some cases do Nots but mostly dos related to things like how to optimize your sleep how to regulate your dopamine levels there's a protocol for neuroplasticity and learning as well as protocols for Fitness which we call the foundational Fitness protocol includes everything sets reps cardiovascular training again all available completely zero cost you simply go to hubman lab.com go to the menu tab scroll down to newsletter and provide us your email but I should point out we do not share your email with anybody thank you once again for joining me for today's discussion with Dr Stacy Sims and last but certainly not least thank you for your interest in science

  Top Comments:
  1. @hubermanlab [1800 likes]: Thank you for watching. If you enjoyed this topic and episode, please click the "like" button and subscribe to our channel here on YouTube. 
Thank you for your interest in science!   -- Andrew
  2. @user-uy7gu1tw9g [1 likes]: super informative and helpful. I like how Dr. Huberman as a male cares about female's health as well. And I want to look like Dr. Sims when i am at her age.
  3. @colleen2864 [1 likes]: I can't express how refreshing this is after listening to several younger women sound off about the 'female differences' being practically nonexistent. If that were the case, I wouldn't be watching this. A decade ago, I probably would have agreed with them. Everything she is saying resonates with my body - I track activity, macros, some micros. I track my cycle only recently. My cycle has sabotaged my fitness/diet plans for years. I've technically been an 'athelete' for my entire adult life (over two decades) and nobody has ever spoken this openly about simple mitigation factors. Someone please connect this woman with the US Army ❤.
  4. @adventure_mom8179: Now I am curious at 44 years old in perimenopause how my 19 mile hikes across multiple mountains maybe damaging muscle tissue?
  5. @archermoltenlava9124: Since when do women feel great while bleeding 😭 I’m on my period and I don’t want to do anything. I’m just going to be sticking to my core stuff for now, and start doing stuff with weights when I’m not bleeding heavily/cramping.
  6. @Patpatpk_byhibaali: Amazing info, didnt know a thing! Such a usefull podcast!! Amazed
  7. @guiladichi-k8d: My conclusion is: we're complicated
  8. @max-nm6qx: "HEALING THE BROKEN BRAIN "BY DR THOMAS JACKSON EX PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL PLAYER GREAT  WATCH ENJOY❤
  9. @sharongraff5578: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape: Deep Heart Felt 5 star review:person-turqouise-waving::person-turqouise-waving: Life saving !!
  10. @Alisa-yl2cv: Why don't anyone speaks about kidney? Do people with some problems with kidneys need so much protein?
  11. @ВикторияОльховская-л2к: Капец блин, на фига столько говорить в самом начале видео
  12. @AidaMyagkaya: I wrote using what you say—what kind of nonsense is this? Look at Dr. Berg;  @drberg he talks about insulin. You don’t need to keep eating, you don’t need snacks. The best approaches are intermittent fasting and longer fasts—one-day, two-day, three-day. What kind of nonsense are you spreading here? I don’t understand—are you promoting this so people keep eating and become overweight?
  13. @DrFitHub: Amazing❤
  14. @shadow-wp1zy: I hope that an Arabic translation will be available
  15. @TattySunDanz: so about the creatine vs hair loss, I have been taking biotine for a year bc last  year in Jan after a 2 month of keto, I started to loose my hair a LOT ... biotine has stopped it, but I just started taking creatine monohydrate and since last week I =m experiencing hair loss again while I still take biotine... so I think its a thing... Im going to keep checking on this ... Im a 48 yrs old woman who works out 6 days a week, eat very well and sleep well.
  16. @marielleo4715: Dear Dr Huberman, 
I am 67 years old woman! As a young girl  I did some sport  like fencing, gymnastic etc...Now I ride a bike( on the daily basis) every day! In september. I began to go to Gym 3-4 times  a week. I don't take any kind of nutrition... no suplements ,,nothing! I eat fish,meat, cheese,vegetable,everything but a less sugar! I have a visible growing of muscles  all around on my body . Only  with a regular disciplinate  training!! NO Atlatntic Greens, no protein shakes.. no suplements.  . Only a hard training!!! May be not the high intensity but a hard training 3- 4 times . As I like it!!!What do you think abaut it??
  17. @Freddiethepom: I must have missed an episode on Nicotine.. Andrew did a video on all the BENEFITS on nicotine and now he sounded like he changed his mind.
  18. @Samantha0207: 1:00:32 wonder what the effects of if the women were on birthcontrol or not in those studies..
  19. @Mytagz: 1:11:26 would this be when you are standing with the fridge door open, you want something, but you don't don't know what, you stand there, then shut the door. Then you go back and open the door again, repeat the cycle? 😂
  20. @Mytagz: 12:21 what if you are just absolutely not hungry at 8, are we supposed to force feed? I get up at 6, and I don't even feel the slightest bit hungry until maybe 10am.

- Strength training for fat loss over 40 - a complete guide: Kind: captions Language: en lifting waves is the main way that you're going to improve your metabolism and therefore burn more fact but I hear many women tell me they're not getting results so in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to lift weights to get the best bang for your buck hello fam and welcome to my channel my name is Melissa Neil and this channel is all about helping you if if you're a woman over 40 or like me over 50 get in amazing shape and I absolutely would love every woman over 40 to take up strength training because it is a game changer when it comes to fat loss but you need to be doing strength training right so you need to be doing the kind of strength training that's going to help your body burn fat more easily and actually turn into a fat burning machine so I'm going to be taking you through a stepbystep comprehensive guide in this video so the first thing you want to be thinking about is where you're going to be working out and you can work out at home or at the gym there are pros and cons for each option when I take you through the actual exercises they can apply to doing them at home or at the gym it doesn't really matter the main thing is is you you've got to pick the one that's going to work for you so if you're one of those women that feels uncomfortable stepping inside the gym you absolutely can do this at home now if you've been working out at home for a long time you would then need to improve your range of equipment but to start off with you're going to need a couple of sets of dumbbells maybe one or two sets of dumbbells and I know some of you ask me well how heavy and it's really hard to say because everyone's different but you probably want a set of 10 kilo dumbells which is around about 20 and then you probably want a set of 5 kilo dumbbells which is kind of around about over1 more like 11 then I really love to have some sort of resistance band you can buy ones with a handle this is a little bit more versatile because it hasn't got a handle I also love glute bands because that kind of gives you a lot more options and you can use these bands you can use glute bands as a way of actually really getting extra resistance when you need it how often do you need to be working out well to see results you really need to be working three or four times a week you can work out five times a week I actually used to work out five times a week and I pulled it back to four times a week the reason being is when your muscle grows which is what you want because growing your muscle is actually going to enable your body to burn more fat and you actually grow muscle when you're resting not when you're working out so if you're working out too often it can actually be counterproductive so I wouldn't do strength training for more than five times a week for that reason because your body needs to rest to see results now now how long well it depends on your level of experience somebody that's early to this can probably do about 30 minutes and then you're probably going to need to increase the number of reps and number of sets so it's going to take you longer to get through the workout so when you're a bit more experienced I think you kind of need to have 40 minutes plus any more than an hour and a half and you're actually overtraining and you shouldn't really be in the gym for more than an hour and a half if you would love a program where you've got all of this covered I have my own iPhone and Android app it's called Body by Bikini you can download it today and actually claim your free 7-Day program and it's yours for Lifetime you don't have to subscribe to anything you will never be charged just by signing up for that free 7-Day program now let's talk about these key lifts because how you lift is going to make a massive difference to how much success you see how much muscle building you see and building muscle is the thing that's going to help your body burn more fat so it's really important that you do build muscle now before I talk about the key lifts you want to make sure that you're actually lifting weights as the first thing you do when you set inside the gym or your home gym so you don't want to be doing cardio for example before waights unless it's just warming up warming up for 5 or 10 minutes is always a good idea but then you need to stop cardio cardio should always go post strength training because you want all of your energy for the maximum lifting the maximum strength that you can possibly Master up and if you've done 45 minutes of cardio beforehand you're not going to be able to do that you want to be doing what's called compound lifts and they're lifts that use multiple Mass groups so they could be lifts they could be body weight exercises and I'm going to talk about those key lifts and body weight exercises in detail what you don't want to have is the main part of your workout or most of your workout made up of isolated movements so those are things like bicep curls tricep extensions lateral razors because what they do is they work smaller muscle groups and you are going to have some of those in your workout but they're usually only one exercise because your workout should be made up of compound movements and I'm going to talk about which lifts to do now these lifts are in no particular order so the first one I'm going to talk about is the squat the squat is absolutely amazing and unless you have an injury or or kind of you know really really bad knees although you can do them if you've got bad knees but if they're very extreme bad knees you should be able to do a squat now if you can't squat for any reason a good alternative is the leg press so do the leg press is kind of the same movement pattern if you can do a squat do a squat squat now a squat can be formed in so many ways and I'm not going to talk about every single way but just some of the key ways so it can be performed with a barbell and a standard squat would be like this with your feet hit width apart and you're going to go as low to the ground as possible now you can also do that with a kettle bell one kettle bell in between your legs or a couple of D Bells so there are a few different ways of Performing that there actually lots of different ways of having your foot positioning so if you have your foot positioning wide that's actually a sumo squat and that's going to be more glute focused if you really really struggle with a squat you can do something and I'm going to show it here called a box squat and you can do that if you're at home on a chair or you can use a bench or an actual box box in the gym and what that does is it just supports you when you're descending down the movement so you're not going to go as low to the ground and what you will find with the box squat is it actually is more glute focused the next thing that is a key lift that you want to be incorporating because again it works multiple muscle groups so the squat does as well it not only works your lower body but it actually work your upper body while you're working your lower body and so does any type of hinging movement so the classic one is either the deadlift the RDL the Romanian deadlift you can also do something called good mornings or stiff leg deadlifts where your legs are completely straight so there are a lot of options but what you've got to watch out for with a deadlift is your form needs to be really really good because if if you're not performing it correctly you can actually damage your back you can hurt your back you can injure your back so it's really important to make sure the form is good before you start going heavier and heavier and heavier and actually even though I'm really experienced if I haven't done a deadlift in a while what I will do when is when I return to it I actually focus on just using an empty bar and doing that before I move on to sort of getting heavy now you can do from home things like a Romanian deadlift so Romanian deadlift can be done with dumbbells you don't need to use a bar bell you can actually also do a kettle bell deadlift so there are a number of different options if you're working out at home for that the next movement I'm going to talk about and these are all compound movements and this one is fantastic for working your whole body and that is a lunging type of movement now this isn't for everybody and in my programs I actually give modifications for people who can't lunge because I am aware if you can't lunge you do need to have some sort of alternative I've made a video all about bad knees and I've provided you with some modifications and alternatives for bad knees but if if you can lunge at all you can actually do it without weight if that's possible for you I would encourage you to do it because it's going to really be great for strengthening your knees and Ken had really bad knees when he started on his fitness journey and they've improved incredibly what he's done is he's strengthen the area the muscles around his knees and so that's really given him much better knee Mobility so one of those is actually trying if you can to do lunges without weight or using something like a resistance band for support and as well as lunging movements what's really great is carry movements and if you can lunge you can actually put the two things together and do walking lunges they are amazing but there are other types of carry movements so you can just do something like a farmer's walk where you have two weights two dumbbells two kettle bells and you just walk along with those they are fantastic for improving your strength I believe every menopause woman should be working towards doing body weight exercises even if you can't do them now it's something that you can progress towards one of the key body weight exercises which I think really kind of demonstrates people's Fitness is the humble pushup and you know you can do push-ups on your knees you don't have to do a full pushup but you should be working towards doing a full pushup because a pushup not only does it work your chest people believe that it's just actually working your chest it's actually working your core it's working your back it's working multiple muscle groups so it's going to give you the maximum fat burning and then of course there's the pullup which many women fear and to a certain extent it depends how heavy you are as to whether you're going to be able to achieve a full pull-up but you can use a pull-up machine in the gym or you can use a resistance band to actually support your body weight and I'm going to show it here so that means that everybody and I used to see people do this at CrossFit and believe you me women of all shapes and sizes were able to do the pullup with the resistance band if you can progress towards doing a dip that is amazing now there are several different ways you can do a dip one of them is on a bench and that is going to be incredible so although it's actually working your triceps it's actually working your chest your back and your core as well so it's a really fantastic exercise and when you progress on that you could actually use parallel bar but if you're not confident to use parallel bars you can actually use a resistance band to help you on that and you can use a machine in the gym there are several ways of achieving a full dip for everybody the next Key Lift that I absolutely love and it goes hand in hand really with a pushup it's a similar kind of exercise and that's the bench press and you can do a bench press with a barbell at the jour or you can do it at home with dumbbells if you've got a bench now this is where it comes in if you've got an at home gym and you've got minimal amount of equipment and you've been sort of working out at home for a while it's good to invest in more equipment like a bench which you can actually put on an incline as well but if you haven't got that you can do it from the floor the bench press it's a good all round exercise for your upper body and it's going to to really improve the strength not only in your chest but in your shoulders and also in your back next I'm going to talk about the overhead press so there are several ways of doing this it's great to do it with dumbbells because you're going to get an even press on either side so if you've got one side that's stronger than the other doing this with dumbbells will really ensure that you're working both shoulders together at exactly the same level at the same weight you can use a machine in the gym and you can use a barbell for this there are so many options but I absolutely love an overhead press but of course if you've got some sort of shoulder issue which many women at this stage in life have then you may need to stay off it because lifting like that can be problematic if you've got a rotator issue any type of row movement is absolutely amazing so I've actually already mentioned one of them which is a pull-up cuz essentially that's a row movement but you can also do it with a lateral pull down you can do lateral pull Downs at home with a resistance band as long as you've got something to Anchor it to so could be like hook on a doorway ceiling that's really stable that's going to be able to take most of your body weight you can also do rows with dumbbell Bells either two dumbbells together or one dumbbell at a time with your hand on a bench so it's really good to get in some type of rowing movement let's talk about progression and intensity because those really two important words you need to be progressing so if you're going into your home gym or the gym and you're lifting the same way and you're doing say three sets of 10 each time that's not going to get you the results what will get you the results is sticking to those same key lifts that I've talked about but progressing so that's going to be lifting heavier making the work out more intense in some way adding an extra rep in slowing the movement down or it could be taking less rest between sets all of those things are going to make the level of intensity harder I would recommend that you use a training log you're logging how heavy you're lifting how many reps you're doing and how many sets you're doing and what you need to do is get 1% better every time you do a workout now that doesn't mean 1% better on every single lift but on one of those lifts you should be getting 1% better because that's when you see results so a coach told me very long time ago and this is always stuck out in my mind be the hardest working person in the gym so the people that you see if they're scrolling on their phone and they're distracted they're talking their level of intensity is just not enough if it feels easy it's not doing anything and that's why you're not seeing results and keep in mind room was not built in a day it's going to take time to build muscle it's not instant gratification when when you're talking about getting results with strength training which is the best way for menopause or women to transform their body it absolutely is there's loads of evidence to say that it's actually going to give you so many other health benefits but you need to take your time with it what you've got to remember is I've been doing this for 6 years it's actually been longer than that now it's about 6 and 1/2 years solidly I haven't stopped during that time apart from a week here and a week there what I would say to you is you're going to have to stick at this for 90 days 90 days and you will see the start of transformation and if you can take months and even years to do this that's when you're going to notice an incredible Improvement and you will see that your body transforms but it actually stays like that and it's not like any other way of losing weight where you transform your body and then what's going to happen is you're going to go back to the way that you looked before as you can see from my pictures I've transformed my body and I've stayed like that and that's the beauty of incorporating a strength training routine now it's really important to say that you do need to combine it with good nutrition I've linked a video here that tells you all about nutrition and getting your nutrition right to get the maximum results for strength training

  Top Comments:
  1. @evangeliademertzis6931 [3 likes]: Thank you for being a beacon of excellence for all women ❤
  2. @freshsprouts [1 likes]: What a great video. Good work 👏
  3. @marianapretti2866: Amazing videos, Melissa. I’m happy to see may of the exercises you recommended I’m already doing , but there are some that I can definitely add 😊 Wishing you lots of success.
  4. @dropdroppie1653: YOU GOT REALLY GOOD KNEES FOR SOMEBODY OVER 50 DOING SQUATS AND LEGPRESS WITHOUT KNEEBANDS ???
  5. @loridaniels9613: Thanks for your information ❤
  6. @Jess_0804: When do you increase your weights/reps? After a month? I'm new to this and have mainly been watching your videos. Thanks so much for all the information!
  7. @Nature-ep5cu: Best work out video, very educative and information. Thank you for the patience and hard work in putting out this video and showing us various ways to do strength training. I will always refer back to the video. Thanks alot😊🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
  8. @HeyNow000: What waist trainer do you use?
  9. @rahila0701: How many reps to start with and how many to work towards 😊
  10. @The__SHOW: I am starting today. I actually am so excited, I have butterflies. This is amazing! I'm 66, I have a long way to go, much like your blonde model. 40 minute workout? Is this right and no diet? I will attempt to eat clean and up the protein, lets see what happens!
  11. @kfarrell521: Thank you.
  12. @whitehead51: I can't do lunges because I have arthritis in my big toe
  13. @moisturebysandia: Super helpful, thank you!
  14. @Badbilly74: Thankyou Melissa
  15. @rnguyen2516: Melissa, first of all, thank you so much for sharing all of this helpful information!  I notice when you do the deadlifts with dumb bells, your weights are kinda like in a triangle shape, can you please explain that?  But with barbells, the grip is more straight on.
  16. @XTheSpartanX7: Serious inspiration. I like how you got your husband to workout too.
  17. @cindylaughlin-ve7hn: That's what I need to do is strengthen my knees
  18. @rosalindolson8688: Regarding level of intensity, you mentioned scrolling on the phone...how long should rest periods be between sets?
  19. @1109pplas: How do I join the 8 week transformation
  20. @mdsazzadkhan6340: I got 10 kg and 5kg dumbell

- Dr. Stacy Sims Explains What to Eat Before & After Training: Pre/Post Workout Meals for Women & Men: Kind: captions Language: en What is a good example of a pre-training um meal, if you will, and we could put some variation on that for people with different, you know, tendencies towards omnivore or vegan or whatever. Uh but what is the timing of that meal relative to training that works best or and and I'm assuming there's some flexibility there? Yeah. I mean, like I'm the kind of person gets up and is out the door within a half an hour to go do whatever I'm going to do. So, it's not like I'm going to have a full meal. I've heard of people like you. Yeah. Meaning meaning I tend to move slowly in the morning. So, I wish I could, but the way my life is, it doesn't work that way. Um, so, but I'm also one of the people that never really has an appetite till 11:00. Okay. So, we're similar in that way. Yeah. So, how do you how do you square that? So, I make a double espresso at night and I put some almond milk and a scoop of protein powder in there. So, the almond milk is sweetened and usually it's unsweetened, but sweetened for the carb and then the protein powder for the protein because if I'm going to go do an ocean swim, then I need some carbohydrate and protein on board. If I'm going to just go to the gym, then I'll probably just have the protein powder in the coffee. Yes, I'm caffeinating, but I'm also getting the calories for the hypothalamus and getting more circulating amino acids. Abby Smith Ryan out of UNCC did some specific work looking at carbohydrate protein before and you know strength or cardio and found that if you're going to do a true strength training session you only need around 15 grams of protein before you go to really help you get into the idea that yes you have some fuel on board and also increases your post exercise oxygen consumption or your epoch so your resting metabolism stays elevated um giving you a better chance for recovery post exercise as well. If you're going to do any kind of cardiovascular type work up to an hour, then you're adding 30 g of carb to that. So, it's not a lot of food and it's not a full meal. Um, other people are like, I'm starving right before I go training. Then, yes, you can have your meal giving yourself about half an hour before. Um, but it doesn't have to be major food that we're talking about. Um, but that's just enough to bring blood sugar up and and stimulate the hypothalamus to say, "Yeah, there's some nutrition coming in." And then you have your real food afterwards. You have your breakfast afterwards within 45 minutes. As a neuroscientist, I find it so interesting that at least some of what you're talking about with this pre-workout meal. And perhaps most of it relates to how ingesting those calories impacts the brain, protects those Kissepin neurons. We'll talk more about kissepin very interesting peptide as opposed to saying okay you need x number of calories because you're going to burn x number of calories. I hate that conversation which is a very different conversation. Um here what we're talking about is the neural aspects of being able to generate intensity also blunt cortisol and get the most out of training without putting the body into kind of a an emergency state. Yeah. Yeah. And the longer someone withholds food after exercise and the greater they stay in that catabolic or breakdown state, the more the brain perceives it as being in a low energy state. So the first thing to go is lean mass when you start telling a woman that you know if you're going to do fasted training and and or you're going to delay food intake afterwards while you're training because the first thing that goes is lean mass and it's really really hard for women to put on lean mass. So once you start really nailing that and then saying look you just need 15 grams of protein to really help and be able to conserve that lean mass. It's a small simple fix. People try it and they're like oh my gosh I feel amazing. So small little things when you're working with the whole system cuz I get tired especially around Christmas time when you're reading all the magazines. It's like two cookies means you have to walk for 30 minutes on the treadmill. It's like it doesn't it doesn't correlate like that at all. Um, so that's why I was like, I hate the calorie conversation because it's just not applicable, right? And it has its own kind of um elements of being laced with neuroticism about calorie counting and then that can drift easily into the realm of eating disorders. I did an episode about eating disorders some years ago and as I was researching that episode um I learned that people with eating disorders, women and men um especially anorexia become like calorie calculators. Their eyes and their brain just are constantly evaluating the caloric load of food and it can be um obviously very intrusive. It's also the most deadly of all the psychiatric conditions. So it's um that's a long way from hopefully what we're talking about here. But but there's the opportunity for drift whenever talking about calorie counting in and out. We of course believe in the laws of thermodynamics and calories in calories out. But I love what you're describing here as getting the brain in a mode that the brain and body are protected so that one can invest in that highintensity exercise and get the adaptations that one wants but not send everything down this pathway of um just becoming a computer of you know how much am I exercising? What did I burn? What did I earn? That it's it's crazy. It's crazy. Um, as long as we're talking about food and food intake relative to training, what is the suggested post-training um window um in which one should either avoid or make sure they get nutrition? Um meaning how long does one have after let's say a resistance training session of about an hour? Mhm. Seems to me that's what most people are doing if they're investing in resistance training. Maybe plus or minus what 20 minutes. Yeah. Um and they're hitting those um highintensity sets where they have maybe just one or two repetitions in reserve, maybe going to failure on a few of those sets. What do you recommend women eat after they train? So we know that women who are in their reproductive years need around 35 grams of good protein, high quality lucine oriented protein within 45 minutes. And we see that women who are permenopausal onwards are 40 to 60 grams because we become more anabolically resistant to food and exercise as we get older. Um when we look at like the recovery window for food, there are definitely sex differences because we hear all the conversation of there's no recovery window. It's you know it's old science. But we look at the research of when women's metabolisms come back down to baseline, meaning that they have constant straight blood sugar levels versus men. Women it's within uh 60 minutes and for men it's up to 3 hours. So when we're looking at the data that says there's no window per se for getting food in, it's based on male data. So when we're looking at women women, we have this tighter window to stop that breakdown effect and start the reparation. Um, so yeah, it's like when we're talking about the protein intake, it's really important not only to get that leucine content up in the muscle to start the reparation and repair, but also again to signal that yeah, we're in a building state. We're not holding that catabolic state and increasing all the repercussions that come with it. So women should try and get 30 or as much as 40 maybe 50 grams of protein depending on their age post-training within an hour of training. Yep. Men seem to have a longer window. They could wait an hour, two hours, maybe even 3 hours. Yeah. Before ingesting protein. What about carbohydrate? We look at mixed, but for men it's more important because they go through their liver and muscle glycogen so much faster than women. So when we look at women, we want to get around.3 g per kilo um of carbohydrate within 2 hours of finishing. So we look at protein and people like, well that's a big dose of protein. How do I get it all in? It's like, yeah, well, you can look at how we mix all of these things and you're also getting carbohydrate in with that. So that's why I say you could have your next meal after your training session. Um, yeah, there's a time and a place for protein supplementation, but if you're getting that real food in, then you're also getting, you know, your magnesium and your potassium and your sodium and all the things that people supposedly lose. And you're able to also repair a lot better.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexandrab6698 [3 likes]: After doing workouts and diets my whole life i finally found the magic sauce. This works. I did count my macros for a while. I actually built muscle, lost fat, and I didn’t feel exhausted by late afternoon! I also added 10k steps per day and I stayed in about a 200 cal deficit. Also no Alcohol ❤
  2. @FATIMARUBIOALDEHUELA [3 likes]: his voice my goooooddddness
  3. @chaossommer [3 likes]: I started to implement all the suggestions and weightloss is easy for me now. So thank you ❤
  4. @swsw1579 [2 likes]: I’m UK based and struggling to find a totally unflavoured unsweetened protein powder. Any ideas?
  5. @christinaheltabbott7337 [1 likes]: Sooooo GOOD!❤
  6. @kimbump7436 [1 likes]: I get up at 5 am, how soon should I eat do to cortisol spike?
  7. @doloresneville5940 [1 likes]: I love your advice Dr Sims, keep up the great work that you do. I have a question, What would you recommend for someone who is starting out on an elliptical trainer for 15 minutes, recommended by my physio. I do this at 5.10am, should I eat before or afterwards? I start work at 7am ❤
P.s i love my coffee also
  8. @NubianNefertiti [1 likes]: I just got her but this lady don't look healthy.
  9. @SharonMarta [1 likes]: Dr. Stacy, I have a question. In this interview you mentioned that working out while fasting can be an obesogenic. Is it possible to reverse this? I followed all the IF advice and now in my late 40's have gained more weight than I have ever weighed.
  10. @jennypenny [1 likes]: Wow great to know…
  11. @kimberlyallen-sherrill [1 likes]: I hate to admit it but I had no clue about any of this...  This was very helpful.
  12. @leanneaurisch3096 [1 likes]: I don’t know about the science but I can’t work out on an empty stomach and I’m still hungry straight after my work out. 5’2”, 56, and 6 months postM.
  13. @RitaA-e6t [1 likes]: This is an amazing podcast.  Thank you Drs. Huberman and Sims!  What is a good resource for specific examples of pre and spot-workout snacks for strength training?  I often workout at 5:30am and have to be at work by 7am. so I'm looking for some quick grab and go things I can prepare ahead of time.
  14. @Palooke76: I’m 50 years old, have been lifting weights for the past 2 years to help counter perimenopause symptoms. I’m like you and don’t get hungry til later so often lifted in a fasted state. Since following your advice I now drink a protein shake before I lift and get 25g before my workout and they’ve improved dramatically. Thank you for what you do. 🙏
  15. @ChatswithChumiPo-cj8jj: We hope you stay! 😊
  16. @m.rebel-lion4648: what about fat !?
  17. @kactapuzzle: Can someone explain the difference between a sea swim and a workout in the gym, and why you would add the carb for the swim and not the gym? Thanks! 🙏
  18. @viktoriax8042: but how come that preworkout protein will be able to be the source during the workout? It needs time to be in the blood and used by muscles.
  19. @Bushcraft242: Bagel peanut butter banana
  20. @SidHartog: Starting well this video with fake milk..

- Body Recomposition for Women Over 40 | 4 Steps to Lose Fat & Gain Muscle: Kind: captions Language: en-US Body recomposition, is it possible to gain muscle as you're losing fat Like Nicole, Dana, Jenna and Melissa. It's time to bust the myth that you have to do crazy low calorie diets or spend hours upon hours in the gym every day to make a body recomposition. In this video I'm gonna share with you what in the world is a body recomposition, five common misconceptions that women have about body recomposition and then my four strategies that you can start implementing now to work on your own body recomp. Make sure you stick around to the end because I'm gonna take you through how long a body recomposition should usually last. Like how long should this take you <laugh>? Okay, let's dive right in. So what is a body recomposition? When we're talking about body re comps, we're talking about a ratio. That's the ratio of fat to muscle in your body. When you adjust these ratios, your body's going to look different. So higher level of of fat, lower levels of muscle, you're gonna look softer, fluffier, right? <laugh>, higher levels of muscle, lower levels of body fat. It's gonna be more of that lean defined fitness model type look. So if you're looking at my Fit Body magazine cover models, so women on the magazine have higher muscle mass and lower body fat, and that's kind of what we're going for. If you have more body fat, you're gonna have more of that kind of fluffier, softer look if when you have like the same lean mass. But if we can increase your lean mass and we can bring down your body fat, the scale might not change much. But the look overall is what's going to change and the body recomposition, that's what we're trying to do. Change your overall look so that you do have more muscle visible. Okay, so five misconceptions. The first misconception is that strength training is going to make you bulky. So strength training is at the core of body recomposition. You cannot do a body recomposition if you are not lifting heavy things. You just can't. So we're gaining muscle and we have to have resistance to do that. A lot of women are concerned that as soon as they start lifting, they're gonna get big and bulky and look like a bodybuilder. That's not gonna happen. Our testosterone levels don't support that. We're not gonna get big and bulky. As soon as you add in strength training, it's going to help you gain muscle. But that's what we're trying to do, right? We're trying to adjust the ratios more muscle tighter and more defined. So that's myth number one that you're not gonna get huge and bulky the moment you start strength training body recomposition. Myth number two, as you get older it becomes impossible to add muscle women over 40 and in our fifties, I hear women talk about it all the time of like I just, my hormones are too far gone. I can't add muscle. That's not true <laugh>. So of course shifting hormones can make it more challenging to add lean muscle and I definitely feel that I am turning 50 this year and hormones are changing for sure, but it's still possible. You have to have the right training and the right nutrition and you have to be really consistent with it. But over time, you actually can add muscle to your frame. The beautiful part about that is as you increase your lean mass, not only will your body change, your metabolism will change and you're gonna be burning more calories all of the time. Make sure you check out my video about staying and getting fit over 40 in the notes below. Body recomposition. Myth number three, you have to constantly be changing your workouts in order to do a body recomp. When a woman comes to me who has changed up, she's tried everything, right? She has been changing up the training she's been doing almost weekly. So one week she's in CrossFit, another she's doing orange theory, maybe next week she's just gonna run trying all of these different things. You know it, it's great to have a variety of exercise and I would never knock anybody for exercising, but you have to be consistent with strength training over time to make a body recomposition. When I create a training program for a client, I put together a workout that stays consistent for about four weeks and that's a good amount of time where you can kind of get into it. You can be using that progressive overload with your strength training and increasing weight over time. Consistency really is key as you're trying to make your body recomp. So have some variety, have fun with your workouts, throw in occasionally that TikTok workout or that Instagram workout that you wanna give it a try. Um, but at the end of the day you have to have a really structured program that is specific for your body and don't deviate from that just because you get a weak in and you're like, oh, I didn't lose weight. I need to change things up. You don't wanna change things up that often. You have to keep inconsistent, keep showing up for yourself. Uh, one of my favorite lines is that this is more like a crockpot than a microwave. So sticking with a plan, uh, is going is what's going to get you there with body recomposition, body recomposition. Myth number four, underestimating the importance of diet and nutrition. Of course, strength training is critical when you're trying to do this body recomp and I've talked a lot about that already, but nutrition is equally important and so many women will put all of their emphasis on working out and then not eat well. They'll eat crappy or they'll undereat. I I hear women eating a thousand calories a day or 1200 calories a day. If you're doing that, you are not gonna make a body recomp. You might lose fat, but you are not gonna gain any muscle. So you have to have this balance where you're getting enough protein and you're really eating healthy and a good breakdown of carbs. Proteins, and fats every single day to be ma to really make a meaningful body recomposition over time. That brings me to my fifth point. So the fifth myth that I hear frequently when women are looking to do a body recomposition is that they're overestimating the importance of cardio. So strength training, nutrition, cardio, those are kind of components of this healthy lifestyle of this balanced workout plan. And you need cardio, don't get me wrong, I wanna make sure we have cardio, but I very much look at cardio as the icing on the cake <laugh>. That is our third line of defense and we'll do cardio for heart health. We'll make sure that we're maintaining your endurance overall and your energy overdoing cardio can actually negatively impact your body composition efforts. So make sure that you're not overdoing cardio when you're really looking to add muscle and lose body fat. Okay, that brings me to the most important part of this. I really wanna help you understand the steps that you need to personally take your action steps to making your own body recomposition. So what are the action steps you can start taking today to make your own body recomposition? So the first thing to do is include strength training. I've talked a bit about this already, but strength training with progressive overload where you're lifting as heavy as you safely can is going to make a huge difference in your body. Recomp efforts, we're looking to gain muscle and the way you do that, the number one principle is that you are strength training with that progressive overload. So we're gonna be increasing your volume, we're gonna increase the intensity. I really want you pushing within your safe limits. Of course when you are lifting weights and I don't want women over 40 to be afraid of lifting weights, that's what's going to help really change your body. So being consistent with training and lifting heavy, that's the first step if you wanna make a body recomposition. Step number two is eating enough protein. Now that you're lifting heavy things, you have to make sure that you've got the building blocks with your nutrition, with your diet. To be able to add that muscle protein is going to make a huge difference. I recommend getting 30, 35% of your diet from protein sources. So we're talking about lean protein. These are things like chicken breast, egg whites, Turkey, um, dairy, Greek yogurt. High quality protein is gonna make a big difference in your diet. Now I love a protein powder called Ultimate Muscle Protein <laugh>. So this is my ump, I eat it every day, but including a supplement including protein powder like Beverly International Ump makes a difference because not only does it taste great, it's a quick and easy way to up your protein and I want you including protein with every single meal, not just occasionally. So getting 20 to 30 grams of protein in with your meals is gonna help you hit that 30% protein in your macronutrient breakdown. The third step in your body recomposition efforts is cardio actually. So I want you to include some cardio, but here's the deal, we're going to do cardio in two ways. The first way is general activity. Every day I want you walking as much as possible, hit at least 10,000 steps or the equivalent if you're not doing step kind of movements every single day, that's going to increase your metabolism. It's gonna help you just be burning more calories throughout the day and keeping your body active. So that kind of low intensity steady state, we don't go crazy with it, but you have to be moving every single day. The women that I see who have the fitness model look are ones that are getting in tons of steps every day. They just don't sit around that much. So work on getting steps in. Second, when you're doing cardio, we're gonna do short burst, hit intervals. So two to three times a week I want you including say 15 to 20 minutes of all out in intense cardio, being careful with your body, of course, watching knees, things like that. But when you are doing cardio, get your heart rate up and alternate between high and low intensities so that you really are um, focused and intense with your cardio. And the fourth thing that you can do right now if you are trying to do a body recomposition is focus on recovery. Bunch of ways we can do recovery, but things like taking a rest day when your body needs, you do not need to work out every single day to do an effective body recomp. In fact, if you take those rest days, you are going to have better results and you're gonna be able to push harder when it is time to lift again. So if you really wanna boost your recovery, adding in a supplement like Glutamine Select, that's going to really help your body with recovery. There's two in particular, there's two supplements that I use every single day that help me a lot with recovery and that is glutamine select and ZMA. So that's a zinc magnesium blend that I take before bed every night so that not only does that help your body with recovery, it helps with sleep, which are so interconnected. Okay, so those are my top four action steps you can start doing right now to work on your body recomp where you are adding muscle and losing body fat. So that's strength training. It is including enough protein in your diet, doing the right kind of cardio and focusing on recovery, both supplementation, sleep and recovery days. Okay, so how long is this whole thing gonna take? What can you really expect? It really varies from person to person of course. So the amount of time that it's gonna take you personally to do a body recomp is going to depend on things like your current conditioning. If you're brand new to exercise, you're gonna make changes pretty quickly. So that's exciting where if you've been doing the same things over and over and you get into a really good habit where you're pushing hard with your strength training, now you can see you might almost be in that newbie category where your body's gonna respond well to it. So what I look for, what I tend to see with women over 40 as they're getting into strength training in the first few weeks, so say in the first four to six weeks, I'm looking for things like your energy increasing. Maybe your clothes are starting to fi a little bit better, your feeling more comfortable with the exercises overall, you're not gonna see huge, huge changes. It takes time. It's this whole, you know, it's gonna be more like a crock pot than a microwave consistency over time. So within the first few weeks I'm looking for those energy and clothing starting to fit a little bit different. Um, by the time you get to that two months, three months, that's when you're really going to start to notice differences. So you're gonna look in the mirror and you'll be like, oh man, look at my arms. Or your abs are gonna start coming in a little more. Your shoulders are gonna get more round. That's in that two to three month range. By four to six months you can really make significant changes to your body. And within a year that's when you start to see significant like muscle increases where you are getting the kind of definition that a fitness model has and adjusting, getting your body composition into that more muscle, less body fat. So this is a process for sure. It's gonna take time and a lot of effort, but it is so worth it and you're gonna feel amazing in the end. Alright, well thank you so much for joining me for this episode. I hope that was really helpful. If you, if this video has been helpful for you, please hit the like button and I would love to hear your comments. What's been your experience with your body recomp? Have there been challenges that you've faced? I would love to hear where you're at in this process. Hope I have given you some action steps that you can start taking to, to make your own body recomp. If you need more help or are looking for custom programs created specifically for your goals and for your body, I would be happy to help you. I do online fitness and nutrition coaching specifically with women. And you can head over to my site@julielori.com or check down in the show notes to find out more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrsh2167 [38 likes]: women should know that strength training can end up costing a lot of money. Anytime I have done it consistently over a year I end up having to buy a new wardrobe 3 sizes smaller
  2. @SharonBarker-n5f [23 likes]: I'm 57 and disabled I use the sit down machines to train been at it for about 3 months now I have type 2 diabetes which pushed me to do this! My shape is changing slowly glad I found your channel 🙂
  3. @katemonakhova7489 [15 likes]: 7.25 min - star there to save your time
  4. @LienSchalley-sr4xd [12 likes]: I lost 12 kgs and gained 4 kgs of lean mass in the las year according to my dexa. Im an 48 old woman and in my best shape ever.
  5. @FITBODYLifestyle [3 likes]: 🔥 Want to finally break through your plateau? Download my FREE “Reignite Your Metabolism After 35” Guide + take the Fast Metabolism Quiz! Learn how to reset your metabolism naturally with smarter training, balanced nutrition & recovery—no crash diets or extremes: https://julielohre.com/metabolism-fast-track-guide/
  6. @Revelation7-17 [3 likes]: Recomped my body in my 40s and lost 110 lbs and got to my goal weight and down to 15% body fat. Took 5 years but I wanted to go slow to relearn better habits and at my age it took a while but I got very athletic and strong. Still going to build a little more muscle. Feels great to increase the weights in my calisthenics. Fixed my high blood pressure too. You can do it!!! 💪🏼
  7. @ohsoyouthinkyoucandance [2 likes]: All people, men and women, should be lifting! I just turned 37 just had my 4th baby and I started lifting seriously. My whole body and FACE has transformed and I haven’t even really gotten into as much as I can. I mean lifting is the fountain of youth ⛲️ 🏋️
  8. @konnylybraga8366 [2 likes]: Thank you for this video and very glad i ran into it. I was intrigued that i had listened to it twice! Love your date stamp at the end of where your progress should be. Looking forward to that!

At age 48, i started periomenopause. I felt my muscle aching just from taking my shirt off. I have always been a cardio person and still do a 45 minute walk everyday on lunch breaks. I eat healthy, but tend to overeat. Trying to watch my portion now. I take daily vitamins and now just added creatine and whey protein since i just started strength training six weeks ago. I feel the healthiest i have ever been. My visceral fat is slowly coming off (talking centimeters at a time)  and able to lift the 40 pack water from sam's club that i have not able to do before. Strength training 5 days a weeks - legs and arms alternating - 5 days a week -between machines and dumbbells. Did not think that i would like it, but i have change my mindset and think "this is my lifestyle now".

Thanks for the info. It has confirm i have done everything right (at least i think) and what i will be looking forward with my body composition on this journey!!!
  9. @ÞorThorr [1 likes]: Hello Dear, how can I make it work, I am 47 years old with Hashimotos osteopenia and post menopause for many years. I How long it takes to see and feel différence in my strengh and loose fat weight without loosing bone ?  I am 66 kg for 167 cm. I started now 7 weeks. And no physical changes just gain weight and feel more bloated. Thank you 🙏🏽
  10. @marjanmarbouti5425 [1 likes]: I am a 39-year-old woman, weighing 54 kg and 160 cm tall. Based on my body analysis, my nutritionist said I need to lose about 3 kg of fat and gain around 3 kg of muscle. I have a desk job from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. Every day after work, I do about 10,000 steps of light walking. I also do strength training four days a week, for about one hour each session.

For losing fat while building muscle at the same time, how many calories should I consume?

My nutritionist, my trainer, and ChatGPT all say that I should eat around 1600 to 1700 calories to reach this goal—is that correct?
  11. @UnicornsXist [1 likes]: 💪❤️😊
  12. @5trait [1 likes]: ❤
  13. @intunewithliz [1 likes]: I have heard from you and a Dr. Jade Teta that women going through menopause should do HIIT 3 times a week for 15-20 minutes or so. I have also heard that it is the wrong thing to do because it raises cortisol levels. What is your feedback on this?
  14. @brandy4530 [1 likes]: A couple of weeks and clothes will start fitting better, 😂 No.
  15. @lifesymphony2024 [1 likes]: Actually, weight loss in not a major concern. I want to be healthy and active lifestyle. If I can create a workout routine and fitness lifestyle. Eventually, I will lose weight.
  16. @conniewestrup2037: Thank you saying it’s a “crockpot not a microwave” and for reminding me to eat protein. I’m a 69 year old grandma that just began an exercise program with strength training, 6 weeks ago. I’ve lost inches, no weight but you said that’s ok. I love my workouts and look forward to being a strong older woman! I live in an area where it isn’t safe to walk (country roads with crazy drivers) so I use an indoor bike 2 times/day.
  17. @Luvmysky: I thought cardio after 40 spikes up your cortisol
  18. @divastyle05: What about counting calories?
  19. @bagheera3008: This is full of great information! None of the bs get fit quick misinformation that most of the social media fitness space has these days. Great work!
  20. @beacaraballo6566: I’m 42, I guess I have a long road. I went back swimming after many years and now adding weights. I really love swimming, I just do 30-35 min/4 days a week. I did increased my protein intake and I feel much better. I’m just a bit shy with the weights. I need to shake it off. It’s so hard to stand in front of everyone at the gym!! I’m at the 2 1/2 month more or less and I think I look the same but clothes fit better. Thanks for the video ❤

- Dr. Stacy Sims’ Guide to Fitness and Nutrition after 40: Kind: captions Language: en to get rid of the noise right I'm going to get rid of the noise and the one basic thing that I want women to do is eat according to their circadian rhythm so that means like you're eating breakfast knowing that your cortisol spikes about a half an hour after you wake up you want to counter that with food so within the hour of waking up you have some food and you're looking at how's the stress in my day working when am I working out so you want to bookend your exercise with some food preferably a lot of protein after 30 to 40 G of high Lucine content protein making sure that you're eating throughout the day having good adequate dinner so you're not overly hungry or overly full and don't eat after dinner let's work on that timing to really work on then our hormones pulse during the day cortisol pulses through the day so we're actually working with our physiology we're working with those pulses which then feeds forward to the body being able to respond better to things like sleep welcome to functional moms podcast Lifey medicine for women over 40 let's age on our own terms this episode is for you if you're a woman over 40 and want to learn how to build and maintain muscle and strength as you age we often receive conflicting advice and it can be confusing many of us notice it becomes harder as we age and belly fat does creep in Dr Stacy Sims is an internationally renowned exercise physiologist and nutrition scientist she has directed research programs at Stanford University focusing on female athlete health and performance and published over a 100 peer- reviewed papers and several books including the popular Next Level your guide to kicking ass feeling great and crushing goals through menopause and Beyond we had the opportunity to hear from Dr Sim speak at The Institute for functional medicine annual International Conference here in Las Vegas and today we will be finding solutions for tweaking your workout routines and to boost metabolism so that we age better thank you so much Dr Sims for being here on the functional moms podcast we are so excited to have you here and the first thing I want to say is I am reading her book Next Level and your guide to kicking ass feeling great and crushing goals through menopause and Beyond and I just have to tell you that I just love how you are communicating this information I am like your person and just how you just shoot straight off the hip you're just a straight shooter and you say it like it is and you know you just speak a language that I can understand so my first question is can you please tell us why we need to lift heavy after 40 and can you explain what that looks like for a woman who has been on the 15 rep three set cycle the hypertrophy that doesn't work cycle so when we hit our 40s and we're defining itively in perimenopause regardless of what women think they are in perimenopause okay because we see that we start having hormone fluctuations of estrogen progesterone about seven years before we start having real overt symptoms okay so this is why when someone's 40 and they're like I'm doing this stuff and my body composition isn't changing it's like well it's CU you're in par menopause early stages but when we're looking at what's really happening at the muscle level estrogen drives strength power and the amount of muscle mass that we have so when we start losing estrogen or we start having changes in the ratio of estrogen and progesterone then our body responds differently than when we had normal pulses and normal Cycles so when we start looking at resistance training we have to think about resistance training as a stress to the body and we have to think about it as a brain signal so we want to invoke a nervous system response so if you're lifting heavy we're not relying on estrogen to feed back to the brain and the muscle to say we need more muscle we need to um be a stronger contraction we need to have a faster nerve firing pattern to lift this now we have the central nervous system and the brain and the nerves saying we need to do this so that's how when we look at lifting heavy we're able to build that strength and that power and that lean mass because now we have a different signaling that allows us to accomplish that task right because the estrogen is no longer there that I believe in the book it said the E2 that's the stronger signal great thank you so much for that and what is sit and why is that so important for women over 40 sit is a it's Sprint interval training but it doesn't necessarily mean running because people think oh my gosh I can't run if I run I'm going to get injured this is also the time where we see a lot of soft tissue injuries tendon changes tendinopathies most common is planer fascia and frozen shoulder right so we don't want to invoke any injuries okay when we talk about Sprint interval training it's a subset of true high-intensity interval training so Sprint interval training is very effective at creating what we call an epigenetic change so this is a change within the muscle itself to pretty much have an increased amount of conversation between the skeletal muscle and the liver and viseral fat to say hey we don't need you fat go away but we need really strong muscle we need to pull more carbohydrate into the muscle so it helps with metabolic control and the way that we accomplish it is by doing 30 seconds or less as hard as you can go and we have to use a rating of perceived exertion because heart rate lags too much so we can't rely on heart rate to tell us how hard we're going okay because you see I went really hard but my heart rate only got up to 120 it's like well no if you look a minute later it might have peaked at 180 so we want to go on a scale of 1 to 10 a nine or a 10 and you're giving it all you can with the idea this is the only interval I have and then you rest for two maybe three minutes and do another one and most women when they start they think oh I can do five of these I'm good at interval work I can do five and they can only do two do it right then you're fully gased the most at three so it's Sprint and it it could be like you can be on a rowing machine or I really like battle ropes okay so if you know if you're in the gym and you've done a heavy upper body lift then you can finish it off with 30 seconds or less 20 to 30 seconds of really intense battle rope work CU then you're getting that stimulus of the Sprint but you're also putting it into already fatigable muscles so increases the signaling okay so you're able to get more out of that workout by finishing it off with that Sprint interval okay and then I guess T is for time and it's that that 30 seconds and is it like so they would do one or two and that's Tina for the most part when you first start yeah cuz then form starts to fail and we don't want people to get into that moderate intensity because if you're like oh yeah I can do eight of these and you finish eight that wasn't a true Sprint workout if you're doing a true Sprint session then at the most when you're super fit and used to it you might be able to do four or five but when you first start you're looking at two at the most okay so that's two right that's very doable so can you well you gave us an example of what that would look like so it's like you would be doing a workout like let's say you're doing some chest presses and such some upper and then you would go to a battle rope and you would do the full sets of all your chest work yep so it's a finisher we call it a finisher okay so you do your whole lifting session and you're like salt bike or battle ropes ass salt bike is a killer cuz it's total and you're like that's the best way to know if you're going as hard as you can cuz we do a Chase meters on the salt bike so you go as hard as you can you check the meters and then the next one you got to match it or be better or be better got it that is I yeah I've been there yeah you're like so let's see so what about cardio do we need to change our routine after 40 yes we do and I know there's a lot of rhetoric out there about don't do high intensity when you come per menopausal or postmenopausal do lots of Zone 2 and relaxation type work or lots of endurance type work but there's a lot of issues with that that kind of conversation first when we look at what's optimal for women who are going through this menopausal transition into post-menopause we have to look for an external stress that's going to create an Adaptive change so I've already talked about how you know lifting heavy does that okay so we're looking at high true high-intensity work so like not the high-intensity hit classes but true high intensity would be 1 minute 4 minutes where you're doing 80 to 90% of your ma and you're having 1 to four minutes recovery and you might do four or five rounds of that so that's a high intensity work which is different from Sprint interval we just talked about either one is good but we want to look at doing high-intensity work and if it's done properly after you finish you have a boost of growth hormone in testosterone which drops cortisol so the issue that we have with women in their 40s is we are tired but wired we have an elevation in our Baseline cortisol and so this is where the conversation of if you do high intensity exercise you're going to increase your cortisol right well yes because cortisol is necessary to actually be able to do the exercise and it will come down but if you hit moderate intensity you don't necessarily have a counter response of other hormones to drop it but if you do high intensity work it's such a strong stress on the body the body's like okay that was a lot of cortisol now we need to overcome it and start recovering so this is why if we looking at what we need to do to change body composition to improve our cardiovascular metabolic health and to increase what we call the parasympathetic Drive which is that deep relaxation so you can get to sleep it all points to that high true high intensity work I do work with a lot of endurance athletes they like but what about my you know my soul food I'm training for a marathon or 10K or I love riding my bike yeah that's fine you can go out for the long stuff but that's not the bread and butter when we're getting into our 40s we have to look at resistance training some high intensity work as the main quality work and then you can pepper it with your soul food okay so that high intensity like for that woman out there that's like okay I'm going to get out there she's doing like she's going to go for a run she's going to go for a period of time running really so if we look at doing a running so let's say she's going to go for a 30 or 40 minute run okay we can do the oldfashioned idea of flick running like you're running from lamp post where you go really super hard to the second lamp post and then you recover and then you do it again so that's a a really good idea of what high intensity work is if you're on the track you might be doing 400s like four and no more than 800s and you're having the same amount of recovery time that you took to run that distance as your recovery because we're trying to build a little bit of lactate we're not trying to fully recover but with Sprint interval training we are trying to fully recover between each one because it's so much harder right you know I know also a lot of women that love to like go from one exercise to the next exercise to the next exercise and what do you think about that if you are period like a circuit type of training so if we were to make that really good for 40-year-old woman we would do every minute on the minute type stuff so we would pick four exercise es and you do the first one as hard or as fast as you can and you try to finish it before that minute is up usually it takes about 40 or 45 seconds for example deadlifts let's go do some deadlifts and we're going to do moderate heavy deadlifts and I might get eight done in 45 seconds then I 15 seconds before the next one the next one might be thrusters or it might be Mountain climb and you have a set amount maybe 8 to 10 and you have to get that done within the minute and you're really driving for good form and high intensity so you get that little bit of recovery at the end of the minute so you do four of those and you have one full minute off and then you repeat it and you do three or four rounds of that nice thank you for that that's a great great example of what that could look like if you have we're talking about the woman that's just listening to this and she knows that she needs to bring this into her life y but she's never lift it before and she's afraid and she's overwhelmed and she's afraid of getting hurt and where would you suggest that this woman should start so we can start with body weight stuff so say your Runner and you're like yep I have my neighborhood circuit and I do it all the time you're going to start with a backpack loaded with household goods so it could be some cans it could be a thing of flower and you're going to start with doing three sets of 8 to 10 air squats with the backpack on so you're getting some load in your Squat and then you're going to go for your flick run and you're going to come back and you're going to do another bit of those air squats just to start if you're like not quite so sure I want to do that cuz I feel funny doing that in my neighborhood then you can look at online programs that are done at home so like Haley Happ Fitness is really good for 40 plus women so is the Betty rocker they both have really good at and they also have support like Facebook groups they have some zooms they have some lives so you can create community and understand like within your house and then when you feel more comfortable then maybe you go to the community center that has a gym and you can take the programs and apps with you that have the videos of how to do stuff and a program for you so you're not going into a gym going I have no idea what I'm doing great that's really great advice which actually leads to does wearing a weighted vest while walking improve bone density no it does not W that's a shocker guys that's a shocker because we talk about like running and walking with a weighted vest being weightbearing but it is not adequate to create an Impulse for increasing bone density or maintaining bone density what we need is multi-directional stress because if you're thinking about walking or running it's just in one plane of motion okay but what we need is more Dynamic to get a whole bunch of different stressors through the skeletal system to instigate bone growth and Bone turnover so you're like how do we do that yeah you can go ply metrics but people like whoa that's really high touch right yes the other thing is jumping so we look at 10 minutes three times a week but not your typical jumps and Landing with soft knees we're talking about flat-footed pogos or jump ropes you're absorbing the force through the skeletal system and there is a good friend and colleague from New Zealand who's designed an app specifically for women and it's called bone jump and it has it called bone jump bone jump okay and it has a program of What kinds of jumps you need to do to increase your bone density she did five years of research on it and looking at 35 to 45y old women who had low normal to osteopenic bone density so below normal and they came in three times a week jumping 10 minutes a day and or for those three three times and over the course of six months they completely came into the normal so it's just that multi-directional stress it's so much stronger the vibration training no weighted walking no running no it helps to preserve a little bit of what you have but it doesn't help what's happening when you hit Perry menopause wow and when you talk about the vibration are you talking about like those plates that yeah I've heard so much about that right those plates you feel like you've done something but it doesn't right so wow well that's very interesting I just learned so much right there so what are two simple we've talked about a lot of things here and um what would you say would be two simple things that a woman over 40 can do today uh to optimize her health I always say look at the big rocks so if we think about all the minuscule stuff where we're talking about what's sit what's hit resistance training that is what I call in the weeds we want to look at the big rock are you exercising on a daily basis and that doesn't necessarily mean doing something in the gym but are you moving are you doing incidental movement are you looking at stretching and Mobility like how are you taking care of yourself from a physical aspect every day how was the sleep how was the nutrition and when we look at those and stress those tend to be the four things that people kind of let fall to the Wayside because they're so focused on getting the right kind of training in and they're not matching it with the right kind of protein or carbohydrate intake or they might be focused just on nutrition but then they're not really focused on what kind of movement they're doing so we have to interplay and connect those so I always tell women what are your three to four big rocks and what are you missing let's focus on that for the next two weeks so a lot of women are like it's sleep I can't sleep what's going on I can't sleep it's like okay well let's look at sleep hygiene are you having dinner or your last amount of food at least 2 to three hours before you go to sleep if not well let's start working on that what about room temperature what about no screens in the room what about no screens before bed and are you sleeping sleeping with someone who tosses and turns like you know all these things that come in to interrupt sleep if we look at how do we Encompass that to get better sleep then that feeds forward to so much more out of our day out of our training we don't crave simple carbs we're able to keep really good gut mocker biome so always try to get people to look at the Sleep aspect first okay and that can be a big rock okay so that's one simple thing that they can do is looking at their big rocks and what are they doing well and what is missing and then focus on that for like the next 2 weeks because you already know that those other things that you're doing you're doing yeah so you don't need to focus on them which is really a really great point and what would you say number two might be I think the nutrition standpoint because when we're looking at the whole history of women and we've had that whole carb phobia and then it was yes you know the high carb and then it was the low carb and then it's a high fat and it's the keto and it's a fasting it's like get rid of the noise right right want to get rid of the noise and the one basic thing that I want when to do is eat according to their circadian rhythm so that means like you're eating breakfast knowing that your cortisol spikes about a half an hour after you wake up you want to counter that with food so within the hour of waking up you have some food and you're looking at how's the stress in my day working when am I working out so you want to bookend your exercise with some food preferably a lot of protein after 30 to 40 grams of high lucing content protein making sure that you're eating throughout the day having good adequate dinner so you're not over overly hungry or overly full and don't eat after dinner let's work on that timing to really work on then our hormones pulse during the day cortisol pulses through the day so we're actually working with our physiology we're working with those pulses which then feeds forward to the body being able to respond better to things like sleep right now I just heard you mention loosing protein and I heard you talk earlier and you mentioned that and so did Gabrielle lion spoke about that and so what is that exactly the what is locing so when we're looking at protein content we have essential and non-essential amino acids so essential are the ones that our body cannot create we have to get them been through food and there are three what we call Branch chain amino acids that are part of those and the three branch chains are isol leucine veine and Lucine okay and Lucine is a critical amino acid that gets absorbed in the muscle and tells the muscle to turn on to reparation to repairing so it's called a trigger or threshold for mour Activation so this is we have to make sure we're getting around 3 G of Lucine after exercise to get that trigger so what does that look like yeah we're looking at 25 to 30 grams of whey protein isolate so what does that look like in real food if you're thinking about a single serving of f yogurt or you know that lowfat or non-fat Greek yogurt for absorption because lower fat means it gets in the system one and a half servings of that okay that's good easy easy hit after very easy and applicable yeah yeah thank you so much you're welcome can you uh just let our audience know where they can find you on social media and you know how they can find and all the things on social I am Dr Stacy Sims so No E no double m just plain old Stacy Sims and then our website is Dr Stacy sims.com and that has all the courses the books the micro learnings the q&as the programs that we're putting out with collabs like with Haley and any tors da and cine from Crossfit so we can look at how we're doing more strength stuff in those environments versus at home so all the things are collected on the website that is so great thank you so much and we will have this on our show notes yeah so thank you so much it's been wonderful thank you the information provided in this podcast is for informational purposes only and is not intended for the purpose of diagnosing curing treating or preventing any disease we are functional medicine certified health coaches and not licensed medical professionals the opinions and advice of guests are their own and also not considered to be medical advice always consult with a healthc care professional when making any healthy lifestyle changes we would love to hear from you please leave a comment or review email us at info@ functional moms.com if you enjoyed this episode please hit the Subscribe button

  Top Comments:
  1. @functionalmomspodcast [9 likes]: This is an interview we did with Dr. Sims’ researcher friend and creator of the bone health app called Osteo-Gains! Best exercises for bone strength after 50 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYQA1osrDnk
  2. @ZAIENAFIT [2 likes]: Doctor Stacy is so sound I love reading and listening to her as a 41 almost 42 year-old ex competitive athlete. I can say it’s safe to say body and brains cognitive response ‘s change very drastically as you get your 40s and it’s so so surprising to see how many women still push past the threshold that their bodies cannot take or are not capable of taking them so it is an extremely importantthing to keep in mind that you have to work according to what your body is capable of performing
  3. @etchedinstone7562 [1 likes]: I used to be such a trim young man. Now when I look in the mirror at 45, my body is staring back and at me in undeniable and damning obesity. I swore this wouldn’t happen and now I’m battling to get back to good.
  4. @fatima_tiffany__ [1 likes]: I love Stacy but it’s just wayyyy too complicated I just want to eat  healthy sleep better and workout and live a happy life
  5. @sabitaramdeo41 [1 likes]: Dr Sims I am trying the Momentous trio you suggested and was having a hard time getting the protein powder to melt. I kept at it and now I finally able to dilute it in a simple shake. I am 57 yrs old 135 lbs and started back the gym so this podcast will really help. Thank you and stay blessed.
  6. @CristinaPonce-no2fs [1 likes]: Can someone explain this on plain worde please !
  7. @SADrehab904 [1 likes]: mini trampoline?? thoughts?
  8. @Carmel99333 [1 likes]: Great video But I checked out Bone Jump on the App store and couldn’t find it? Anyone found it ?
  9. @kwadcast [1 likes]: Eating according to circadian rhythm by having breakfast within an hour of waking helps counter cortisol spikes and supports hormone regulation throughout the day
  10. @miammaij5630 [1 likes]: Well, I'm from Germany and came across with the subject only a couple of weeks ago.
I'm 68 and I have the Impression that this is unfortunately not a topic in Germany and or amongst my closer aquaintaints.
So I am very glad that I found this information on YouTube cause it is such valuable knowledge. Dr Sims ist very much appreciated by me for her Work. Thank you for Posting this Interview.
  11. @wendyturner3787: So at 52 I still have cycles every 28 days. I have no weight gain but I think I had some recent muscle loss due to inactivity. I am now lifting 3 days per week and SIT 1 day. I look and feel better than ever. I am wondering if there is a way to tell if I am in perimenopause? My doctor did my FSH and it was normal at 8.
  12. @Everythingisworkingout: I exercise most days, but the sleep is terrible because of the hot flashes (I'm 45 in premature menopause) and some days I just lose all control where the food consumption is concerned and eat a whole lot of sugar. I'm now 182, the heaviest I've ever been, not even when I was pregnant. The only reason I don't feel terrible about the weight is because I started strength train in August 2025 after breaking a toe while speed walking (& watching a video👀😩) and that's how I found Dr. Simson YT, because I needed to know what and I could do in place of cardio. I now see definition in my arms. I looked in the mirror last week and see muscles popping between my neck/shoulders 😄 and when I don't feel bloated, I have a 5 pack stomach, 4 packs plus my fanny pack😄 I love her protein coffee shake too and usually drink my whey protein shake after my workouts. I'm about to go get a 30 lbs or 45 lbs kettlebell because the weights I've been using now feel so light to me. I'm also much stronger in practical life activities because my strength training is based on functionality (like, I lifted a large microwave from the ground to a counter, it didn't take much effort, but my female colleagues looked at me stunned and asked me how I managed to lift it. I just needed my lunch warmed so I wouldn't end up feeling starved and snacking). I know sorting out the sleep will help with the eating.
  13. @rockinintheuae: But what about the women who already have bad knees and can't run, or frozen shoulder or torn rotator cuff, or bad backs and bulging discs. There's so much if that.. they really really need to employ a well qualified personal trainer to do this sort of thing or they're going to injure themselves
  14. @jenihendrix3927: In the seventh minute, she said “an assault bike is a killer because…“ And then the other lady interrupted her and said something, and I can’t figure out what the hell she’s saying.
  15. @maggiequintero6723: great information, what about spin class? I am planning on buying a stationary bike and hoping to sign up for the monthly membership, which offers options for different formats.
  16. @puppy1472: omg she looks horrible, like an alcoholic, whatever she is doing - its not working and i dont want to follow her tips
  17. @nicolasiddons: 🌿 A gentler truth about women’s health and ageing

There’s a lot of noise right now here and elsewhere  telling women they need to lift heavy, sprint harder, track every gram of protein, and “hack” their hormones to age well. It's exhausting and joyless of you're not careful.

The science behind some of that is real — strength and short bursts of intensity can help our bones, muscles and metabolism.

But health isn’t a project to perfect. It’s a rhythm to live by.

If you love walking, yoga, swimming, gardening, dancing — and you do them regularly — you’re already doing most of what supports longevity: building strength, balance, connection, sunlight, and joy.

Yes, sprinkle in something that challenges you now and then — carry something heavy, walk a hill, feel your heart rate rise — but don’t video series like this let “optimal” become another source of pressure.

The most powerful medicine for healthy ageing is still consistency, purpose, pleasure and community — not chasing every new protocol.

🌿 1. Science supports consistency and enjoyment more than perfection

Meta-analyses on exercise and longevity show that the biggest health gains come from moving regularly, even at moderate intensity.
For example:

Walking briskly for 20–30 minutes most days reduces all-cause mortality by ~25–35%.

Adding some resistance or balance training compounds those benefits.

Beyond that, returns start to flatten — meaning more isn’t always better.

So if you garden, walk, do yoga, and move with purpose — you are already hitting many of the biological levers for health: strength, flexibility, balance, mood regulation, sunlight, social contact, and nature exposure.

🧠 2. Holistic health ≠ just fitness metrics

Emotional regulation, social belonging, meaning, and pleasure are direct determinants of healthy ageing. Chronic stress, loneliness, and feeling constantly “behind” on self-improvement can undo many of the physiological benefits of perfect training.

In fact, some longevity researchers (like Dan Buettner, who studies “Blue Zones”) argue that connection and purpose are stronger predictors of lifespan than any particular exercise type.

Please take that onboard before developing an unhealthy preoccupation with protocols that are not only high intensity physically but also mentally and emotionally ❤
  18. @riseandglide: first meal at 9am, last meal at 3pm.
  19. @lalunamedicine7389: How do you recommend transitioning to this lifestyle of lifting and such when you’ve just quit smoking?
  20. @ThereseBes: What about women over 50?

- Simple Steps To Losing Weight & Feeling Better: The Science of Lifting Weights | Mel Robbins Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en if you're frustrated by going up and down and trying this diet and that diet and the other diet and this thing and that thing and the other thing that stops today everybody listening to this they are going to stop yo-yo dieing that this is our deal right Mel that's right do you hear doctor lion she's telling you Stop yoyo dieting put the soda down pay attention sit up because we are going to give you the stepbystep way that you can take control so if we're going to Stop yoyo dieting what are we going to do hey it's your friend Mel and welcome to the Mel Robins podcast so I've decided that you and I uh have been at this podcast thing for long enough that we can cover a topic that everybody talks about everybody wants advice on but for some reason we're not supposed to talk about it I don't know why this is so controversial but it is and today we're going to going to go there what's the topic weight loss weight loss we're talking about weight loss and the reason why I want to talk about this is because we've all been there we've all been at that point in our lives where we're frustrated with how our clothes feel where we feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where everything we're trying uh is not actually working or the things that we've been doing forever in my case this is me are no longer working and having the same impact and you start to feel like your weight your waistline your attitude everything's out of control and I want to talk about it today and so if you're like me it probably means that you spent most of your life trying to either lose weight or trying to stay in shape and this goes all the way back to when I was a little kid I mean I can remember my mom on the living room floor and Jane Fonda was on the television she had those leg warmers on and my mom was doing all the stuff and then the next thing I remember remember the Thigh Master that thing that showed up at your house where you're supposed to like squeeze it in and out and then as I got older I tried everything step class spin class jazzer size which I think we now call Zumba I've gone to classes in person online I've done pilotes on a mat on a reformer I've tried everything and don't even get me started with the number of diets anybody remember the cabbage soup diet why on Earth was that a thing eat for your blood type I've done that lowfat high fat no carbs complex cards no wonder we are all yo-yo dieting I mean simply listing all of this off makes me start to feel like a human yo-yo and as I've been thinking about this topic and researching it it occurred to me if this is such an enormous problem for almost all of us maybe we've been thinking about it all wrong in fact the expert that you are about to spend an hour with says that you and I are going to stop talking about losing weight right now no more it's the wrong approach you and I need to start leveraging what she calls a muscle Centric medical approach to our health Dr Gabrielle lion is a medical doctor she has completed two research and clinical fellowships in nutritional science and one in the science of Aging she has spent 20 years conducting groundbreaking research and treating private patients in her clinical practice her first book Forever Strong is filled with evidence-based strategies and you're going to learn a lot of here during our conversation today doc G is here to teach you about the largest organ in your body I know you're thinking what is it what is it the largest organ in your body believe it or not that's your skeletal muscles and your skeletal muscles are not only the largest organ in your body they make up the entire architecture of your body and they are key to effective weight loss to boosting your energy burning fat and she's going to talk to you today about how you can use a muscular Centric medical approach to reverse diabetes and to fight heart disease and cancer and my job in all of this is to translate all that she's saying into simple actionable takeaways in fact I'm going to try to reduce all this research to two changes that you can make starting today to leverage all of the things that she's going to teach us so if you want to lose belly fat and live a strong long healthy life there is no more important thing for you to do than to listen to this conversation right now get your pens out and get ready to change your life cuz doc G is in the house all right please help me welcome Dr Gabrielle lion to the Mel Robbins podcast thank you so much for having me I'm thrilled to be able to sit down and talk with you so Dr Lon I'm so excited that you're here and I just want to start with the basics what significance does it have that your muscles are an organ yeah this idea full first of all skeletal muscle makes up 40% of your body weight period which is a huge amount of your tissue wow and I think that this is a really important point is this idea that when we think about skeletal muscle we often hear about just exercising the bicep and really just is it toned or not can I see it or not and that's why this concept of muscle as the organ of longevity is so critical to get out to the public because skeletal muscle is so much more than that well I'll be honest I have only ever thought about muscles in a one dimensional fashion can I see them or not do I have a six-pack which I do not do I have uh flabby arms that flap like skin wings or do I have nice tight you know biceps and triceps and all that stuff so I have thought in such a I don't know I'm sort of embarrassed about how little I know because I honestly did not even know that muscles were an organ and there is so much research that you have in your new book and we're going to dig into it but I wanted to start at that Baseline so that you know anybody that's intimidated by the gym anybody that can't see uh you know any muscle definition we're not here talking about a Beach Body Blast workout program we're talking about using muscle Centric medicine as a way to unlock all of these health benefits that I personally I had no idea that that's the major benefit of doing weight training and why we all need to do it I've got a little like five pound weight here like when you do a bicep curl or you walk up a flight of stairs what is actually happening as I am you know curling my muscle here and attempting to strengthen the bicep what's happening in this organ in my body when I do that there's ton of things that happen and we're going to break it down very simply number one you get stronger which is the obvious number two the nonobvious is that when you contract skeletal muscle it secretes these myocin that then go throughout the body that help with bone health brain health and nutrient utilization which just means the food that you eat when you contract skeletal muscle it moves glucose which is simply the sugar in your bloodstream into the cells into skeletal muscle that's incredible especially with this epidemic of obesity that everybody is talking about this idea of insulin resistance that everybody is talking about skeletal muscle is your architectural infrastructure of everything you know you've got so many medical degrees and fellowships like what the hell made you go from psychiatry and a a practice that was in general medicine and all of these degrees that you have what had you make the connection between muscles and People's Health thank you so much for that question this has been a very long journey which by the way I don't recommend anybody doing that uh there's a lot of other ways to go about that when I graduated high school I graduated high school at 17 pretty early I moved to Hawaii I moved to Hawaii and I moved in with my godmother who was a functional medicine OG oh cool and she was and is a PhD in nutritional Sciences I began sitting in on her patients and I believed that nutrition from a very young age was the key fast forward to then going to my undergraduate which was also in human nutrition vitamin mineral metabolism at the University of Illinois okay my life changed because because serendipitously I landed in the lab of Dr Donald Layman he is one of the grandfathers of protein metabolism huh a lot of the things that we take for granted now he discovered in his lab 20 some years ago and you were standing there yes as an undergraduate I was working in his lab and I was deeply influenced by this idea of protein dietary protein and skeletal muscle as it relates to Women's Health women and men but the studies that we Prim did were at least the ones that I was working on were women postmenopausal women fast forward through medical school I knew that I wanted to go to medical school did two years of Psychiatry realized that that was not my bag so did family medicine for three years and then finally did a fellowship at Washington University in St Louis in nutritional sciences and geriatrics which looked at aging individuals over the age of 65 and my research at the time because I was a combined fellow I was in charge of um seeing geriatric patients but also doing obesity medicine research and this concept of muscle Centric medicine had been building but there was a flash of insight and I would love to share how it came about and what really changed everything for me absolutely what was the Insight well at the time I was seeing patients in the hospital and in the nursing homes I was doing that during the day and then on the weekends and then in the evenings I was doing obesity medicine research where I was running a weight management clinic and we were also looking at brain Imaging we were looking at the influence of obesity and brain function and there was just one participant in particular we'll just call her Betty Betty was in her mid 50s she had big brown eyes dark curly hair she was a mother of three she was someone who had struggled with yo-yo dieting her whole life had been told to lose the same 10 to 20 lounds that she put on after her first baby she had been cycling through diet after diet the information was to lose more weight exercise more do this cardiovascular training um and reduce her calories and by doing that what ended up happening is we destroyed her muscle she would go through yo-yo dieting and over seeing all of these patients cumulatively I realized that this information and this obesity epidemic that people have been trying to fix for the last 50 years wasn't obesity at its core the problem but the one thing that the patients that I was seeing from the Alzheimer's patients to the cognitive impairment patients to the Obesity the struggling with weight wasn't being overfat it was actually about being under muscled and it was the unhealthy muscle that was driving everything else wow I want to be sure everyone gets the benefit of that Epiphany can you say that again that from your medical and research background you had this Epiphany that the problem wasn't that people were too fat right it was that they had unhealthy skeletal muscle wow and I gather that what you're going to prove to us today is that developing healthy skeletal muscle turns it around and unlocks all kinds of health benefits yes M and in fact it's never too late to start and that's actually where I got the the title of the book it's which is Forever Strong it's never too late to be forever strong and uh I know that together we can change the trajectory of age in we've been trying to combat this quote obesity epidemic for the last 50 years and we haven't gotten anywhere and in fact we've gotten worse and one thing I know for sure is that if you are trying to fix the wrong problem you'll never get there if you are working under a paradigm of thinking about a problem and you are not making any improvements then perhaps we are looking at it from a perspective that really needs adjustment so what I would say is that obesity in and of itself in part obviously it's very complex but a huge portion of obesity and the issues that ride alongside with ob obesity like cardiovascular disease like hypertension like Alzheimer's disease all of these common diseases that we're beginning to see more of they're not diseases of being overweight they're diseases of skeletal muscle first that begin DEC ades before I think you're so cool and I love your passion and your heart and one of the reasons why I was so excited to talk to you is because I feel like the conversation about muscle and strength has been hijacked by the fitness industry that is very much about surface at least when it's marketed and by men and this is such an imperative aspect of living a healthier life creating a better life for yourself their implication here that go Way Beyond the diseases and the issues that your patients were talking about the biggest organ in your body most of us have ignored and women in particular have I personally speak for myself I'm intimidated by the gym I hear muscle I think weightlifting I think a neck a mile wide I think veins popping out of my arms I think that like I can't do that that's not for me and we have been robbed of a very important actually you're works as critical Frontline habit that every single human being needs to put front and center in their lives which is strengthening your muscles yeah and keep it exactly and keeping them healthy there's no such thing as a healthy sedentary person and there was some earlier research that looked at 18-year-old quote healthy sedentary college students the research shows that these individuals were beginning to have signs of unhealthy skeletal muscle with no overt signs of being overweight if we address this early if we address the health of skeletal muscle which by the way there's really two primary ways to do that which I know we're going to discuss is dietary protein really nutritional planning and then exercise training wait Dr Gabrielle are you saying that you can strengthen and build muscle simply by changing your diet you can simply build muscle if you are protein deficient by increasing the dietary protein of of your nutrition plan the other thing is when you design a nutrition plan that is protein forward you will be able to support the health of skeletal muscle and we're not talking about again bodybuilding slamming protein shakes none of that is necessary these are things that are super simple incredibly simple so by here's my you're going to make it simple I already love what you said which is there's two things we need to focus on the dietary protein which we will unpack will get into the science and actually the exercise and focusing on exercise and strength training that will help you build a healthy skeletal muscular system I also love something that you wrote about in your book that you say we all need to stop looking at how much fat we need to lose and we need to start talking about how much muscle do I need to gain and how liberating would it be if instead of going I need to lose 10 pounds I need to like that you actually said I need to put on about five pounds of muscle that's what I need to do I mean that's such a positive reframe but why how did you arrive at that I realized that number one the strategies that have been put in place have failed people and when you focus on losing weight which I don't know one person that hasn't done that over years and years of yo-yo dieting you actually destroy skeletal muscle as we age and become more mature it becomes much more difficult to put it on and regain the health of skeletal muscle if you've spent years yo-yo dieting by thinking of always what we have to lose it becomes very demotivating for people yeah this really crazy thing that Creeps in is sometimes they don't feel worthy of Health and Wellness in the way that potentially we would want them to feel so by Shifting the conversation as it relates to what people have to gain and understanding that muscle is this currency of health and in fact it's the only currency that you can't bargain for you can't buy it you can't sell it but you have to earn it and by thinking about the skeletal muscle as currency you earn and put in effort this crazy thing happens you begin to cultivate a lot of internal strength you begin to cultivate this can do attitude and this way of confidence because you are able to kind of move within a physical domain you're not worried about if you're going to fall and break a hip you're not worried about you know I can't eat that you're not worried about these other things you have this capacity to shift to a much more positive mind frame and it's the one thing that you also have direct control over the last time I checked you cannot exercise your liver but you can exercise skeletal muscle that's true that's absolutely true so it is within your control I want to um have you talk directly to the person that when you said if you've been spending a lifetime yo-yo diet in you've really destroyed your muscles and just tell them the hopeful message here and why it's imperative that you know if you've been yo-yo dieting like most people have if you're frustrated by going up and down and trying this diet and that diet and the other diet and this thing and that thing and the other thing why is it never too late to put taking care of your muscles and making them stronger the most important thing you could do at at the center of your health number one it's never too late and number two just like you said people have gone through periods of yo-yo dieting which have again we've all seen that stops today everybody listening to this they are going to stop yo-yo dining that this is our deal right Mel that's right do you hear Dr lion damn it she's telling you you are Stop yoyo dieting put the soda down pay attention sit up because we are going to give you the stepbystep way that you can take control so if we're going to Stop yoyo yo-yo dieting what are we going to do the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to leverage dietary protein but first let's talk about what protein is protein is actually not one thing are you ready for this smell it's 20 different amino acids that make up protein can you can you just what the hell is an amino acid like everybody throws around these terms I don't even know what an amino acid does great question this is brilliant um amino acids are those little tiny building blocks think about a sand castle and think about all the little grains it takes to build a sand castle if you think about the sand castle as protein and all those little sand grains are the amino acids I love you I get that and now I'm thinking about the fact that my bicep is tiny little particles of sand is that right pretty close but I don't know yours looks pretty jacked so yours is not yours is not sand yours is more like concrete I've been working out for this I did a set just they' look really you know greased up for you when we did this okay so how do I know what protein is the best protein because I I I would reckon you're about to tell us we all need to start eating more protein because these sand particle amino acid things are very important for our skeletal muscular Health correct that's right but before I tell you that I'm going to tell you why just overarching why protein is important yes and then we'll get to the nitty-gritty I love it you like that sgitty oh oh I didn't even get it see come on some mom jokes coming in here hot cannot be wasted this idea that protein is really imperative is really important for a few reasons number one protein again is made up of these 20 different amino acids what's so fascinating about protein from the big picture is that dietary protein improves satiety just meaning you're not hungry here is the test that I tell people if you're really hungry go ahead and sit down with that chicken breast that will tell you immediately are you really hungry versus a bag of chips and you you know you could probably eat that forever dietary protein improves satiation you are not hungry from eating dietary protein the other reason why protein is so valuable is that it is very difficult to eat a high protein diet and actually gain fat because protein is so valuable to the body it is what we call an essential macronutrient meaning you can't make it you literally cannot make it you have to eat it versus carbohydrates your body can make carbohydrates in fact your body can make some carbohydrates from proteins and then the need for fat is not huge right there's some essential fatty acid need but but nothing major because of these amino acids that are in prot and just protein in general it is very difficult to over consume so you it's very difficult to ultimately gain weight from a diet that is high in protein so the main benefit is that the macronutrient or the 20 sand molecules in a protein in protein when you eat it it gets used up by the body it also makes you less hungry so you have this benefit of being more efficient in terms of the fuel that you're putting in versus just snacking mindlessly on all this stuff that ends up getting stored somewhere in your body is that correct am I following you yes okay you were doing a great job okay protein is very controversial in the nutrition space why and it shouldn't be um well we'll we'll get into that but it it's just very controversial well hold on a second can we just say something here you have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fellowship or fellow you're a fellow you've earned what what it called you've earned you've literally you are a fellow in nutritional science you are a psychiatrist you have been at Ground Zero studying this in the lab of the dude that synthesized protein for the first time [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the influencers I'm sorry but you know like somebody on Tik Tok that has gotten in shape and is now telling everybody else how to do it that does not have the background that you have quiet and let's listen to Dr lion and I know people will then like just ask absolutely Go Bananas in the comments but I don't care because you're talking about the actual science here and you're not saying you have to be vegan or you have to be a meat eater you're saying everybody from a medical perspective the biggest organ in your body is your skeletal muscular system it is the biggest organ it has a function where it secretes stuff that is the molecules of Hope and Longevity and You by paying attention to this organ that you've probably ignored because you've been YOLO yo-yo dieting and worrying about how you look you haven't been focused on how you feel you haven't been focused on how your body functions and like me you didn't know better you didn't know the science like I had no idea any of the stuff that you're talking about and so there is no controversy in my mind because you are the authority who has been researching this you are on the front lines with people with Alzheimer's and obesity you are talking about this not from how you get your button shape for a bikini you're talking about it based on the science around the way that your brain works and your body works so thank you for listening to my TED talk I'm going to turn it back over to Dr Gabrielle to tell us why a protein forward diet matters and I've been in nutritional Sciences for 20 years and I started seeing with this influence and this social media that the information that is put out there is extraordinarily damaging but where I really had to put my foot down was that the information that a let's say a 50-year-old woman is going to be hearing and she's hearing it from the influencers on um Instagram or Tik Tok or Facebook or wherever she's hearing it that window of getting it right closes there there comes a time where we have to which is exactly what we are doing today is we are getting it right so there's no longer confusion and there's no longer this distraction of trying to figure out what to eat or why we're eating it or ultimately the way in which we age can be strong can be resilient doesn't have to be riddled with obesity diabetes insulin resistance all the ways that we think an individual has to age it doesn't have to be that way so that is why I wrote the book because I wanted to really put something out there to end confusion can you just give everybody a quick list of all the health benefits that happen when you Embrace what you're saying and you start embracing a protein a protein forward diet and you prioritize exercise that strengthen strengthens your muscles what what are the health benefits and the cognitive benefits of doing this number one better blood sugar regulation better energy you'll be stronger you'll have better survivability against nearly any disease or issue or problem that life throws in front of you skeletal muscle again is the largest endocrine organ organ system in the body and what else skeletal muscle is is it's a nutrient sensing organ it senses nutrients blows your mind right it actually senses the quality of the diet it senses the protein quality of the diet which is incredible and one of the things that happens as individuals age is that efficiency of sensing protein and those amino acids decreases so how do you overcome that and and what does it look like when that efficiency decreases from a very visual perspective it looks like sarcopenia which looks like skinny smaller frail olderly individuals but you can overcome that efficiency issue and make older muscles act like younger muscles by increasing dietary protein number one so now you've taken a older more mature muscle you've increased the dietary protein intake and you can get your skeleton muscle to respond as if it was in your 20s wow what is another health benefit it's incredible what's another health benefit of following this protocol and paying attention to this the other thing is that healthy skeletal muscle is your metabolic sink or your metabolic disposal unit you'll go to your yearly doctor and they'll say here's your blood sugar here's your triglycerides here's your cholesterol the biggest way you can make sure that those numbers are exactly where you want it to be is by having healthy skeletal muscle so number one we take care of skeletal muscle and we improve its efficiency efficient muscle is healthy muscle number two we use skeletal muscle healthy skeletal muscle to make sure we don't get diabetes or insulin resistance and all the things that come alongside with that so that's number two number three healthy skeletal mus muscle makes us strong and capable which I would say arguably that's the obvious and of course healthy skeletal muscle is uh some tissue it is the tissue that you leverage through exercise to improve brain health you know we talked about those secreting molecules those myocin when those myocin are secreted through exercise they also impact the brain so it goes which is which is incredible and this is where some of the confusion comes into the space because you're hearing a lot of quote longevity experts saying cut back on dietary protein you're going to live longer okay well let's say potentially that would be true let's just say for for fun number one how long how much longer do you think someone is going to live with no or low healthy skeletal muscle mass not very that's right because I didn't tell you the other thing I think we're at number five of the other thing is that if you get injured if you get illness what do you think your body relies on to protect you where do you think it pulls from those building blocks those grains of sand where do you think it pulls from your muscles that's right do you know that if an individual were to get cancer one of the things that they oftentimes pass away from is this some is this thing called cancer CIA which is this highly metabolic state which ends up destroying skeletal muscle you cannot survive without skeletal muscle the list of benefits from the long term is absolutely I'm sure you're just getting started can you give everybody a sense if you were to make this change of having protein forward we're going to explain this more and you were to start resistance training what are you going to feel dayt day like what are the benefits of doing this almost immediately on your day-to-day life if you get your first protein meal right you will feel better immediately I it might not be in the first 30 seconds but after that first meal you will have more energy you'll have better blood sugar regulation you will feel you will feel better just you know anecdotally we've seen it and not only anecdotally we see it in the literature if you design a diet that is protein forward and balanced with carbohydrates meaning you're not having too much carbohydrates so you're not going to have this huge EB and flow and crash where all of a sudden you're reaching for cupcakes or Donuts which you better not be at 10: a.m. but if you were and then the other aspect of that is you will not be hungry you are using nutritional science to leverage willpower o that sounds sexy let's use willpower everybody I want to keep digging into the protein and I I think that that's really important to understand because the average American by the way the average woman is getting around maybe 60 to 68 if I'm going to be generous grams of protein a day and how many do we need to be getting as women I recommend one gram close to one gram per pound ideal body weight what yeah and I even calculated this out for you okay you ready for this I did this body weight is 138 that's when I always feel my best so for you if you were my patient I would say listen Mel in order for us to correct for muscle Health metabolism satiety then I would put you at roughly easily a minimum of 100 grams of protein but between 100 to 120 maybe even 130 grams of protein I feel like I'm going to gain weight there there I said it there I said it way I said I'm going to gain weight I that that sounds like a lot see that but see I think like I'm so indoctrinated I don't know if a salad Lobby that has been petitioning all of us psychologically but I hear that intellectually I know I got to start taking care of my muscle organ I'm in I want to think clearer I want to lose the belly fat I want to have more energy God forbid something happened to me I want to be strong enough to fight it off I also look at my 85-year-old mother-in-law who has biceps and exercises and resistant trains and the woman is an Energizer Bunny at the the age of 86 I want to be like that and so I'm in the second you said Mel it's between 100 and 130 grams of protein a day I'm like I am not becoming a Weeble wobble on legs Dr Gabrielle and I think that's exactly what a lot of us women who've been socialized to think that we have to be thin that's our reaction but it just goes to show you how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up this all is yes isn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up our psychology and the mixed messages and the diets we've been sold and the fact that I'm just going to speak for me but everybody listening has no idea that this is what your muscles do right and by the way I calculated the amount of calories that we would be talking about so I could clarify it for you are you ready lay it on me um so let's say you increased your dietary protein to 100 grams of protein a day okay that would be a total of 400 calories wait what now what are you eating wait that's it but there's something I didn't tell you okay I didn't tell you is that the thermic effect of food or this thermic effect of feeding meaning when you eat dietary protein it because of its impact on muscle increases metabolism so while you're thinking well I'm going to need 100 grams of protein and I'm going to get 400 calories sometimes depending on how you dose it you will use 20% of that energy to just metabolize that protein it would be very difficult to gain weight and it would be so difficult to gain weight you are not going to put on weight from increasing your dietary protein it would be and in fact the studies show that so they've done overfeeding protein studies do you want to know what happens when people quote overeat protein I do their body compositions get better and you know what that means it means they lose fat so by eating more protein the research shows in all these studies and in the work that you've done for 20 years that when people focus on muscle Health resistance training and a protein forward diet they lose fat they lose fat obviously calories have to be controlled but they lose fat and they gain muscle you gain tissue your body composition improves yeah you know I just had this visual that tradition Ally you know I keep saying we keep thinking about this in Reverse everybody you're focused on losing fat when you should be focused on gaining muscle and when you gain muscle you actually lose the extra weight that you don't want and I keep thinking about the fact that you look at somebody that's sedentary or heavy and you see the extra weight that they're carrying and you think about okay well how am I going to how am I going to get them to diet and do stuff so that we can get rid of that weight and what I just got is inside that body is an organ called muscles there's the architecture of a healthy human being and you can activate the healthy human being that is inside the unhealthy body and as you start to really strengthen your muscles we'll get into resistance training in a minute that starts to emerge from the inside out yeah yes and all of the extra weight and all of the disease and complications and symptoms that come with having what is an insufficient muscular system if you start with strengthening From the Inside Out it overtakes all of the unhealthy stuff on the outside and that's what you see emerging and if you think about these before and after photos that you see in these big you know these challenges online or whatever that people use to Market diets or weight loss programs or weightlifting programs we are looking at them wrong because what we're thinking is we're thinking that somebody is like somehow dieting and shrinking what you're actually seeing is the muscle Health emerging yes I just got it you got it that is so cool and it's not about what we have to lose it's about what do we have to gain it's this way of leveraging your system to create flux and movement so then this healthy body emerges why is this so important for women specifically I think women have really gotten a this constant narrative about oh you've hit menopause now you're going to have a menopausal belly and you're going to gain about 30 pounds and it's going to be this is how it's going to be that does not have to happen there are ways in which you can manage your body composition through diet and training again we are leveraging protein and food as medicine and movement as medicine rather than taking something external I mean I guess food would be technically external but here's what I would tell and why it's so important for a menopausal postmenopausal woman there is a natural decline in these hormones estrogen progesterone there's a imbalance of testosterone which can affect body composition but one of the ways it affects body composition is we move less we are less active the way to combat that is through very simply doing some kind of resistance training which simply means again against an external load it doesn't have to be complicated and it's not necessarily as difficult as people think I've I've been seeing patients since 2006 I have seen seen a lot of midlife women and I've seen a lot of success okay what do we do Dr Gabrielle I just heard do you hear that that was women in 194 countries around the world turning up the dial what do we do here's what they're going to do they're going to make it super easy their first meal of the day is going to have between 30 and 50 grams of protein easy I don't care if it's a whey protein shake I don't care if it's Mel's pea protein shake I care I don't necessarily want it to be Cen because collagen while great for other things is not great for muscle Health okay so collagen is a different separate kind of protein it is it has um a protein score of what is considered zero it's still great but we're not going to we're not going to put in the category of muscle Health thank you for saying that because I here I am making my smoothie and I'm adding the mushroom stuff for the hot flashes and I'm adding the protein powder and I don't even know if it's got the loopin thing in it then put in the collagen because a I'm like hair and nails people and two I'm thinking that's another 10 to 20 grams of protein so I can put that in the 50 protein column what you're saying is Mel that is good for your hair and nails but when it comes to complex amino acids that protein scores a big fat so now I'm learning something this is really good you're like a pro homie you are a pro thank you so all these women in a million different countries you've got your dial turned up you're going to make it so simple this is legitimately fail prooof you are going to have between 30 and 50 grams of protein at that first meal got it then if you saying well Gabrielle doc G I want to add some carbohydrates I'm going to say you know what go right ahead you're not going to have over 30 grams or so of carbohydrates for that first meal because we don't want to kind of skew this insulin and and give you this robust response again I'm giving broad generalizations got it okay but you know we're just going to Define it and Design it so that people can execute right Away Great you can have a little bit of berries you can mix it in water you can mix it in Almond juice or whatever it is that you want something not major that is calorically dense okay you've done that you're doing great another meal maybe you want some kind of smaller meal in the day maybe it has 20 grams of protein and 20 grams of carbohydrates what does that look like that could be uh three eggs it could be your chicken salad you know it could be whatever as you want I'm not so crazy about that one love you for that thank you you're welcome the last meal if you're having two larger meals and a smaller meal in the middle your last meal is also important because you're getting ready to go into an overnight fast okay so you've woke you woke up in the morning coming out of an overnight fast your skeletal muscle your organ of longevity is primed for nutrients you stimulate muscle with your dietary protein you've done an amazing job you've improved your um signaling you've made your muscle youthful you are no longer hungry your body is now metabolizing things you know we're not gaining weight we are really setting you up for Success your next meal is a little smaller your meal your last meal of the day is going to mirror your first meal oh I I thought you said it was smaller you know your middle meal is smaller okay got it so now I'm doing my 30 to 50 I'm have my protein shake or my hamburger with my salad or whatever else the last a day is between 30 and 50 grams of protein you want your burger you want your chicken you want your salmon great you have now nailed it well you will by the way if people understand the concepts in this book you will lose body fat by just addressing the dietary component of protein which is mind-blowing you will you will improve your body composition by changing your dietary protein for breakfast by simply doing that by swapping out your cereal by adding in dietary protein we have seen huge changes in body composition simply by doing that and also by the way some of this data was isocaloric meaning people both had the same amount of calories they were taking they were both taking in 1,600 calories and the postmenopausal women what one group did was change the first meal of the day to have an optimal protein it was around 40 grams of protein and then the second group had around um uh I don't remember exactly what it was but it was probably closer to 50 grams of carbohydrates and 13 grams of protein which is what most women are doing now and they the body composition effects were negative for the carbohydrate group versus the protein group they lost weight and again calories were the same so it was simply changing around the macronutrients okay can you talk a little bit to the vegetarians and folks that have a vegan diet like what are the considerations as you're thinking protein forward and the amino acid sand particle aspect of the macronutrient and protein yes all dietary protein is not created equal okay ideally you are eating Whole Foods so now this brings us to this category of dietary protein and what makes up dietary protein how do we score it how do we think about it an overarching way to do this very simply is that anything that is of animal nature that means does it run does it swim does it I don't know walk is a highquality protein okay it is considered a highquality protein and what defines high quality protein is we talked about that there are 20 different amino acids got it obviously not going into those 20 but there are a handful of essential amino acids and are those not present in plant-based proteins they're very low in plant-based proteins so what would you have to do you would have to over consume or increase your consumption of these plant-based proteins to bring up that level of essential amino acids got it and I'm going to give you a very clear example I'm just going to lay it out on there so nobody has to do any ma okay so let's say you are going to eat three or 4 ounces of a a beef patty a lean beef patty that has this essential amino acid Lucine Lucine is the critical amino acid for muscle Health okay now remember you and I were talking about how each amino acid had these dual roles and we weren't going to go into all 20 but there are a handful that are really important and critical for health and well-being okay one of those amino acids is Lucine and Lucine what's so fascinating is that it requires a certain amount to trigger skeletal muscle so essentially if you're eating uh under that amount then you're not actually stimulating this mechanics of skeletal muscle oh 3 oz of you know 3 to four ounces of a lean beef patty would would stimulate muscle would give you this whatever number two and a half grams of Lucine to trigger the muscle to begin to have this process if you were to try to do that in quinoa you would need six cups of quinoa because of the difference in the amino acid profile to trigger muscle the same way wow that's not a good plan like first of all it's a lot of quinoa second of all that's like carbicide you don't want to be doing that carbicide is a word yeah no well it can be now wow that's I think you should trademark that um is there a supplement for our friends that are vegetarian or vegan that they can take to up the lysine or to get the amino acids without having to overdose on quinoa it's important to understand because I sit here and I drink a I drink smoothies a lot because they're easy and I use a plant-based formula and here I am like dumping more Scoops in thinking I'm loading up and I'm protein forward and you're sitting here telling me not not not really not necessarily because it might not have the thing on it but you know what but I I know I'm doing something that's better than nothing but you are you are Mel I'm going to interrupt you because you're doing great thank you so the plantbased protein powders is a way to begin to balance these amino acids because they've made it in a way where they've balanced these okay so this is a way to do it great you're talking about if you're doing Whole Foods like you got to be really doing Whole Foods exactly if you are doing Whole Foods and not adding supplements you may need a total of 35 % more dietary protein I love that okay we got so here's what I want to do next um I want to get into the second piece of advice for muscle Health which is actually lifting weight and what I would love to know is for those of us that feel bombarded with all different types of ways to exercise should I do yoga should I do Pilates should I go to the gym should I put on a streaming class do I need bands should I pick up a weight do I are the weights different than the hot mom walk uh wristband things do I need to squeeze the thing should I do hit should I do uh resistance like it it is so overwhelming so if you were to talk first to people to anybody listening that's like okay doc G I'm in I'm in you got me with the protein I'm gonna check this out I feel so much smarter I love you I get it but the weight thing the resistance training what's so fascinating about exercise is there's a million different modalities and there's a million different classes and a million different ways to skin the cat right like it's very confusing here is the one non-negotiable that everybody is going to take away and build on no uh pun intended here resistance training is any move against um weight so that could be body weight you could be doing push-ups you could be doing bicep curls you could be doing bands you could be doing any different type of resistance training that is a non-negotiable for muscle health and body composition okay I will say all exercise is important and anything is better than nothing but when we are talking about muscle Centric medicine we are talking about getting stronger and building the infrastructure of our body for for the time that we need it resistance training as a non-negotiable which again could be weights could be machines could be at home um push-ups or band workout even you know if someone really wants to do yoga and pilates they could but that is not going to be ideal over a period of time but it's a great starting Place gotcha okay gotcha but again we are going to focus on moving some kind of weight and okay what's the minimum amount of time I realize you say some is better than none but for just somebody going I'm going to take this seriously three days a week two days a week one day a week where's a starting point for somebody where this is like a whole new world yes here is what the general guidelines will tell you okay they will say 150 minutes to moderate and to vigorous activity whether it's cardiov and that's a week because that's about 22 minutes a day but what does Doc G say here's what I say I say that you should be lifting a minimum of two days a week okay and that would be if you're only going to do two days a week then you're going to do full body and I love the idea that you are doing um what we call multi-joint movements so for me what did I do this morning I go oh man I'm GNA be on Mel Robins podcast I'm getting my butt in the gym and we did deadlift okay okay I don't necessarily think that people need to start with that but again I've been training for you know a period of of of years so for me deadlift but for you know someone who is just starting out there are still machines machines are very safe that they could do a squat on a machine or a leg press on a machine they're things that involve multi- joints and multibody parts at once super easy we don't need to over complicate it um one of the things I will say is two days a week would be the minimum of doing whether they're doing upper body and lower body uh all of those again two days a week gotcha if you were to take a protein forward diet and you were to do two days a week of fullbody resistance training okay how long does it take for that inter muscular body to start to appear and you to start to see some sort of something happening here's the great news of someone who's just starting out those people will get the bigger benefit and see more Improvement faster than someone who's been training for a long period of Time how long I would say maybe 6 to 8 weeks you stay with it oh my God that long can we see a little something better like we're going to feel better though right you will feel better immediately okay that's all I need to know feel better immediately and you will begin to improve while transient those immediate markers like blood sugar like triglycerides like HDL everybody talks about again it's over time but these will be immediately impacted which is incredible incredible which is absolutely incredible are there some aspects to resistance training that women should be doing differently for maximum benefit that's a great question I think that there's been a lot of discussion in the literature there was a period of time where I believed that you had to lift heavier weights and I I personally prefer to do that but the evidence would suggest as long as a woman is really taxing herself you know she's not on her phone and she's not kind of distracting but going to where she really goes to fatigue then I I think that it it's not necessarily for women but you know again there is some evidence in the literature or some speculation that some women need more volume but again I do think that we shouldn't get caught up in the weeds but we should understand that two to three days a week of resistance training if you're going to do two days a week it should be full body there's many different ways to do it now here's one other thing that I think women should do tell me one high-intensity interval training session a week okay what does that actually mean I think that we should do it Mel I heard you're in Vermont I heard from a mutual friend wear in Vermont and I think I should come down I think you should too I think you should I'm terrified already okay go ahead and so this could be on say an airdine bike or a rower or if someone is at home with no equipment it could be as many air squats as they could do for a 45 second to a minute SE uh uh session all out effort but you're really going to put in high effort for a minute and then you're going to rest and then you could do that again there's many different ways to do that but you could do this for a total of 20 minutes and that's your workout so you do 10 Rounds with a minute in between and and that's it you have taxed your muscles you've released myokines you've improved your blood sugar and you're going to eat your dietary protein you're going to be stronger over a period of time you are going to be stronger from following that I love this and I love that you're saying 10 to 20 minutes I love that you've got resources that we can link to I love that you've got a playbook in Forever Strong I know a lot of people were hanging on the words when you said just you know you can do resistance training for 20 to 30 minutes three times a week for women it's important to go to failure if for example you're doing an online streaming class and it's like one of those small weight things and you are doing your arms up and down and you've been holding them up for five minutes and you're like I can't do this anymore and you drop your arms is that what you mean by failure yeah yes and by the way I did say 10 or 20 minutes you know 30 minutes if you work hard enough you could get a great workout in seven minutes you could get a great workout in one minute if you gas yourself on some kind of just allout 80 to you know 90% more effort that's good it could literally take you four minutes so we there is there are ways to navigate this it doesn't have to take a ton of time um you did mention make Muscle magic what are the five ways to make Muscle magic and what is muscle magic so how to make Muscle magic and basically the way that I think about that is how can we add in Snippets in the day to really augment our health what are we going to do about health and wellness that's going to take two seconds to do and going to be at the Forefront of our mind every hour complete number one you like numbers number one every hour complete 10 to 20 air squats dude you could totally do that you could totally do that number two stand at your desk which I'm sitting right now but I do have a standing treadmill desk number three get your heart rate up with a brisk walk to the bathroom or water fountain 10 times a day great easy you literally if you had a glucose monitor you ate lunch you have that glucose monitor on you can see improvements in your blood sugar just by leveraging skeletal muscle instantaneously um we're at number four bring a resistance band to your office uh and get in a quick 10 reps of Mel's bicep curls or any exercise of choice just resist the band people yeah you could do uh overhead press you could do um whatever you want to do I have a question so a lot of us have these wrist weight things you can hear me opening it up they were very popular when we were all in lockdown the hot mom walk so this is a one pound wrist weight if I just wear these all day long is that like something that I can do that will help or is that not a good thing it will help is it going to be optimal maybe not but it'll help okay and when when you said I think you could put like I I think we could put a little more probably given that you've practiced as a psychiatrist as uh a in a family medicine practice and you've spent 20 years and are a fellow in nutritional medicine I wanted to get ask you some questions from our audience and see if you would give people advice so Vicki writes doc G how do I get my 24 four-year-old daughter to start taking charge of her health I send her podcasts I send her articles the more I do she turns away as she wants to be in control which I know she should be she's a workaholic she's a perfectionist she has anxiety but she mopes around and doesn't exercise much I'm worried because she's burying herself in work and that means she claims she doesn't have much room for exercise or enough sleep she's put on about 25 lbs since graduating and I'm just really worried about her what what can I do oh well first of all don't worry we've got this and I'm going to share with you a little secret over time the most and highest success a person will ever be able to achieve the one common denominator is their health so if Vicki's daughter cares about building and becoming successful which she clearly does right now she is making a rookie entrepreneur real mistake I have seen this over and over and over again human beings are predictable this behavior of late nights early mornings little sleep burn you know like charge hard and burn out it goes like this right and as people's career goes up this Behavior goes like this until ultimately something breaks people hit rock bottom and then they have to rebuild so one of two things are going to happen number one you're going to get to it early and you're going to say listen you care about being successful you are so driven you have external discipline so this is someone who is exhibiting external discipline to drive the needle forward that is a translatable skill we are going to encourage the external discipline to then translate to internal discipline not with the goal of weight loss not with the goal of being healthy but all of which is going to be framed around this idea of future success Daily Success and future success she's going to be able to perform better at work and dominate and that is how you are going to change her mind Dr G is in the house that was genius you know why it's manipulative and it works because you've attached motivation to something that she's demonstrating that she actually cares about which is her success and when you carve out a little bit of discipline to start to weight train by the way because of all the benefits with sharper thinking with the discipline that it takes to fit it in with the fact that you get this Rush of endorphins and adrenaline and you're able to focus it translates directly to you being better at your job or taking care of your kids or anything that you want to do and in fact for you stay-at-home moms let me tell you something there is new research out that shows that the best way to help a kid who is struggling is to help the caregiver by helping the caregiver start to take care of themselves and start to become healthier themselves it translates directly and so I freaking love that you just said that I've got another one um from Maddie and I know that you had um some issues with binge eating when you were a teenager and so I think you'll be in a very um you're in a really important position to make a difference here Maddie writes I'm 19 years old and my social media feeds are filled with Fitness influencers I enjoy Fitness a lot I love the way the gym makes me feel and the reward of how my body can look but I get too carried away with my image sometimes and let it control my day and my mood I struggle with binging at night but I haven't been diagnosed with an eating disorder do you have any tips for comparing myself to other people comparing my body to other people's bodies and even more importantly how do I just build a better relationship with myself and my body that is a very deep question and I absolutely can relate because when I was her age I also struggled and I think a lot of younger women struggle one of the things that younger women now that are up against that I didn't have and many of us didn't have is that social media has no rules so the first thing that Maddie has to do is limit time on social media and I mean really limited to what is she trying to gain out of it and this is going to take some internal fortitude because it is addictive and that is how these apps which we all love but are designed and they allow for dopamine release and we want to keep going back for more I personally have a lock on my social media I can spend 30 minutes a day on social media Max until I'm locked out and that is exactly what Maddie should do because comparison is a kiss of death for people we have no idea what is happening it really truly is about being One's best version of oneself and shifting away from the external again this whole conversation hasn't been focused about the external drivers of of looking good but understanding that the better you treat yourself we only have one body the better an individual treats themselves from from the inside the more capable Maddie's going to be throughout her entire life and ultimately she's going to go through a period Where You Know Each decade we compare less right right right now Maddie you're at the height of comparison and that's so true also part of being a 19-year-old woman you know a 19-year-old girl is is you are in the zone of comparison but this is an amazing opportunity to develop some mental toughness and what what do I mean by develop mental toughness I mean having a lot of discipline to say you know what I am not going to go and look at those things and compare whatever it is that those people are doing and the other thing is I'm actually going to focus on a goal that I set for myself that is not external it shouldn't be based on external looks it could be based on so she said something very important she said something about the progress in the gym right I don't see progress in the gym well what about saying you are going to do 10 dead hang pull-ups that has nothing to do with how you look it purely has to do with embracing the discomfort of becoming more skilled at a movement you know what this actually points to the whole reason why I wanted to have you on because the reason why Maddie and just about everybody on the planet particularly in that age group has trouble with comparison is because they're focused on what they look like versus being in the gym to take care of your muscular Health being in the gym because of the different amino acids and the uh way that your neurotransmitters and your thinking and your mood and your mental health are impacted and one thing that helped me a lot because I struggled like everybody with profound comparison is if you're going to compare yourself right if you just have this habit of looking around and Laser focusing in on the one person person whose body type is exactly the opposite and genetically impossible for you to ever achieve and then beating yourself up for the fact that you're not 11 feet tall or 3 feet tall or whatever it is that you wish that you were if you're going to do that with one person try for a day admiring everybody admire everybody in the gym admire the freckles on that person over there admire the curly hair on that person over there admire the monster calves that that person over there has admire the gap between the teeth of the other person over there find something that you admire that's unique about every person that you pass by just you know casually and you'll start to notice that you can flip it from this seeking of someone looks better than training yourself to see something unique and beautiful in everybody because we all look very different and you know I think intellectually we know this but that's a way to start to train your mind to default in a very different way um Pamela wrote Mel I need mental strategies and thoughts to lose weight because I uh really want to stay in shape I'm tired of calorie counting intermittent fasting what do what what do in shape women tell themselves because the old strategies are no longer working for me and I need an epiphany so doc G mental neutrality have a neutral mind this next meal is not that big of a deal this one last cheat meal this I need these cookies it's so good I can't not have X Y and Z neutral be neutral all of this hype around food and dieting is all some stuff that we made up doesn't have to be that way just neutral mind my friend it's not that big of a deal it's not just it's just one more meal allow yourself to gain control take actions to become the person that you know that you can be and ask yourself are these actions and these behaviors is this in line with who I want to be and you close the gap I think that people always put together and put forward weight loss goals and when you have goals that means when you hit a goal of 10 pound weight loss you're now back at the starting point of what's your next goal as AOS oos to putting together standards what is the standard how are the standards of how you function you are going to execute on an appropriate training program you're going to set a standard for the kinds of foods that you're going to eat you are going to set a standard for yourself for how strong you want to be we're not chasing goals here we're setting standards for our life that allow us to execute and live a life of longevity of strength and resilience doc G you have given me so many epiphanies today you've changed the way that I think about what I'm eating you have uh had me learn so much and everybody listening about muscle Centric medicine the importance of this I feel a sense of freedom and Liberation from Decades of thinking about calories and losing weight and I really am empowered by what you've taught us today and how it impacts my health how it could help uh shape my body and my future and my longevity and so what a freaking gift thank you thank you thank you thank you for spending so much time with us and going into such detail I cannot wait to have you back and everybody the book is Forever Strong new science-based strategy for aging well doc G everybody thank you so much thank you for having me I love these conversations don't you when it's like epiphany epiphany epiphany I think the biggest one for me is really thinking for Real about my muscles about this organ I've been neglecting about how I could build Health From the Inside Out by taking care of the largest organ in this is so cool it has changed me forever okay so um I I I know you got a lot out of it and I want to just say something else everything that I talk about with you here on the podcast it is meant to open up possibilities if you feel inspired and empowered and it's safe to do so try it but only you know whether or not it works for you so take what she says try it out if you feel inspired and make sure that you're constantly checking with yourself and I'll be checking in with you about this too all right I got to go prepare a uh snack that's about 30 to 50 grams of protein and now I know the collagen is zero protein I feel so empowered and I hope you do too and the reason why is because I love you and I tell you that every time I talk to you I love you I believe in you and I believe in your ability to be smart about the decisions that you're making especially those that you're making about your health because you deserve to live a long and strong and healthy life and now you have the research and the tools to do it let's go get them I'll talk to you in a few days hey oh my God okay I gotta get in here let me put these on all right we ready everybody okay great and they are the key to effective late lo oh my God epiphany epiphany epiphany world class medical expert okay let me try that again the number one change that I need to make in order to start to melt away the Bel the number one thing we all need to do in order to melt body fat you body fat or belly fat belly fat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay here we go I don't know who that is good job on those bicep curls I'm really liking that form so what is my m m Ria what miter cromia I'm sorry I can't talk that's like wait that's like um abomi yes call them abomi yes oh and one more thing and no this is not a blooper this is the legal language you know what the lawyers write and what I need to read to you this podcast is presented solely for educational and entertainment purposes I'm just your friend I am not a licensed therapist and this podcast is is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a physician professional coach psychotherapist or other qualified professional got it good I'll see you in the next [Music] episode didn't you love her well guess what you're going to love this episode it's with Dr Mark Heyman and it's using food as medicine we talked about him in this episode go

  Top Comments:
  1. @혜경김-y4f [1 likes]: 우린리듬을타야해
  2. @LoisLaMañe [1 likes]: Hi mel! Recently found your podcast and I love listening to them! ♡ thank you and your team for all yhe research yall do 😊
  3. @patriciamartinez5508: Mel, this is the first time that I'm listening 🎧 to your Podcast I can't wait to hear 🙉 more of your other Podcasts I Love ❤ everything that you said and also, all of your guests & everything that they talked about. I didn't know a thing about Strength Training but I'm Glad that I will get the chance from all of the INFORMATION. ❤❤❤❤❤💯💯💯💯💯👏👏👏👏👏😊😊😊😊😊 You have another Subscriber. I wish that I could hype this video but it's not coming up to hype the video that's what usually happens I Love ❤️ the video and I want to hype it and it just  won't let me hype it I get so mad 😡😠😤🤬💯💯💯
  4. @bluebird-m7v9h: I never thought of muscles being an organ. I also love learning about the human body! I love this information, and learning!!
  5. @teresacain4707: I’m concerned that the only way for me to get enough protein is through protein powder and drinks. If they aren’t the very definition of processed foods, then I don’t know what is.
  6. @omgbecky2593: I was at my thinnest and strongest at 150 G protein per day. But it leaves little room for carbs! I’m back to that now
  7. @rohannawildon9729: Loved this ❤
Vegan and thriving :) just keep gettin those whole food proteins in 🌱
  8. @hemagopaul4894: Thanks mel for asking for vegetarian ❤
  9. @robyncash7164: I am 62 and I feel great. I take Pilates twice a week, weight train 3 times a week, walk my dog as much as possible and now I am going to employ strategies around my intake of protein. 5 pounds away from my goal weight. Your podcasts are the best. Thanks ❤
  10. @BJJenkinsSharrer: This lady is a YoYo! Yes protein is important but it is also hard on the kidneys   to digest. Dr. Berg knows what time it is. Mel, Dr. Berg is who you need to interview!!!!!!! He knows! I'm menopausal, I had belly fat until I followed his diet. I lost 20 pounds and 2 pants sizes in less than 3 months. Go check out Dr. Berg’s diet.
  11. @JenniferSegre: I am 67 and with train 4 days a week! Love it
  12. @KC-xk3ep: Great episode except for all the cursing. Very disappointing to hear you speaking this way. Maybe I am old school but that is not appropriate or needed to make a point.
  13. @melanie-xq6fm: Help I am vegan what do I eat ? Can I eat tofu  meat to survive ??!!!
  14. @nidyamin7127: This is such a freat shiw i wish they skipped the cursing..its for some ppl just a word, but its a ahow that promotes well being
  15. @StellaLotus9676: Mel- I love your podcast and listen to at least 1 a day, but on this one, that F word was flowing out of u like a drunken sailor, I would suggest a swear jar to keep on ur desk.
  16. @wajeijeindungu8387: Mel you talk too much and not giving the guests time please
  17. @Smartpa-d3p: How the fuck are you going to do air squats every hr while you are working. If I’m waiting while I’m supposed to be working my supervisor is going to write me up and most people lol.
  18. @beckyclark8437: I'm 64 years old with heart disease. So I don't go overboard with the protein intake. Got to watch kidney function, not to overwork them.
  19. @Kyussmom: Admire everyone. Iove this Mel. Thank you for this
  20. @vickiclark5924: I love your content but HATE the profanity.  The F word is just vulgar.

- Most Efficient Way for Women to Train for Overall Fitness | Dr. Stacy Sims & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en Andrew Huberman: I asked some different women that I know, "If you could ask the world expert in exercise physiology, hormones, and nutrition, et cetera, as it relates to women one question, what would it be?" One of the most common questions I got in the 50 and up category was, what is the most efficient way for a woman older than 50 to train for the maximum health span and lifespan benefits? Stacy Sims: I love this question because I get it all the time. We have to turn our brains away from everything that's been predicated before to this point. If we're looking for longevity and we're looking at what we want to do when we're 80 or 90, we want to be independently living, we want to have good proprioception and balance, we want to have good bones, and we want to be strong. This is where we look at 10 minutes three times-a-week jump training. This isn't your landing softly in our knees. This is impact in the skeletal system. A colleague and friend of mine, Tracy [?], did a PhD in post-- not a postdoc, but post-research on this and is developing an app on it to show women how to jump to improve bone mineral density. Over the course of four months of this type of training, people have gone from being osteopenic to normal bone density. It's a different type of stress. If your concern is that, which a lot of women do have a concern because they lose about one-third of their bone mass at the onset of menopause--. Andrew Huberman: Wow. Stacy Sims: Significant amount. Andrew Huberman: One-third? Stacy Sims: Yes. Andrew Huberman: Goodness gracious. Stacy Sims: If you don't do something as an intervention. We see a lot of women are like, "Oh, I'm going to go on menopause hormone therapy to stop bone loss." Yes, it can be a treatment, but I always look at an external stress that we can put on the body that's going to invoke a change without pharmaceuticals. Jump training, heavy resistance training, and sprint interval training. Those are the three key things from a training standpoint, and then from a nutrition standpoint, getting protein. Protein is so important. When you start telling women they need to look at around 1 to 1.1 grams per pound, which is around that 2 to 2.3 grams per kilo per day, they're like, "Whoa, that's a lot of protein." It is because we haven't been conditioned to eat it, but reality--. Andrew Huberman: That's a few scrambled eggs. It's a chicken breast at lunch. It's a small steak at dinner plus other things. Stacy Sims: Exactly. It doesn't all have to be animal products. You're looking at all the different beans and things that you can put together. That's the other big thing that in order to build the muscle and to keep the body composition in the state that we want it to keep going for longevity, those are the big rocks, the sprint interval training, the heavy resistance training, the jump training, and the protein. Andrew Huberman: I'm thinking about this, and I'm thinking about my mother who's 79 years old. She'll be 80 at the end of June and is in good health, walks a lot, gardens, does some yoga, but does none of the things that you're describing. Mom, please, I'm going send her to listen to this. Stacy Sims: I got my mom to switch. Andrew Huberman: In the same vein, what about the women out there aged 20 to-- maybe we make it the 20 to 40 bracket? If we need to divide that more finely, we can. What is the most efficient way for them to train for health, vigor, and longevity? Stacy Sims: Making things fun for the most part. I don't want people to think that it's a chore. If you're someone who's been told you need to run and you hate running, then don't run. That's common sense. I say that because I see little kids in non-US countries that have to run across country. You see these kids when they're six years old, and they're all running around the field, and they're the kids that hate running, that aren't natural runners, and then they hate physical activity for the rest of their life. I put that in like, when you are exercising, you want to find something that you find fun. When you're in your 20s to 40s, you have more room to get away with things that might not be optimal for you when you start to get older. Big rock, again, is resistance training. It doesn't have to be heavy resistance training, like I said earlier. To failure, you're periodizing. If you want to do a block of Olympic lifting, go for it. If you're like, "I'm not comfortable doing that kind of lifting. I want to do more machine stuff," great, but we want to make sure that you're changing it up all the time to keep things moving and shaking with regards to strength and hypertrophy. Then it becomes more of, are you training for something that's endurance? Are you looking for just longevity for brain health? We need to have some lactate production because women, as I said at the beginning of the podcast, are more oxidative. We don't have as many of those glycolytic fibers. What we're finding in older research is that there's a misstep in brain lactate metabolism because the brain hasn't been exposed to it. Especially if we're looking at women who are being studied now, it hasn't been in a societal context to do that kind of work. The younger we are and the more that we can keep our glycolytic fibers going by doing high-intensity work, the more we are exposing our brain to lactate, the better we see fast forward to attenuating cognitive decline and reducing the plaque development of Alzheimer's. This is why women who are in their 40s plus I want them to do the sprint and the high-intensity work for that lactate production. Start early because then you can take some of those type 2B fibers that could either go more aerobic or anaerobic and make them more anaerobic. Those are the two big things for women who are younger. Then you can play around with the other things if you want to be an ultra endurance athlete. Not really ideal, but you can do that. That's fine. You'll recover well. Andrew Huberman: Now, forgive me because you've said it several times throughout today's discussion, but I really want to drive home a key point that I think for most people, men and women, is not obvious but is really important. When you say high intensity, you don't mean a class or a run where you're drenched in sweat and gasping for air at the end, necessarily. Stacy Sims: Correct. Andrew Huberman: Let's disambiguate high intensity from what most people think of high intensity, which is a really hard workout, a tough class where they had me moving the whole time doing a circuit, et cetera. What does the appropriate high-intensity workout look like? Stacy Sims: If I talk about true high-intensity interval training, if you're a runner, it's going to the track and doing sets of 400s and 800s. Andrew Huberman: 400 a lap? Andrew Huberman: 800, two laps? Stacy Sims: Two laps. You're looking at between a minute and four minutes of hard work at 80% or more with variable recovery. That's why I use a track as an example. If you do one lap and you're like, "Ugh, I'm going to walk half a lap and then do it again," that's adequate recovery. Andrew Huberman: Pretty tough. Stacy Sims: It's hard, but it's not like you're going to be there for 90 minutes doing as many 400s as you can. Because you have that variable recovery, it might take half an hour to 40 minutes max, and then you're [onomatopoeia] gassed out. You can't do it anymore. If we're looking at a gym situation, I like to look at something like every minute on the minute where you might be doing 10 deadlifts at moderate intensity weight and it takes--. Andrew Huberman: 10 repetitions? It takes you 50 seconds to complete that. Then you have 10 seconds to move to the next exercise, that might be thrusters, so a squat, clean thruster. It's a squat, pulling the weight up, overhead. You're doing maybe eight of those in that minute. Then you might have a ten-second recovery. You go to the next exercise, that might be kettlebell swings, and you're doing explosive kettlebell swings, and you'll finish 10 seconds to go. You go to the fourth exercise, I don't know, toes to bar or some other kind of V-ups, some other high intensity, and then you have one minute completely off. You've had four minutes of really heavy work with maybe 10 seconds one minute completely off, and then you repeat that three times. Andrew Huberman: This is high-intensity interval training. This is not what you would consider resistance training for sake of building muscle or strength. Andrew Huberman: You're using these loads, these machines, the pike hanging from the bar and bringing your knees up or L-sit or something as a tool to get the heart rate up continually. Andrew Huberman: Very different than resistance training the way most people think about it. This is the cardiovascular The subset of that is sprint interval training. This is something that's really, really hard, and people don't get it. I don't necessarily mean running. It can be whatever mode of activity, but it's 30 seconds or less, as hard as you can go. This is your 9 or 10 on your rating of perceived exertion. 110%, it's max effort. Andrew Huberman: On the rower, on the Airdyne bike, running, if you like Stacy Sims: [crosstalk] bike, running. Yes. Any of those things. Andrew Huberman: The skier. Stacy Sims: Battle ropes. Battle ropes are big. Andrew Huberman: 30 seconds all out, then rest what? 10, 15 seconds, repeat? Stacy Sims: No. No. Now we're looking at that top end where we want a regeneration of your ATP, all of that system, and central nervous system recovery. This is 30 seconds all out, could be two or three minutes of recovery. Andrew Huberman: Oh, nice. Stacy Sims: I'm not looking at Tabata where you're 20 seconds on, 20 seconds off because that's not the intensity we want. We want you to go all out and recover well enough to be able to go all out again. You're not leaving anything in the tank. Those are what I mean by high-intensity interval training or when you're looking at polarizing your cardiovascular work. That's the top end. Those are the two examples of your top end. Then your recovery is a long slow walking on another day where you're not going and doing a tempo run. You're not doing a 5K easy jog because that puts you in that moderate intensity. Andrew Huberman: If I heard you correctly earlier, you are suggesting most women do one or two days of high-intensity interval training, plus three to four days of resistance training for sake of building strength and muscle, which looks very different. It's more warm up, do a couple of work sets, two to four work sets of an overhead press, two or four work sets of maybe a barbell curl, two or four sets of some dips, or whatever one's personal choice is. Stacy Sims: Program is. Yes. Andrew Huberman: Got it. Very different, far and away different than what most people, men or women, are doing out there, which is a lot of StairMaster treadmill jogging, maybe some lifting for hypertrophy. Stacy Sims: I look at the general consensus of what's out there in the fitness world is all based on esthetics and body composition. People have this mentality of, "I need to be hypertrophied to get swole, and I need to do long, slow stuff on the cardio machine to lose body fat." That isn't what we're after. We're after, "Let's create really strong external stress to create adaptations, not only from a neural and a brain standpoint that's understanding it, but also feeding down to metabolic change." [Music].

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubermanLabClips [66 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "Female-Specific Exercise & Nutrition for Health, Performance & Longevity | Dr. Stacy Sims." The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/pZX8ikmWvEU
  2. @MrLadyGenevieve [1 likes]: Christ, all those exercises sound awful. Definitely sucks the joy out of working out if this is what we "have to" do!
  3. @Seriousdoubt333 [1 likes]: So tired of “experts” pushing protein. Protein alone does NOT produce muscle.  I’m a vegan now for 20yrs.  Mid 60’s and due to a lot of stress the past few years, I wasn’t eating right, lost too much weight and a lot of muscle.  1 year later, I’ve gained so much muscle and strength I’m shocked.  I did NOT increase protein.  All I did was water aerobics 4 hours a week and power walk/distance walking/hike 4-5 miles and just recently have added resistance machine training.  Added in Yoga periodically.   No jumping, no sprint circuits, no HIIT, etc.  Video is disappointing.
  4. @Triplescity: The best workout I’d MOVE period that’s it MOVE
  5. @ZainabSuleman-s7i: This is so helpful as for a woman who has been facing issues w menstual cycle. got even closer to getting pcos as my cycle was irregular due to less sleep and poor diet. So now ive been wanting to start exercising and take is seriously. i always manage to get off track because i eat out alot. even tho im at good weight and my bmi is fine too, still my weight has been fluctuating. To combat symptoms of pcos, ive been tracking all my meals and food. and its been really helpful.
  6. @nutlatina7906: What about rope jumping?
  7. @lalylunssporadicchronicles6404: Am i getting this right
JUMP 10 mins 3 x a week
(Would love to see a video of what it looks like)
HEAVY RESISTANCE TRAINING
3-4 days a week (lift heavy shit)
And then thats the ones that confuse me…
SPRINT INTERVAL TRAINING
(SIT and or??? HIIT) at 60 years once or twice a week?
  8. @FITnisa-s7t: Pelvic floor muscle weakness or Pelvic organ prolapse which is common in older women, can they do jump training/ heavy resistance training?
  9. @katk3173: Does Rebounder (mini trampoline) exercises count for “jumping exercise?”
  10. @Monkwithmakeup: I have more prolactin already and have never been pregnant. Hormonal dysfunction I guess. So what exercises should be working for me
  11. @nenax24x: wtf did she say?
  12. @jenayam10: I've listened to this episode many times and the information is such gold. Training for health at 80 and not body comp now. 👍🏼
  13. @Music123-abc: Recommend to change title to exercise for women over 50.
  14. @RattyCatMost: She lost me at jumping! The rest yes but not the jumping.
  15. @MiraNess-uo2cm: What protein powder do you take the your morning coffee ?
  16. @luckyyyyycharms: Perimenopause/Menopausal Women:

Jump training 
Heavy resistance training 
Sprint interval training
  17. @1meortiz: Most efficient way to train if you're over 50? If looking for longevity she says: 1) Jump training 10m 3x's p/w to improve bone mineral density 2) Heavy  resistance training 3) Sprint interval training 4) More protein-1 to 1.1 grams per pound 
Younger women: 1) "Make things fun" to maintain physical health 2) Resistance training "then you can do other things."
  18. @pleasant7521: the recommendations in general for protein is 1 gram of protein per pound of IDEAL body weight. So if you are striving for 120 lbs while training, eat at least 120 grams of protein - just try to get 40 grams at least 3x/day to hit that target - not hard. Protein first
  19. @EnoWulandari-b7b: Kind body building
  20. @EnoWulandari-b7b: Kind body builder

- Muscle Growth Tips FOR WOMEN (Nutrition and Workout Hacks): Kind: captions Language: en this is the real golden stuff here women produce two to three times as much growth hormone as men do that means that it is more for you in terms of building muscle about it's different for women to build muscle different muscle fiber types different hormones at the end of the day a lot of the systems are still the same that are going to trigger muscle to grow but if we can advance ourselves and our way of thinking in terms of hey how should my training look how should my diet look how should my timing look you might be able to maximize what you are naturally given because women have different muscle fiber types they need to be treated slightly different that comes down to our training but it also comes down to our nutrition so let's go ahead and let's break it down let's have a little bit of fun with this and hopefully you'll walk out of this video with a few takeaways that are going to at least shift how you look at your training your timing and your eating i do ask that you hit that red subscribe button and then please do hit that bell icon we have new videos coming out every single day so you don't want to miss a b so hit that little bell icon turn on notifications and enjoy the ride let's go ahead and jump in so some of this is going to seem a little bit bio kimmy but i'm going to make it as simple as i possibly can because i think there's some really good nuggets of information here okay so number one the thing that women have to remember is that you're going to have a higher triglyceride secretion what that means is your body naturally utilizes fats a little bit more than men okay so in a fasted state studies have shown that triglyceride levels can be up to 80 percent higher in women than in men meaning your body as a female is liberating fats a lot more because it's more of a fuel source and a lot of it has to do with your muscle fiber type talk about that a little bit more in this video but women have more of a type 1 muscle fiber which utilizes fat for fuel much more than a type 2 muscle fiber that men have a little bit more of so when we break this down a little bit more what you need to know as far as your nutrition is with that is that when you're re-feeding after a workout or anything like that carbs are actually less important for you as a female than they are for men believe it or not i'm a firm believer that you don't even need carbs post-workout all the time but there's some evidence that shows that yes it could be pretty powerful but with women you could probably get away with having about half as many carbohydrates as men and still get the same amount of overall muscle recovery you see when refeeding with carbs less is stored as glycogen than compared to men so that means when you consume carbohydrates after a workout less of those carbohydrates are going to your muscle and more of it is just either getting burned or potentially even worse stored as fat whereas men take those carbohydrates and seem to storm as glycogen a little bit more again probably has to do with the muscle fiber type so this means that women naturally you're going to be more glycogen sparing it means during your workouts you actually don't burn through as many carbs your body preferentially or not necessarily preferentially but will utilize fat a lot therefore it's not burning up the carbs as much therefore you don't need to replenish the carbs as much you're also more efficient at a process called gluconeogenesis which means that because your body is utilizing fat so much it's pretty used to utilizing carbs coming from different substrates not going to worry about that today the result minimal carbs needed post-workout next up glycolytic capacity that's how much carbohydrates you can physically hold in your muscles uh kind of piggybacks off of this one but a couple little new points men have a higher capacity to hold they just do first of all muscle size but also their bodies just seem to suck them up more than women's do in part again because of the type 2 muscle fibers men have the type of muscle fibers that respond to what's called anaerobic glycolysis which is the type of energy that we need carbohydrates for men use that more women use it less so that means that women have less of the glycolytic enzymes less of the enzymes that encourage carbohydrates to be used as a fuel source does this mean that everyone should be doing some low carb stuff no that's not what i'm saying i'm just saying that you don't need to be loading up with carbs as much but more importantly train at the slightly higher repetition range because what that means is your body is not going to tap into the carbohydrates as much so if you're trying to get the best result possible women actually do respond well with slightly higher reps now there's some studies that show that rep range doesn't really matter between men and women but then there's other studies that show that it does based on the evidence here i'm going to take the side of women probably going a little bit higher rep does that mean that you need to be doing 18 to 24 reps every time you go to the gym no i just mean maybe 12 reps versus 8. women tend to have a little bit less of a central nervous system capacity for weight training we'll talk about in a minute too this all circles back to our nutrition too which we'll talk a little bit more about now training develops type 1 muscle fibers in women and then in men it tends to develop type 2a muscle fibers so as we become more conditioned and as we're training more women tend to see more development of the type 1 muscle fibers which are the endurance muscle fibers the higher rep muscle fibers hmm that's kind of interesting so basically if you train hard your body builds more endurance muscles which explains why they don't grow as much type 1 muscle fibers don't get really big but they can get super duper strong it explains why some women don't build a ton of muscle but dang are they strong right it's just because they build and they just enhance these type ones whereas men grow more type two okay so still grows but it needs specific training which again oops i spelled training wrong there anyhow i guess my brain needs training anyhow the point is is that you need to be able to train within that rep range that's going to grow the specific muscle fiber type that you're good at uh then we come back to the central nervous system women your central nervous system is not designed for as much not to say that it's not as much explosivity as men's point is the central nervous system just operates a tiny bit different you are much more of a go-getter when it comes down to just being able to grind and have stamina men are a little bit more like explosive and then fall on their face okay doesn't mean that you can't have properties of each point is is you need to train within the realm you're going to get the most benefit okay we always say feed the stallion starve the pony okay what that means is feed what you're good at and don't worry about feeding something you're bad at because life is too short focus on the stuff you're good at you have type 1 focus on those go a little bit higher rep go to exhaustion go to lactic acid burn then we move into protein requirements okay now we're getting into a little bit more of what you should be eating and when and by the way i will go ahead and say i have some specific female women grocery bundles down below in the thrive market link so thrive market's an online membership based grocery store they are a supporter of this channel but this is super super relevant because i have like hormone optimization bundles long story short it's basically like being able to go grocery shopping with me so that i can help you choose the kinds of foods to get so i have some female specific ones that are really awesome and the groceries get delivered right to your doorstep they've got a plethora of other things you don't have to just go with the bundles that i choose really cool i highly recommend you check out thrive market if you want to start getting your groceries and your your pantry goods and all that stuff online check them out down below in the description there's a special link down below really cool stuff so speaking of all the food and stuff the protein requirements women oxidize less protein that means that they don't burn as much protein so you're not burning through it so you don't really need quite as much however you have less leucine oxidation during your workout meaning you're breaking down less protein less muscle during your workout all a good thing right you have more fat utilization which means you're carb sparing so you're not only sparing protein you're sparing carbohydrates so what should you do you are better off having periodic bits of protein throughout the day than you are consolidating your protein post workout a lot of people consolidate their protein post workout and here's what it does it gets you just the amount that you need but then the extra ends up going to storage or burned for energy why waste it you're going to have a better effect having a regular amount of after your workout and then a regular amount of protein a few hours later and a regular amount of protein a few hours later and like in thrive market the snacks and stuff i have below i've got a lot of high protein snacks that you can have throughout the course of the day so perfect for that so less about protein post workout more about consistent protein now let's move into growth hormone and estrogen and this stuff because this is the real golden stuff here women produce two to three times as much growth hormone as men do that means that it is more for you in terms of building muscle about getting the right growth hormone activation the right mtor activation and just the right protein synthesis than it is hormonal you don't need to be worrying about testosterone there's studies that show that testosterone has very little effect in women when it comes to building muscle in fact so this study that's published in the fafsa journal it took a look at female androgen knockout mics that means they took mice that were women that had no androgen receptors they knocked out their androgen receptors so testosterone was totally null and void well guess what no muscle impairment on those mice i know it's mice but still relevant no muscle impairment even without any androgen receptors showing that when it comes down to females testosterone plays very very little role in your overall muscle it's more growth hormone related so maximize your growth hormone levels how are some ways that you can do that well of course training intensity but also periodic fasting periodic fasting is going to make you more sensitive to having a spike in growth hormone but it's also going to improve growth hormone because your body gets a chance to rest there are some studies that show that you get these exorbitant like 2 000 increases that's very acute settings and i don't want to go down that data rabbit hole point is fasting is good for growth hormone levels and it allows you to get these acute bouts of protein synthesis when you do eat so try doing 16 hour fasts and then working out towards the end of your fast and get a nice little spike of growth hormone that way because that's what's going to help females build muscle versus the testosterone maybe a little bit more so in men and also just fyi i have fasting intermittent fasting bundles with thrive market you can check out too now the big one maximizing the phases of the month maximize your estrogen cycles first couple of weeks of your cycle you are more estrogen dominant uh the back half you're more progesterone dominant estrogen is not always bad estrogen is very anti-catabolic it helps you from breaking down protein okay it helps you from breaking down muscle it aids in recovery significantly okay so what that means is you're going to reduce your protein turnover you're going to reduce the amount that your body is burning of your protein so you actually get a chance to get into a positive nitrogen balance so use the first two weeks of your cycle for more mass building heavier training harder lifts more protein because you have a chance to actually build muscle during this time in a very strong hormonal way actually your body is allowing you to make that happen plus recovery is going to be better you're not going to get a sore okay you're going to feel better then you use the back half and your progesterone levels are a little bit higher to focus more on endurance and a little bit more on fat loss because you have less of the estrogen at that point in time and you can start focusing a little bit more on maybe the adrenaline specific moves like the high intensity interval training and the endurance work that's going to allow you to burn a little bit more fat so you divide your month into muscle building a little less cardio and then cardio more cardio centric excuse me and a little less muscle building and that way you can focus on just taking advantage of where your body is at a specific point in time so i hope this helps give you some takeaways just to recap minimal carbs needed post-workout it's actually more likely to help you gain fat than anything else okay so still have protein after workout train slightly higher reps okay then you want to again train slightly higher reps there you want to have protein spread throughout the course of the day versus right after your workout periodic fasting training in a fasted state despite growth hormone and train during the first two weeks of your cycle to build more muscle during that time as always keep it locked in here on my channel thanks for watching see you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @KB-xk8pr [167 likes]: Great video, thanks Thomas!
Just signed up for thrive market, so far I'm loving it. Those links are very helpful,  because there are so many items to choose from.
  2. @dinosaurguts14 [1 likes]: Thank u for this
Im a female marine trying to get strong and big
I might not get big like I want but the strength will make up for it
Imma pair this with my creatine
  3. @halsey_traducoes7283 [1 likes]: I only needed to listen to 0:40 seconds to understand that this guy didn't do his research. I mean, the rest can be absolutely correct but sharing 2 huge misinformation is bad and only in the first 2:00 of the video...
  4. @merrymay1982 [1 likes]: Can we get an update on this? Seems a lot has changed since 2020.
  5. @happy_bubble7 [1 likes]: Remember ladies... most womens bodies arent textbook. Average is just the most common seen. And endometriosis, PCOS, cysts, fibroids, menopause and perimenopause and other endocrine issues heavily impact how your body does or doesnt utilize what you eat. Fasting doesnt work for everyone and can cause many many problems for a lot of people. Especially if you have endocrine issues or ED issues.
  6. @Sushma-j8l6h: ❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @alchemicamil: Great video and helps a lot! Mind I say, during the first 3 days of menstruation, it’s smart to minimize cardia/activity, since more fluid loss = shorter life span (shortly said)
  8. @NezzieXo: THANK YOU SO MUCH! Ive been following gym tutorials That were for men, I didn’t know there was a difference between how men and women workout. Ive been having some troubles trying to gain muscle but this makes so much sence thank youu ✨
  9. @mohini1730: I can’t keep up with same diet or routine or strenght during my periods. I had to skip exercises for 1 week atlest
  10. @helenk2651: We need more differentiated content like this. Thank you.
  11. @GloryToGod1111: Being a woman is some type of curse from God. I'm sure about it.
  12. @stephanies3129: This is so well explained 
thanks!
  13. @Useroene: please do more videos like this on ladies! thank youu❤❤
  14. @mobill93: I work as a professional cleaner and sweat all day I'm 155 5'10 but still have fat I don't want I'm always hard on my body always have been but I want this gone and fit like I've always wanted
  15. @mobill93: I'm lucky to get 2 meals should I still focus on protein
  16. @mobill93: My biggest thing is bordom and getting a routine I just want to build muscle 😔
  17. @Saturn_Xx: Hi! Can the fasting hours be included in sleep? I mean, we kind of fast during sleep, so can I include these hours in the 16h fast?
  18. @RadioGirLF: Great informative video. Thank you so much!
  19. @hawkwardart: wish we had at least an hour worth of details rather than a quarter of that. this is just an overview
  20. @MaineGirlOutdoors: Thank you!

- What Are The BEST VEGAN Protein Sources to Build Muscle & Lose Fat? (Eat These!): Kind: captions Language: en if your goal is to lose body fat increase some lean muscle mass and get strong then eating enough protein and maintaining a calorie deficit along with strength training is the key if you are vegan you can't achieve high protein intake while relying on beans and lentils as your primary protein sources in this video I'm going to break it down step by step as to why beans lentils nuts and seeds are not ideal to increase your overall protein intake while maintaining less calories we are going to compare protein to calorie ratio in these examples to prove my point before we get into all those details I want to say three things number one I am not going to be telling you what you should be eating and should not be eating I'm going to Simply State the facts with all these various examples it's entirely up to you what you do with this information and how you modify your diet to meet your protein Targets number two I am not saying beans and lentils and nuts and seeds are bad for you they are amazing for your health I have been raised vegetarian all my life and I consumed plenty of beans and lentils throughout my life and I still continue to enjoy them in my daily diet to maintain a Fit Body body beans and lentils are amazing for our health they contain ton of iron magnesium and lots of other vitamins and nutrients we should all incorporate beans and lentils into our daily diet however all I'm trying to say is that if your goal is to change your overall body composition and maintain low calories then relying completely on beans and lentils is not going to be ideal and number the reason why I am sharing this information is because this is one of the mistake most women make when their goal is to increase some lean muscle mass relying on beans and lentils alone will not help you achieve that goal and that is one of the mistakes I made at the start of my fitness journey and I'm simply sharing this information with you so that you don't have to make the same mistakes that I made before we dive into all the details let's quickly talk about two things number one why do calories matter and number two why do we need to keep our protein intake High calories are the king when it comes to losing weight so if your goal is to lose fat and increase some lean muscle mass which is what body recomposition is then you need to increase your overall protein intake while maintaining a calorie deficit and it becomes really challenging as a vegan again if you are completely relying on beans lentils nuts and seeds to get your protein targets to demonstrate this example let's say that you're a female and you need to eat 1,650 calories per day and about 120 gram of protein in order to successfully lose fat and increase some lean muscle mass so if you are completely relying on beans and lentils it's going to be really hard for you to maintain your calorie deficit while keeping your protein intake High number two why does high protein matter protein is an essential macronutrient just like carbs and fat pretty much every part of our body is built from protein we need protein to help us repair our muscle tissue or possibly grow our muscle tissue our body needs protein for producing hormones and enzymes and pretty much for staying alive and one of the other reason protein is essential when you are trying to change your overall body composition is because protein helps you stay satiated when you incorporate protein at every single meal you feel lot more Fuller from those meals and that means you're going to end up eating less calories overall at the end of the day now let's go over some of the examples of beans and lentils and comp compare their protein to calorie ratio to help us understand as to why they are not the best primary protein sources when you're trying to change your overall body composition so in order to get 25 grams of protein from chick peas you will need to eat about 467 calories from chickpeas alone that is roughly 285 G of serving to get 25 G of protein from black beans you will need to eat about 420 calories that's about 300 G of black beans which is roughly about 2 cups to get 25 g of protein from cooked lentils which are about 325 calories and roughly about 280 G of serving to get 25 g of protein from green peas you will need to consume about 390 calories and roughly about 500 G of green peas so as you can see in order to get only 25 gram of protein that's how much food volume you need to be eating in order to get those protein targets I don't know about you but as a female if I eat that many beans and lentils in a day I will be extremely bloated and uncomfortable everyone is different I am not saying that what I experience you are going to experience the same thing but this is one of the things that you should consider now let's look at quinoa most people think that quinoa is a great plant-based protein Source yes quinoa is great in a sense that it has all nine essential amino acids however quinoa is not that high in protein as you may think to get 25 g of protein from cooked quinoa you will need to eat about 672 calories and that is about 3 cups of Cook quinoa that's a lot of food volume in my opinion now let's talk about nuts and seeds many people on a Whole Foods plant-based diet will say that nuts and seeds are amazing and they contain protein yes they do no doubt however they also are extremely high in calories and fat in order to get 25 gram of protein from almonds you will have to eat roughly 690 calories cies to get 25 g of protein from Ham seeds you will have to eat 442 calories to get 25 g of protein from chia seeds alone you will have to eat 729 calories as you can see the calorie to protein ratio is extremely high if you are relying on beans lentils nuts and seeds as your primary protein Source now let's talk about primary AR vegan protein sources that you should consider into your daily diet if you want to change your overall body composition number one tofu tofu is a complete plantbased protein because it contains all the nine essential amino acids to get 25 gram of protein from tofu you will need to consume 140 G of extraor tofu that is about 247 calories tofu is also higher in calcium and tofu is slightly higher in fat as well so it's not going to be completely lean protein Source consider tofu as a protein source with some fat Tempe is another great plant-based protein Source it's in the same category as tofu Tempe is fermented so it's much better for your gut health however not everybody enjoys eating Tempe as it tends to have a bitter t taste if you try out some of my recipes that I have shared on my Channel with Tempe you will definitely enjoy incorporating Tempe into your diet so make sure you check those recipes out at the end of this video I will leave the links for those videos in the description box below so to get 25 gram of protein from Tempe you will need to consume about 244 calories for those of you who cannot consume consume soy then you have an option of having fava bean tofu to get 25 gr of protein from fava bean tofu you are only looking at 111 calories and it has zero grams of fat so the macro for fava bean tofu are amazing I highly recommend using fava bean tofu as a replacement if you're not able to consume any soy products one of my other favorite plant-based protein so s is TVP which stands for textured vegetable protein textured vegetable protein is usually dried up soy beans it's a really good lean protein source to get 25 gram of protein from TVP you only get 165 calories and that's from a 50 grams of serving and it has only 0.5 gram of fat so it's an extremely lean plant-based protein protein source and it's really macro friendly and it's going to help you increase your overall protein intake while keeping your overall calories low one of my other favorite lean plant-based protein source is Satan Satan is derived from vital wheat gluten flour it's basically washing out all the starches from the wheat and you are left with this wheat flour this wheat flour alone is not a complete plant-based protein Source however if you combine Satan with lupini beans nutritional yeast or if you combine Satan with tofu then it becomes a complete plant-based protein Source one of my favorite way to consume Satan is using my high protein Satan buns which you guys seem to enjoy a lot this is one of the recipes I shared on my channel a while back I will link that in the description box below so make sure to check that out to get 25 gram of protein from my tofu and Satan steak recipe you will have to eat only 72 gam of serving which is only about 153 calories and not to mention it has 1.8 G of Lucine as well one of the other lean plant-based protein source is plant-based protein powders I personally love to add protein powder every single day into my oatmeal and I have absolutely no problem with that it really helps me meet my protein targets depending on which brand of protein powders you use you can get 25 gram of protein within 120 to 150 calories my personal favorite brand is Sprout Living you can save 20% off using my discount code one of the other plant-based protein source is adame 25 gram of protein from adame will give give you 282 calories and you will need to eat roughly a little over a cup of green adames one of my other favorite plant-based protein source is lupini beans lupini beans are the only beans that are very high in protein low in calories and low in carbohydrates to get 25 gram of protein from lupini Beans you will have to consume roughly about 218 calories and that's about 1 and 1/2 cups of cooked lupini beans one of the other ways that you can increase your protein intake is by incorporating some processed faux Meats I know they are processed so they are personally not my favorite things to consume every single day however they are a great alternative when you really are on the go or you don't have time to prepare your protein ahead of time lastly there are many other ways to without increasing too many calories and one of the ways to do that is by just simply adding 2 tablespoon of nutritional yeast on top of your pasta or inside your salad 2 tblspoon of nutritional yeast is about 4 gram of protein and only 30 calories another way to bump up your protein intake is by adding spirina into your smoothies one tablespoon of spirulina will give you about 4 gam of protein one of my other ways to bump up my overall protein intake is using silk and tofu as my desserts or to make my sauces or cook my pasta sauces with fourth option to bump up your protein intake is to use powdered peanut butter powdered peanut butter is a lot less in calories compared to natural peanut butter which tends to be lot more calorically dense and it doesn't have that much protein so that's one of the things that I like to add on top of my pancakes waffles or my morning oats it just helps me bump up my overall protein intake without increasing too many calories one of the other ways to bump up your overall protein intake is to use plant-based Greek yogurt plant-based Greek yogurt tends to be lot more higher in protein compared to normal yogurt another way to bump up your protein intake is to use soy milk depending on the brand one cup of soy milk can have anywhere between 8 G to 13 g of protein per cup so if you are currently using almond milk or oat milk then it's a good idea for you to switch from those milk to soy milk so good news is that you can combine your plant-based protein from different sources you don't have to completely eat tofu or only eat beans or lentils let's say you want to create create a Buddha bowl in this Buddha bowl you can have about 100 G of extra firm tofu which will give you 17.6 g of protein and only about 176 calories you can also add some cooked quinoa let's say you added about 100 gram of cooked quinoa which will give you additional 4.7 gram of protein you can now also add about 50 g of cooked black beans which will give you 4.1 gam of protein and 70 calories and then you can go ahead and add one cup of cooked broccoli if you wish that will give you about 3 gam of protein and 27 calories and now let's top off this Buddha bowl with our tofu Sriracha Meal which will be about 50 gram of serving and 33 calories with 2.1 gram of protein in this Buddha bowl now you will have 428 calories with 31.5 grams of protein so this is one of the ways to increase your overall protein intake as a vegan without increasing your overall calories by keeping your protein intake High you will be able to increase your lean muscle mass while you will also be able to increase your overall strength at the gym which is critical as we all get older our goal should not be chasing skinny goal should be to maintain stronger bones and stay as strong and independent as long as possible while improving or maintaining our quality of life as we all get older and only way to do that is by increasing your overall protein intake while doing resistance training I hope you found value in today's video if you did please don't forget to give this video a thumbs up and if you made it this far thank you so much for watching I appreciate each one of you don't forget to share this video with someone who needs to increase their overall protein intake as a vegan if you haven't subscribed to my channel make sure you hit that subscribe button I hope you're all staying healthy and active I'll see you guys very soon on my next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrsslimonplants [57 likes]: Hey friends, I have been meaning to make this video for a while and I'm glad I finally did. I hope this video will help many who are trying to change their body composition and increase their overall protein intake as a Vegan. Please let me know your thoughts and If you found this video helpful!? I would love to know what you think and connect with each one of you in the comment section below 😃👇
  2. @ana_ruppenthal [5 likes]: Tofu
Tempeh
Seitan
Protein powders (plant based)
Edamame
Lupini beans
Processed (not everyday)
Nutricional yeast
Spirulina
Powdered peanut butter
Plant based greek yogurt
Soy milk
  3. @arrow2593 [4 likes]: for maintaining weight, legumes, nuts, seeds and tofu are good enough. I can see if you wanna go into deficit you could be running a little short, but if you increase tofu consumption it'd still be ok. good video, but the title is misleading, because i would just consider tofu a legume.
  4. @jiteshg6656 [2 likes]: Excellent, Mam❤
  5. @rupeshchauhan2 [1 likes]: One of the Best & Correct Information on Vegan Protein Diet 💚 Thank You..!
  6. @TechWaltMD [1 likes]: Had to rewatch this. I appreciate your way of making your point without getting personal or attacking. I will definitely incorporate more of these.
  7. @sarajohn6855 [1 likes]: It’s great but textured protein isn’t it processed? How our digestive system handles it.
  8. @violaevavenczel8378 [1 likes]: Subscribed! ❤ Lovely and to-the-point explanation, filled with scientific information and knowledge! Love it! ❤
  9. @ajnamusic [1 likes]: Fantastic video! I've been looking for something like this for a long time. Massive credit to you and a huge thanks 🙏🏾
  10. @sugeiypereira6647 [1 likes]: Amazing video! Thank YOU so much!
  11. @vidhanchandrasahu1185: Galti se ameeron ki channel mai aa gya 🙏🏻
  12. @Hawkehaven2278: Gorillas and Elephants might have something to say about muscles and vegetarian 😂😂😂  when we eat meat it’s second hand protein.
  13. @RSMJ: Incredibly helpful video. Thank you so much!
  14. @jessintime: This was a great video, thanks! I've been vegan for 6 years and never  until today tried to make seitan (as I thought it was complicated). Wow, blew me away how easy and yummy it was (I made as "waffles"). 5 minute meal! And perfect to take on the go! Now I will be obsessed with trying different combos to add fiber (oat fiber/psyllium). And it's easy to get lysine from other sources throughout the day. Still love my beans/nuts/seeds but this opens up so many amazing options. Also great for lower volume eating days!
  15. @shantichibi2483: Thanks ❤ What about spirulina? It contains lots of proteins, doesn't?
  16. @Rottingboards: As a man, I just want to gain muscle...what is the vegan super food for this goal?
  17. @_Hannah_..: gooood Lordddd ~;,,, women Should not consume Tofu because the estrogen content is Too High ;,, leading to Hormonal Imbalance later on in Life
  18. @ভাগবতমার্গ: Being lactovegetarian is best. You will get every macro and micro nutrients.
  19. @Crickettoon-vl2jh: I am using TVP and lentils.
  20. @peterkornwolf6579: Did she miss Tempeh? It’s my #1 protein source as a vegan athlete.

- How to Lose Fat & Gain Muscle With Nutrition | Alan Aragon: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Huberman Lab podcast, where we discuss science, and science- based tools for everyday life. I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. My guest today is Alan Aragon. Alan Aragon is one of the most influential and respected figures in the fields of fitness and nutrition. The reason for that is because of his strict reliance on evidence- based information, and because he's co-authored some of the most highly cited and respected studies and reviews on nutrition and fitness. His expertise covers nutrition and training for women and for men, and for anyone who's seeking better health, fat loss, muscle and strength gain, or all of the above. And in today's episode, we cover all of that, and much more. Alan clarifies the myths, and the facts around things like seed oils, whether or not it's better to do your workouts fasted for sake of fat burning, low calorie and artificial sweeteners, sugar, alcohol, collagen, and more. Alan also explains how to determine your actual protein needs. Despite all the discussion nowadays about protein, there's still a lot of confusion about this actually. He covers the real science on meal timing, protein and carbohydrate intake relative to your training, how women's hormone cycles impact their training and nutrition needs, and eating and training for body composition changes for anyone. There is just so much advice and information online, but also in the peer reviewed literature on nutrition and fitness nowadays, which makes it very challenging for anyone seeking to understand and implement what really matters toward their fitness and body composition goals. If ever there was a voice of practical reason who is grounded in the peer review data, but who is also willing to acknowledge individual differences and preferences when it comes to fitness and nutrition, it's Alan Aragon. And today, he shares that information with us, and he also makes it clear and actionable as to what really works. Thanks to Alan, by the end of today's episode, you will be armed with the latest and best knowledge on nutrition and fitness that you can apply. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero- cost- to- consumer information about science and science- related tools to the general public. In keeping with that theme, today's episode does include sponsors. And now for my discussion with Alan Aragon. Alan Aragon, welcome. -andrew, it is awesome to be here. Literally awesome. It's no exaggeration. I'm super stoked, man. Thank you for having me on the show. - Yeah. Well, I've learned a ton from you through our online correspondence, and we've met once before in person. Let's get down to some important topics that are very actionable, because this is what I love so much about your work. It clarifies so much of the confusion that exists out there. I think this is really one of the signatures of your work, is that it clarifies. Let's start off with something that many people have heard, which is that we can only assimilate 30 grams of protein per meal. - Mm. -and the simple question is, what constitutes a meal? If I eat 30 grams of protein, and an hour later, I eat 30 grams of protein, did I just eat two meals? Can I assimilate 30 grams in each? And can I assimilate more than 30 grams of protein under certain circumstances? What's the deal with this protein assimilation thing? Okay. Well, you elucidated one of the issues right in the question. Are we talking about isolated, quickly digesting protein, or are we talking about a slower digesting protein, or are we talking about any one of those within the context of a mixed macro- nutrient meal with carbohydrate, fat, fiber? All of those conditions alter the behavior of what happens physiologically. And so, the origin of the whole 25 grams of protein max is all you can use, is the confusion of two separate concepts. There is digestion and utilization at the kind of entire body level, where protein has various metabolic fates for various systems, and just various homeostatic needs of the body. And then there is the specific phenomenon of the muscle anabolic response, or muscle protein synthesis. So, we have to separate digestion and absorption in general, So, the 25, 30 gram cut off, it's usually listed at, some people say 20, that refers specifically to muscle protein synthesis, where there seems to be a plateau at 25- ish, 30- ish grams. And we thought this all the way from the late '90s, early 2000s, all the way up until 2016- ish or so. 2016, when McNaughton and colleagues compared 20 grams of protein, versus 40 grams of protein, but instead of doing what previous researchers did with the training routes being very low volume, like 8 to 12 sets, a couple different leg exercises, leg extensions, leg presses, 8 to 12 sets total. And then you assess the muscle protein synthetic response to the protein dose. What McNaughton and colleagues did, they hit the subjects with a 24- ish set regimen, full body. So, it was a little bit more ecologically valid, in the sense that they tried to mirror what goes on in the real world with training regimens, with people who are trying to build muscle and really elicit this anabolic response. So, when they ran this experiment and they compared 20 the 40 grams of protein actually had a greater muscle protein synthesis response than the 20 grams. And it took us all the way to 2016 to figure that out. And then, a series of studies just kind of progressed from there and proceeded to kind of debunk this idea that muscle protein synthesis plateaus at 20, 25 grams. And there's some interesting recent studies on that as well. - Up to 100 grams, as I recall. - That's exactly the study I was going to bring up. That's by Jorn Trommelen and colleagues, where they compared a 25- gram dose with a 100- gram dose, post-exercise. They used a slow digesting protein. They used milk protein, which is 80% casein, which is a slow digesting 20% whey, which is fast. mostly a slow digesting protein. And there was significantly greater muscle protein synthesis with the 100- gram dose, compared to the 25- gram dose. But my big issue with that study is they really needed to include an intermediate dose, to see whether there would have been a plateau in MPS with something like, let's say, 40 or 50 grams. And that's because there's a lot of other research seeing that plateau somewhere between 30 and 50 grams. So, I wish Jorn et al. included an intermediate dose with that. - Maybe a future study. Let me just pause you for a second and ask a couple questions. - Sure. - If you can give an across-the-board recommendation of how much protein people - Mm-hmm. - should consume post- resistance training. - Mm-hmm. - Let's just leave cardiovascular training separately for the moment. Post- resistance training, what would that number be? Would it be 20, 30, 50, or 100? Should it scale with body weight? And how long after training should one consume that protein, if the goal is muscle protein synthesis? - To maximize muscle protein synthesis, regardless of whether it's post exercise, and MPS will be larger with the protein dosing post-exercise, than at resting or fasting. To maximize MPS, we really haven't seen doses beyond 50- ish grams, 30 or so, to 50. My colleague, Brad Schoenfeld, and I, we scoured the literature, and we wrote this paper on 'What is the maximal anabolic dose of protein per meal for the goal of muscle building?' And we boiled it down to somewhere between 0.4 to roughly 0.6 grams per kilogram of body weight. And so, in freedom units, we're talking 0.2 to 0.25 grams per pound, and that is what appears to max out muscle protein synthesis. - 0.2 to 0.5 grams per pound. - 0.2 to 0.25. - 0.25? - Yes. - Okay. - Yeah, so like about a quarter of your body weight in pounds, if you're looking at grams of protein, to maximize muscle protein synthesis. -per meal? - Yes, per meal. - Okay, sorry, because I think many people, - Mm-hmm. including myself, are going to say, "Okay, but this is only in the meal post- workout?" I wake up in the morning and I try to - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. work out before I eat, because I like to do that. Sometimes I'll have a little bit of - Yeah. protein. But let's assume two conditions, just for simplicity. - Somebody did resistance training in the previous two hours. -and they're trying to evaluate how much protein to eat at that meal in order to maximize muscle protein synthesis. - Or they're eating a meal separate, on a day they're not resistance training. - Yeah. - Right. - Yeah, yeah. -and then, as just kind of a generic example of a meal that doesn't follow resistance training - Mm-hmm - in the window of two hours or so, how much protein should be consumed at these two different meals? - The answer to that is so weird, Andrew, honestly. - Really? Why does it have to be so weird? - It's freaking weird, and it's complicated. - Oh. - That's because... Okay. So, if we go all the way back to 2003, 2004, and then we walk forward 20 years. So, John Ivy and Robert Portman put out this book called, 'Nutrient Timing', and they focused on this narrow post-exercise window of opportunity, they called it. So, the anabolic window. The concept was you needed to consume protein, and quickly digesting carbs. So, a fast-digesting protein, lightning fast, highly glycemic, highly insulinemic carb source, together within 30 to 60 minutes post-exercise, in order to maximize the anabolic response, maximize recovery, and then maximize your muscle gain. So that was their hypothesis. This was all based on subjects who were training after an overnight fast. And so, what happens when you consume a meal pre-exercise, or at any point, let's say, and a regular old mixed meal, medium size, the anabolic/anticatabolic effect of that meal is going to last anywhere from three to six hours, depending on the size of the meal. when you're somebody whose goal it is, above all the other goals, is to gain muscle at the quickest rate possible, you're almost never going to train fasted. You're going to have a pre-exercise meal at some point, at least a couple hours pre-exercise. And so when you're training, you actually still have these substrates in circulation through the exercise bout. And oftentimes, if somebody has a meal an hour pre-exercise, they're still absorbing that pre-exercised meal, - Mm. post-exercise. We looked at this whole post-exercise period as something that just doesn't necessarily have any external validity. It doesn't have relevance to real-world training conditions, where people are not training fasted. And so, what we did was a couple of things. First, we wrote a narrative review criticizing the post-exercise anabolic window. And this was in 2013. We kind of p***ed off all the researchers who did the seminal work in that area. - I'm sensing a theme here. Just teasing. -and we did a meta-analysis of the existing literature looking at the anabolic window thing. For the listeners, a meta-analysis is a study of the studies. You collect all of the studies on a given question, and then you look at effect sizes, and you sort of see where the evidence leans, whether there's a significant or meaningful effect or not. And so, we did this meta-analysis, and we collected studies that compared a protein timing condition, where protein was timed within an hour, either pre or post-exercise. And then the control group of the study would have to have protein, a minimum of two hours of nutrient neglect on both sides of the training bout. So we collected all the studies that compared these conditions. We had a brilliant stats guy, James Krieger. He ran the regression analysis. And essentially we found that as long as total daily protein was about 1.66, 1.7 grams per kilogram of body weight, so about 0.7 grams per pound, as long as total daily protein was at that or more, then the timing relative to the training bout didn't make a difference. - This is important for people to hear, because what this translates to in my ears is a very simple takeaway, which is that you don't need to obsess about the post-training anabolic window, especially if you're eating prior to training. - Because you have nutrients circulating. Now, if you eat your last bite of food at 8:00 PM, and you wake up at 7:00 AM, and you're training at 10:00 AM, then perhaps by the time you finish your leg workout, or whatever resistance training workout, you would want to prioritize getting some protein and other nutrients into your system. What you're saying, basically, it's so logical now that I hear it, which is that you have nutrients circulating in your body and stored in your glycogen, And so, you're pulling from a reservoir. If fasted doesn't necessarily mean starving. - General rule of thumb, if you're burping your pre-exercise meal towards the end of your workout, then you don't need to run towards this- - Oh, this is why I don't like to ingest anything prior to training. - Besides caffeine, electrolytes, and water. - The reason why there's a weird and complex answer with this, is a single resistance training bout causes this interesting cascade of things where muscle protein synthesis will peak 24 hours after the resistance training bout. And it will take as long as 48 to 72 hours to come down to baseline levels to where you had not done the resistance training bout. So, the anabolic window is actually not hours, but days. So it's more a matter of making sure you are consuming, well, the first in the order of importance is total daily protein. So, there's this hierarchy of importance. If you get total daily protein right, then the timing of the constituent doses of the total are just a distant secondary concern. - Even if it's only distributed across two meals? Like let's say, I train in the morning, - Mm-hmm. - maybe I have some caffeine, and a scoop of protein shake before, with some whey protein, maybe a few almonds to slow digestion down or whatever. Train, and then I don't get to eat until 3:00 PM. - Mm. And I only train for an hour, let's say. - And then at 3:00 PM I have a little bit of a chicken breast and a salad, maybe a slice of bread because I'm on the fly. And then that night I get home and I'm hungry, and I eat two rib-eye steaks. I'm exaggerating here. I wouldn't do that. I'd like to, but I don't. Those two rib-eye steaks probably give you - Mm-hmm. 75 or even 100 grams of protein and a - Mm-hmm. bunch of other things too. - Can you use all of that for muscle protein synthesis? - The short answer is yes. The nuanced answer is, let me tell you about a couple studies. - Okay. Well, as you do that, but, let me ask it a little differently. Not to shut down the emphasis on studies, because that's why you're here. But is there anything wrong with consuming a high, or very high protein meal every once in a while? Especially if you're not eating much or consuming much protein throughout the day. And the reason I ask, this is for practical reasons. Many people find it difficult to distribute their protein evenly through the day. - Many people also find it difficult to get enough protein in the middle of the day meals, or the morning meals. It can be done, and I know people will say, "Well, you have some eggs and some protein." There are ways to do it, sure. - But at least in this country, most people tend to emphasize dinner as their largest meal, for better or worse. And you can usually order high quality, high protein foods in a restaurant, like a steak, chicken breast, fish, et cetera. So a lot of people stack their protein heavily towards the end of the day. - Assuming caloric load is appropriate, et cetera, is there anything fundamentally wrong or bad about doing that, from the perspective of body composition, and health? - I would say no. And then there's levels to it. What population are we looking at? Are we looking at guys who are trying to win a national competition in bodybuilding for example? - No. - Or professionally, or- - No. We're talking about men and women, teens up to 75 years old, - Mm. who are trying to be fit by doing a combination of resistance training, and hopefully some - Mm-hmm. cardiovascular training as well. Trying to get their steps in. We're talking about the general population, not somebody who's trying to win a physique competition, - Mm-hmm or run a marathon or ultra. - Okay. So, generally, no. And I want to qualify that a little bit. my colleagues and I did a study testing out this anabolic window thing. This was 2014, where we tested immediate pre-exercise, 25 grams of whey protein versus immediate post-exercise, 25 grams of whey protein. We ran the experiment for 10 weeks. 8 or 10, probably 10. And there was no significant advantage of either condition. And our thinking was, look, everybody's harping about this post-exercise anabolic window, so if there is this opportunity to consume nutrients at prime time to feed the hungry muscles, then you would want to focus on availability of nutrients in circulation, and not when you actually consume the nutrients, because there's this time course for the nutrients to peak in circulation. It's usually somewhere between one and two hours after you ingest the stuff. So, how about we consume protein immediately pre, and then it'll be peaking in the blood an hour-ish later, and then you'll be right in the anabolic window. So, we didn't see any advantage to the immediate pre-protein versus the immediate post-protein. That was in 2014. So, fast forward to 2024- ish, '23, '24. One of my colleagues, Yassin Lak, he took our pre-post model, and he ran his own randomized control trial version of it, but he wanted to kind of exploit the possibility of further protein neglect So, he compared an immediate pre and post 25 grams of protein, sandwiching the resistance training bout, with a group that neglected all nutrients for three hours on both sides of the resistance training bout. Total daily protein was optimized close to a gram per pound, two-ish grams per No significant difference. No meaningful difference in muscle size and strength gains at the end of the, I believe it was a 10 or 12-week study. - That's very reassuring to me, because I have a busy schedule, as do many people, and sometimes I'm a little hungry before I train, - Mm-hmm - and I'll want a scoop of protein powder, and I'll think, "Oh, is it better?" We'll talk about whether or not it's better to train fasted, - for all sorts of reasons. Sometimes people don't like to train fasted. Sometimes people don't like to eat immediately after they train. - Sometimes you have to shower up and head to dinner after you train, or shower up and head to a meeting, and you - Yeah - don't have the opportunity to ingest in the, "anabolic window." - So, what I'm hearing through all these answers, correct me if I'm wrong, - Sure. - is that there's tremendous flexibility as to when you consume the protein that we all need, but the overall protein requirement seems to center somewhere around 0.7 to 1 gram per pound of body weight, - Yeah somewhere in there, total per day. - If the amount in a given meal is a bit higher than 20 or 30 grams, you're fine. If it's a bit lower, you're probably fine. But the thing that also I believe needs highlighting, that most people don't talk about, is distinguishing between what's in circulation, versus when one ingests something. We love to think that we drink 30 grams of protein, or eat the chicken breast, or the piece of steak, or have the eggs, and suddenly those amino acids are available. - It appears. Right - And it makes so much more rational sense now that you describe it, that eating first makes those amino acids available for the muscles a couple hours later. -and we just don't learn about it that way. - So, I'm very grateful that you're bringing it up that way. - I realize we could probably drill into protein requirements ad nauseum, but yeah. - Think about it this way. The way I like to put it is, total daily protein is the cake. - The specific timing of protein relative to the training bout, that is the icing on the cake, and it's a very thin layer of icing on the cake. I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge one of our sponsors, Carbon. Carbon is a diet coaching app built by nutrition expert, Dr. Layne Norton. I've used Carbon for more than three years now. And I have to say, having been interested in fitness and in my nutrition for more than three decades, it's among the most powerful tools for nutrition coaching and effective weight management that I've ever encountered, especially if your goal is like mine, which is to maintain or build muscle while also losing fat. Now, I'm turning 50 years old this September, and even though I consider myself in pretty good shape, and I've been training for a long time, and trying to eat right, one of my goals is to hit 50 in the absolute best shape of my life. To do that, I'm dialing in my nutrition using Carbon, with the goals of increasing my muscle mass, increasing my strength, while also decreasing my body fat. I've been raving about the Carbon app to friends, and to family, and to members of my Huberman Lab team over the last few years, and everyone who's joined me in using it has found it to be tremendously useful. In fact, some of those people are going to join me in my approaching 50 fitness goals, and body composition goals. My birthday is September 26th, And so, I'd like to invite you to join, if you would like to improve your body composition and fitness, to also use the Carbon app. Now, there are a lot of apps out there that are focused on fitness and nutrition, but what makes Carbon different is that it doesn't just hand you a one- size- fits-all plan. It actually learns your metabolism over time and it adapts your program based on your results. It also allows you total flexibility in how you eat. If you're plant- based, or you're keto, high carb, low carb, anything in between, or even if you switch back and forth between different diets, Carbon works around your preferences. The other thing I love about Carbon, is that it easily adapts to whether you're the type of person who likes to put in the specific brand and the exact number of ounces or grams of food that you ate, or if you tend to be a little bit looser about that, like you ate half a handful of almonds or something like that. It can learn and adapt to that and still give you accurate recommendations. So, if you're looking to take a smarter, more personalized approach to your nutrition, I can't recommend the Carbon app enough. To try Carbon, you can go to joincarbon.com/huberman. While Carbon does not typically offer trials or promotions, they've agreed to give a free seven-day trial to all Huberman Podcast listeners. Again, that's joincarbon.com/huberman to get a seven-day free trial. Today's episode is also brought to us by Wealthfront. I've been using Wealthfront for my savings and my investing for nearly a decade, and I absolutely love it. At the start of every year I set new goals, and one of my goals for 2025 is to focus on saving money. Since I have Wealthfront, I'll keep that savings in my Wealthfront Cash Account, where I'm able to earn 4% annual percentage yield on my deposits, and you can as well. With Wealthfront, you can earn 4% APY on your cash from partner banks until you're ready to either spend that money or invest it. With Wealthfront, you also get free instant withdrawals to eligible accounts every day, even on weekends and holidays. The 4% APY is not a promotional rate, and there's no limit to what you can deposit and earn. And you can even get protection for up to $8 million through FDIC insurance provided through Wealthfront's partner banks. Wealthfront gives you free instant withdrawals, where it takes just minutes to transfer your money to eligible external accounts. It also takes just minutes to transfer your cash from the Cash Account to any of Wealthfront's automated investment accounts when you're ready to invest. There are already a million people using Wealthfront to save more, earn more, and build long-term wealth. Earn 4% APY on your cash today. If you'd like to try Wealthfront, go to wealthfront.com/huberman to receive a free $50 bonus with a $500 deposit into your first Cash Account. That's wealthfront.com/huberman to get started now. This has been a paid testimonial of Wealthfront. Wealthfront Brokerage isn't a bank. The APY is subject to change. For more information, see the episode description. - Let's talk about fasted training. - And whether or not it indeed burns more body fat. - And here, let's expand the conversation to include cardiovascular training, and, of course, that's a vast space. Could be long slow distance, could be high-intensity interval training. - Anything that gets your heart rate elevated - Mm-hmm. deliberately for 12 minutes or more, is kind of how I'd put it. So let's be broad with what we're calling training. - Could be resistance training, circuit training, whole body, body part split, whatever. Let's take all that, and let's define the fast as not having eaten either for four hours during the middle of the day, or for 8 hours to 12 hours, including sleep the night before, right? - Because people then say, "Wait, but I'm fasted because I don't eat lunch, and then I tr- " Okay. It gets really murky - Yeah. - and then we could spend 26 hours here and we don't want to do that. So assuming that one trains fasted, - does one burn more stored body fat, in particular, or just more dietary fat, if there's dietary fat circulating and available? Let's just say lipids. - I think when we hear the word "fat," people think body fat - but there's also dietary fat. So, could you please discriminate between those two? - Yeah. Okay. So, picture this. Picture two people eating the exact same diet, identical diet. By the end of the day, same macronutrition, same food selection, everything is identical. One person, or one of the groups-- Let's say we're running a study, okay? One of the groups trains in a genuinely post-absorptive fasted state, eight to 10 hours-ish, eating nothing. They will burn more fat during the training bout. - Body fat? They will burn more body fat. They will burn more intramuscular fat. Their net fat oxidation will be higher than the group that has a breakfast. And the group that has the breakfast will essentially be burning their breakfast during the training. So, yes, during the training, there is greater fat burning in the fasted group. But once again, we're looking at two groups who are consuming the exact same diet. So the group who consumed their breakfast is going to consume less stuff, less food, one less meal in the later part of the day. So their fat oxidation is going to be higher in the later part of the day. And so, it all comes out even by the end of the day. So that is the kind of the big issue and the big - principle with fasted training. Yes, it does burn more fat during training, but you're looking at a snapshot of time within the course of the day. You're not looking at the course of the day. But you know what? This was a huge idea that persisted throughout the late '80s and early '90s. And even into the 2000s when Bill Phillips came out with 'Body For Life' and stuff, he was big on the fasted cardio and stuff. This kind of lore is really cool, if you know scientists who are able to rope you in and help you investigate this stuff. So, once again, I got to give Brad Schoenfeld a lot of credit. He wanted to test this hypothesis out, and so we took college-age subjects, women, and we compared fasted cardio with fed cardio. And the predominant lore at the time was the fat burning zone. So we're talking low, moderate intensity cardio, which they carried out for little less than an hour. And we compared an immediate pre cardio meal, which was standardized. It was a meal replacement type of thing. With the same meal consumed post-cardio. And then we measured body composition over People criticized the study for being four weeks, but look - It's hard to run human studies. I've done it. I've done a clinical trial in humans. It's very hard to run long-term studies, - Mm-Hmm. - especially in humans, especially when it involves nutrition and training. - Yes. Yes. - It's brutal. So, hat tip to you for tackling it at all. You're not gonna catch any heat from me on the four-week thing. - Good, good. - But I appreciate that you mentioned the duration of the study because, in thoroughness, which you're characterized for, people should know it. - Yep. Yep. So this is one of the only existing studies that looked at this question and controlled hypocaloric conditions. I actually put together all the studies by hand for each of the subjects, kind of customizing it to their needs and making sure things were hypocaloric, making sure protein was optimized. Interestingly, there was no resistance training involved with this study. They were just doing their cardio. Subjects in both groups maintained their lean body mass, but both groups lost a significant amount of body fat. No difference in body fat reduction between groups by the end of the study, whether they did their cardio fed, or whether they did it fasted. And that's because we equated the total nutrition between the groups. And - And you said, again, the subjects were - college-age women. - College-age women, yes. - And what was the cardio? What was the workout? And the reason I'm asking is that it's impressive that they all lost body fat, - as long as they ate the appropriate amount of calories, didn't matter when they distributed those calories relative to the exercise, and they maintained lean body mass. if they weren't doing resistance training, I'm impressed that the cardiovascular training was sufficient to allow them to maintain lean body mass. What was the cardiovascular workout? - It was low-moderate intensity, what might be called zone two type of cardio, where you can still hold a conversation but it's not necessarily a waltz. And so, the whole idea was to be in the fat burning zone. We wanted to exploit the whole fat burning zone concept, to keep the intensity low-moderate, so we can give the fasted cardio condition a chance to show whatever magic it might have. And so we didn't see that magic by the end of the trial. The practical takeaway from that is, number one, we didn't see a bunch of lean mass loss in the fasted cardio group, because there's this lore saying that, "Hey, you better not train fasted no matter what. You better not do cardio fasted because you're gonna lose muscle." Well, they didn't lose any lean body mass. when you form practical takeaways from the findings, we can say that if you prefer to train fasted, and you just feel better, doing your cardio in a fasted state, great. Do it fasted. If you can't stand doing fasted cardio and you'd rather have a breakfast beforehand, then go ahead and do that. Just know that that's not going to necessarily hinder your fat loss efforts, as long as you're net hypocaloric by the end of the day, or the end of the week. Those recommendations can change with the type of cardio you do, especially higher intensity stuff, or certainly competitive types of sports that involve endurance performance elements and stuff. that's the takeaway from our study, that fasted versus fed cardio doesn't matter. Do it based on personal preference. - I love it. After so many years of trends coming through, train fasted, don't train fasted, it seems like as with protein, what I'm learning from you is that there's a lot more flexibility in time than we might have once thought. But that the absolute calories, of course, matter. Prioritizing protein matters. And you still have to train. You got to do something. - And can I add this? Because I know you'll appreciate this. I'm not gonna cherry-pick our study and say that this is the end-all result that is gospel. So there's actually a later meta-analysis a few years later by, I think it's Hagstrom and Hackett, who looked at fasted versus fed training, and they overall found no significant differences or significant advantages in terms of body comp improvement, fat loss in the fasted versus the fed conditions, as long as total nutrition is equated between the groups. - Love it. This is music to my ears, and I'm sure it's going to be music to everybody's ears because it just says there's flexibility. And life is complicated, so more flexibility is good. - But it's disappointing though, too. If you're looking for magic, if you're looking for that special little thing you can do that ugh. - Well, maybe the magic is in the training consistently, the nutrition, including protein, and the knowledge that there's flexibility. I have this saying in my mind lately that, the things that make 90% of the difference, so sleep, exercise, nutrition, light, stress management, relationships, et cetera, in our health, are the things we have to do 90% of the days of our lives. And that's why there can continue to be so much discussion around them. This is why it isn't just like, "Here are the basics. Okay, you're done." It's because the things that we have to do every day, we often have to be reminded to do every day. But along those lines, why is it, in your opinion, that protein is so critical? That protein be treated as the cornerstone of good nutrition, especially if one is attempting to consume calories to maintain, or perhaps even lose a little bit of body fat, maybe simultaneously maintaining or gaining muscle. But let's set aside muscle gain, for the moment, and let's just say maintain muscle, but many people want to lose a few percentages of body fat. - Why is it that protein is so critical to that process? Why is it that indeed calories in versus calories out reigns true, law of thermodynamics, but that protein is so crucial? - It's mainly just a couple of things to keep in mind, and potentially a third little thing. So, the big thing about protein and body comp is, number one, protein directly supports lean body mass. It directly supports all the lean tissues in the body, skeletal muscle especially. skeletal muscle is basically our metabolic engine that we can control. It manages our body's fuel use, And so, it's super critical to support skeletal muscle. Protein does that directly. protein is more satiating than carbohydrate and fat, and so it's the most satiating macronutrient. The third little detail, well, it's got the highest cost of metabolism, or cost of processing within the body. So, it's the most energetically or calorically expensive macronutrient to process within the body. So it has a higher so-called thermic effect. - Those are basically the three main reasons why protein is so critical to things like body comp improvement, high-quality weight loss, fat loss. Yeah. -Those are great reasons. - And what about the hierarchy of protein quality? I think of protein quality in terms of quality of protein, meaning the type and ratios of amino acids, the availability of those amino acids relative to the amount of calories one has to ingest to get them. Because frankly, I've grown tired and slightly irritated at the, "Oh, these plant-based foods have a ton of quality protein in them." And I go, "Really? You have to consume 2,000 calories of that plant or grain in order to get the equivalent amino acid profile from a four-ounce piece of steak, for instance." - And this is not an argument that animal proteins are better ethically. I'm just saying at a quality, as a function of calories ingested, I feel like animal proteins are superior. But tell me what the data say. - Sure, sure. Man, this is a lightning rod of a topic here, this - We have a strong audience. They can handle it. - They can handle it? All right, guys, - They can handle it. - buckle up. Brace yourselves, please. -So gram for gram, as a group, animal proteins are higher quality. They're more anabolic. They have a higher proportion of essential amino acids. They have a higher amount and proportion of the most anabolic-driving amino acids, the branched-chain amino acids, leucine specifically. And, in the majority of the literature, when you compare animal versus plant proteins head-to-head, you see greater muscle protein synthesis. Now, with muscle protein synthesis being sort of the short-term indicator of what might indicate a growth trajectory over time, we have to see if we can corroborate that with these longitudinal trials. Where you drag the experiment out for weeks and months to see if there's any superiority with the animal versus the plant protein, for kind of where the rubber meets the road, which is increasing muscle mass and/or strength. So, there have been a lot of studies comparing animal versus plant proteins. Okay, so the animal proteins do have the edge in that department, and that's been reported in a couple meta-analyses now. One of them compared whey and soy, and didn't find a staggering difference between the two, anabolically. So, we can call soy actually a high-quality protein. But when you look at the individual studies, whey still has an edge, because meta-analyses just take the data and cram it all together into a single conclusion. - It's also important to look at the individual studies too. So, here’s where the story gets interesting. There are 2 studies now, that compared a And this is what's been missing from the literature. Usually, we take two groups of omnivores and we supplement them with, let's say, whey protein, and then we supplement the other group with some sort of a plant protein. - Like pea protein or something. - Yeah, pea protein, and interesting thing about pea protein, it actually outperformed whey in one study. - So in this 2015 study where pea protein supplementation outperformed whey, for increasing muscle thickness. I was really sad to see that because I was weighing it up, and I was like, "Oh, God, yeah. What are we doing here?" -Oh, it is what it is. That study has not been replicated. But okay, so the interesting part. We finally have studies where we're looking at completely vegan regimen. A group who's totally vegan, no animal products at all in the diet, versus an omnivore group. put them on a resistance training regimen, 12 weeks. This was done by Lorraine and colleagues. This was a few years back. they optimized protein, or at least made it at the bottom of optimal, at 1.6 grams per kilogram of body weight per day, in both groups, okay? But the unique thing about this study, it was the first time ever we're comparing vegans with omnivores. So there were no significant differences between groups in muscle size and strength gains by the end of the 12 weeks, where they were put on a progressive resistance training program. - It was isocaloric? So both groups - Isocaloric. Mm-Hmm. - Meaning, for those that don't know what that means, is total number of calories ingested per day, same in the vegan versus omnivore group. - Yes, that's right, isocaloric. Iso macronutritional, isoproteic. Everything is equated between the groups, macronutrition-wise. No significant differences in the size and strength gains. Oh, and by the way, the vegan group, their protein intake was boosted up to 1.6 grams per kilo or 0.7 grams per pound. It was boosted up by soy protein supplementation. So apparently, we're beginning to see that at a dose, a total daily protein at 1.6 grams per kilogram of body weight, the totally vegan group was able to hang in there against the omnivore group for muscle size and strength gains, at least within the conditions of the study, and at least for those 12 weeks, and at least for the subjects that were used, who weren't necessarily these high-level athletes or whatever. - So, if you construct it properly, you can follow a vegan diet, as long as you get 0.7 grams - Grams per pound - per pound of body weight. - And the weird thing, man, is the vegan diet overall had significantly less essential amino acid content. - Hmm. And significantly less branch chain amino acid content. But apparently, the resistance training stimulus is robust enough to make protein effects almost secondary. - Interesting. - Getting right back to exercise probably being the major lever in everything. Oh, well, sleep I would argue is the major lever over time. - I would agree, man. - Yeah. Yeah. But I will say this, because then people think if they get one bad night's sleep to not train. I don't know if you're familiar with these recent studies showing that you can offset the inflammation that arrives from getting five or fewer hours of sleep the previous night. - With training? - With exercise. - Yeah. Yeah. - You just don't want to get into a habit of it. But if you're on the - Easier said than done. - I know. If you're on the fence about whether or not to train because you're sleep-deprived, train, but don't do that more than one to two days per week ideally. And even better would be to get great sleep and train. But I know you're gearing up to hit the next thing. I want to mention that this study I just talked about was not a one-off. A couple years later, Montien and colleagues did the same thing, but they used mycoprotein for the vegan group. - Mycoprotein? - It's a fungus-based protein. So you've seen that. - I think it's on-- Is it on Netflix or HBO, 'The Last of Us', where that fungus makes people anabolic? - I haven't seen that. That's what this is? It's based on this? - I'm doing a joke about a fictional show. Some of the audience will chuckle, or just think I just busted the most terrible dad joke ever. But, it's a fungus-based protein. Commercially, it's called Quorn, so Q-U-O-R-N. - It's one of these weird types of products that is unfortunately expensive. - And, so the plant-based, or the animal-free group, boosted with this mycoprotein. And then they were compared against omnivores with mixed protein sources. And by the end of the study, I believe it was a 12-week study, no significant differences in increases in muscle size and strength. And progressive resistance training regimen. And once again, not necessarily highly trained people, but we basically saw the same thing. As long as total daily protein is where it needs to be, then apparently, the animal-free group can hang with the omnivores at least for the conditions of that study. So I always look at these things skeptically. But the mycoprotein also outperformed milk protein for muscle protein synthesis in this acute study that preceded this longitudinal study. And so, there's some weird stuff that we can look at aside from animal protein that could be just as anabolic. So yeah, that's the story with animal versus plant and/or fungus-based - protein. So yeah, I just had to throw in the Montien study. - No, it's very interesting. - I think when people hear soy, there has been this kind of assault on soy for years. And I've avoided it not for any specific reason, but because I prefer other sources of calories. I like meat and berries and eggs, and this kind of thing. it's interesting that some of these engineered proteins, and soy protein, and pea protein, - when you really put them to the test under the right conditions, gram for gram, they seem to perform just as well as the animal proteins. You did mention, however, that satiety is a key factor. So, I'd be curious in this study, I don't know if they measured this, whether the people in the vegan group felt that they were happy with what they were eating, as compared to the animal protein group. At the end of the day, are they still craving more food? Do they feel like they desperately want a rib eye steak? In order to follow a fairly strict diet of any kind, but in particular plant-based, one has to have a good reason. - I think that otherwise, you just kind of fall into the availability issue. It's a lot easier to eat an omnivore diet. - Yeah. That wasn't measured in either of the studies. - And I always look at these things skeptically when you use essentially untrained subjects. - Because untrained subjects are always going to kind of incur this newbie gains effect for the training regimen, where the gains that you get from the resistance training alone are going to just mask any potential advantage of either protein type. Stu Phillips will argue with me on that all day long. We did a two-day-long Twitter argument about that, and - You spent two days on an argument on X? Stu is a fricking legend, man. He is a legend in the protein research area, but he will argue with two to three days on Twitter. we always end up at the same spot where, look, we need more research to see whether And this wasn't about plant versus animal proteins, this was about just total daily protein intake, period. We just need more research on highly resistance-trained subjects to see whether in fact, a completely plant-based protein regimen that's optimized calorically and total daily protein amount-wise, can really run with the animal-based stuff, like the high-quality animal-based proteins. And so, it almost depends on where you want to place your bets and where you want to take your risks. if gold is on the line, if first place at a professional or national level is on the line, yeah, I don't know if I would. But everybody's ideology is what it is, and some people are just kind of governed by what they want to stick to. - So, it really depends on the population and what the goal is. - I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our sponsor, AG1. AG1 is a vitamin mineral probiotic drink that also includes prebiotics and adaptogens. As somebody who's been involved in research science for almost three decades, and in health and fitness for equally as long, I'm constantly looking for the best tools to improve my mental health, physical health, and performance. I discovered AG1 back in 2012, long before I ever had a podcast, and I've been taking it every day since. I find it improves all aspects of my health, my energy, my focus, and I simply feel much better when I take it. AG1 uses the highest quality ingredients in the right combinations, and they're constantly improving their formulas, without increasing the cost. In fact, AG1 just launched their latest formula upgrade. This next gen formula is based on exciting new research on the effects of probiotics on the gut microbiome, and it now includes several clinically studied probiotic strains shown to support both digestive health, and immune system health, as well as to improve bowel regularity, and to reduce bloating. Whenever I'm asked if I could take just one supplement, what that supplement would be, I always say, "AG1." If you'd like to try AG1, you can go to DrinkAG1.com/Huberman. For a limited time, AG1 is giving away a free one-month supply of omega-3 fish oil, along with a bottle of vitamin D3 plus K2. As I've highlighted before on this podcast, omega-3 fish oil and vitamin D3 K2 have been shown to help with everything from mood and brain health, to heart health, to healthy hormone status, and much more. Again, that's DrinkAG1.com/Huberman to get a free one-month supply of omega-3 fish oil, plus a bottle of vitamin D3 plus K2 with your subscription. Today's episode is also brought to us by David. David makes a protein bar unlike any other. It has 28 grams of protein, only 150 calories, and zero grams of sugar. That's right, 28 grams of protein and 75% of its calories come from protein. This is 50% higher than the next closest protein bar. David Protein Bars also taste amazing. Even the texture is amazing. My favorite bar is the chocolate chip cookie dough, but then again, I also like the new chocolate peanut butter flavor, and the chocolate brownie flavor. Basically, I like all the flavors a lot. They're all incredibly delicious. In fact, the toughest challenge is knowing which ones to eat on which days and how many times per day. I limit myself to two per day, but I absolutely love them. With David, I'm able to get 28 grams of protein in the calories of a snack, which makes it easy to hit my protein goals of one gram of protein per pound of body weight per day, and it allows me to do so without ingesting too many calories. I'll eat a David Protein Bar most afternoons as a snack, and I always keep one with me when I'm out of the house or traveling. They're incredibly delicious, and given that they have 28 grams of protein, they're really satisfying for having just 150 calories. If you'd like to try David, you can go to DavidProtein.com/Huberman. Again, that's DavidProtein.com/Huberman. I'd like to talk a little bit about body recomposition. Simple question to start off. Is it possible to "gain muscle while at the same time losing fat?" - Yes - Great. That will be reassuring to people. - Does it require a caloric deficit? - This is the weird part. No. No, and just super interesting, man. My friend and colleague, Chris Barakat, he collected all the studies that witnessed this recomposition phenomenon with a recomposition, we call it recomp, a simultaneous gain in lean mass and loss in fat mass. So, he collected all the studies. He collected 10 studies, and this review was put out 5 years ago. So, you can imagine there's probably a few more studies that have shown recomp now. So, we can say about at least a dozen studies have shown this phenomenon, which we didn't necessarily think was possible 10 years ago. We thought, "Okay, you need a caloric surplus to gain muscle," and "Oh, you need a caloric deficit to lose fat." But what happened in these studies is the recomposition phenomenon, I think 7 out of the 10 studies was a lean mass gain dominant recomposition. So, in other words, more lean mass was gained than fat was lost. So, there were net gains in body mass by the end of these trials, which would at least very strongly imply that fat was lost in a caloric surplus. - If you were going to suggest to somebody the best way to approach this. - Let's say somebody, loosely speaking, this is not a competitive athlete. - This could be man or a woman, assuming that the same advice would pertain to both. Is willing to do resistance training three to four times per week. Let's say three times per week. - Do some cardio three times per week, for about an hour each session for those. are willing to eat maintenance calories or slightly over, and their goal is to gain some muscle and lose some fat. Where would you set the calories relative to their needs? Would it be an extra two to 500 calories? I realize that's hard to say because we should talk in percentages. - But let's just keep it broad for sake of a broad audience. - How much more than maintenance should somebody ingest? And let's assume that when they go in the gym, they know what they're doing. They warm up for 5, 10 minutes, and then they train hard. They take the sets close to failure. - They're doing, three to six sets per body part. They're training with meaningful effort. - And when they do their cardio, they're somewhere between zone two, and maybe they throw in a max heart rate workout once a week. They do some sprints in the middle of their zone two and go back to... This, I think, is pretty typical of what a lot of people are willing to do, or are currently doing. I would say, sort of the simple and direct answer is you try to keep the caloric surplus pretty judicious. So, 10% ish above maintenance conditions, which could be for somewhere between 200 possibly 300 calories - above what you see as maintenance. And the common thread amongst these recomposition studies was that protein was very high. Protein was somewhere between a gram to a gram and a half per pound of body weight. - Interesting. So, now we've upped the protein intake. - Could we even say that the caloric, this 10% above maintenance, should come from quality protein? - Exactly. Yes. Yes. And there's a series of studies done by Joey Antonio and colleagues, where they fed the subjects four to 800 calories above and beyond their habitual intakes, just in protein. And either recomposition happened, or no significant change in body composition happened. The pro - Were they training? - They were resistance training. what protein apparently does when you consume very high amounts of it, up to a gram, a gram and a half per pound of body weight, is it just sort of spontaneously does some magical things. It'll drive down your intake of the other macros. It will potentially increase your exercise energy expenditure and/or your non-exercise energy expenditure. It will do odd things. I talked to Joey Antonio when he got some feedback from the subjects on his very high protein study, where he subjected them to two grams per pound for an eight-week period. And he had subjects coming to him saying, "Hey, I'm sweating while I'm sleeping." - When you say two grams of protein per pound of body weight, - are we talking about increasing total caloric intake, or just using more of one's daily caloric needs, devoting more of that to quality protein? See, that's the super interesting and kind of mysterious part. They're literally saying, "Okay, maintain your usual dietary habits, and then just add 50 to 100 grams of protein on top." - So you're eating an extra chicken breast and a couple scoops of whey protein, or maybe some eggs as well and - So you're just adding more quality protein, - on top of what you're - Adding more quality protein - already eating. - On top of what you already eat. - And we already learned that we can distribute that pretty much wherever we want. - Right. Yeah. - Just do what's most comfortable for you, relative to your training and other needs. - And you're saying then, "But they're sweating in their sleep." They're sweating in their sleep. An extra 80 to 100 grams of protein, - The thermic effect. - just add it. Look, it's a free living study, so we're not surveilling people in a metabolic ward. the increase in protein could have translated to greater energy expenditure through a number of pathways, non-exercise pathways or exercise pathways. It could put more power to the ground during their training. There could have been some sort of some magic thermic stuff going on. Who knows? And also, we can't discount the fact that, when you're telling people to add, let's say, 80 or 100 grams of protein to their habitual intake, the weird thing about subject self-reporting is they tend to over-report the healthy stuff that you assign them, and under-report the unhealthy stuff. - The good pupil phenomenon. - Yeah. Exactly. And so, there could be some misreporting going on there. But over a series of five-ish studies now, just stack the protein on top, nobody gains fat and some people lose fat. - Awesome. - Yeah, it is pretty freaking awesome. Now, here's the thing that needs to be said. There was a metabolic ward study done in 2013-ish by Bray and colleagues, where they subjected the participants to escalating amounts of protein. it was a protein overfeeding study. There were three levels of protein intakes. There was 5% protein diet, a 15% protein diet, and a 30-ish% protein diet. The total calories escalated too. There was no exercise involved with this metabolic ward study. And the subjects gained both lean mass, and fat mass with the escalating protein amounts. So, there's different stuff going on. When you lock people up in a metabolic ward and they can't train, and then you're escalating their protein intakes and calories, they will gain fat and lean mass. But, in free living conditions with resistance training, if you just over-protein the subjects, they actually have a tendency to lose fat. And it's a really interesting phenomenon, because it's been seen repeatedly. - With men and women? - With men and women, yes. - The message I'm getting is, if you're going to add calories, add quality protein. - Make sure you're resistance training. Here, I'm building on the previous things we talked about. The distribution of the protein probably doesn't matter as much, as just getting the total protein, -Yep. correct? I find it very reassuring that I can train fasted or not fasted, mostly because very few of us have total control of our schedule. So, sometimes we need to train first thing in the morning, then we got to catch a flight or head to work, and sometimes people only have time in the evening, this kind of thing. I want to make sure that we talk about some of the other macronutrients. - Because carbohydrates do exist. We won't talk about fiber just now. Can we actually put fiber onto the shelf quickly by saying, fiber's good, right? - Okay. Fiber's good. Get fiber. - The short answer is it's good. - Get fiber, get it through fruits and vegetables. And if you're not doing that, get it through some supplement, but ideally through fruits and vegetables, right? - Fruits, vegetables, legumes, grains. Grains are a double-edged sword. - Right. Because they're high calorie. - You got the refined grains, the flour foods, and then you have the whole grains. But even some of the whole grains, there's such thing as whole grain goldfish crackers. A bit of a treacherous little area there for people who are trying to economize on the junk, and the calories that they consume. You could still have a whole grain diet that has just a bunch of crap. Right. So, fruits, vegetables, but get your fiber. - Yeah. Get fiber. - Fiber's key. But when we talk about carbohydrates, let's divide them crudely - into starchy carbohydrates, so stuff that - basically will melt in your mouth. That's the way I think about it, right? - Okay. Yeah. - A piece of cooked potato, a piece of cooked yam. Yes, if you put a piece of cooked pasta in your mouth long enough, or even uncooked pasta, it'll eventually dissolve as opposed to - Or you just inhale it. - Right. Or it- Well, don't do that. Or a piece of broccoli, which most of it is not going to melt in your mouth. You'll be waiting several weeks. - It's because there's a lot of fiber there. So, this is the crude way of distinguishing between fibers and non-fibers. - So starchy and non-starchy carbohydrates. - Starches in some sense are a great fuel. They put glycogen in our liver and muscles. They can fuel things like resistance training. - They can help us think. All the ketogenic folks are being like, "I think best fasted," or, "I think best keto," but - brain likes glucose. What is your take on carbohydrates with respect to maintaining or losing body fat? Meaning, - do carbohydrates make it harder to do that if one is doing everything else equally? meaning you're getting exercise, and you're not exceeding your daily caloric intake. Are starches inherently bad? - That's a great question. I defer to the evidence, and of course, evidence is its own thing. You've got research here, and then you have observations and anecdotes here. Right? - Well, let's talk primarily about research. Anecdote is great, - but it generally tends to circle around to what people find has worked best for them. - And I'm happy to talk about that. I'm sure you're happy to talk about that. - But I think, what I like to emphasize on this podcast, and what you do so beautifully, is to talk about, what does the best possible set of controlled studies say - when kind of lumped together? - Unless there's one study that kind of rises above the rest because it was done so well. - I think it's so hard to do quality studies in humans, so we have to have that caveat. - The more you control, the less natural the conditions are. Right? - The more natural the conditions are, the less can be controlled. This is why there will always be jobs for people in nutrition and fitness because - ultimately, you bring people into a metabolic ward, it's very unnatural. You let them free range and just tell you what they ate - they lie, or they forget - Absolutely. - and they cheat. They sneak some Starburst - and they don't tell you about it. So, that's just life. - Even clients who are paying you a lot of money, you can't necessarily trust 100% of what they're reporting to you, much less a group of subjects in a study. So, yeah. The carbohydrate thing, whether it's starches, whether it's sugars, either one. So the body of research on carbohydrate, and fat loss, you can distill it down like this. As long as you have equated total calories, and you've equated protein intake between the two groups, then body fat reduction by the end of every well-controlled trial in existence basically, shows no significant difference in fat loss between the groups. So, protein is kind of the great equalizer, as well as total calories. Now here's the little wrinkle to that answer. If you take somebody who's on a standard Western diet, and you put them on a ketogenic diet, or, if you control the experiment with kind of a high carb, low fat type of regular, run-of-the-mill controlled diet versus a ketogenic diet, and you don't equate protein, then the ketogenic diet will beat the crap out of the control diet every time with fat loss and weight loss, because it has more protein. - And in some cases, if you go as extreme as a carnivore-type diet and stuff like that, then you're looking at a narrowing of your options. So, the reduction in variety and possibilities also leads to less total caloric intake. So with ketogenic diets, there routinely is, when it is an ad libitum ketogenic diet that you put the subjects on - Can you maybe explain 'ad libitum' to people - whose Latin is lacking or haven't worked in a lab, Okay. No, thanks for that. So, 'ad libitum' means that you are not consciously calculating or restricting, you are just eating - What you want? - as desired. - And so, when you assign somebody a ketogenic diet where you say, "Hey, avoid this, and that carb food, avoid carbs, and you can eat as much as you feel like with the proteins and the fats. Go do it." What happens when you assign somebody that, is they spontaneously eat across the range of studies, somewhere between 400 and all the way to 900 calories less per day c ompared to their habitual intakes, or compared to the control diet intakes. That's just what happens. - That's interesting, right? - Because they could eat more if they want; they're not being restricted. - I think this speaks to how satiating - protein is. And especially how satiating protein and fats are in combination. If I'm hungry on a long drive, and I can only eat one thing, I'm assuming I have water, which I would want with me... If I'm out on the road on Interstate 5, I've got no food with me, everything's closed because it's Christmas Day, but there's an In-N-Out Burger, they're probably closed too, and I can get two hamburger patties, that's my pick. Not the French fries. Even though calorie for calorie out, they are probably landing about the same place, more or less, because there's just something so inherently satiating about protein. - Yeah. Mm-Hmm. - So, that makes sense, the keto diet makes sense. The issue I have with the keto diet is that until pretty recently, it was tougher to remain in the general social context of life. You can't have a cracker. - I don't like crackers, but you can't have a piece of sourdough bread. - That's rough. - That's rough, right? - We love sourdough around here. And then, people struggle a lot with holidays. Right? I think keto is tough for people around the holidays. As long as we're in this category of discussion - what are your thoughts about inflammation? And here's why I ask - and I ask it this way. - I know many people who struggled with their weight for a very long time. - A lot of male friends, some female friends, who, when they adopt a diet of the following things: meat, fish, eggs. Parmesan cheese as the only category of dairy... - So hard cheese, fruit and vegetables, olive oil, butter, coffee and tea fine, but no sodas or anything except diet sodas... They lose significant amounts of body fat. - Probably some water too. So they're not eating any starches: no rice, no oatmeal, no bread, no pizza, nothing. This is anecdotal, but they've all managed to lose anywhere from 25 to 50 or even 60 pounds. They're exercising typically. - Sometimes just cardio. So, significant amounts of body weight and they keep it off. And a number of their health challenges seem to resolve themselves, perhaps secondarily to the weight loss. But I often wonder whether or not this, what some people call a, "low inflammation diet"- - because there are so few processed and highly processed foods in this regimen, has additional benefits that start to synergize with the fat loss. And it's remarkable how much better they look, how much better they feel, and they can maintain that pretty well. Because you can say, "You know, I'll pass on the bread, and the pie, but you know, I'm going to have double servings of turkey and Brussels sprouts." It's kind of remarkable what can be accomplished with what I just described, and yet I don't know a name for that diet. - It's not what I follow. I eat starches. what are your thoughts on inflammation and how certain macronutrient profiles, perhaps, are pro-inflammatory or anti-inflammatory, or something people rarely talk about, which is inflammatory neutral, which kind of keeps you in a neither high nor low inflammation state - but just kind of normal fluctuations in inflammation? Long question, but I feel like it's one I've wanted to ask for a while, and you're the guy to ask. - Okay. So, I'm going to speculate a little bit. I think that any diet that facilitates substantial fat loss is going to lower the amount of inflammatory cytokines circulating and emanating from the adipose tissue. And so, if you can get that body fat down, then you can get chronic low-grade inflammation down. If that body fat is reduced from everywhere, the subcutaneous space, especially the visceral space, then you're going to do a lot of good things for long-term health. The reason why the diet that you described is so effective at this, is because it lacks hyper-palatability. And so, the way that you create hyper-palatability... Hyper-palatability is basically the tendency for food to be very flavorful, very delicious, and very easy to passively overconsume. And so, the formula for hyper-palatability is basically refined carbs, fat, mixed together, salt it, and/or make it sweet. And there's your formula for food that is easily passively overconsumed. And the diet that you described doesn't have these ultra-processed, highly engineered refined carb and fat combo foods that we are just kind of driven to just inhale down. - And so, I think that my view could possibly be a little bit too simplistic, but I think the inflammation issue is really tied to an excess body fat issue. I'm very grateful for that answer. And again, I've seen so many friends that lose significant amounts of body fat and stick with this diet. It's also one that if one were to have a slice of cake or a piece of pizza, you're not really deviating that far from the total contour of the nutritional plan. It's not like you're suddenly out of keto or something. - And they don't tend to cascade into binges and things of that sort. - I will say that most of these people also quit drinking alcohol at the same time, which probably - has its own benefits. - We'll return to alcohol a little bit later. - And there are some nutrients that are directly anti-inflammatory, like omega-3 fatty acids. - Huge literature on their anti-inflammatory effects. - Do you supplement with those personally? - I do. - You take fish oil? And I know that there's some controversy and some infighting with the idea of supplementing with fish oil. Now people are afraid of atrial fibrillation and things like that. But, eh, I've been doing it, and if you look at the literature, especially the randomized control trials, it is mostly good stuff, man. You could find negative literature on almost anything that you do. - But on balance, I am still comfortable with supplementing with fish oil at this point in time, regardless of the mounting evidence that, "Oh, it might not do anything," or, "Oh, it might have this or that potentially adverse effect." I kind of think it's a no-brainer if you're not somebody who eats fatty fish regularly through the week. - Mm-Hmm. Yeah. The high-quality sources of fatty fish tend to be very expensive - and they're harder and harder to find. And talk about controversy, you get into this debate about whether different sources of salmon... It gets really messy. I'm sure there are great sources out there, but that's a whole discussion unto itself. I take fish oil, I also have for many years. I plan to continue doing it, And so, I'm grateful to hear that you do as well, because you're the expert. - Yeah. We're both on that train. We're rebels. - Yeah. So, the anti-inflammation effect, if nothing else, seems to warrant that. I'd like to talk about sugar. - Hmm? - I've had people on this podcast sit where you're sitting, and basically paint a picture of sugar that it is not quite as bad as crack cocaine, and meth, but not too far from that. - Kind of exaggerating. And I've had people who land in the more, kind of tempered response to sugar. But let's define sugar. - When I say sugar, I'm not talking about fructose in fruit, because in fruit you've got fructose, but you've got fiber and there's a high water content and sure, some fruits have higher fructose content than others. Mangoes versus apples, for instance, or something of that sort. But when I'm talking about sugar, I'm talking about if one looks at a package or a label and sees added sugars. How bad are added sugars? Because those are really the ones that tend to - fall into this bin of "bad sugar" in a lot of people's minds. - Okay. So, they dilute the nutritive value of the diet and they contribute to hyper-palatability, if you're talking about extrinsic sugars added to the diet. Really, only two sources of intrinsic sugars are in fruit and in milk. Everything else, you're just pretty much adding it, with the exception of maybe agave. But that's kind of a rare esoteric thing. But added sugars to the diet should be consumed judiciously. The working recommendation is to try to limit added sugars to the diet to 10% of total calories. So, if you're somebody who likes to put maple syrup on whatever you might do, or somebody who likes to put honey on whatever you might do, then you may want to limit that to a typical, let's say, 2,000 calorie diet, and you might want to limit it to a maximum of 40 to 50 grams a day. - That still seems high. - It does. - 40 to 50 grams? Who's eating that much sugar? - Me. - Oh, really? You have a sweet tooth? - No. I love honey and I love maple syrup. - Ah. See, I have a savory tooth. I have to try and not eat the entire block of Parmesan cheese. I have both, man. I always joke that I have an inner fat boy within me, but I actually have been technically obese by BMI standards, around 10 years back. - You're how old now? - 53. - Great. Well, you - Yeah - seem to be in great shape. No hormone augmentation. We clarified that earlier, I asked. This is what guys ask each other nowadays, "Are you doing any hormone augmentation?" "No." So, Alan says, "No," and I believe him completely. But yeah, you're in great shape at 53. - Thank you. - And you have a sweet tooth and a savory tooth. - I do, man. - So how do you contend with it? - Oh, okay, so that's a great question because I can dish out something practical here. Protein powder. Protein powder satisfies the heck out of my sweet tooth. And I actually don't have the full 50 grams of added sugar. I might add a tablespoon of maple syrup to my coffee. - To your coffee? - In the day, yeah. - Sorry, I'm just laughing. - Dude... Okay, so do you know those moka pot thingies? - Oh, yeah, moka pot? Sorry. - It's called moka pot. It's like some... - It's a piece of hardware? - Yeah? - Oh, okay. - It's the thing where you... It's this odd, hourglass steel thing. - Oh, right, like an hourglass shaped coffee pot. - Yeah. Okay. - So, I have that. And what I'm trying to do, is I'm trying to duplicate the Thai coffee. Is it Thai? - What is it? It's - Thai iced tea? - really freaking good coffee that either - Oh, Vietnamese. - Vietnamese coffee. - Vietnamese coffee. Yeah. - Yeah, I love Vietnamese food. I don't drink the Vietnamese coffee. It's too sweet for me. - Dude - I'm trying to do a version of that with the Moka Pot, and if I put maple syrup in that, a tablespoon, it's freaking awesome. And I have that with half-and-half. It's really good. - So, you got a fat-sugar combination, plus caffeine. - You do this in the morning before you train? - I've been doing it. I go through these phases. But I have that. And so, the extent of added sugar in my diet is that tablespoon of maple syrup. So, I do agree with you, 50 grams could be a little bit up there. - Oh, listen, I'm not here to judge. Like I said, if I had a sweet tooth... What's interesting, I used to have one. I lost it over the course of about a decade. - I used to love Sour Patch gummies and gummies, and I love fruity tastes and that kind of thing. I lost it by doing something that probably has no scientific basis. - But I heard years ago that if I took a teaspoon of L-glutamine - and put it in high fat, in half-and-half, in cream basically, and took a shot of that twice a day, that it would kill my sugar cravings. - And I did that, and it weaned me off sugar. And then I increased my protein intake. So, it could've been any combination of things, or it could be total placebo. So, I want to acknowledge that. Although, I've recommended this to some self-professed sugar addicts. - And they say, "Yeah, it kills the sugar craving," but then they always add the, "But I still miss my..." whatever. They long for the sugary thing. I don't any longer. - See, this is where I headed off the sweet stuff. I make protein smoothies, and they're artificially sweetened, so it satisfies that dessert craving, if you will. - Well, along the lines of artificial sweeteners- - Why, if you want something sweet, wouldn't you just replace the honey with Stevia? Because it doesn't create the same satiety that the maple syrup does for you? - Oh, man. Okay, so maple syrup aside... You get caloric savings if your protein powder is artificially sweetened, let's say, with Stevia, or sucralose, or monkfruit, or whatever is being used in the product. You get caloric savings and you just kind of get the "macro savings," if you will, as well. And so, protein powders are, in my opinion, just such a breakthrough because they significantly augment the protein requirements, and they take care of essentially having something that is the experience of a dessert, to me anyway. I make some really good fruit smoothies. I use frozen fruit, protein powder. Sometimes I do a mocha type of smoothie. Sometimes I do a tropical fruit type of smoothie. - It's like a milkshake. - Yeah. It is like a milkshake, right. - So, you mentioned artificial sweeteners. - So, let's double click there. - I've seen some literature that points to the possibility that they might be, "bad for the gut microbiome." Those are animal data. There are some human data. - But I think nowadays, saying artificial sweeteners is too broad. - As we say in science, there are lumpers and splitters, and I think we need to split that, because there are low-calorie sweeteners like stevia, right, that are not artificial. - They're sort of technically plant-derived. - And then there are artificial sweeteners like aspartame, sucralose, saccharin. - And my understanding is that sucralose and saccharin have some bad properties if consumed in excess. What is the deal with artificial sweeteners? So, we're talking aspartame, sucralose, saccharin. Let's just focus on those. - And let's leave aside monk fruit, stevia, et cetera, for the time being. You can pretty much simplify it by saying out of all the sweeteners that we study, whether they're the natural kind or whether they're the artificial kind, it's saccharin that is showing a lot of the adverse potential. So, for example, the negative effects on gut microbiome that have led to impaired glucose tolerance in humans over a short period of time... Of course, the dose is debatable that they're flooding these humans with. But nevertheless, it's saccharin that showed these effects. With even body weight gain, comparing saccharin, sucralose, and I believe it could have been one of the others, aspartame, for the saccharin group, apparently maybe appetite was dysregulated, and actually gained weight. And so, there is something about saccharin that is not great as far as the range of low-calorie sweeteners go. But thankfully, saccharin is almost commercially extinct. It's hard to find saccharin unless you go to a Denny's, or some sort of greasy spoon place and you get those little pink packets. So, now we've got this other range of low-calorie sweeteners to choose from, and it's a little bit of a mystery of which of these low-calorie sweeteners has the best health and body comp proposition to it. But they're all pretty much in the same boat. You can find a bunch of good stuff with stevia. Like the dirt on artificial sweeteners, you can find a bunch of potential dirt on aspartame. You can find a bunch of potential dirt on sucralose. Stevia, it's a little bit harder to. - Maybe even some benefits of stevia. - Right? - Yes, benefits too. - Improved glucose tolerance and things of that sort. - So I'm not afraid of stevia. I always called it 'STEE-vee-uh,' but now it's 'STEV-ee-uh.' - That's me. 'STEV-ee-uh' is a me thing. - Okay. So, I'll call it 'STEV-ee-uh' for this conversation. - So, tomato, tomato. I've heard it's potentially good for us. - No good evidence it's bad for us. - So, if you don't mind the taste, and I happen to like the taste, stevia seems like a perfectly fine thing to include in one's diet. - Yeah. I tend to be amenable to all artificial sweeteners, honestly, even aspartame. The sheer amounts that you would have to consume of these things, even hypothetically, to incur negative health outcomes are just absurd amounts. - It's probably more dangerous to step outside and breathe in the LA air than - Certainly now. - engage in some aspartame or sucralose on a regular basis - that one or two cans a day. I don't think that can affect people in the course of a lifetime. - Thank you for that clarification. - Very hard to study though. It's not like you can - Right - find out definitively. - Although my read of the literature, of people that drink artificially sweetened soda or stevia sweetened soda as an augment to their efforts to consume fewer than needed calories per day in order to lose body weight, body fat in particular, is that diet sodas can actually be a great assistance to people. - And I went back and forth on this literature because I thought, "No, water would be better." But they compared water, two liters a day or a liter or more per day of diet soda, and it seems like it's a pretty good weight loss tool for people that would otherwise be drinking soda, or would otherwise be drinking just water, which really surprised me. I'd love to say, "Water's the best," but for weight loss, maybe diet sodas actually provide an important role for people. - Yeah. That was an interesting finding. I do think that most, if not all of the controlled intervention trials show positive effects of artificially sweetened or low-calorie sweetened beverages on weight loss and all of the metabolic consequences of what happens with weight loss, and they're all positive. There's some observational literature that casts some doubt on whether diet sodas are a good thing or not, but then we have the issue of, "reverse causality"- - where people who are in poor health are sort of seeking out these diet sodas rather than the diet sodas causing the poor health. - So, on balance, artificially sweetened beverages tend to be a net positive for health. But I know that a lot of people have a lot of issue with that because people have just sort of this natural hippie streak within them that would want to preach, "Only water." And you know what? I think it's a good idea to practice drinking plain water to get that experience of it being a positive thing. And I encourage it, but sort of the vilifying of is just not necessarily founded in especially the controlled intervention literature. acknowledge one of our sponsors, Function. Last year, I became a Function member after searching for the most comprehensive approach to lab testing. Function provides over 100 advanced lab tests that give you a key snapshot of your entire bodily health. This snapshot offers you with insights on your heart health, hormone health, immune functioning, nutrient levels, and much more. They've also recently added tests, for toxins such as BPA exposure from harmful plastics, and tests for PFASs or forever chemicals. Function not only provides testing of over 100 biomarkers key to your physical and mental health, but it also analyzes these results and provides insights from top doctors who are expert in the relevant areas. For example, in one of my first tests with Function, I learned that I had elevated levels of mercury in my blood. Function not only helped me detect that but offered insights into how best to reduce my mercury levels, which included limiting my tuna consumption, I'd been eating a lot of tuna, while also making an effort to eat more leafy greens and supplementing with NAC, N-Acetyl Cysteine, both of which can support glutathione production and detoxification. And I should say, by taking a second Function test, that approach worked. Comprehensive blood testing is vitally important. There are so many things related to your mental and physical health that can only be detected in a blood test. The problem is, blood testing has always been very expensive and complicated. In contrast, I've been super impressed by Function's simplicity and at the level of cost. It is very affordable. As a consequence, I decided to join their scientific advisory board, and I'm thrilled that they're sponsoring the podcast. If you'd like to try Function, you can go to functionhealth.com/huberman. Function currently has a wait list of over 250,000 people, but they're offering early access to Huberman Podcast listeners. Again, that's functionhealth.com/huberman to get early access to Function. Is there any evidence that coffee or other caffeinated drinks have a thermic effect that allows you to burn more fat? I'm a yerba mate fan, so if I drink cold brew yerba mate or hot brew yerba mate- - before working out, let's forget fasting, I happen to do it fasted, and then train, am I going to mobilize more body fat by ingesting a stimulant like caffeine prior to working out? - Yes. And yeah, it's a pretty consistent finding. The issue is whether the amount that occurs is something meaningful, that would be durable enough over time for us to be able to say, "Hey, we can use coffee and/or caffeine as an agent to enhance fat loss." I'm not sure if we're there yet, but the literature on balance shows a modest effect, a modest advantage on fat loss with caffeinated beverages like tea and coffee. - Great. I don't think that's discussed very often these days. That was kind of more in the '90s, but I think it's a great thing for people to hear because 90% of adults worldwide consume caffeine every single day. It's the most widely used drug in the world. - Man, I just looked at this huge umbrella review on coffee and health effects. It's net positive. I was very happy to see that. - On what sorts of metrics? - A range of clinical outcomes: cardiovascular health, different effects on sort of intermediate markers. Mortality, even. - So, almost everything that we can think of that most people generally care about, coffee either has a neutral or positive effect on it, but the threshold of benefit sort of cuts off at three to four cups a day. So, much more than that, or after that threshold, then we're looking at a potential detriment. - I suppose the only thing is to remind people to not consume caffeine too close to bedtime, because even if you can fall asleep- - it's going to disrupt the architecture of your sleep. - Agreed. - But I, and I am sure so many people are so relieved, even delighted to hear that coffee and other forms of caffeine are healthy for us, maybe even pro-longevity. - Coffee and tea, yes. Sure. - Whereas it's been debated, and it continues to be debated whether alcohol is good or bad for longevity. Last week, another study saying champagne was good for longevity, I think it was- - but plenty of studies are recently showing that alcohol increases cancer risk so much that the federal government now is talking about putting this on the label of any alcohol-containing drink. - I have an issue with that. - Yeah. About putting that on the label? - Yeah. Please share. - So, we can't lump alcoholic beverages into this single bucket. The literature on red wine specifically, man, you would be hard-pressed to find carcinogenic effects from red wine, either epidemiologically, or interventionally, and even down to the mechanistic in vitro stuff, like tumorigenesis, anything like that. It actually has anti-cancer effects. And even the brain-shrinking threat of alcohol intake, red wine consumers actually, in at least one controlled trial showed improvements in neuropsychological tests. And so, I don't think we can say alcohol as a group. We have to sort of look at the individual drinks because I'm sure there are differences between red wine versus some other alcoholic beverage. But people study the crap out of red wine, and there's almost nothing but good stuff that comes out of the red wine literature. Who knows how- - biased it might be, - commercially or otherwise? - But that's another thing. I don't like to dismiss studies based on funding source, but the red wine literature is almost all positive. - I feel like I have to push on this a little bit. Assuming everything about those studies is intact and not biased, et cetera- - I do think that when people are consuming alcohol and thinking about the potential longevity effects of red wine- - that there's some questions that come to mind. - First of all, what is the caloric trade-off? So if you're drinking a glass of wine, you're consuming calories. Perhaps not a problem? - Perhaps that's taking up room for quality nutrients that could come from other sources. I have a theory, which is that the controversies around the alcohol literature and longevity, in my mind, could boil down to something as simple as sleep disruption. For instance, drinkers have more inflammation. But in those particular studies, perhaps, I'm speculating here, they're drinking with dinner, and we know that disrupts sleep architecture, reduces REM sleep, deep sleep. This has just been shown over and over again. And chronically, over time, especially on a backdrop of a high-stress lifestyle, perhaps leads to more systemic inflammation and poorer health outcomes. In another culture, maybe in Sardinia or something, or in one of these, dare I say, blue zones, people perhaps are eating, and drinking, and living longer, and have lower inflammation because they might drink just as close to sleep, but they have a smoother, lower stress entrance into the next day. And so, the disruption of sleep might not be a problem. There's an afternoon nap in many of those cultures. - So, when I look at sleep as kind of the foundation of mental health and physical health, which is clear that it's at least one of the layers of the foundation- - I then wonder whether or not the alcohol studies can be evaluated just strictly on the basis of the measures that are being taken. And that if we start to think about the context in which alcohol consumption is occurring, social context, sleep hours, stress and lifestyle, genetic predisposition to cancers, et cetera, high-processed food, and on and on, I wonder whether or not some of this is going to shake out in the noise, as we say. - I need to qualify... I agree with all of that. And here's the thing, like my statements on alcohol mainly had to do with red wine and cancer. - So, if we look at what would be considered a moderate amount of drinking, one to two glasses a day for little people, and then let's say, two to three glasses a day for larger people. That is sort of the moderation models for those two. Regardless of whether it's red wine or not, or something else, there is a degree of disinhibition that occurs with drinking, that can make you say, "Ah, screw it," and potentially have you just wipe out the entire pasta plate, for example. And so, there's the disinhibition piece, and there's also the inherent calories piece, to where, I don't know a whole lot of guys who I am aspiring to become like body comp-wise, who are regular, significant drinkers. Most of them barely drink. Okay, so that's sort of the observational side of things. And then there's the addiction side of things, where you read the stats on the percentage of the general population that has some degree of alcohol use disorder. It's a staggering percent: 10%. So in a room of 10 people, chances are one of them is going to have alcohol use disorder. That's gnarly. - Well, it's the easiest addiction to mask. - Because, alcohol is so freely available. It's everywhere, and people don't- - It's glamorized. Alcohol intake, at least until recently... Things are changing. It's the one drug, because alcohol is a drug, then again, caffeine's a drug... It's the one drug that if you don't consume it as an adult, people often- - Do you get shamed? - are put off by that. Right? They say, "Hey, what's wrong with you?" kind of thing. Or "I thought real men drink," or something like that. So, I quit drinking a long time ago, and I didn't have alcohol use disorder, but I didn't like it because I wouldn't sleep well, and I like to train in the morning. So when people would say, "You don't drink, what's wrong with you?" I would say, "No, I train in the morning while you're sleeping, and then let's check in at..." In my 30s, I was kind of cocky, so at meetings, they'd say, "Oh, you're going home at 9:00 PM on the first night?" I'd say, "Yeah, but let's check in on Wednesday of this five-day meeting, let's look at how you're hanging in there versus how I'm hanging in there." - And so, I was always interested in the long arc of things. - How I could maintain eight or nine out of 10 performance, maybe even 10 out of 10 performance, day after day. Not necessarily a healthy mentality, but- - this is what happens if you have my mentality, and I think it's typical of many people. So for me, drinking was a hindrance to life performance. - I think for many people, alcohol is the way that they mesh with the people around them, and I respect the fact that that exists. - That it's hard to be the odd person out. It can be socially isolating, and social connection is important. - Here's what I found with quitting alcohol, a couple of funny things. Number one, I did get shamed. I was in the Dominican Republic, at the dinner table, and I like pina coladas. Virgin pina coladas. So, I ordered a virgin pina colada, and the server just cracked up, and laughed at me, and made fun of me for doing a virgin drink. So I actually have gotten shamed for ordering a virgin pina colada. But one of the reasons that I was afraid to quit is because I thought that events would lose their fun. I felt like I would sort of lose my ability to be social, and have fun, and have the same degree of... It's a weird thing. You don't know until you quit drinking that things are just as fun. Obviously, you're lucid. And you take a lot more in, and you can enjoy everything moment-to-moment. There are no lost patches of time. And the interesting and positive thing about quitting drinking for me, and I haven't drank not one drink in almost seven years now, come August, is that it taught me how to sit in my feelings, and cope with the stress, and come up with solutions. Whereas prior to that, "Oh, I know the solution. Put the alcohol Band-Aid on it." But I think that that impairs character building. It impairs problem-solving capabilities. It impairs coping capabilities, and I think those are super important for just basically being an adult. And so, those were kind of the hidden benefits that I experienced from quitting alcohol, on top of having better training sessions, having better training recovery, consuming almost a thousand calories less per day, improvements in body composition, and just mental health. All departments of life just kicked up and improved after I quit drinking. But see, I was one of those one in 10 who got into the drinking routine. And I'm one of those guys, if I like something, I'll have it every day. I'll do it every day. I'm probably going to have either coffee and/or eggs every day for the rest of my life. Same thing happened with alcohol. But the thing with alcohol is that you have to try to maintain the buzz, which increases over time because of tolerance, as you know. So that was the issue, - with me and alcohol. Well, thanks for sharing that. Again, we're not here to ram anything down anyone's throat. But I think there are many- - And I think that many people can do alcohol in moderation. - I just was one of them who was much better off quitting. - Great. Well, I appreciate you sharing that- - very much so. - Let's talk about seed oils. The dreaded seed oil debate. Should we fear them or not fear them? Let's assume somebody is going to maintain calories. They're not adding seed oils as a source of additional calories above what they would normally be taking in. But let's say they have the choice. They can consume a seed oil like canola oil or soybean oil, or they can consume olive oil in place of it. And let's just compare, which one is better, if either? And is there anything inherently bad about seed oils? And I want to make sure that we talk about the processing, because people will say, "Ah, the seed oils aren't bad if they come from a quality source." But most of the seed oils are through this high pressure, high temperature refinement process, and that's the problem. So what's the deal with seed oils? - Okay. The big picture is that people over-vilify seed oils. One side over-vilifies seed oils, just like the other side over-vilifies, let's say, your standard land animal fats, like beef tallow, butter, lard. But when you compare those two, like seed oils versus the butter, beef tallow, lard, you compare the evidence base of those two things, you can find more dirt as far as adverse health outcomes from the land animal fats compared to the seed oils. And that is the reality of the matter. It's really weird that seed oils are being vilified right now, because that's not the scientific consensus. People who have their nose in the literature are just kind of scratching their heads at the whole seed oil scare thing. And there are some people on the fringe who laser in on their philosophies and ideologies about seed oils. But then all you need to do is ask a short set of questions. Okay. And you specified the seed oils in the question, which is great. You're ahead of everybody else. So, what seed oil are we talking about? What kind of dosage are we talking about? And what health outcome are you concerned with? And then what trial do you find most compelling that supports your fear of the seed oil? And so, everybody, or around nine out of ten people immediately will say, "Ah, okay, you want to know what seed oil? Canola oil." Okay, great. Let's look at the canola oil literature. And one of the hardest things to do is find dirt on canola oil amidst all of the positive effects. - It's in almost every trial of canola oil. There is even a meta-analysis comparing directly the effect of canola oil versus olive oil on blood lipid profile. And maybe, unsurprisingly to some, but surprisingly to most, canola oil outperforms olive oil for improving blood lipids, in the sense of lowering LDL cholesterol. - That's surprising to me, because I assumed that olive oil can do no wrong. - You know what? I was taken aback by that, too. I would have been just fine with seeing there's no damn difference, one of these anti-climactic results. But when you take a look at canola oil's composition, it has kind of an extraordinarily high proportion of omega-3 fatty acids compared to olive oil, and compared to the rest of the seed oils, for that matter. - Omega-3? I thought it was high in omega-6. - It does contain omega-6. - And that is the predominant fatty acid in canola. But it has a high omega-3 content as well. It has a high proportion of omega-3. I don't know the exact proportion of omega-3, but what makes canola kind of special, as far as the vegetable oils go, is its high omega-3 content. Yeah. - Wow. Okay. That's going to surprise a number of people,- - Yeah. Mm-hmm. - including me. My sense is that any ill effects to come from seed oils are because of who seed oils hang out with. - Right? This is sort of the old, if you're old enough like me to remember, I'm 49, turning 50 in September, so I'm not quite 53, but we're of the same generation, and there was this- - We grew up without the internet. - Right. Well, there was a discussion around cannabis, for instance. - We've done several episodes about it. - We didn't paint it as good or bad, although I do believe that young people, especially young males smoking high THC cannabis can predispose to psychosis. - There's a bunch of debate around this. But back in the day, it was. "If you use cannabis, soon you'll be using crack cocaine." That was kind of like the argument, right? And over time, people realized that cannabis has its own potential benefits, and its own potential risks. - Right? Depending on a number of things. It seems that people who consume a lot of seed oils consume them in conjunction with a lot of starches, and perhaps with added sugars as well. And when you lump those together, you end up with a pro-inflammatory, often hypercaloric set of conditions, and people aren't getting enough quality protein. And then we know what that picture looks like. - It looks like the United States of America. - Right? Or most of the United States of America. - And so, I do think that there's something about who olive oil, and grass-fed butter hang out with- that has the opposite effect. People who go, "Oh, this is really high-quality olive oil," generally in my mind, are the sort of people who are thinking about the quality of the salad ingredients. They're thinking about the sourdough bread, as opposed to maybe a more refined sugar containing bread. And the people who talk about grass-fed butter are thinking about the quality of the meat sources, and they're not eating other protein sources that are laden with other preservatives. - So, to me, I think a lot of this, "seed oil debate," will be resolved when we start pulling apart the individual- - components. - They're riding in the wrong vehicle. And I think that from a cost perspective... This hadn't occurred to me until I started voicing a little bit of this online, in which case you learn a lot, quickly. - And what I learned was, there were a number of people who said, "Yeah, I'm hearing all this great stuff about grass-fed butter and olive oil," but there are people for whom the cost margins are just too high to consume all organic or olive oil. And you have to listen to that, and say, "Okay, well, for people needing to feed an entire family, perhaps some of these other fat sources, are more affordable, and therefore, what are the real health risks with those?" - So, anyway, I did a bit of editorializing there, but I have a feeling some of this is going to shake out in the fine parsing of these different diets. - I think people oversimplify it. What people do with seed oils, is what people do with dairy. They say 'dairy' as if it's some monolithic thing. With dairy, you've got the hard cheeses. You've got butter. You've got yogurt. You've got milk of varying fat levels. You're kind of hard pressed to find negative stuff on yogurt. You'd be kind of hard pressed actually to find negative stuff on hard cheeses. Of all the range of dairy foods, butter is the one that you can find the dirt on. It's a similar story with seed oils. Try to find some negative stuff on flaxseed, chia seed, sesame seed. You can't. Yeah, if you dig hard enough you can. on canola. It's very tough, too. Even things like soybean oil and corn oil. You can look at the literature and it doesn't paint this sinister picture either. And so, I think people are missing the forest for the trees in general when they're focused on, honestly, the cooking oils. You shouldn't be drowning or deep-frying your stuff on a regular basis anyway. So, yeah, and beyond that, when you look at the effects of seed oil that are examined in the literature for various outcomes, everything from the intermediate outcomes like biomarker effects. all the way to the "hard endpoints," like mortality, heart attack, cardiac events, and heart disease. So, the hard endpoints, as well as the intermediate or soft endpoints, they're all superior with the seed oils, compared to butter, lard, beef tallow, on the whole. So, there is a severe misunderstanding, and falsely founded scaremongering with respect to seed oils, to the point where I just think it's incredibly silly. People just have to get ahold of themselves and focus on the overall quality of the diet and not really get into these absolute death matches over what oils they use to cook their foods. I am a huge extra virgin olive oil fan. That is my go-to. That's what I love. Honestly, I could do shots of the stuff. I love it that much. - It's delicious. Yeah. - And I love sesame oil. Sesame is a seed oil. Sesame oil has been consumed by very healthy populations throughout Asia for the last 5,000 years. And so, I don't necessarily like canola oil, as far as sort of the stickiness and the oddness about it, but I'll still acknowledge that the literature shows overwhelmingly positive stuff about it in the majority of trials. But I prefer olive oil. And I would almost feel more comfortable recommending that if you like olive oil, then that should be your go-to, rather than oils that are, I guess, maybe Frankensteined or engineered to a degree. And you mentioned the whole idea of how these oils are produced. One of the concerns is hexane use to extract the oils from the seed cakes and stuff like that. So, the use of solvents to get these oils out of their native source. There's some interesting literature showing higher hexane levels in olive oil than in, I forget, it was some other seed oil, whether it was canola or sunflower... But nevertheless, the hexane amounts were well below established safe thresholds. And so, I really do think that people are getting sort of lost in the weeds and kind of missing the forest for the trees, focusing on the little grains of sand and missing the big boulders. Thank you for that. I think it's going to clarify a number of things for a number of people. I also love olive oil. Over the years, I've tried to consume less butter. I love the taste of butter. - Can I interrupt- - and let you know that I'm not anti-butter at all. - When you look at the evidence, if you butter everything up in your diet and you really pound like the... You're just eating sticks of butter, then you're hedging your bets in the direction of increased cardiovascular risk. - And there's even a really interesting study comparing cream with butter, on blood lipids. And so, cream actually had a neutral effect on blood lipids, whereas butter kind of skewed things in an adverse direction. Usually it's typically an increase in LDL. The reason why cream had this neutral effect, what they're figuring, and this is based on other studies as well, is that it's got this component called milk fat globule membrane, MFGM, which gets churned out of butter. And so, even within the dairy category, you have very differently behaving types of foods. And once again, I'm not anti-butter, but we have to acknowledge that some foods within a given food category are a little bit riskier, and you should be a little bit more careful about just the sheer amounts you consume of it over a lifetime. - Yeah. Years ago when first starting the podcast, when I wasn't aware of frankly how big the podcast was going to grow to, I made a joke about, "I eat slabs of butter to increase my cholesterol, so I have higher testosterone." And man, did I pay for that one. - That's pure gold. - Yeah. I've always tried to get a little bit of saturated fat in my daily diet, either through red meat, or through eggs, or through a tablespoon or two maybe of butter, depending on how hard I'm training, and what my caloric needs are. - So, I don't like to drop my saturated fat to zero, because I find that my skin gets dry, I don't feel as well, and my blood profiles actually suffer a little bit. So, that's just me. - But I just want to re-emphasize that I don't think people should consciously try and increase their butter intake. But between butter and olive oil- - and the fats naturally occurring in nuts, and eggs, and red meat- - consuming some omega-3s through fish oil, or through some fatty fish intake, you can get a pretty nice contour of the different lipids that include a bunch of micronutrients too, right? I feel like- - the idea of just emphasizing tallow, and butter, and red meat to the exclusion of every plant-based fat or nuts, to me seems nuts. And I'm- - friends with Paul Saladino, and I'll say that. I also think that if you eat a diet that's very low in saturated fat, like very, very low in saturated fat, most of the people that I know who've done that, and certainly myself, it leads to drier skin, brittle hair, achy joints. I do think there's really something to including some saturated fat in one's diet in, I would say, low moderation, right? - Especially as one gets older. - And I know that all of the carnivore folks have probably left the conversation by now. - The Mediterranean-keto model- - is legit. It's got nothing but positive effects that have been seen in the literature. So, if you wanted to go keto, but instead of eating a bunch of lard, or butter, or beef fat, you swap it out with nuts, avocado, extra virgin olive oil, some extra virgin coconut oil, then you have a much better cardiovascular risk profile. And you can still be on keto, and you can still consume the range of protein sources, and you're sort of getting kind of a win-win there. Oddly, the U.S. government used to recommend, and they used to dish out this recommendation, of your fat intake, a third of it... So, the government has always been into low fat, so 30% fat. 10% should be saturated. 10% should be monounsaturated. 10% should be polyunsaturated. And so, they kind of had the right idea there with- - kind of getting a variety of the fat types in there. And I'm familiar with the literature on saturated fat, and cholesterol, and testosterone levels. And as somebody who is not on exogenous testosterone, dude, I'm going to be grabbing for whatever dietary advantage I can get, as far as keeping my testosterone levels up. And so, I personally would not engage a zero saturated fat diet either. - Mm-hmm. I think that's great for people to hear. Are you aware of any female-specific nutrition advice, aside from adjusting for body weight? On average, women tend to be lower body weight than men. - Not always, but... And so, on, lower lean mass, et cetera. Not always. Is there anything specific about some of the topics that we've discussed thus far, from your experience, and I know your wife is extremely skilled in the department of training and- - nutrition, et cetera, for clients, that is truly female-specific? Something they really benefit from doing certain things, or not doing certain things that men can get away with, or don't have to pay attention to? - There's very little in that direction. Almost nothing. Almost no meaningful differences that you can sort of universalize about, "Women need to eat this way. Men need to eat that way." The only thing that I would concede to, is that if you have somebody with the goal of... You know what? Forget about the goal. If somebody is of childbearing age, she's going to have a monthly menstrual cycle, and during that monthly cycle, for about a week out of the month, her cravings are going to go through the roof. She might have lethargy at the same time, and just feel generally like crap. And even emotionally, things will be kind of dysregulated. During that time, I don't think women should totally fight their cravings, especially if somebody is on a weight loss diet. So, there's a tactic that we can use with clients called diet breaks. So, if you're endeavoring weight loss, then you can go hard for three weeks, and then on the week of the menstrual cycle, kind of take it easy. And then give into your cravings, so to speak, for that week. And I'm not saying to use that week to undo the progress you made in the previous three weeks. But I think that if you're going to diet in a cyclical fashion, and this works quite well with women observationally, then your week off, or your higher calorie week, or your maintenance week, just coincide it with the menstrual cycle. And that way, you're not fighting mother nature. You're kind of riding with mother nature, and you can have potentially an easier time improving body composition that way. As far as the other claims that float around about the perimenopausal period, or the menopausal transition, and, "Women have to eat this way, they have to avoid this and that," and eating... There's all kinds of claims being made. They should be framed as speculations, honestly. And with the menopausal transition... Menopause is a really hot thing right now amongst the influencers, and things like that. And there is some research showing that there is fat mass that's gained during the menopausal transition, and lean mass that's lost at a general population level. But there's a lot of scaremongering around that as well. And there's a study that was done. It's called the SWAN Study. It's the longest, and largest study on this topic. And they looked at the four to eight-year menopausal transition, and that usually occurs in women from their mid-40s to mid-50s. And they looked at early menopause, mid-menopause, post-menopause, and they looked at the effects on body composition, or the relationship, at least, with menopausal transition and body composition. During a concentrated three-and-a-half-year period where most of the changes took place, the average body fat gained was 1.6 kilograms, so that's three and a half pounds. The average amount of lean mass lost was .2 kilograms, so about half a pound of lean mass lost. So, yes, these things occur, but the magnitude of which they occur... And this is in the general population. This isn't in fitness people who are really meticulous about high enough protein, resistance training, et cetera. I don't think the scaremongering is warranted. I know that there are very real symptoms associated with the menopausal transition that make adhering to a fitness program, or a diet program very tough. The hot flashes, the lethargy, joint pain, changes in sexual function. The combination of those things, how they affect sleep. Poor sleep affects everything negatively. And so, when you work with somebody, as a practitioner, who is going through the menopausal transition, I would grant that maybe you set their expectations at maybe 50% of the amount that you would with somebody who was not in the menopausal transition. So, whereas you would maybe set somebody to expect around a pound a week loss if they're trying to lose body fat, then you should maybe set somebody in the perimenopausal period to be okay with around half of that. - Because of the other changes that are occurring that make the rest and recovery more difficult. - Oh, yeah. Yep. - Thank you for that answer. - I know it's a topic that, as you mentioned, is more frequent these days. I think it's important that it is; it's been a topic that hasn't received a lot of attention until fairly recently. I think because, A, the Women's Health Initiative studies weren't completed. A lot of them were completed in recent years. And so, the data, "were in." I think also the effects on brain, like the relationship between estrogen, testosterone, and brain function in males and females, is something that we're just now starting to really understand with modern imaging tools And so, on. - So, this is an area, of course, that's going to evolve quickly in the upcoming years. Collagen. I've had a dermo-oncologist- - Another death match fight. I've had a dermo-oncologist on this podcast, we talked about collagen. My read of the data on collagen is that the amino acid profile in collagen, which typically comes from fish, I believe, most collagen sources are- - Fish or bovine. - fish-based, or bovine. - The amino acid profile is not terrific, from the perspective of Low in leucine and other branch chain amino acids, higher in other amino acids. - But the amino acids that it is high in, comprise a significant fraction of what skin and other soft tissues are made of. - So, ingesting 15 to 30 grams of collagen per day might be beneficial, independent and separate from dietary protein for the sake of muscle protein synthesis. It also so happens, if you don't mind me saying, you have very nice skin. So, do you take collagen? - Thank you, sir. - He's 53 years old; you've got nice skin. Do you take collagen? And what are your thoughts about people who want to take collagen, specifically to improve skin appearance and for no other reason? - Okay, so I want to start off by saying that fitness professionals in the "evidence-based community," they have almost a pathologically minimalist approach to supplementation. So, it's almost like if you can avoid a supplement, and dismiss it, and poo-poo it... Hey, great, we won. I'm not like that with a few supplements, and collagen is one of them. And for one thing, of all the proteins in the body, collagen is the single most abundant. And collagen comprises about, gosh, 20 to 40% of the proteins in the body. It comprises a significant amount of bone tissue, and not just the joints, and ligaments, and tendons. And so, from a very kind of, no-brainer, troglodytic level, what is everybody's issue with providing the raw materials to the body that it can use to build these tissues? And the pushback on that is the idea that the body takes any protein, breaks it down into its constituent amino acids, and the amino acids get shuttled to where they need to go depending on the homeostatic need of the body, or whatever need the body has at the moment. Okay. Well, if we go with that logic, then we would say, "Okay, so then there's really no such thing as better proteins than others, as long as we have sort of a basic amount of the essential amino acids." No, that's just not true. And then beyond that, the interesting thing about collagen, and this is debated as well, is its resistance to full hydrolysis where you've got these collagen fragments that can float through circulation, and into the target tissues. These di- and tri-peptides, right? They've been observed through isotopic tracer technology, and they make it into the chondrocytes or the joint cells, and they increase the activity in the chondrocytes. That has been documented and published. But beyond that, nobody balks about consuming enough dietary calcium to maintain the integrity of the skeletal system. But hey, you talk about consuming enough collagen to maintain the integrity of connective tissues throughout the body, including skin. Skin is 80% collagen by dry weight, then people lose their crap. I kind of think it's a no-brainer to at least be optimistic about collagen supplementation if you're somebody who never eats the cartilage of the meat, the bone, the connective tissue parts. If you don't eat your animal foods nose to tail, and you're just eating muscle meats, I think the guy who does that but takes collagen as a supplement is going to have an edge on you throughout the life course. And on a related note, I think that's one of the disadvantages that vegans might have until they find a genius way to manufacture- - a non-animal collagen molecule. There are multiple systematic reviews showing the benefits of collagen on various skin outcomes, which are debated, of course. Whey protein always seems to kick collagen's ass for muscle-related outcomes, but that's not what we're taking collagen for. So, back to your original question, yeah, I do take collagen. - How much do you take? - About 15 grams a day. - To me, it's kind of a no-brainer, just like getting enough... You're providing the raw materials that the body is going to use and need anyway, and the debate is whether or not the bioavailability is meaningful. Ah, you know what? I'm willing to just do the first world thing, and take that chance and take the collagen supplement. The downsides are basically nonexistent. - Mm-hmm. Great. What other supplements do you take? Maybe we can establish a hierarchy of supplements or clusters. - Instead of the top one, let's talk- - which ones by disposable budget. I think this is a real-world perspective. - So, let's agree that the main thing is to get enough sleep, exercise, eat well. To eat well, you want to emphasize what you talked about, and to try and get the best quality sources that you can afford. Let's assume that somebody has the amount of disposable income to be able to buy one or two supplements to take on an ongoing basis. - And let's set aside food supplements, like whey protein- - from vitamins and performance supplements, and just kind of put them all out there. Okay, let's say I've got... It's just going to differ by country, but let's say, I've got $150 of disposable income. I could get one or two supplements that I can take ongoing. - What would you place into that category? - If the goal is to keep lean tissue the same, or increase lean tissue, and keep body fat where it is, or lose some body fat, overall vigor, overall health, longevity. - Okay. Got it. - Yeah, the big picture. Yeah. - Okay, so my answer to this is going to be very bro-scientific, because it is so hard to study those outcomes, that we almost are just placing our bets when we do the supplement thing, beyond having a diet that is diverse across and within the food groups, and provides all the essential macro and micro nutrients, which it often doesn't, especially if we're dieting, especially if we're training, or a combination of both. Especially if we're caught out and not eating an optimal diet, traveling all over the place, which we often are. So, I personally see a multivitamin, and mineral as a no-brainer, a no-fricking-brainer. Who do you know that eats this pristine diet that just nails all of the micronutrients in optimal amounts? That's a very rare person, and that person would have to be covering the food groups, and eating a whole lot of calories across and within the different groups. So, this is the bro-science part of me... I take two multivitamins. - A double dose of the same one, or two different ones? - Two different ones. One of them does not have iron. - One of them does. - You take them with meals? - I take it with meals, yes. - In the early part of the day, presumably? - I take it with dinner. - Hmm. Okay. - That's usually my largest meal. Mm-hmm, yeah. - Okay. So, a good quality multivitamin? - I do that. Usually with multivitamins, it would have to be an absolute horse pill to get enough vitamin D, or vitamin D3 in that. So, I do take extra vitamin D3. - How many IU per day? - Oh, that's where I get real bro- scientific on you, man. I take quite a bit. The literature cuts off with benefits below a thousand IUs. I take 4000 IUs. - I don't think that's exceedingly high. - Yeah, well, you don't... You're a bro too. - Yeah... Listen, I have female family members who were having some health struggles, that for whom the only change was 5000 IU of vitamin D3 per day, and it made a significant positive effect on a number of different subjective metrics, and some objective metrics. And these were people that were getting their sunlight, and eating very high-quality food, and really putting time and effort into it. - So, I'm a believer in D3. - D3 is getting "PubMeded" right now in a similar way that fish oil is getting "PubMeded." - I like that. We verbed PubMed. Yeah. - We did. So, it's now a controversial thing to take vitamin D3. You have position statements rolling out, "Oh, well, we thought you need... Now you don't really... Ah." - Okay, so a good multivitamin with iron, especially for women- - who menstruate, right? - Especially you'll need that. Vitamin D, D3? - I take vitamin D3. I take fish oil. - I take three grams of fish oil. Not three grams combined EPA/DHA, but three grams in three one-gram capsules. That's a good amount, I would say. Does that get you over the one gram per day of EPA? - It's right around there. Yeah, it is. - Yeah, that's what I shoot for, too. It's one gram per day of EPA, which means taking about three grams total. - Yeah, it's about one gram a day of combined EPA/DHA, and the atrial fib literature is showing that anything much above that, okay, then you're incurring this risk. But you know what, man? I don't believe everything I read. Even in the peer-reviewed literature. - You've been a scientist too long to- - Yeah, dude. - believe everything you read. Right. That's how it works, yeah. - There are just certain things you just take with a grain of salt. You recognize the literature evidence base, and then you make the judgment call. It's based on your own sensibilities, and how you respond individually. - The regular hierarchy of evidence is one way, but I think at the very tip is, how do you respond individually to protocol? So, yeah. And so, Fish oil, I do take that. Another thing that would blow up the size of a multivitamin, is getting enough magnesium to show benefits, so I take magnesium. - Which form of magnesium do you emphasize? - Magnesium citrate. - I'm cool with pretty much anything except magnesium oxide. - Oxide is the low bioavailability form. - But yeah, magnesium citrate. And I do take creatine, about five grams a day. And I do take... Another bro-science maneuver which, boy, I'm really incriminating myself here. I take vitamin C. Extra vitamin C, a gram a day. - What effect are you seeking with the vitamin C? - Effects on immunity, plus kind of a potential synergy with the collagen. - Oh, right, and there are some data on this. I realize that you're framing all of this very cautiously under the umbrella of bro-science, but- - And this is just me. I wouldn't tell everybody to do this. You asked me what I'm taking. - Right. But I think there are good data on vitamin D, on D3, and combining 15 grams of collagen with vitamin C, at least in the studies looking at skin elasticity. - So, you're not that far out on a limb. I'm realizing, and the audience is certainly realizing just how cautious and conservative you are with your words, which I believe everyone appreciates. - So, the five grams of creatine- - some vitamin C. Anything more esoteric than that? - No, nothing beyond the multivitamin, D, fish oil, vitamin C, creatine, magnesium. - How many days per week are you resistance training? - About four to five. - And do you do- - cardio regularly? - Okay, so here's the thing that a lot of people would ding me on, is that I try to make my resistance training cardio-y. - So, my cardio, if you can call it cardio, would consist of just walks around the neighborhood on occasion, or just really light hikes on occasion, and maybe pacing around between sets. I enjoy resistance training. I make it fun. Everybody wants to wait two to three minutes between sets to move the maximal amount of loads. But you know what? You can do progressive resistance training, you can do progressive overload, even within a short rest paradigm. As long as it's trending up, your net tonnage moved is trending up over time, it won't move up as quickly as if you were to freaking rest two to three minutes between sets. But I love short rests. I love high rep. - You and I are not training together. I like to lift heavy and slow, like three to five minutes between sets. - Now I'm in a two to five repetition range. Anything more than six feels like cardio. But I like to run, and I do other forms of cardio for cardio. But we should make sure that you and Cameron Hanes train together, because he does his run-lift-shoot thing that he does every day. He shoots arrows to practice his archery, he runs often 10 to 20 miles a day, but he lifts every day, and he does this circuit-style lifting- - training that I've done with him. - And for a guy like me - it's murder. It is so hard. I've never been so sore, I've never been so exhausted. But it sounds like it's very well-tuned to what you thrive on. - I've been messing around with cluster sets, and I want you to try this, okay? - Can you explain for people what a cluster set is? - A cluster set is where you're basically breaking up a set with rest periods that range anywhere from, gosh, five to around 20 seconds, within a single set, or within a set of sets. - So, like leg extension, leg press, and then squat as- - That would be more like a super set or a giant set. - So, a cluster set is like a single... I'll explain it. I want you to try this, I think you'll find it fun. Okay? So, with a given lift, let's imagine... What's your favorite... I'm talking to you as if you're a bodybuilder. What's your favorite body part to train? - I like to run, and I lift to stay strong enough and stable enough to run. What do I like to train the most? - Yep. As far as just muscle groups. - These days, I've been doing a lot... I love leg day. I'm a huge fan of leg day, - so I go very heavy on hack squats, or- - belt squats. - Are you a leg extension person? - Yep, I do those, too. - Okay. So, let's imagine that you pick a weight for leg extensions that you can do. Your first work set, after however you might warm up... - Your first work set, pick a load that will enable you to fail out at about, let's say, 16 reps, okay? - I don't think I've ever done more than 10. - Or how about this? We'll do 12 reps. - 12 reps, okay? - Fair enough. Yep. - Take it to failure. My colleagues would say, "Oh, okay, well, leave one rep in reserve and..." I like to train to failure all the freaking time. It's more fun. I've been training for a long time. I don't hurt myself with training to failure, and I wouldn't train to failure with a fricking bench press, or a squat. But you can choose the exercises that you can take to failure. Leg extension is one of them that you can take to failure, you can take to partials. So, leg extensions. Choose a weight that you can do for 12 reps, take it to failure, and do five slow breaths. That's one. And take that five times and then go right back into the set. Don't change the weight. Try to do half the amount of reps you did. And you'll usually hit it, but sometimes you won't. If you breathe fast enough, you kind of won't hit it. But if your five slow breaths are slow enough, you'll hit the six reps in this case. Okay. After that, 10 slow breaths. Try to beat your previous set. If you can do six, great. If you can do seven, great. And that's a cluster set with failure built into it a couple times. - And how many cluster sets would you do per body part? Two? - Yeah- - Because it's multiple sets. - This seems like a great thing to do if one is low on time. - And perhaps, if one has a nagging injury that you need to work around by avoiding heavy weights. I hope to never be in the position to have to do this workout. - And you can add a drop set to- - the second exercise. - Cut the weight down by 25-ish% and go right into it and drop set. So, kind of the point of that, and how I'm sort of defending my non-love for formal cardio, is with a lot of my resistance training, I sort of try to gamify it in that sense, and it ends up stimulating cardiorespiratory pathways to a greater degree than your typical resistance training. I would never deny the benefit of formal cardio. But it's just how I navigate my training and stick with what I enjoy. I do enough volume through the week to where, I would say that, look, whoever loves endurance adaptations, increases in VO2 max, pushing that in, great, good for you. I just think that there's a limit to how much that will benefit cardiovascular health and/or longevity compared to just staying physically active, keeping good body composition, and just being consistent with that. And of course, the other lifestyle factors too. So, yeah. Different conversation, I guess. - Yeah. But I think it weaves very nicely into what we've been talking about up until now, which is a real-world scenario. - This is what works for you. I touched on what works for me, but this is what works for you, and you're able to kind of merge cardio and resistance training in a way that sounds very time efficient. - Well, I don't always do the cluster set thing. I love doing supersets. So, if I'm at a station where I can super set chest and back work, I'll super set with minimal rest, between sets- - Also very time efficient. - Or bicep versus tricep work, or anything that you can do, sort of super-setting antagonistic muscles- - I take advantage of that. I don't necessarily always do the cluster set thing. - You mentioned that your wife is a trainer. Does she train her female clients this way? And do you train your The reason I ask, is that in my experience, I realize this is a generalization, but I've had female training partners before. Some of the best training partners I've had, by the way, are female training partners. They worked hard, and they were also great athletes. - They tended to view resistance training, at least at first, as something to limit the rest periods between sets. They felt that if their heart rate wasn't up continuously, it wasn't exercise. - Those people often were pleasantly surprised by doing lower repetition, longer rest work. - But in general, do you recommend what you just described more for your male or female training clients? - Being perfectly honest, it's just what I enjoy doing, and it is probably not the most efficient way to make muscle gains. But I just find it fun. - And I enjoy it. When I was training folks for the specific goal of hypertrophy, I would put them through kind of a standard, "Let's rest between sets, move the maximum amount of load, let's cover a spectrum of loading zones." I'm sort of with Brad Schoenfeld. I think Brad has done the best work in the hypertrophy realm. And training for hypertrophy is one of the best ways to train for, I guess, optimizing metabolic health. So, there should be some hypertrophy training included in any program, in my opinion. So, yeah, it's just what I enjoy, man. And I realize that it does go against a lot of the typical consensus. - Well, thank you for sharing that. I think it highlights, if nothing else, that doing what one enjoys in the realm of fitness and nutrition, is equally important to what's best. Because if you don't enjoy it, you're unlikely to stick to things. - Big time. - So, find what you enjoy. Listen, I want to extend a huge thank you for coming here today. This was a long time coming. always knew from our first in-person meeting that we would do this at some point. And I'm so glad we're doing this now. I must say, you have an absolutely, staggeringly impressive command of the literature. - Anyone that's listened to this realizes that you don't just say stuff. You always precede your statements with the origin of the information that you're about to convey. Whether or not it's your own personal experience and preference, whether it's from a meta-analysis, whether or not it's from a particular study... And as an academic, I especially appreciate that you always credit the authors of the study. I know people heard this, but I want to underscore the scholarly nature with which you present evidence and attribution to the original authors of the work. And it's so clear that you've got your mind wrapped around these massive topics that are of immense confusion to the general public, and importance. And to take us back to something I said at the beginning, when I think of Alan Aragon, I think of immense amounts of knowledge shared, and this immense property of clarifying things for people. Today, you've taught us that protein is extremely important. What qualities of protein exist in different domains of the different food groups, timing of protein intake, timing relative to exercise, timing of exercise, type of exercise. We talked about collagen, we talked about calorie surplus, deficit. Yes, you can gain muscle and lose fat simultaneously. And you make this information not just clear, but extremely practical. So, thank you for the immense amount of information you've provided us today, and that you continue to provide online and elsewhere. We, of course, will provide links to where people can learn more about you and from you. And I just want to say, keep going. I value you as a colleague and a friend, and I'm so grateful that you came out here today, and that I said the wrong thing on social media so that we had the opportunity to meet. - It goes right back to you, Andrew. It is an honor and a pleasure to be here, and I really think that this will bring a lot of value and just thank you for everything. - Well, you're most welcome. It's been a true pleasure. We'll have you back again. Thank you for joining me for today's To learn more about Alan's work, and to find links to his articles, and various other resources, please see the show note captions. If you're learning from, and/or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific zero-cost way to support us. In addition, please follow the podcast by clicking the follow button on both Spotify and Apple. And on both Spotify and Apple, you can leave us up to a five-star review, and you can now leave us comments at both Spotify and Apple. Please also check out the sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast. If you have questions for me, or comments about the podcast, or guests or topics that you'd like me to consider for the Huberman Lab podcast, please put those in the comments section on YouTube. I do read all the comments. For those of you that haven't heard, I have a new book coming out. It's my very first book. It's entitled Protocols: An Operating Manual for the Human Body. This is a book that I've been working on for more than five years, and that's based on more than 30 years of research and experience. And it covers protocols for everything from sleep, to exercise, to stress control, protocols related to focus and motivation. And of course, I provide the scientific substantiation for the protocols that are included. The book is now available by pre-sale at ProtocolsBook.com. There, you can find links to various vendors. You can pick the one that you like best. Again, the book is called Protocols: An Operating Manual for the Human Body. And if you're not already following me on social media, I am Huberman Lab on all social media platforms. So, that's Instagram, X, Threads, Facebook, and LinkedIn. And on all those platforms, I discuss science and science-related tools, some of which overlaps with the content of the Huberman Lab podcast, but much of which is distinct from the information on the Huberman Lab podcast. Again, it's Huberman Lab on all social media platforms. And if you haven't already subscribed to our Neural Network Newsletter, the Neural Network Newsletter is a zero-cost monthly newsletter that includes podcast summaries, as well as what we call protocols, in the form of one to three-page PDFs that cover everything from how to optimize your sleep, how to optimize dopamine, deliberate cold exposure. We have a foundational fitness protocol that covers cardiovascular training, and resistance training. All of that is available completely zero cost. You simply go to HubermanLab.com, go to the menu tab in the top right corner, scroll down to Newsletter, and enter your email. And I should emphasize that we do not share your email with anybody. Thank you once again for joining me for today's discussion with Alan Aragon. And last but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hubermanlab [314 likes]: Thank you for watching. Please click the subscribe tab and then the "bell" icon to subscribe to our channel here on YouTube and get notified when new content is posted... And thank you for your interest in science!   -- Andrew
  2. @zania6285: this is my first time listening to your podcast, and it was a very long episode, lol — but worth it! so much myth busting. also, really appreciate the question about whether there are any differences for females. great discussion. thank you. thumbs up!
  3. @marlenem1602: I usually never comment on content. I do love hearing great information on all things health and wellness. I agree with Alan, we shouldn’t have governments putting a warning label on alcohol. I understand warning labels on cigarettes because of all the added chemicals to the tobacco that causes negative health outcomes. But to put a warning label on all alcohol is a stretch. I’m not a drinker but I have seen and been around various individuals that have received really good health outcomes from certain beers and red wines specifically. And yes one can get resveratrol from non alcohol products. But it just think that when we give power to government institutions to have a say in what and how much we drink of a substance that’s been around since the ‘dawn of times’, I think we cross into a territory that is now becoming unlawful and far reaching 😢
  4. @AIVancePro: The nuance here on protein distribution throughout the day is often overlooked — total daily intake matters, but spacing it out across meals really does improve body recomposition outcomes.
  5. @ElowenQuill: It feels bittersweet realizing weight loss didn’t have to be so difficult. I spent years battling my body with strict plans and exhausting routines. Now at 33,I’ve lost 9 kg with less effort than ever. The shift came from working with my appetite,not against it. So here’s the “secret trick “fit women use to naturally reduce cravings.
  6. @roseperez8885: Is this for seniors also???
  7. @terrancephillips5798: 1:30:00 I always love when people are told that nonnutritive sweeteners are fine, you can hear Andrew’s spinster pucker 😂.  People just can’t accept it, as though they are bummed about the morality of being able to enjoy sweets without the downsides.  They hate the idea.  🤦🏻
  8. @AmyOsborne-m6t: Seed oils? Come on they are processed horribly! This interview is alarmingly missing good information. 
Established safe threshold according to whom? FDA?
  9. @AmyOsborne-m6t: 9 months ago- promoting soda & coffee? Without speaking to all the chemicals in both? Seems misleading
  10. @leticialewis6870: Are these values for both female and male? Does the age make a difference ?
  11. @vesselfit2use: I cant eat before a workout. That will destroy my workout. I have to workout when i havent eaten and then eat after my work out.
  12. @GabASMRlove: Allan says he takes his multivitamin at night with dinner. But wouldn’t this cause some kind of energetic increase due to the b12 an b vitamins in the multi? I feel like this approach would not work for some people
  13. @nof7508: This was very helpful, I am so grateful for this information.  I am a year into lifting, went from hating it to "it's not that bad"  in my late 40's.  I love cardio the part about the circuit which I do, was very beneficial.  The food section about fasting or not, makes me feel good about what I am doing.  So many mixed messages for my age group.  Thank you!
  14. @scottsorrell2968: Can't we just get like a summarization in like 20 minutes instead of this guy back and forth all over the fucking place
  15. @scottsorrell2968: After watching this confusing crap I feel like I know less now than I ever do. And I'm just in the first 10 minutes I think I'm going to watch something else.
  16. @djuj2121: Aragon?
  17. @tnerd111: Artificial sweeteners trigger food cravings. Y'all are missing this key fact
  18. @DrBjamin: All current research shows that pre and post protein loading are both equally effective in muscle recovery.. but the intake has to be within a few hours of the workout regardless of which you prefer to use, and leucinemia peak occurs within 30 minutes of ingestion.  This only applies to anabolic resistance training so you cardio people don't need to worry about the timing, just the overall daily protein intake.
  19. @LusidDreaming: I quit drinking a few years ago (and quit THC) for a similar reason, just trying to optimize my performance at work and in the gym. It's crazy how much it makes you the "outsider" at social events. But honestly, I couldn't be happier with the decision. I didn't realize how much even moderate usage was affecting my daily life until I quit. The amount of extra energy I have is insane. I'm not anti alcohol and I think it's a fine way to relive stress or socialize for many people. But I also think it would be great to normalize the decision not to drink.
  20. @bambumedic2027: Great conversation 🔥

- Post-Workout Nutrition for Women: When to Eat After Workout? | Dr. Stacy Sims: Kind: captions Language: en One of the questions I get a lot is post exercise nutrition. Is there really a window? And if there is, is there a sex difference? Well, there's a lot to unpack there. When we're looking at post exercise recovery, there is a tighter window for nutrition for women. We see some earlier studies that show that women's metabolism comes back down to baseline, meaning that their blood glucose comes back to normal, their cortisol drops, and the absolute ability to regenerate carbohydrate as glycogen in the muscle is limited after 90 minutes. For men, we see in these same studies that it could be three, maybe up to 10 hours depending on the intensity of the exercise. We also have to look at something called low energy availability. So for women, we know that within 30 to 45 minutes, this is an ideal time frame to bring in protein and some carbohydrate, not necessarily for muscle protein synthesis, which I think is where the confusion is. So we talk about muscle protein synthesis. Yes, we need protein to encourage the muscle to repair and recover after exercise, either cardiovascular or strength work. But the issue remains in the detail and the context. we have to look at some of the hormonal considerations that occur during exercise and post exercise. So for women, we see that the longer they stay in this catabolic or breakdown state after exercise, the more the hypothalamus perceives them as being in a low energy state, meaning that there's not enough nutrition coming in for reparation. So instead of triggering to repair muscle and regenerate the tissues that were damaged during exercise, the hypothalamus starts sending signals to increase cortisol, keep it there, and create a breakdown state. We see in some studies from 2019 and 2020 that the longer women delay post exercise nutrition, the more their body is perceived to be in a low energy state, even if they get adequate calories throughout the day. So we start talking about post exercise nutrition and nutrition intake. It's not just about muscle protein synthesis. We have to look a little bit more in depth and understand the context that women have a tighter window post exercise to get the nutrition in that they need. Not just for muscle protein synthesis and reparation, but more for reducing the signaling to the brain that they're in a breakdown state so that their body can start to repair and regenerate.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BonnieLambert-p7r [6 likes]: I’d like to see a day of eating in the life of Dr Stacy Sims.  Also, do you share the same views as Jay Feldman that 150g carbs is bare minimum. Would love to see the two of you speak together.
  2. @Roonitochka [2 likes]: What about at 8pm post training? Thank you
  3. @bentleybabie [1 likes]: Thank you so much!   It’s comforting to have exercise science specifically for WOMEN.
  4. @lauragorocica5974 [1 likes]: Is a cup of chocolate milk post excercise enough to help with this issue?
  5. @lisamarierod [1 likes]: Starting to watch your videos. I’ve been fasting, weight coming off for sure but I don’t think I’m eating enough. I got used to fasting  but I’m pretty sure I threw my hormones off balance. Few videos in and I’m excited to start looking into some of your suggestions.
  6. @skw0816 [1 likes]: This makes so much sense
  7. @stitchmom0582: What about women who are already obese?
  8. @danutasanford8175: Thank you, these videos are truly educational! I've shifted from under eating  to nourishing my body... I've spread out my protein/carb intake throughout the day, am getting more fiber and calories. Eating breakfast and post work out is a game changer. Not only do I feel better,  but I started losing again. AMAZING! ❤️
  9. @wendyswaytohealth: Loving these short, super informative videos! Thank you ❤
  10. @biancaguimaraes1601: Love this! Currently battling LEA myself 🥹
  11. @Bgirlsweetness1111: @DrStacySims Could taking a supplement like ashwagandha or phosphatidylserine right after a workout help lower the catabolic  cortisol spike? Just until we are able to get some food in?
  12. @reenadatta3802: I don’t recover from any kind of workout. Even yoga. Also what’s your view on whey? Is it necessary?
  13. @jennagoreham88: I am so thankful I happened to stumble upon your videos. I gave your advice a go in regards to what you teach with eating within 30 minutes of waking, having something to eat to fuel my workouts and then eating post workout … I know I’m about to sound dramatic here 😅 but it has been life changing!!! And just in a matter of a few weeks of doing these things! 
For years I’ve been that girl who forbid herself to eat before noon, I thought I would only see results if I worked out on an empty stomach and I would go hours before eating even after my workouts… I can fully admit now that it was wreaking complete havoc on my body and I started to experience a lot of issues health wise… low energy, constant brain fog, a slew of digestive issues & the list honestly goes on. I had developed such a fear around being able to only eat food at “certain times” and the only way to live was by doing intermittent fasting daily and if I didn’t fast, my health was in the gutter and I was failing. I kept pushing even though I knew and could feel what it was doing to my body because everyone told me that’s what I was “suppose” to do! 
I am now happy to say that within just a few short weeks of following these “rules” pretty much all of my issues have disappeared! I will never go back! 
I feel so full of energy, the brain fog has lifted… I feel amazing and I am truly convinced it will only continue to get better 😊
  14. @jeannieallan5234: Great info , thank you! Should women over 60 eat before exercise or exercise fasted?
  15. @EterKa76: frustratingly, i didnt actuay clarify - for what purpose really do we (women) need to eat in 45 minutes of exercise ?? Hypotalamus considers Low Energy state - the longer we leave feeding after exercise the more this state is considered, and so cortisol is increased and kept there - in a Breakdown State >>>> AND SO WHAT ?  you explain the study that shows this - still you dont actually explain what happens then ????
  16. @successforyouandyourwholef7559: Thank you 🙏🏼 ❤
  17. @ladycamui: great video! question for Dr. Sims, when you say nutrition post-exercise,  do you mean a whole meal or a cup of whey + oat milk would be enough?
  18. @ZacharyNash-eu7se: Lymphatic edema
  19. @marceladecarvalho6152: What if you had a healthy 30 grams protein breakfast before the exercise? I  have to eat before my workout. Would that cover it?
  20. @regina_peace_in_the_world: So if I don't eat. Go into fight or flight?

And if I do eat go into parasympathetic?

- BODY RECOMPOSITION | How Long Does It Take To See RESULTS?: Kind: captions Language: en you attempting a body recomposition meaning&nbsp; have you been consistently strength training&nbsp;&nbsp; your nutrition is on point you're hitting your&nbsp; protein but you're wondering how long before&nbsp;&nbsp; you actually start to see results and what are&nbsp; the best ways to know if your body recomposition&nbsp;&nbsp; plan is actually working in this video i'm going&nbsp; to explain how long it'll take to see results&nbsp;&nbsp; in a body recomposition and then i'm going to&nbsp; give you three things to look for to know if&nbsp;&nbsp; your body recomposition plan is actually working&nbsp; i'll give you a hint none of those include the&nbsp;&nbsp; scale then make sure you watch all the way to&nbsp; the end because i'm going to give you my number&nbsp;&nbsp; one tip to make sure you are successful in a body&nbsp; recomposition meaning you lose your body fat build&nbsp;&nbsp; lean muscle and appear leaner and stronger but of&nbsp; course just before we dive in if you're new here&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure you subscribe to my channel and hit that&nbsp; bell so you're notified when i release a new video&nbsp;&nbsp; every single week just like this one my name is&nbsp; michelle roots kinesiologist personal trainer&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrition coach fitness and fat loss motivation&nbsp; specialist and mom of two baby boys created this&nbsp;&nbsp; channel to break down all of the information&nbsp; on fitness and fat loss and overall health&nbsp;&nbsp; and well-being to help you on your journey and&nbsp; help you understand it in the most simplest and&nbsp;&nbsp; easiest way if you find this video helpful make&nbsp; sure you give it a like and of course leave any&nbsp;&nbsp; questions in the comments below i'm always happy&nbsp; to help you guys out and i love hearing feedback&nbsp;&nbsp; that you guys are benefiting and learning from&nbsp; all my videos so you're doing a body recomposition&nbsp;&nbsp; what is the time frame that you can start to&nbsp; see and feel results first of all what is body&nbsp;&nbsp; recomposition if you're not exactly 100 sure what&nbsp; body recomposition actually is it's essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; training and eating in a way to decrease your&nbsp; body fat and build muscle at the same time i'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; going to go into more detail on body recomposition&nbsp; and what it is in this video but i talk all about&nbsp;&nbsp; body recomposition and break it all down for you&nbsp; in this video right here i'll link that in the&nbsp;&nbsp; description below so you can watch that one right&nbsp; after this so the first key factor when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at time frames in a body recomposition&nbsp; i want you to remember this one specific thing&nbsp;&nbsp; everybody is different your journey is going&nbsp; to be different than your friend's journey&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be different than the girl you&nbsp; follow on instagram's journey every body is&nbsp;&nbsp; different so i just want you to remember that&nbsp; all of the information here is just ballpark&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers but you are on your own journey and do&nbsp; not compare your results to anybody else because&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the thing the time frame of how soon you&nbsp; will start to see results on a body recomposition&nbsp;&nbsp; will depend on actually where you're at currently&nbsp; in your journey for example if you're a beginner&nbsp;&nbsp; or someone who has taken a long hiatus from&nbsp; strength training meaning you don't have a&nbsp;&nbsp; high percentage of muscle mass and you might have&nbsp; a higher percentage of body fat when you start to&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on strength training and focus on eating in&nbsp; a way to decrease your body fat and increase lean&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle you will have a faster reaction meaning you&nbsp; will build muscle mass a lot faster than someone&nbsp;&nbsp; who has been strength training for a really long&nbsp; time so if you're a beginner and you're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; to start strength training and you really want to&nbsp; do a body recomposition and start to see some lean&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle on your body you can actually start to see&nbsp; results in about eight to 12 weeks from consistent&nbsp;&nbsp; training and consistent nutrition now someone&nbsp; who's a bit more experienced in strength training&nbsp;&nbsp; say you already have a little bit of lean muscle&nbsp; and you're just trying to lean out a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; more and decrease your body fat percentage meaning&nbsp; you have a little bit less body fat to lose it&nbsp;&nbsp; could take six to eight months to actually start&nbsp; to see results and i'm saying six to eight months&nbsp;&nbsp; of consistency now don't worry if you just choked&nbsp; up and said what six to eight months remember&nbsp;&nbsp; body recomposition it's a lot more complicated&nbsp; and it's a little bit of a longer process but&nbsp;&nbsp; the return on your hard work is for a lifetime so&nbsp; much better and way more sustainable over a really&nbsp;&nbsp; long time it's not easy to build lean muscle trust&nbsp; me i speak from experience it takes a lot of hard&nbsp;&nbsp; work it takes a lot of dialing in your nutrition&nbsp; but if you're only looking for short-term results&nbsp;&nbsp; trust me you're going to get discouraged so&nbsp; that's just what i want you to remember if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're getting frustrated maybe you're not seeing&nbsp; results maybe there's a few tweaks we need to do&nbsp;&nbsp; or maybe you just need to be more patient it's all&nbsp; a possibility but just keep in mind six to eight&nbsp;&nbsp; months half a year of commitment and you can be&nbsp; a completely different person leaner stronger&nbsp;&nbsp; mentally stronger more energy and a different&nbsp; build that is going to keep you healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; for a really long time so keep that in mind so&nbsp; now let's talk about the three ways to measure&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are into a body weight composition and&nbsp; you are frustrated and you're not seeing results&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately and you want to know if what&nbsp; you're doing is a waste of time or if it's&nbsp;&nbsp; actually working quick note as i said earlier&nbsp; the scale is not going to be one of these options&nbsp;&nbsp; when you are doing a body recomposition you&nbsp; need to keep in mind that if you are building&nbsp;&nbsp; lean muscle muscle weighs more than fat and&nbsp; it's not going to be a perfect scenario of&nbsp;&nbsp; well i lose 2 pounds of fat and i gained two&nbsp; pounds of muscle every single week that's not&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna be the case you might lose two pounds&nbsp; of fat but gain half a pound of muscle or vice&nbsp;&nbsp; versa these things are gonna go up and down so&nbsp; if you are using the scale to track your progress&nbsp;&nbsp; and you really wanna see the scale go down body&nbsp; recomposition might not be right for you or you&nbsp;&nbsp; just need to throw that scale out the window and&nbsp; not care about that number and not let that number&nbsp;&nbsp; define you let's talk number one what is the first&nbsp; way that you can measure your body recomposition&nbsp;&nbsp; body composition testing or measurements or just&nbsp; how your clothes feel so are your inches going&nbsp;&nbsp; down you can take measurements at the beginning&nbsp; maybe every four to six weeks you check in and&nbsp;&nbsp; take more measurements if your waist is going down&nbsp; but the scale isn't going down it's working forget&nbsp;&nbsp; about the scale things are happening if you do a&nbsp; body composition test so you have a trainer or a&nbsp;&nbsp; coach test your body fat percentage for you or&nbsp; you go somewhere and get your body composition&nbsp;&nbsp; tested a body composition test is going to&nbsp; tell you how many pounds of muscle you have&nbsp;&nbsp; and how many pounds of body fat you have so if you&nbsp; do that consistently again every six weeks every&nbsp;&nbsp; eight weeks and you see the body fat number going&nbsp; down and you see the muscle number going up that&nbsp;&nbsp; means it's working keep going number two progress&nbsp; pictures so this is the one thing that no one ever&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to do on their first day of a plan because&nbsp; most of the time people don't feel confident they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't feel comfortable in their own skin and&nbsp; they don't want to take a picture in a sports&nbsp;&nbsp; bra on shorts but i promise you take the pictures&nbsp; put them in your phone never look at them again&nbsp;&nbsp; take them again six weeks eight weeks&nbsp; down the road in the exact same outfit&nbsp;&nbsp; in the exact same poses i always recommend to&nbsp; people have some flexing if you are looking to&nbsp;&nbsp; do a body recomposition you want to see some gains&nbsp; here so make sure you are flexing you can do arms&nbsp;&nbsp; straight out you can do this you can take multiple&nbsp; pictures in different poses um a back picture&nbsp;&nbsp; flexing with your back because this is where&nbsp; you're gonna start to see the changes for yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of times we are our worst enemies every&nbsp; time you look in the mirror you're only gonna see&nbsp;&nbsp; the parts of your body that you actually hate&nbsp; the most it's just human nature it's what we do&nbsp;&nbsp; whereas when you are actually looking at a picture&nbsp; of yourself side by side you know six weeks later&nbsp;&nbsp; then you can start to compare things oh um my&nbsp; booty's perked up oh my waist looks smaller oh&nbsp;&nbsp; i see some definition coming into my arms all of&nbsp; these things the scale is not going to tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; so take your progress pictures i promise you you&nbsp; won't regret it you don't have to show them to&nbsp;&nbsp; anybody you don't have to post them on instagram&nbsp; just keep them in your phone for when you are a&nbsp;&nbsp; new human six weeks eight weeks six months eight&nbsp; months down the road it's really cool and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; very motivating to track your progress speaking&nbsp; of progress pictures i want to share this picture&nbsp;&nbsp; that i shared on my social media to show my own&nbsp; personal body recomposition journey so the picture&nbsp;&nbsp; on the left was taken april 30th 2020. i was two&nbsp; and a half weeks postpartum with my second son&nbsp;&nbsp; the picture on the right is taken october 2021 so&nbsp; this is almost a year and a half postpartum i was&nbsp;&nbsp; 151 pounds two and a half weeks postpartum&nbsp; and then i was 146 pounds in the picture on&nbsp;&nbsp; the right so as you can see there's quite a&nbsp; significant change in the look of my body and&nbsp;&nbsp; the appearance and how strong i look but i only&nbsp; lost five pounds on the scale now i want to share&nbsp;&nbsp; what i actually wrote under this post because i do&nbsp; feel like it's pretty powerful imagine if i only&nbsp;&nbsp; use the scale to track my progress so i mentioned&nbsp; the dates again it's only a year and a half apart&nbsp;&nbsp; the scale tells me i've only lost five pounds but&nbsp; what do these images tell us that i dropped body&nbsp;&nbsp; fat and built lean muscle aka a body recomposition&nbsp; more importantly how do i feel amazing i feel&nbsp;&nbsp; confident in my own skin i feel strong af i&nbsp; feel full of energy i feel proud of myself&nbsp;&nbsp; i never post images like this to make you feel&nbsp; bad about your progress on your own journey we&nbsp;&nbsp; are all different i share these to help one more&nbsp; woman throw the scale out the window and not let&nbsp;&nbsp; it define your worth not one person has asked me&nbsp; my weight throughout my entire journey after both&nbsp;&nbsp; of my pregnancies because it doesn't matter&nbsp; i made this transformation slowly but surely&nbsp;&nbsp; i didn't rush it i kept my head down and put in&nbsp; the work i didn't diet or track my calories note&nbsp;&nbsp; i have been tracking calories for so&nbsp; long i've been doing this 15 16 years so&nbsp;&nbsp; this is why i didn't track my calories i am&nbsp; so aware of nutrition but if you need to track&nbsp;&nbsp; your calories i don't look down on that that is&nbsp; totally fine i just ate clean foods eighty percent&nbsp;&nbsp; of the time because it made me feel better i made&nbsp; sure i got my protein in i aim for three to four&nbsp;&nbsp; good workouts a week focusing on strength training&nbsp; and lifting heavy and always challenging myself&nbsp;&nbsp; i try to walk with the kids a few times a week&nbsp; without choice i never get to sit still at home&nbsp;&nbsp; with the boys because boy mom life no magic pills&nbsp; no fad diets waist trainers magic smoothies or&nbsp;&nbsp; other supplements so there you go guys i'm a&nbsp; walking example of consistency and patience&nbsp;&nbsp; and building lean muscle takes time do you think&nbsp; i had the perfect year i had a two and a half&nbsp;&nbsp; year old and a newborn baby during a pandemic on&nbsp; lockdown my business was shut down all the things&nbsp;&nbsp; were happening but my main focus was my mental&nbsp; health and building back my muscle because i knew&nbsp;&nbsp; once i build my muscle back it's going to increase&nbsp; my metabolism my focus was to get stronger and i&nbsp;&nbsp; still thank myself because carrying now my four&nbsp; and a half and two and a half year old toddlers&nbsp;&nbsp; are ginormous and i'm so thankful that i re-healed&nbsp; my body and focused on building back that muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't just pound the payment and looking to burn&nbsp; calories and lose my baby weight if that makes&nbsp;&nbsp; sense again i i keep drilling this in because it&nbsp; is so important and i am a walking example of that&nbsp;&nbsp; but that's enough about me the third thing that&nbsp; will help you know if your body recomposition&nbsp;&nbsp; is actually working are you getting stronger in&nbsp; the gym the exercises you're doing are you able&nbsp;&nbsp; to apply progressive overload if you don't know&nbsp; what that is check out this video right here i'll&nbsp;&nbsp; link that in the description below progressive&nbsp; overload basically are you able to continue to&nbsp;&nbsp; increase your weights did you go from being able&nbsp; to do two push-ups to five push-ups that's great&nbsp;&nbsp; you're getting stronger you're building muscle are&nbsp; you able to squat more are you able to deadlift&nbsp;&nbsp; more can you hold a plank for longer all of&nbsp; these things means something's happening and&nbsp;&nbsp; you're getting better especially if your strength&nbsp; is increasing it means you're building lean muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; so keep going so as promised to finish this all&nbsp; up i'm going to give you my number one tip for&nbsp;&nbsp; a successful body recomposition for anybody&nbsp; consistency and patience i know i touch based&nbsp;&nbsp; on this already 10 times already in this video but&nbsp; it is so important do not expect results overnight&nbsp;&nbsp; the media and social media and everything all&nbsp; these before and after pictures and lost this&nbsp;&nbsp; much in four weeks has our minds like messed up&nbsp; thinking that all of these things need to happen&nbsp;&nbsp; overnight or i need to start taking this pill or&nbsp; this supplement comes down to eating in a calorie&nbsp;&nbsp; deficit focus on hitting your protein goal every&nbsp; single day or at least eighty percent of the week&nbsp;&nbsp; eighty percent of the time do not starve yourself&nbsp; drink lots of water get your sleep strength train&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on really pushing yourself and challenging&nbsp; yourself and strength train two to three times&nbsp;&nbsp; a week consistently and use those three tips&nbsp; i gave you to track your progress if you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to get on the scale once a month once a week&nbsp; that's fine but if you find it affects you here&nbsp;&nbsp; and decreases your motivation or makes you feel&nbsp; bad about yourself put the scale in the closet&nbsp;&nbsp; do not get on it okay so there you go i tried not&nbsp; to ramble too much but i could literally talk for&nbsp;&nbsp; hours i really hope just even one thing i said in&nbsp; today's video helps shift your mindset if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; in a rut or if you're feeling unmotivated or if&nbsp; you haven't even started yet and you're wanting&nbsp;&nbsp; to start i hope that something i said here help&nbsp; flip that switch for you to throw the scale in the&nbsp;&nbsp; closet and really start to focus on the journey&nbsp; and find out what you are actually capable of&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want help with strength training i have an&nbsp; eight week strength training program for beginners&nbsp;&nbsp; for the gym or for home with just dumbbells i'll&nbsp; link that in the description below if you want an&nbsp;&nbsp; eight-week program to follow that includes&nbsp; progressive overload and shows you how to&nbsp;&nbsp; strength train if you go to the gym and you don't&nbsp; really know what to do i've got you click the link&nbsp;&nbsp; in the description below or if you're interested&nbsp; in working with me one-on-one for my fitness and&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrition coaching i'll also put some information&nbsp; in the description below as to where you can find&nbsp;&nbsp; out more about working with me one-on-one to reach&nbsp; your goals thanks so much for watching today guys&nbsp;&nbsp; and of course if you haven't subscribed hit that&nbsp; subscribe button and if you like this video give&nbsp;&nbsp; it a like and share it with anyone you think&nbsp; needs to hear this information let's help as&nbsp;&nbsp; many people as we can throw those scales&nbsp; out the window i'll see you guys next week you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichelleRoots [55 likes]: Hey Everyone I understand I made a mistake explaining in this video (clearly I was tired lol) Yes 1lbs of fat = 1lbs of muscle - but muscle takes up less space in the body than fat, my apologies for the slip up :)!  Want support beyond YouTube? Founding members are now open for LIFT You, my coaching community for sustainable results https://www.skool.com/liftyou.
  2. @Revelation7-17 [19 likes]: Recomped my body in my 40s and lost 110 lbs and got to my goal weight and down to 15% body fat. Took 5 years but I wanted to go slow to relearn better habits and at my age it took a while but I got very athletic and strong. Still going to build a little more muscle. Feels great to increase the weights in my calisthenics. Fixed my high blood pressure too. You can do it!!! 💪🏼
  3. @LienSchalley-sr4xd [3 likes]: I lost 15 kgs on the scale and gained 5 kgs of lean mass in 15 months according to my dexa scan; it takes time, plateaus are normal and gentle consistency for the win!
  4. @DUDEDESY20 [2 likes]: 2 years postpartum. On week 2 of body recomp, gained 3 lbs on the scale but could deadlift 30 +lbs more than last week. 🎉💪🥰
  5. @m.j.7028 [1 likes]: Thanks ❤ I think my issue is I give up too early and that scale is my worst enemy 🤦🏾‍♀️ I know weight fluctuates daily but it still messes with my brain so, I just stopped using it. I’ve been working on increasing my protein and using my resistance bands. Staying consistent and trusting the process.
  6. @chucklawrence9461 [1 likes]: I so needed to hear this video!  5 weeks following macros, no sugar or alcohol.  22% body fat, 124 lbs 5'3". I'll keep my head down and stay consistent and patient.  Thank you! Paula
  7. @lindamatthews4545 [1 likes]: This is just what I needed to hear!!  Have been doing all the things you talked about but zero progress on the scale.  I do feel like I’m getting stronger and have more endurance.  Really helpful to hear for motivation❤!  I think I will take pictures to help show progress to keep me going.
  8. @ojyochan [1 likes]: I'm doing it to get stronger rather than for aesthetics, so I can tell by progressive overload I'm succeeding😊
  9. @quinnrivers527 [1 likes]: You're in VAN! Hey neighbor, I live in Bellingham. I just found your channel and I love your content. Thank you!
  10. @DifferentKindofGlam [1 likes]: The scale is going up and my waist is getting bigger.....so...not happy with that.
  11. @zeyi8127 [1 likes]: How important is sleep? I’ve been working out for 3 months and I’m not seeing results because I have bad squats form and have a pelvic tilt and I get 5hrs of sleep average as a toddler mom of two.
  12. @thinleynordup9030 [1 likes]: Thank you
  13. @sterlgirlceline [1 likes]: 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
  14. @Jerrylewis12here: Ever since I've been walking last week, it only took 4 days for me-3 mph on the treadmill, 900 steps a day-to see my body fat drop. That's all I added to my workout routine . I'm the same weight, 155, but I'm more lean.
  15. @mx3805: I’m on week 3 of my body recomp and lost 2% body fat and added 1% muscle. Slow and steady.
  16. @jennifert7502: It’s been 10 months for me. I am so much stronger, up to lifting 20-25lbs from 10s. I even feel more stable, but I do think my muscles are making some of my clothes a little tight (but they still fit at least) Does that happen to others?
  17. @JoseeonMounjaro: Yeah rest day today from weights 4 x à week,  so treadmill and some functional strength training including Farmers walk.
  18. @nyc3993: I've been working out since late October 2025. I feel stronger BUT bloated. My waist feels like expanding. I'm taking protein, Creatine and lifting weights.
  19. @lydiasshay: What if I'm consistently doing it wrong though :( with improper form or not hitting the exact amount of protein everyday I need to or on week do 2 workouts the next do 4? will I still see results if one week it's my birthday and I have cake and a few drinks and overdo it calorie wise? A lot of my anxiety that's made me quit so many times is that if I do put in the work it's not going to be worth it because it's not going to work and I'm going to feel like a massive failure.
  20. @dewhittbingham3933: Question, if I’m a 5’9”63 yo male who weighs 175 and the scale says I’m 50% fat what do you think my calorie intake should be? I just started about 7 weeks ago to body comp and I can see some changes in my body. I’ve been taking in 1500 calories with good nutrition, but I don’t know if that is too high or low. Would appreciate your thoughts. Thanks!

- Cardio vs Weights After 40 (Wish I Knew this Sooner): Kind: captions Language: en I didn't start to see muscle and experience the type of results I have today at 55 until the last 2 years because I was doing some things wrong what should you focus on if you're trying to burn fat cardio or strength training I'm going to share with you some studies statistics and some great anecdotal stories that are going to help you make a decision because let's face it we don't have all day to work out you want to make the most of your time in the gym and if you're woman who's trying to reduce her body fat you're in luck because today I'm going to share with you the quickest way to melt away fat hey thanks for joining me my name is shelene Johnson and if you don't know me have spent probably the last three decades helping women to get fit get in shape drop the weight and shed body fat and probably like a lot of you having grown up in like the 80s and 90s all we did was cardio I was a cardio Queen I mean I remember growing up watching my mom do Jane Fonda like Jane Fonda and Richard Simmons it was cardio everything in the 80s it was all about cardio step aerobics aerobics in general like scrunch socks and thong leotards everything was high impact and intense long duration endurance cardio that's what we believed and that's what we were conditioned to believe was like the best way to get fit and be healthy in the 2000s I started doing for if you're not familiar with my story I started creating programs for fitness clubs I'm glad you're here cuz I saved you the best spot in class we are going to crush it today I created a program called turbo kick turbo kick was endurance-based kickboxing it was high intensity high intensity long duration I mean you had to have endurance to do a workout like this and those kind of workouts are really popular like boot camps and Rowing classes cycling step arobics you name it today it's like orange theory and Berry's boot camp these workouts whether you're doing like one of those with a group of people like group exercise or if you've taken up running that was the thing that was what I did it was what we believed was the only way to lose weight like if if in fact for me personally I never wanted to diet and I believed if I really just focused on doing enough cardio I could burn off the calories and I could maintain my weight and you know what it worked it worked in my 20s it worked in my 30s started to not work so well in my 40s so if you're someone who this has worked for you in the past I understand that like you should also understand that the way the Body Works is it's always looking for homeostasis it's always trying to like regulate things and when it comes to calories in particular if you're burning a lot of calories from doing a particular workout you're always going to burn more calories when the workout is new but the more conditioned we are to do something like running or endurance training our bodies become better more efficient and that would seem like a good thing but it's not a good thing when you're trying to burn a lot of calories and in fact then it starts to work against you because now you're like you're training as hard as you possibly can but your body is burning fewer calories cuz your body's always trying to conserve energy so interesting story so I started creating these workout programs for health clubs they were turbo kick Pio hip-hop hustle and at the same time was I was also teaching step aerobics boot camp classes so I was doing cardio all the time I was a full-blown cardio Queen at the same time I knew the science behind strength training and how important it was so I was doing strength training as well like five days a week but it wasn't until like spoiler alert it wasn't until like the last two years even though I haven't changed my strength training routine I didn't start to see muscle and experience the type of results that I have today at 55 until the last two years because I was doing some things wrong I was doing a lot of things wrong and I'm going to share with you what those things are and why it is I want to shift your mindset around the type Ty of exercise you're doing today so I'm teaching all these Fitness classes I'm everybody's doing cardio we're all doing massive amounts of cardio eventually my programs become really popular in health clubs you know I think we were in I don't know we were in every single state I think something like 60 different countries tens of thousands of people millions in fact were eventually doing my Turbo workout which was high endurance long endurance cardio and I caught the attention of Fitness infomercial companies we eventually started do I eventually started doing Fitness infomercials for consumers it was the first time in my life that suddenly my body was marketable do you do you know what I mean like like my body became part of the product and that's just kind of like that's a whole another story in fact I've done a YouTube video on this a previous podcast where I talked about why it was I decided to leave the fit consumer Fitness business and a lot of that was because I loved Fitness I still love Fitness but becoming the product becoming the thing that had like I had to look a certain way to be marketable I mean let's face it we we all do this if you go to try a new workout you look at the person who created it right and you're like okay if they've got a good body then this must be a good workout and that's especially true in the consumer Fitness space so now I was suddenly in this Arena where especially for women smaller was better at that time and so I was constantly being pressured into being smaller and to lose more body fat and at one point it just got so unhealthy for me and I I didn't know the only thing I knew was that doing more more cardio would help me to lose weight and I wanted to lose weight what I didn't realize is that process ESS also meant all of the strength training I was doing was feudal because in order to build muscle number one you have to have your hormones IM balance I'm telling you I was doing the same things then that I'm doing now but now I have results and the difference was I was overt trining so if you're someone who's been you feel like you've been doing all the things right but maybe you're still running stop running stop running but I'm also going to tell you that if your goal is Longevity if your goal is to improve every marker of your health if your goal is to reduce your body fat with minimal impact on your joints and your inflammatory markers you need to stop doing the endurance training instead I want you to do Zone 2 cardio which by the way you can create you can get into zone two while you're doing strength training or walking but most importantly you have to understand like what it takes to build muscle so if you're lifting and you're also doing massive amounts of cardio you're probably not giving yourself adequate time to allow your body to actually replenish and to build muscle that's number one number two if you're constantly in a massive calorie deficit your body doesn't have what it needs in order to create muscle hypertrophy which is muscle growth and in order for us to have muscle growth we have to be consuming enough protein typically speaking that means one gram of protein for every pound of your ideal body weight so let's just use round numbers so let's say that your goal is to be 150 PBS then you would likely optimal would be for you to focus on trying to get about 150 gram of protein now that might sound like a lot but if you make it your goal and you just start getting close to it you're going to see amazing results but you're never going to get close to that number if you're constantly doing long endurance cardio okay so here I am I'm doing these Fitness videos I'm doing tons and tons of cardio I'm being told I have to get smaller and smaller I feel this pressure to lose more weight so the only thing I know to do because I can't eat less the only thing I know to do is to do more cardio so in addition to teaching my regular you know cardio classes I started like running 30 minutes a day or running sometimes an hour a day and what I noticed is even though I was like shrinking smaller my everything was breaking down in my body everything hurt and I could look at food and gain weight I was cranky I was tired I was sore I couldn't sleep my body wasn't healing proper and most of all no muscle like I didn't have a butt I didn't have biceps sometimes you look at women who you think they're very lean and you you think because you can see their muscle that they probably have more muscle or they've got good muscle tone but a lot of times especially when someone's overtraining you can see the muscle but that doesn't necessarily mean that they're healthy and it doesn't mean that they've got enough muscle mass to improve their longevity so when I decide this is not healthy for me I want to be healthy I had my brain scanned at the Aman clinic in 27 and it was having a really serious conversation with Dr aan after looking at my brain and looking at all of my labs looking at my hormone levels I was 45 years old this is in 2015 so I was 46 years old 46 years old looking at my labs and seeing that every one of my hormonal markers was in the dumps I thought I was eating I was like the Pinnacle of Health supposedly I'm like on TV whenever you're watching late night infomercials you're going to see me I'm selling you health and fitness but yet I'm being told by the most renowned doctor who's looking at my brain that I'm not healthy that almost all of my Essential like vitamin D was non-existent my magnesium levels Omega-3s like everything was off and I didn't understand because I thought I was eating healthy the problem was I wasn't eating enough number one number two the gut permeability I have from lifestyle choices and the fact that I was not ever allowing my body to train to heal and of course considering my age I was also on per menopause so I had to do a couple things the most impactful of which were changing my approach to Lifestyle I had to walk away for me for me to be healthy mentally physically I chose to step away from the consumer Fitness space and I you know I I didn't make a public announcement again you I've told that story in detail and it's it was a hard time to go through at that season of my life because I couldn't really talk about why I was leaving the consumer space the fitness space I was still exercising but everything had to change and for several years there I I did some reverse dieting and just tried to figure out like what do I need to do to get healthy and I started like looking at research papers and I believe it was in like 2019 so several years later that I finally had my hormones in check I start started on hormone replacement therapy and I know a lot of us think like oh that's going to fix everything and I'm going to lose all the weight you know it did help me to balance out my hormones it helped with sleep it helped with a lot of things but I just couldn't I felt like I my body was working against me I was still lifting heavy I and I was still doing the cardio I was doing hit training but I could not drop the weight like I was just adding more pounds and I'm not trying to like tell you a story like it was you know I I became obese I just wasn't myself you know and and I think as women we start to believe like well this is aging you know my mom told me this was going to happen or everyone always says like at a certain point it's all going to catch up with you and so there was a part of me that was just kind of resigned to that like oh okay so this is your metabolism just slows down as you get older because I'm doing all the things I was always doing but like I just felt different I felt thicker I felt less like myself physically but here's the thing energy-wise I felt good I felt a million times better energy wise and that's because I finally had my hormones in check and that's because I was getting more sleep and I was you know supplementing I I started like really paying attention to my vitamin D and my Omega and I started taking care of my brain health I started doing hyperic so I was doing those things but there was one thing that I was still doing wrong and that was the cardio so it was in 2019 I remember I was looking in the mirror and I was like why is my face feel rounder like I my face is round and I literally Googled it you know how you do you go on Google and you type in your result and as I'm Googling my results one of the things that came up was Cushing's Disease and I'm like wow is there I'm reading through all of the symptoms and side effects of Cushing's Disease I'm like could I have Cushing's Disease and then I discovered a study done in 2019 by the Journal of endocrine where they looked at the inflammatory markers of people who were doing chronic endurance high-intensity workouts Like Yours Truly and guess what they found they discovered these individuals had inflammatory markers that almost mimicked exactly Cushing's Disease they had increased cortisol levels which is going to give you that round face appearance which is going to make you uh hold body fat around your midsection it increases your all of your stress hormones it decreases your testosterone it decreases human growth hormone like all of the markers that allow your body to more efficiently burn fat well your your body isn't meant chronically to be doing long I'm sorry that some of the marathoners are not going to want to hear this but your body our bodies were really not built to be doing in Long endurance high-intensity workouts eventually it just creates systemic inflammation and that's what I was experiencing so I read that study and quite a few others and I started studying Zone 2 cardio which to me was like a lot of the zone 2 cardio was like walking and um my brain tell me if this is true for you like my brain was like there's no way if I give up boxing if I give up you know the Sprints that I'm doing if I give up running if I give up like all of these long like these long bouts of intense cardio that I'm doing I'm going to gain weight those are big time calorie burners for me walking how do you burn fat walking isn't that what like the old ladies in the neighborhood do like I don't I don't want to do that but yet what I was doing wasn't working and if that's you I wanted to just give this a try like one month for one month like would it kill you what if you actually started seeing incredible results because it was when I made that change it was not until I decided to stop doing the intense endurance cardio and just did low impact Zone 2 cardio specifically walking that the body fat started to come off that was important but that wasn't the only thing I was after I want a muscle I wanted deltoids I want glutes I want quadriceps I want I want muscles on my legs as we age muscle is your fountain of youth it changes your appearance it diminishes the appearance of cellulite and it's what allows us to as we put on more muscle the body starts elevating testosterone levels and why is that important for brain health for cognition for Focus for energy for muscle development human growth like that's what helps us to look younger and yeah some people do injections for human growth why to look younger but dude you can increase your human growth production Naturally by lifting weights you can naturally improve your bone density by lifting heavy weights get this I was diagnosed with osteopenia while I was lifting heavy weights because everything I was doing cardio wise was destroying all the work that I was trying to put in in terms of building muscle because if we aren't getting enough rest if our body is inflamed first of all we don't absorb nutrients the same way so even if you're eating a perfect diet which nobody is but even if you were even if I was eating a perfect diet I wasn't absorbing the nutrients like the Magnesium and the vitamin D and and all the other calcium the things that you need to create bone density so I was I was diagnosed with osteopenia and my general practitioner said to me what well you know you might want to consider lifting um you know doing weightbearing exercises and I'm like I am five days a week so remember this even if you are doing all those things it might be the other things you're doing that are diminishing your results in the gym I've since been able to reverse my osteopenia how did I do that by cutting out the intense cardio by allowing my body to rest by focusing on Zone 2 cardio Zone 2 cardio can be done on cycling bike you can do Zone 2 cardio kickboxing the key is not taking your heart rate to that elevated place that place where you are having a hard time speaking where it's you know the difference between moderate intensity and intensity you know the difference and the hardest shift I think for a lot of us to make those of us who like grew up in that like it's not a good workout unless I'm about to cry every ounce of my clothing is drenched and I'm sucking wind and I'm you know counting the seconds for this to be over that was a mind shift to get myself to a place where I realize like okay I can actually see better results of if I don't destroy myself in the gym but doing so allowed my body to remodel bone it allowed my body to build muscle it allowed my body to properly synthesize the protein that I was consuming until then my body was like in survival mode and when when we're in survival mode and you've got systemic inflammation going on like you your cortisol there's like you just can't beat that you cannot escape the body fat no matter what you're doing you can't out exercise it because your body is trying to protect you we weren't meant to beat ourselves up in that way so I know this is a real shift for a lot of us it was scary right and there's no question there's no question that to a certain extent in order to lose body fat in order to melt off the pounds right and to like lose that layer of fat we do have to create a little bit of a calorie deficit but even if you're in calorie deficit if at the same time your inflammatory markers are through the roof your cortisol is through the roof like you are fighting against yourself so a better way to create an e it's so much easier dude it is so much more fun it's so much better for you mentally to be doing Zone 2 cardio like you'll actually look forward to it you don't have to constantly be asking yourself was my workout hard enough if you know you know no but when you do that your body has the ability to build muscle and muscle we know is a much more active tissue than body fat so you're going to actually elevate your metabolism and it doesn't happen overnight but you're going to feel and you may see the changes in as little as a month I'm not going to tell you this going to happen overnight but if you stick to it and if you focus on building muscle how often if you're brand new I would recommend two times a week two times a week a full body workout is going to especially if you're training to the point where you're you're almost reaching fatigue right so you're in that like 8 to 15 reps and by the time you're nearing the end I don't mean that you've like completely failed but like if you kept going your form would start to fail that's what I mean when I say you know trying to reach failure if you focus on that full body workouts like even just a 45 minute workout two days a week if you're a newbie you're going to see a tremendous change in your body composition if at the same time you're increasing your protein okay so we want to again shoot for about a gram you don't have to be a scientist about this I've done a whole video I'm going to link to the podcast I did a super simplified way that doesn't involve like having to bring a calculator or like track every single macro cuz you know what eating a meal shouldn't feel like you've got to do math that's how I like you got to live your life but that does take some practice and and it's a strategy but it's like learning how to how to gauge all right what's the right amount of protein without having to weigh everything and measure everything and track everything and if that's what you want to do you can that's great I think for some people it is ideal for them to track but for me that was stressful too I'm like I just want to live my life try to get your protein around a gram of your ideal body weight for the day so if you want to be about 150 lbs if that's your ideal body weight and you want to aim shoot for 150 gram of protein if you even get close to it you're going to be golden you're going to be golden increase your fiber decrease the amount of processed foods that you're consuming that's number two number one was getting into the gym at least two days a week if you are someone who's been lifting regularly I would highly encourage you to add more days I'm such a big fan of ladies leg day leg day you've got to get in the gym and focus on your legs because more than S well more than 65% of your muscle is located from the chest down it's your lower body that's the biggest muscle groups in your body is your legs your glutes your quadriceps your lower body is a metabolism gold mind like you're going to boost your metabolism and that's going to change it's going to change everything it's going to change your confidence it's going to change the way you live it's going to change your ability to recover from injury it's going to change your Mobility it's going to change it's going to change everything like muscle is what you need and in order to exercise more efficiently and spend less time doing endurance cardio so the zone 2 cardio how often do I recommend you do that I would love for you to do that three times a week I want to share with you some statistics here's one women who engage in weightbearing activities just three times a week reduce their risk of osteopenia or osteoporosis by 40% did you know that 90% of women over age 50 are at risk of osteoporosis and all you have to do is again just weightbearing Activity three times a week now if you're someone who's like yeah I'm not interested in in going to the gym start by getting a weighted vest like if you're like I can't afford a gym membership and or personal trainer and I just I really need like the onramp I really need like what is the very bare minimums I can start with to start increasing my bone density and start increasing the muscle that I have in my body here's what I want you to do buy yourself a weighted vest we've been studying weighted vest use for more than 20 years we know that you can you can increase bone density by 3% in less than 12 months just by wearing a weighted vest three times a week for 20 minutes and you don't have to go exercise in it you can just like walk around your house in it and you'll increase your bone density that's remarkable so just just three like pick an activity that you do three times a week in your house like maybe it's um cleaning or putting things away or straightening up or walking on a Tre whatever it is just wearing a weighted vest and when you're just starting out you want to start if your if your core is really weak and you don't have a lot of muscle today start with a vest that's about 5% of your total weight if you're already pretty strong you're already pretty fit you got a you know decently strong core I would recommend starting with a weighted vest that's under or close to 10% of your body weight I personally use a weight of vest that is 12 lb and it's perfect it's ideal for me but when I first got it it it was I was like I felt like I was suffocating it felt very heavy so I started 5 minutes a day and then I get used to it then I go to 10 minutes then 20 minutes and now I can wear it for you know an hour of zone two walking I wear it around my house I regularly wear it because I want strong bones just doing air squats with your weighted V is a wonderful way to start but leg day is the key so ultimately no matter where you start ultimately i' like to get you up to five days a week so that you can age with power so that you look better five years from now than you do today and that's possible you know you do have the ability to look better and feel better as you age but it means you have less room for error like the things you used to be able to get away with when you were younger you can't do that anymore what used to work doesn't work work anymore and there's a reason why so it's time to shift your thinking it's time to think your beliefs shift your beliefs make it your goal to lift five days like so you love it you can't wait you can't wait to go to the gym or you can't wait to pick up your heavy weights yes of course you can do this at home and if you're looking for a place to start I've created a program called phas it and it's specifically created for women who want to know how to lift heavy weights the right way like to do progress to apply Progressive overload to understand what periodization looks like a program that changes every six to eight weeks so you know exactly how it would be training you if I was your personal trainer so if you're looking for a place to start I'll put a link below in our show notes and i' I'd love to have you become a part of our community it's a community specifically for women who are you know per menopausal to menopausal and Beyond you want to age with Vitality but the bottom line is this if you've got limited amount of time and you're trying to figure out okay so so should I be walking or should I be lifting weights you should be lifting weights because you can get into that you can get your cardio and your muscle at the same time and why wouldn't you muscle is so sexy it's the Fountain of Youth muscle is the key muscle burns fat so if you want to melt fat we got to put more muscle on and we got to slow down the cardio hey I hope that you enjoyed this edition of the shene show thank you so much for for subscribing don't forget to leave me a comment below and of course all of the links to the studies that I referenced in this episode will also be found in our show description love you mean it bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @chalenejohnson [104 likes]: 🎉Come to Camp Be More!! A 2 Day Girls Get-Away we’ve been dreaming of! All Planned for Women 40 and over!!
👉http://phaseitup.com/campbemore
  2. @janitakirby5112 [1 likes]: Thank you for the information. I will do no cardio no more and I will walk more and lift weights like I’ve been doing, and get off my phone at night and actually go to sleep so I can get a good night sleep, lol 😂
  3. @JuniperLynn789 [1 likes]: I turned 40 in October and when I tell you my body is behaving totally different than just a year ago, it’s no joke! I have always been petite and full of energy, bounced back from 3 pregnancies fast, and felt in control of what my body looked like. The things I normally do to drop weight and get back in my skinny jeans after winter are simply not working, that scale is not budging! My face also looks different. I’m going to try doing what you suggested, focusing on leg day, walking, and heavy weights. I already eat a lot of protein but maybe it will metabolize properly with these changes!
  4. @bleesedbythebest [1 likes]: I'm 47 I used to run years ago now I'm lifting heavyweight it's the best thing ❤
  5. @SheekaAttiba [1 likes]: Thanks I'm 45 with PCOS and every time I start a work out routine the weight keeps coming on. Changed my diet. It changed my labs but not my weight and sometimes my appearance. I'm having no luck right now but I will implement and let you know.
  6. @shannahbanana: In 2015 I started a weightloss journey by walking.  Eventually I started doing DVDs and I did lose 60 pounds.  I was in my early late 20's. Now I'm 40.  I'm obese again after several health issues (blood clots, GIANT hiatal hernia) and I'm happy to hear this story, because walking and lifting is my plan to get back into shape.  The hernia repair has changed my metabolism and eating habits for the better so now is the time.
  7. @zaheedaali-samlal6415: I like especially you saying, “ if you’re eating a great diet , which , no one is” .
  8. @faizaismail8855: Just subscribed
  9. @kotytsang: Exactly, I did a lot of HIIT and long cardio training.  It stressed me out with hypertension and lost balance of hormones.  I was very lean when I was young and that was because I did normal sport exercises.  Since I do the new and trendy workout , i start gaining weights.  But now I change back to zone 2 cardio and walking outside, plus Iyengar yoga.  I sometimes would do a little bit gym…. But just occasionally….
  10. @kotytsang: I think you should practice Iyengar Yoga apart from zone 2 trainings.
  11. @chrysas.5622: You are an amazing woman 👠 hello from Athens ❤
  12. @EZeiglerwriter: Thank you for this. I have been so depressed and killing myself with cardio. Barely any loss of fat. I am obese. I cut my calories WAY DOWN and was definitely in a calorie deficit. I was working so hard but apparently doing the WRONG thing! Now I feel so much hope. Thank you!
  13. @Vicked.: walking is the best exercise out there.
  14. @TalaBrink: Thank you for being so sincere and honest. I did some research last week on type of exercise and diet. I am 53 and started hrt a month ago.  I never liked exercising in my younger days but lately started with lighter cardio low impact exercises (initially because i wanted to create a good space and routine in the gym that i will enjoy but now it is about so much more ie strength health an positive energy).
  15. @funkymunky1238: The best videos I ever did in the 90’s was Billy Blanks tae bo! was in great shape!!
  16. @paulinacano1588: What is brand of weight vest you use
  17. @marinahsmilevskak8983: ❤
  18. @AJ55333: If your cortisol is high..you are not gonna lose weight. Also insulin levels..we need to keep our insulin levels low.
  19. @bndergltd3053: You had me until you talked about Dr Amen. He’s akin to Dr Oz or Dr Attia, more interested in making money than anything else.
  20. @beecatify: I’m almost 45 and taking care of some elderly family members that didn’t take care of themselves when they were my age. It’s been a real wake up call. I’m what you would call “skinny fat” and I don’t want to turn into some frail helpless old woman. I know I need more strength. This makes sense and seems like something that I actually may have time for. I don’t know what protein goal I should set though because I’m almost underweight. I’m 5’10” and 130lbs. Should I aim for 130 grams of protein? Or should I try and gain weight as well? I have a small frame, so I’m not sure what goals to set.

- HOW TO LOSE FAT AND GAIN MUSCLE: Kind: captions Language: en what's up y'all welcome back to my YouTube channel I'm Kelly Matthews today we're going to sit down we're going to have a chat we're going to talk about body recomposition this is a question that I get so often and that I find myself typing out or doing a voice note to people on Instagram in my DMs you know talking about it on my story that I felt like it would be a good opportunity for me to do a longer form video and really break things down for you guys you know there are a lot of influencers that have covered this but this question comes up time and time again and I know it can be a confusing subjects I'm going to do my best to break it down for you body recomposition at its true meaning is losing body fat and gaining muscle at the same time a lot of people will say it's not possible to do that you have to pick one or the other and that's not entirely true or it's really not true at all it can be argued that maybe you should pick one or the other depending on what kind of population you fall under what category you fall under people that are going to be able to experience body recomposition at its most obvious and easiest way are going to be people that are newer to the gym you've probably heard of newbie gains and if you're someone that has a fair amount of weight to lose and you haven't done a lot of work in the gym you're going to find it much easier to gain muscle and lose body fat at the same time you also have people that are on anabolic steroids so maybe you'll notice that your favorite influencer has a really easy time getting super shredded and staying really muscular and sometimes that means that they have some assistance nothing wrong with that as long as they're being transparent and letting people know that that's the reason why they have an easier time doing a body Recon also people that maybe have been out of the gym or out of a routine for a long time could fall under that category of newbie again even though you're technically not new to the gym you may have lost a lot of what you gained initi in the gym and when you go back in and you start lifting consistently and your diet follows suit then you're probably going to be able to body recomp fairly easy compared to someone that is more of an intermediate or Advanced lifter now you know what body recomposition is and you know the populations that can accomplish it fairly easily so now I want to address two different populations first I want to talk to the beginners and I want to talk to you guys about things you need to be focusing on if body recomposition is your goal then I'm going to talk to the intermediate and advanced lifters and talk to you about what your options are for building muscle and losing body fat number one you need to get into the gym so if you are a beginner I know that can be overwhelming you don't need to bite off more than you can chew I would suggest getting into the gym about two to three times per week and get on a strength training program you want that program to utilize Progressive overload and that means that week over week month over month you're you're going to be lifting heavier weight and you're probably going to be lifting more volume more sets and Reps that's how you know you're progressing that's how you know you're making the adaptations that are going to make you stronger and help you build more muscle second you're going to want to do some cardio again it doesn't have to be anything too crazy start once to twice per week you could do your lift and your cardio in the same day but start with low intensity steady state cardio it's the lowest barrier to entry start with walks incline walk on the treadmill a nice easy bike ride and have that be a longer duration it's going to increase your overall activity it's going to start building your aerobic base and it's just going to be a good way for you to contribute to your calorie deficit and that brings me to your nutrition so in order for us to lose body fat we need to be taking in less calories than we are expending throughout the day so for example if you burn 2,000 calories per day you're going to need to eat less than 2,000 calories in order to in a deficit and losing body fat so what you need to do first is find out where you're at now okay what's your Baseline tracking is going to be the best way for you to do that there are a lot of apps and resources that can help you do that I want to preface that with if you have ever struggled with an eating disorder or you feel like traffic tracking really isn't good for you mentally it's not good for your mental health then you need to make the decision that's best for you so so I make the general recommendation to start off with tracking and then hopefully eventually you can kind of go off what you learned with that tracking and get a little less strict with it but without the initial information it's going to be difficult for you to know where you're at and also to know where you need to go in order to accomplish your goals so just keep that in mind you're also going to want to set a protein goal the general recommendation is one gram of protein per pound of body weight per day that's on the fairly higher end there there are some recommendations that are a little bit lower but set the bar there if you don't quite make it every single day no big deal but protein is going to be the most important macronutrient for gaining and maintaining as much muscle mass as possible so we need to be strength training we need to be eating in a slight calorie deficit you need to make sure that you are following a progressive overload plan you also need to make sure that you're prioritizing sleep and recovery and paying ATT attention to those cues those are the biggest pieces of advice I have for you in terms of accomplishing body recomposition and if you are brand new to the gym if you do all of those things I promise you you will see progress now my intermediate and advanced lifters things start to get more difficult as you get more trained that's why you see bodybuilders doing a true bulk and a true cut a bulk is where you eat in a calorie Surplus you train hard and you try to gain muscle a cut is going to be when you go into a calorie deficit and you know that you're probably going to not gain as much muscle during that time or even lose a little bit of muscle mass along the way for the sake of getting leaner body recomposition becomes an incredibly inefficient way for you to approach your Fitness if you are an advanced lifter now a lot of us are just out here living Our Lives I have spent my whole training life life not cutting or bulking in the true sense but I've definitely gone through phases where I know that I'm actively eating a little bit more focusing really on feeding myself making sure that I have enough food to train hard and you know get to my powerlifting competition in a way where I feel wellfed and strong and then I've also gone through periods where I'm you know preparing for a big event or I'm preparing for the summer and I feel like I want to lean out a little bit that's the same concept but I would call it like bulking and cutting light where I'm just sort of eating intuitively based on what my goals are at that time you can decide how strictly you want to approach gaining muscle and losing body fat but I will say it's going to be a much more efficient process if you choose to do one or the other so if you're comfortable waiting a longer time for that body recomposition process to work you can absolutely do that okay you're just going to see progress probably over years versus months something I've told many many clients when you set a goal there are certain sacrifices you're going to have to make in order to accomplish that goal and sometimes we don't want to make those sacrifices and that's okay you just have to be honest with yourself about whether you actually really want that goal or not and in this case I think a lot of times for women it's really really difficult to swallow the pill of actually gaining some body fat because culturally we've been taught to be small be lean you know like we we feel like we look better that we're more valuable when our body is in that type of state so when we say I really really want to gain muscle and then someone mirrors that back to you and says okay great well you're going to gain some body fat along the way and you say oh I don't don't think I want to do that that's okay that's when staying closer to maintenance calories and training hard is probably going to be a better option for you okay so you're still going to be gaining muscle you're going to be maintaining the same level of body fat maybe you'll lose a little bit but it's going to be a much longer process but probably more sustainable for you that's a good option if you don't feel like you're willing to gain body fat in order to gain more muscle if you are then you can go through a more traditional bulking and cutting cycle you're going to eat in a surplus for a period of time you can train pretty hard if you want to focus on particular body parts you can go a little harder in the paint on those body parts and then when you're ready you can cut your calories down get into a deficit and lose some of the body fat that you gained along the way with your bulk okay there are options for you I want you guys all to know that body recomposition is possible for a huge piece of the population the most important thing is that you are eating enough protein that you're training hard and that you're feeling good doing what you're doing I know there's a lot of pressure out there for us to look a certain way and we want to do the things that you know our influencers that we look up to are doing but that doesn't always mean it's going to be the right fit for you what I eat is not what you need to eat the way that I train is not necessarily the way that you need to train the way that your body reacts to something is going to be totally different than the way my body reacts to something so you always have to do what's best for you my goal is always to provide as much education for you guys as possible and help you make informed decisions about your own Fitness and Nutrition Journeys so I hope this video has helped you do that if you have any questions please put them below thank you for joining if you like this content Please Subscribe and you can find me on Instagram and Tik Tok at Kelly L Matthews have a great day take [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikeswanson7847 [9 likes]: No single youtuber ever says this: CALORIC DEFICIT MEAN YOU'RE GOING TO BE VERY HUNGRY, more and more, after 2 months you're going to be hungry 24/7. It's going to mess with your sleep, emotional stability, relationships, work focus. Basically, you're going to be f**ked up beyond your darkest imagination. That's caloric deficit. I despise all fitness youtubers for sugarcoating.
  2. @miller7522 [2 likes]: I just had a follow up mammogram because they saw a tissue change.   Radiologist came and talked to me and said it was mostly my recomposition due to weight loss and exercise.
  3. @sar4x4 [1 likes]: You did a great job presenting the information in a very concise and easy to understand way.  Nice job! 👍
  4. @mradosovic [1 likes]: I gained 7kg(from 78 to 85) in a year and lowered body fat from 18% to 14% by just training less and eating less. Wasn't in a deficit but tried to keep fat intake to 1gr per kg, protein between 1.2 and 2gr per kg, the rest are carbs. All natural, no supplements but creatine. And I'm 44. My problem was not letting myself recover. You have to slow down as you age. Hope those are useful stats :) Btw, I don't lift weights, BJJ and kettlebells only.
  5. @sarmiento_ann: Thank you for mentioning the eating disorders, it's difficult sometimes change the way you eat
  6. @lizz9840: some people are going to probably not like what I´ll say but I tried this body recomposition, and it kept making me bigger,  and bigger, and no...it was not muscle, there was a lot of fat, after a year and half I said enough, did the HCG injections and stayed focus on that for 2 months, taking it easy at home, while I was redecorating my place and not being very social, and I lost 20lbs. Its not an easy one, it's a risky one if you don't commit to all of the phases required, but after that then I focused on maintenance, working out, building muscle, building new habits and letting go of old one so I don't rebounce. It was more rewarding for me that process, to see results, and then to enjoy the new version of me. I needed that organized process, but that's just me.
  7. @martalacey-c5j: this was so informative!
  8. @RachelWrites: I thought steroids were illegal
  9. @tarablanchard8925: I’m trying to figure out my calorie deficit, I’m currently eating 800 calories per day and I’m not sure how much lower I can go? Can someone please help me?
  10. @Ecosdeinglesconelloro: Thanks for this information
  11. @nselich5318: Stick to the workouts
You know nothing about fat metabolism. Whether we get fatter or thinner has to do with insulin and our individual hormones. You can eat less calories and still be fat and eat a ton and become thinner. Food =k/cal of energy. If you eat less k/cal or energy in time your output will match your input (your metabolism will slow) which is why skinny people have a hard time gaining weight
They eat more and speed up their metabolism 

Learn more before espousing nonsense
  12. @TheBhopali1: I am so happy I found you! I am committed to body recomp’, just don’t know how
  13. @carmenbannerman1056: Crikey, this is timely. As been restling with myself whether to do a lean cut or bulk but just stresses me out😢
  14. @bengsu8740: You fixed my attention span. Ive watched a lot of calorie deficit videos but yours is the best. ❤
  15. @avelikebrave: This is the simplest and most complete breakdown I've seen. Hell ya! Thanks!
  16. @caitlinellis8198: One gram of protein per KILOGRAM of body weight, not pound. Yeesh can you imagine? Like we're all out here eating a whole rotisserie chicken for breakfast 😂
  17. @StaciM-kt9es: Well I lost a lot of weight but I’m not a fan of losing so much weight in areas that make me thick which I like. I haven’t lost enough weight on my belly but the other areas need some meat lol. It gets confusing with what to eat because I strength train 5 days a week.
  18. @chocolateprincess2656: What is a slight deficit 200, 100, 500
  19. @johnadair4979: I've never heard of Body Recomposition. lol. But, I'm glad I have now.
  20. @davemarriott: Thank you.

- How to Start the Ketogenic Diet Correctly?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome today we're going to show you how to&nbsp; start keto correctly and this is for beginners&nbsp;&nbsp; what are we trying to do we're trying to switch&nbsp; what your body is running on as far as fuel-wise&nbsp;&nbsp; so we want to switch from burning sugar fuel to&nbsp; fat fuel there's this one hormone called insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the key to determine whether you're going&nbsp; to burn fat or burn sugar so you want to keep it&nbsp;&nbsp; low to burn fat when it goes higher your body&nbsp; will burn sugar very simply lower your carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; and eat less meals that's different than&nbsp; lowering your calories now by eating less meals&nbsp;&nbsp; you are going to lower your calories but that's&nbsp; not the goal you could actually eat larger meals&nbsp;&nbsp; just not as frequent why is it a good idea to&nbsp; eat less frequent meals because every time you&nbsp;&nbsp; eat you trigger insulin every time you eat carbs&nbsp; you trigger insulin so we're just trying to lower&nbsp;&nbsp; this insulin the combination between these two&nbsp; are very very powerful so what are you going to&nbsp;&nbsp; eat in a meal well first thing you have to eat&nbsp; low carb so you want to cut down all your carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; that includes sugar and i'm talking about honey&nbsp; agave nectar brown sugar white sugar date sugar&nbsp;&nbsp; all sugar you can replace it in various&nbsp; recipes with what's called sugar alcohols&nbsp;&nbsp; i put some links down below of examples of&nbsp; that so you can learn about that but there's&nbsp;&nbsp; these sweet alternative sugar sources that&nbsp; you can use so that means that when you go&nbsp;&nbsp; buy food you have to start reading the labels&nbsp; and looking at the sugar content you want it&nbsp;&nbsp; as close to zero as possible you want to&nbsp; avoid fruit except for berries there's&nbsp;&nbsp; three berries raspberries strawberries and&nbsp; blackberries you can have those in small amounts&nbsp;&nbsp; but no other fruit especially apples grains like&nbsp; wheat flour that they make breads pasta cereal&nbsp;&nbsp; crackers biscuits you want to avoid that but&nbsp; guess what there's a substitute there's a people&nbsp;&nbsp; use almond flour to make all sorts of things from&nbsp; pizza crust to bread to you name it so there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of recipes that you can use as an alternative&nbsp; grain avoid starches like potatoes but guess what&nbsp;&nbsp; there's all these recipes that you can make out of&nbsp; cauliflower that is very similar to the starches&nbsp;&nbsp; not identical but you can make things that are&nbsp; very close to tasting like mashed potatoes you can&nbsp;&nbsp; even make a cauliflower crust for your pizza it's&nbsp; quite good now when i say cut out all the carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; there's an exception vegetables in fact you want&nbsp; to consume more vegetables at least seven cups you&nbsp;&nbsp; know even more that could be salads or other types&nbsp; of vegetables like bell peppers like cabbage like&nbsp;&nbsp; broccoli kale brussels sprouts and at this level&nbsp; that i'm teaching you you can even do carrots and&nbsp;&nbsp; tomatoes beets don't worry about that you can have&nbsp; those and the last point about vegetables is that&nbsp;&nbsp; ideally if you eat them first it's going to be a&nbsp; lot easier to consume seven cups than after you&nbsp;&nbsp; have the protein and fat because this is going to&nbsp; fill you up pretty fast so i always consume the&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetable first now you can consume it at the same&nbsp; time but just as a strategy to make sure you get&nbsp;&nbsp; enough vegetables in your diet i like to consume&nbsp; these first because very few people consume enough&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables and one last point vegetables provide&nbsp; two things they provide food for your microbes&nbsp;&nbsp; that then help your blood sugars and help give you&nbsp; energy also they provide a lot of nutrients like&nbsp;&nbsp; potassium and magnesium and even vitamin c because&nbsp; what are we trying to do we're trying to do keto&nbsp;&nbsp; correctly and by correctly i mean healthily okay&nbsp; number two moderate protein not massive amounts&nbsp;&nbsp; like in the atkins diet but moderate amounts&nbsp; that could be depending on your size and&nbsp;&nbsp; your metabolism and your age between three and&nbsp; eight ounces maybe you're 18 years old and you&nbsp;&nbsp; work out hardcore you're gonna need maybe more&nbsp; protein so rather than have a little scale and&nbsp;&nbsp; measure it just consume protein the size of the&nbsp; palm of your hand maybe a little bit more a little&nbsp;&nbsp; less okay just to kind of keep it really simple at&nbsp; this level what type of protein different types of&nbsp;&nbsp; meat fish chicken seafood eggs cheese unless you&nbsp; have an allergy or any type of severe gut issue&nbsp;&nbsp; nuts or nut butters also make sure that&nbsp; you if you buy peanut butter or whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; you read the ingredients to make sure it doesn't&nbsp; have added sugar you don't want to add sugar to&nbsp;&nbsp; any of these because sometimes when you have&nbsp; like deli meats they have dextrose in there or&nbsp;&nbsp; extra sugar if you're having bacon&nbsp; they have extra sugar added you&nbsp;&nbsp; preferably keep the sugar away from your protein&nbsp; all right with the protein as far as the order of&nbsp;&nbsp; when you eat it you just ate your vegetable&nbsp; your salad now you start with your protein&nbsp;&nbsp; the key with the protein is not to consume lean&nbsp; protein or low fat protein try to consume protein&nbsp;&nbsp; that has more fat why because that's going&nbsp; to help your insulin levels when you consume&nbsp;&nbsp; protein that's very low fat and lean as in like&nbsp; powders especially like whey protein powder&nbsp;&nbsp; you majorly increase insulin versus consuming&nbsp; fattier meat or fattier fish or like brie cheese&nbsp;&nbsp; which is has more fat so that's a really key&nbsp; point about protein all right the third thing&nbsp;&nbsp; is that you're on a higher fat diet now when we&nbsp; talk about higher fats mainly we're talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; the calories there's more than twice as many&nbsp; calories in fat than there is protein in carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; so based on calories it would be a higher fat diet&nbsp; so i'm not going to say anything more to confuse&nbsp;&nbsp; you on that point but realize that when you're&nbsp; consuming the protein guess what you're consuming&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of the fat in your diet already because&nbsp; protein always comes with fat but you may add&nbsp;&nbsp; some additional fats let's say some avocado&nbsp; butter to cook your food in or let's say you&nbsp;&nbsp; melt the butter on your vegetables which is a good&nbsp; idea because the veggies have certain fat soluble&nbsp;&nbsp; natural chemicals in there that are good for you&nbsp; even antioxidants they're called phytonutrients&nbsp;&nbsp; and adding oil to your salad whether it's&nbsp; olive oil or butter over your vegetables&nbsp;&nbsp; will help you extract those nutrients out of that&nbsp; meal that's why it's good to combine these things&nbsp;&nbsp; right here olives or olive oil is very very good&nbsp; coconut oil is actually also pretty good and of&nbsp;&nbsp; course some of these are in the fat category like&nbsp; nuts for example or half fat and half protein&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit of carb cheese is protein and fat&nbsp; eggs are protein and fat so a lot of these are fat&nbsp;&nbsp; too so both of these are kind of a combination but&nbsp; if you're starting keto a lot of times people add&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe some nuts or cheese after the meal to be&nbsp; more satisfied so that's something that they do&nbsp;&nbsp; and so that's why i said eat this third but of&nbsp; course it could be within the meal now there's&nbsp;&nbsp; certain fats you definitely want to avoid&nbsp; soy oil corn oil canola oil cottonseed oil&nbsp;&nbsp; even the safflower oil the sunflower oil i would&nbsp; be careful about consuming too much of those&nbsp;&nbsp; these are gmo they have chemicals in them but&nbsp; the problem is they're highly inflammatory even&nbsp;&nbsp; though it's a fat it's the wrong type of fat that&nbsp; you want in your body and you probably see these&nbsp;&nbsp; in salad dressings and many different products&nbsp; like mayonnaise in there so you're going to have&nbsp;&nbsp; to kind of start reading labels and really get&nbsp; picky on certain things that you're going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; buying so we talked about generally what to&nbsp; eat but we also want to talk about eating less&nbsp;&nbsp; meals right less frequent meals we're going&nbsp; to do intermittent fasting we're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; combine both of these together to really take that&nbsp; insulin and bring it down to our normal level so&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the rule of thumb don't eat unless&nbsp; you are hungry now let me define hungry&nbsp;&nbsp; because sometimes you might get a little&nbsp; bit of hunger but you still feel strong&nbsp;&nbsp; uh you still feel fine your mood is good we'll&nbsp; try to push through that okay there's also a&nbsp;&nbsp; difference between hunger and also like a habit&nbsp; people have like a habit of eating all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; even when they're not hungry because they feel&nbsp; that they're not as full as maybe they should be&nbsp;&nbsp; so you don't have to be full all the time we're&nbsp; talking about hungry and a true hunger is like wow&nbsp;&nbsp; i feel like i really need to eat i feel a little&nbsp; bit weaker i feel a little shaky i'm starting&nbsp;&nbsp; to notice i'm a little bit more irritable okay&nbsp; that is what we're talking about not some little&nbsp;&nbsp; temporary hunger number two ideally you want&nbsp; to skip the breakfast you can do this on a&nbsp;&nbsp; gradual level where you keep pushing your&nbsp; breakfast later and later and later or just&nbsp;&nbsp; cut it right out and just skip breakfast instead&nbsp; have your coffee with a little butter in it a&nbsp;&nbsp; tablespoon of butter and or mct oil which will&nbsp; help you greatly in making ketones which is very&nbsp;&nbsp; therapeutic to your brain and it'll satisfy you so&nbsp; as you're trying to transition into the state of&nbsp;&nbsp; ketosis which you're burning fat because ketones&nbsp; are a byproduct of burning fat if you add mct oil&nbsp;&nbsp; that will give you ketones right away and it'll&nbsp; make the transition a little more comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; especially with your cognitive function so this is&nbsp; a good idea and if you did this coffee with this&nbsp;&nbsp; these two fats it's going to be very easy to&nbsp; skip breakfast also i want to note that about&nbsp;&nbsp; 8 am in the morning is when you have this&nbsp; hormonal shift with cortisol might go up and&nbsp;&nbsp; you may find a temporary about a half hour kind&nbsp; of a a sense like i i'm ready to eat something&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the cortisol it's a hormonal shift and it can&nbsp; increase your appetite just ignore that and push&nbsp;&nbsp; through that okay so we're skipping our breakfast&nbsp; at this point number three very importantly do not&nbsp;&nbsp; snack through the day that little snack&nbsp; even though it's low amount of calories&nbsp;&nbsp; will make you hungry eating stimulates hunger&nbsp; especially if it's in the form of a snack&nbsp;&nbsp; so just cut out all snacking it's very very&nbsp; important if you get the temptation the snack&nbsp;&nbsp; just realize that you didn't consume enough fat&nbsp; at the last meal so the next meal add more fat&nbsp;&nbsp; to the diet so you can go easily from one&nbsp; meal to the next so it's important to add&nbsp;&nbsp; more fat to go longer there's a lot of details&nbsp; to fill in the blank but typically you can drink&nbsp;&nbsp; water tea coffee anything without sugar you can&nbsp; take your vitamins it's not going to be a problem&nbsp;&nbsp; and again there's a lot of details that i'm&nbsp; not covering but i'm just giving you the basics&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's say your first meal is at noon okay&nbsp; you eat your meal don't really worry at this&nbsp;&nbsp; point about calories because we're not trying to&nbsp; reduce calories all we're trying to do is have&nbsp;&nbsp; that first meal make sure it fits what i said&nbsp; in the last slide and then the second meal at&nbsp;&nbsp; six so that gives you a six hour eating window&nbsp; and 18-hour fast okay if you don't snack&nbsp;&nbsp; which is huge this is going to allow you to see&nbsp; a lot of benefits with this program so that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the summary of how to do keto correctly before&nbsp; you go if you have a question about a product&nbsp;&nbsp; or you're new to keto and you want to know&nbsp; how to begin keto or you're on keto and you&nbsp;&nbsp; need a debug because it's not going as smooth i&nbsp; have a keto consultant standing by to help you&nbsp;&nbsp; this is just for the people in the us hopefully in&nbsp; the future we'll be able to answer everyone's call&nbsp;&nbsp; but i put the number down below&nbsp; so you can call and get some help

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [34 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @C-TRAIN77 [1 likes]: I started keto a week ago, and I already see a difference
  3. @destinydushane2107: Do you have a more updated video than this? Some of the sweeteners have been found to be bad for your heart. I really want to do the right thing. Thank you.
  4. @Tobytobers1: I did dr Bernstein which is a keto diet and I lost 10 pounds a week...key was increase water! 1 litre 3xs a day...I burned a pound a day why? You pee out fat.
  5. @bettylashley9321: Cant skip meals or hungar get nauseated or stomach hurts
  6. @bettylashley9321: How to eat steamed veg or raw veg with IBS
  7. @RonaldSanford-pl7tf: I understand that any lifestyle change is uncomfortable. This, makes me wonder where is the joy of eating? I don’t know, I’m not sure I could do this plan.
  8. @DENISEASTUNO-ow1qz: Thank you ❤
  9. @scaramochixx: is it okay that i want to do this diet at 16? this wont mess me up right?
  10. @margaretbrisbin6261: So no protein powder 🤷🏻‍♀️
  11. @damjanjelic4970: fewer meals*

Hard to take you as a credible source of information when the poor grammar shines in the first 30 seconds.
  12. @zenub815: Do u have a diet for depression and colon problem ?thanks
  13. @rehmasiddique5084: NO FRUITS?
  14. @BaronBSOfficial: Can I fry my veggie with bacon and butter?
  15. @BrendaDion-g8p: It doesn't seem like the Keto diet is sustainable.
  16. @sugandhamishra7230: Is it okay to take protein powder because I strength train and I need more protein.
  17. @VideoRangerDan: How do you ever poop if the carbs are low or non-existent??this is what holds me back from super low carb diet. Very confused about this? Afraid of constipation. It's horrible? Thanks..
  18. @classifiedsincebirth: two meals a day?   noon and 6 only? i guess Hiit training at the gym isnt gonna happen
  19. @glorzoglory998: Dr Berg, I struggle with sleep, so I often try to have my supper/ last meal around 9 or 8 PM. I have chronic insomnia and often find myself awake and hungry at 12 AM. Even though my eating window is 3 hours longer, I still keep it to 2 meals daily. I can achieve OMAD, when I spend my weekdays going to my 9-5, during the work day, I get so busy that I will skip lunch and don't feel hungry.
  20. @curryhamilton9: Does honey count as sugar ?

- Low Carb Diets: Mortality and Diabetes Long Term Data: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to another Med cram video we're going to talk about low carbohydrate diets and some long-term data that's recently come out that's very interesting and I haven't heard a lot of news about but I want to talk about it so low carb diets started out back in the 1950s as a possible treatment for childhood epilepsy and has been looked at extensively for its short-term benefits on weight loss and in a number of other things which we'll talk about you can see here on the right a breakdown of the three types you can eat there are carbohydrates proteins fats and oils so those are the three types of things that you can eat and this graph is trying to show the different types of diets there's the typical American diet which you can see is pretty large in carbohydrates there's the Atkins diet the induction phase which has a very small amount of carbohydrates and a similar amount of protein but a lot more fats classic a ketogenic diet which is four to one four grams of fat to one gram of protein and then there's the medium chain triglyceride ketogenic diet which you can see here where the majority of the calories are coming actually from medium chain oils so the first thing I want to say about this is I think this is an oversimplification we're going to find that out very quickly here when we actually look at this in detail because if we just look at carbohydrates for instance the carbohydrates that come from processed foods refined sugars have an effect on the body that's completely different than the same amount of complex carbohydrates which would come for instance from fruit fruit is complexed with polyphenols and all sorts of things and I can show you data maybe in another video that shows for instance that carbohydrates from fruit juices has a completely different effect on the human body than carbohydrates from fruits and you can see it clearly that it's almost identical in terms of the sum of the parts but completely different effect on the human body so let's just start off by saying that this may not be an adequate representation of what we're going to talk about today nevertheless there is a huge move to look at low carbohydrate diets and the question is what's the evidence for this especially in the long term so there was a paper that was published about 10 years ago in 2013 titled low carbohydrate diets and all-cause mortality it's systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies so let's read what they say here because I think this is interesting this was known 10 years ago a growing body of evidence has suggested that low carbohydrate diets and their combination with high protein diets are effective in weight loss and there's some references here and by the way if you go to this address you will actually get to see this article and look up those references and we'll put a link in the description below they say in addition they reportedly ameliorate the risk factors of cardiovascular disease in the short term and there's some papers there which support that and of course that would decrease you would think incident cardiovascular disease and mortality however recent cohort studies and again this is 10 years ago recent cohort studies did not support this hypothesis and there's a number of references there that also back up that assertion and they're long term that's the key word here is a long term health benefit and risk remain controversial in fact low carbohydrate diet tend to result in reduced intake of fiber and fruits and increase intake of protein from animal sources cholesterol and saturated fats all of which are risk factors for mortality and cardiovascular disease there are some that believe that this is all a farce that cholesterol-saturated fat do not in any way increase cardiovascular disease is actually really good evidence for that and I'm not here to talk about statins or whether they work or not that's beyond the scope of this talk but there is evidence that cholesterol and saturated fat is tied to that nevertheless we're going to take a look at this and so what they looked at in this particular article 10 years ago was to look at a meta-analysis and so what they did was they took a number of studies that looked at diets with low carbohydrate scores that's there in a and also a low carbohydrate to protein score so low carbohydrate high protein score and what they did was they looked at cardiovascular risk and risk of death when you look at these you can see here that they're all on the right side of that line and so when you put them all together what you get is an increase risk not a decreased risk but an increased risk of all cause mortality with these low carbohydrate diets same thing here as you can see with this low carbohydrate to high protein scores so the conclusion of this paper which looked at observational data this is not a randomized controlled trial this is observational data so there are potential confounders here they say that low carbohydrate diets were and the word here is associated with a significantly higher risk of all-cause mortality and they were not significantly associated with a risk of cardiovascular disease mortality and incidence however this analysis is based on limited observational studies and large scale trials on the complex interactions between low carbohydrate diets and long-term outcomes are needed so that's where we were 10 years ago they said hey we're seeing a signal here it's an associative study it's observational and so we really can't make a causality but we need to follow up on this because if this is the case we ought to know about it the point of bringing that up is to realize that you are never going to be able to do a randomized placebo-controlled trial on low carbohydrate diet number one the person doing it would know they're on the low carbohydrate diet that's number one number two you're never going to be able to just randomly assign people in large enough studies for long periods of time 20 30 years which is what it takes to figure out whether or not you've got coronary disease and death you're never going to be able to do that so what's the best practical type of evidence that we can do in epidemiology and in medicine and in nutrition to find out whether or not this is the case this is exactly the question that we had with smoking and with asbestos and with these other exposures was how do we show without doing a randomized controlled trial that smoking causes lung cancer how do we do a randomized controlled trial that shows that asbestos causes mesothelioma you can't do that and so what you do is the next best thing which is to do a dose response role relationship in epidemiological studies so if you can show prospectively in a cohort of people that are not randomized unfortunately and are not blinded that increased exposure to a risk causes an increased determinant of an outcome then that dose response curve is highly suggestive of causation and that's exactly how we made this connection with smoking and with these other toxic chemicals where you cannot do ethically and practically randomized controlled trials so I show you this article here from the Royal Society that's talking exactly about this and this was published back in the 1980s they say this paper discusses dose response relations by using information about carcinogens in man as examples so they look at for instance tobacco they look at alcohol drinks certain drugs things of that nature and even asbestos this is the way that you can in large scale studies show that if there's a dose response curve that is highly suggestive of causation if it's not there it doesn't rule it out because there's some exposures that don't have a dose response curve like if you're exposed to it it causes the same problem than if you're exposed to twice as much of it but if there is a dose response curve that's highly suggestive of causation now the reason why I bring that up is because of this abstract that is on its way to publication and also its sister publication which I'll show you as well this was published at American Heart which is a meeting and this was actually a memorial lecture so actually given quite a lot of exposure at the meeting and they looked at a very large cohort called the nurses health study the nurses health study 2 and the health professionals follow-up study so this is 203 000 men and women in this cohort so pretty large and they looked at individuals in this cohort from over 30 years ago this was just published recently here in 2022 so more than 30 years ago they looked at people that did not have diabetes did not have cardiovascular disease did not have cancer at Baseline and they followed them for 30 years and they asked them very specific questions about what they ate every once in a while they checked in with them I think it was every four years about what kind of dietary intake take they were taking as you can see here four years and they divided them into quintiles or into fifths so let's pick a topic here let's say it's low carbohydrate diets and they came up with a score about how intense they were on this low carbohydrate diet and so those in the first fifth the ones that were the weakest in terms of low carbohydrate diets we're given a reference number of one and then they said well if we go to the second quintile how much more likely are they to get diabetes now let's look at the third quintile and then the fourth quintile and the fifth in other words they're looking at doses as the dose goes up of whatever it is you're talking about in this case a low carbohydrate diet does the risk of diabetes go up that's the question that they're asking what they're trying to do is apply a dose response curve methodology to a very large epidemial study and so they looked at over 5 million person years at follow-up what they found was that there were for twenty thousand cases approximately of type 2 diabetes that were documented so they wanted to know how did those twenty thousand cases of diabetes fall out with all these people what were the risk factors that caused these people to get diabetes the results were people who had higher overall low carbohydrate diet scores in other words the people that were the most intense on low carbohydrate diets actually had the highest risk of type 2 diabetes and again this was in a dose response manner so we can talk about all of the confounders this is not just Association now this is a prospective observational study and yes generally speaking that can be plagued with confounders by the way they did actually control for those confounders but you can still have problems with confounders the issue here though is that they did a dose response curve and they found that it was actually there so this is the same type of evidence that we would look at smoking and lung cancer and Asbestos and mesothelioma so let's take a look at the data they had five different types of dietary patterns first of all they had an overall low carbohydrate diet score and you can see here the case person year and the denominator how many we're talking about so lives basically you can actually look at the raw data if you'd like and then there was a multivariate adjustment and the multivariate adjustment adjusted for age ethnicity smoking status BMI alcohol multivitamin use physical activity total energy intake family history of diabetes hormone replacement therapy and oral contraceptive so all of that was adjusted for with a multi-varied analysis and we see here in quintile number one that was given the reference so the question is as we go up from here in terms of the intensity of low carbohydrate diet score what happens to the odds ratio of developing type 2 diabetes in 30 years and what you can see here is that the low carbohydrate score went up seven percent in the second Quinta tile 12 percent in the third quintile twenty percent in the fourth quintile and Twenty Eight percent in the fifth quintile the most extreme and that Trend was statistically significant then they looked at the sub fractions of this they looked at an animal-based LCD score this is an LCD or a low carbohydrate diet which primarily gets its protein and fats from animals here we have quintile number one this is the reference as we go up to two 11 17 26 percent and a 35 percent increase in getting type 2 diabetes in a population that doesn't have type 2 diabetes I'm going to jump down here a little bit because they did a second analysis called the unhealthy LCD score what is the unhealthy LCD score diet it's simply the animal-based LCD score plus they added one other thing to it they de-emphasized whole grain so these are people who would have low carb diet primarily based from animal sources and then they would also avoid whole grains things of that nature what they found there is that it was even worse than the reference here instead of an 11 it was 17 23 35 up to 39 increased risk for diabetes over 30 years in this cohort as you can see here it was a dose response curve and it was statistically significant so then they looked at another one they said what happens if we have a low carb diet but instead of getting our proteins and fats from animals we get it from vegetables and that was the vegetable base LCD score here we have the reference again instead of going up there actually it was a four percent reduction a four percent reduction a seven percent reduction and a six percent reduction across the board in the chances of getting type 2 diabetes that was also statistically significant in terms of that Trend going down then they did one other thing they called this one the healthy LCD score because instead of just doing vegetable proteins and vegetable fats in the low carbohydrate diet they also de-emphasize refined carbohydrates so what are refined carbohydrates that would be like soda candies ice cream all these sorts of things right so refined carbohydrates these are carbohydrates that are not coming from fruit these are carbohydrates that are coming from refined sugars notice here that when you eliminate those refined carbohydrates and also get your proteins and fats from a vegetable Source instead of a four percent reduction you get a six percent reduction here you get a 14 reduction 10 percent reduction and even up to a 15 reduction so you can see here that not all low carbohydrate diets are the same you could be on a low carbohydrate diet and if you're getting the majority of your calories from animal sources according to this study and you're all also cutting out whole grains then you can see here that you could be up to 39 percent increase risk for diabetes as opposed to vegetable based fats and proteins and cutting out refined carbohydrates and be at a 15 reduction so that's 39 plus 15 that is a 54 difference in the incidence of diabetes depending on the type of low carbohydrate diet that you're on I want to show it to you a little differently here this is not time on the x-axis this is dose here we are in the quintile one for all of these different categories and as you can see here as the dose goes up in each one of these categories the splay gets bigger and bigger that's what it is that I'm talking about as you do that diet to more magnitude that is going to either increase or decrease your risk of getting diabetes over 30 years that's just talking about the incidence of diabetes let's talk about mortality this was a paper that was published just this year February 14 in diabetes care but this coming from the American heart as well and the same group actually and it's called low carbohydrate diet scores and mortality among adults with incident type 2 diabetes so now we're looking at those people who already have diabetes and we're asking them are they going on a low carbohydrate diet so in this case we're looking at 10 000 people already with type 2 diabetes contributing to 139 000 personnelers for follow-up they documented about 4 500 deaths of which 1300 cases were attributed to cardiovascular disease and 881 to cancer and again this is coming from the nurses health study the health professionals follow-up study and overall a low carbohydrate diet score was calculated so the same way that we talked about before based on a percentage of energy as total carbohydrates they also looked at a vegetable low carbohydrate diet score and animal low carbohydrate diet score a healthy low carbohydrate diet score and an unhealthy low carbohydrate diet score and these were further divided healthy and unhealthy were divided into those things that we talked about which was the different macro nutrients so whether or not there was refined carbohydrates or whether or not there was whole grains we're not looking at the chances of having diabetes we're looking at the chances of mortality these are pooled Hazard ratios of all cause mortality per 10 points so in other words as the points go up what direction are we going in this is that dose response curve that we talked about low carbohydrate diet scores among people with type 2 diabetes so these are not people without diabetes getting diabetes these are people with diabetes dying or not dying and again we have our same cohort here as well notice that the total low carbohydrate diet score in this case actually had a hazard ratio of less than one so there was an improvement in survival if you had a low carbohydrate diet in general but let's splay it out and actually take a look at this not a bad idea to have low carbohydrate not knocking it as well but it may matter how you make up that low carbohydrate diet the animal low carbohydrate diet score actually had its 95 percent confidence interval on the hazard ratio of one meaning that statistically it actually made no difference at all whereas the vegetable low carbohydrate diet score was at 0.76 which means that there was a 24 reduction in mortality in these patients similarly if we go to the healthy which eliminates the refined sugars really not much of a difference it looks about the same and if we looked at the unhealthy getting rid of whole grains you can see there was actually an increase in the mortality in this case this was people who had type 2 diabetes this is the same scores here from those who went from pre to post diabetes diagnosis and you can see here that it's essentially exactly the same so I thought this was really interesting in terms of this topic because a lot of people talk about low carb and when you look at what it is they're eating there's not a lot of discussion about where those proteins and fats are actually coming from and as I was saying before there is a huge difference not only in terms of carbohydrates proteins and fats but there is a huge difference between the types of carbohydrates not all carbohydrates are the same there's a big difference between complex carbohydrates which comes from fruit and fruit of course has polyphenols in it which are antioxidants and very important in terms of overall health so there's a lot more going on than just the amount of protein just the amount of fat just the amount of carbohydrates I think that's really important to understand and one of the studies that actually was very instrumental in teaching me that was this study of over half a million titled fresh fruit consumption in relation to incident diabetes and diabetic vascular complications a seven year prospective study of half a million Chinese adults and again if for looking at how often they get diabetes and how often they die what you'll see is that as the amount of fruit consumption per month goes up the hazard ratio drops below 1.0 and you actually have a reduction in diabetes the more fruit that you eat why would that be it seems as though people think that if you eat fruit you're going to have higher blood sugar values and higher blood sugar values automatically translate into diabetes that's not the case blood sugar is a surrogate for hemoglobin A1c which is a surrogate for diabetes control there is much more going on in your body than just blood sugar we can become fixated on that number but realize that when you have whole fruits whole grains there are things that are packaged in those fruits and Grains which are actually beneficial and when we eliminate those out of our diet there is a detriment to that so we can see here even with all-cause mortality all cause mortality not just cardiovascular but all cause mortality that as usual fruit consumption per month goes up all cause mortality goes down so the question of what are in these products that may be helping us and it seems as though every study that I look at whether it is epidemiological or Interventional or randomized controlled trial there seems to be a difference between the sources of where we get these carbohydrates proteins and fats this is not the first time that we've talked about this we talked about this in our video on meat Dairy and disease and a new paradigm which is coming forth which is that of cilic acids so in the cyclic acid hypothesis which has been the subject of many studies there is a specific cyalic acid in red meats and this is regardless of how you cook it how you raise it how you feed it this is part of the genetics called new 5gc so new 5gc is a cylic acid in every animal that has red meat so any mammals a few exceptions and one notable exception is human beings so human beings do not make new 5gc however when human beings eat animals with new 5gc in it that new 5gc as a foreign substance is Incorporated in our cells it passes our GI tract goes into our bloodstream and the enzymes in our body which put salic acids on the surface of cells do not recognize it as foreign they recognize it as the same therefore they incorporate it into our cells unfortunately our immune system does recognize it as foreign and so literally that expression you are what you eat actually becomes true and in this study which we reviewed in this article in men and women both what they did was they broken them up not into quintiles but into quartiles and they found that new 5gc in those people that had the least amount of new 5gc as an oral intake had the least amount of new 5gc auto antibodies and as the amount of new 5gc went up in terms of oral ingestion the amount of new 5gc antibodies went up and this is causing a low grade inflammatory reaction this also happened with women as well as you can see there was an increase in new five Auto antibodies and the authors of this study concluded looking at this and others that this was a potential mechanism for the explanation as to why we see more vascular inflammation in people who have red meat and it may also explain why we see the findings that we just showed you here in these studies that were published in 2022 and 2023 the heart is a very interesting organ and it is susceptible to getting coronary artery disease and for those of you who are interested in learning more about that I will recommend coming to medcram.com for our very popular EKG course you can learn how to read EKG with this course that offers 10 hours of CME credits so I hope this lecture was helpful to you I would highly recommend reviewing your diets and making adjustments as necessary or if you have different thoughts please leave those in the comments below give us a thumbs up subscribe and visit us at medcram.com thanks for joining us foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @archaurore3323 [70 likes]: From the comments under this video, I feel strongly as if people did not actually watch it fully or completely missed the point. I see people indicating one study, whereas several studies were covered. They also came to the conclusion the video was bashing low carb diets, it was not. It was saying that not all low carb diets are created equal for the prevention of certain kinds of diseases and a person's mortality once they develop Type 2 diabetes.

In fact, the conclusion I understood is that low carb diets based on plant-based proteins are good (in the context of the diseases mentioned) and if you eat carbs, you should probably eat fresh fruit. I am interpreting the very last part because our dear doctor discussed that particular study of Chinese participants towards the end of the video. It did not say that all low carb diets are terrible, just that ones based mainly on meat-based proteins open you up to stronger risk factors. If you do follow a meat-based low carb diet, you might get Type 2 diabetes, but you also might not. So if you are xx+ years old and somehow you feel great after y amount of time on a meat-based keto diet, great for you! Your experience does not invalidate the results of this study.
  2. @goofycomputer1234 [2 likes]: This dude wants us to eat plants..no thanks we sticking on low carb diet
  3. @hikedayley9309 [1 likes]: A true plant based diet eaten in moderation can work wonders for most people. A Keto diet done to jump start fat loss can work wonders for most people. A Low Carb High Fiber diet can work wonders for most people. A High Protein low fat low carb diet can work wonders for most people. IF can work wonders for most people. -----The real problem is people do not stick to anything and most people cheat not long after trying alternative eating diets. Most humans are weak and quit or cheat to the point where the diet does not work. And then they make excuses    
that they are different and no diets work for them. I have seen it all over many years of observation.
  4. @alanikeiser [1 likes]: I had a tumor grow uncontrollably on a vegan diet… whole foods
  5. @morristvu [1 likes]: This video presented a conclusion of a very inaccurate statistic data collection method and a misleading comparison to self elevate its confidence level.
1) smokers can easily tell you whether he smokes or how many packs she smokes a day. Even so, it’s still accurate. How do you remember how much rice, corn, bread do you eat in a meal? Especially, the difference between 50g/day (keto) to 100g/day (low carb) is just a small bar of chocolate. If you think you ate 100g, you may have consumed 500g from nutrition standard.
2) smoking data is a lot more precise when it comes to whether you smoke or not, or do you smoke 1-3 times/week. So, correlate diet method to smoking method is to self elevating its study for listeners’s confidence but by all means, it’s flat wrong. Very weak correlation to start with.
Conclusion, nice to know but the study is not trustworthy.
  6. @Brilliancewinz [1 likes]: All fiber does it support bowel movements. Take a shot of mct oil. Wham bam thank you mam...
  7. @TheDeathOfLucifer [1 likes]: Yeah but look at what they consider animal fats. If you eat pizza they are saying you are getting that fat from meat.
  8. @Rodamusec [1 likes]: I've been on 'clean' keto diet ( increased in take of olive oil and fish instead of meats and dairy) of for last 4 months. I have heart disease ( two stents so far). I lost about 11 kilos( about 24 pounds) and am now stable in weight. However I don't feel significantly better, went from one crap per day to  about once every third day, noticing increased hair loss. I have read alot and am sticking with my current diet for the time being though I may increase my carbs to include more nuts and vegetables with some higher carbs like small amounts of potato. I am coming to the conclusion until there is definitive double blind testing very large research results are available, that the best future for me at least seems to be continue cutting out all free sugar and high sugar  refined carbs.Keep off high saturated fat foods. The rest of it just get back to balanced diet of veg and whole fruits ( no fruit juices) and low saturated fat meats.
  9. @HeeMang10 [1 likes]: You reaaly should have stopped at "observational studies"- no one with a lick of sense should be drawing any conclusions on those types of studies AND you know better.
  10. @brianjetton3962: Curious about the bit on red meat causing low grade inflammation; the mechanism doesn't concern me. It makes me wonder, as a basis for comparison, how inflammatory any other food may be. Many people who start consuming more red meat have their inflammation go down. How exactly would that work?
  11. @doaa1918: Reading the comments and personal experience (when on low vs high carb diet) makes me question what's wrong! Why is the medical field insisting on providing the old meth that low fat is good for you?
  12. @taliawilliams2401: If you like the extreme weight loss of keto,, but find it hard to stick to, do keto in the week and low carb on the weekend. You would need to do keto solidly for maybe 2 weeks first, but after that, you can cycle, which makes it easier to sustain. And eventually, when you're at your target weight/look, then go to just Mediterranean style eating, keeping the carbs light and healthy (sweet potatoes etc). That way you can get that initial weight loss, then a slower weight loss and then a manageable sustainable, lifelong diet
  13. @thefozzybear: For years, doctors have attacked fat as the leading cause of heart disease, but it's sugar and carbs.
  14. @GeorgiaPhenneger-c5j: I agree. I myself ate a low carbohydrate diet centered around high fat meat and green salad, broccoli etc. and now I have type to diabetes, high blood pressure, gallbladder issues, as well as multiple painful lipomas.
  15. @b-rad7381: Tried Keto for 3 or 4 months and it was unsustainable for me.  While it obviously works (I did lose weight), it did not significantly improve my labs.  In fact, LDL and TC went up significantly.  I now consume a balanced, organic diet of complex carbs (vegetables, fruits, legumes, whole grains, etc.), healthy fats (no seed oils), high quality protein, and no/very low sugar.  I am active and still able to maintain my weight with no problem.  I go back the doc in six months for follow-up blood work, so we'll see what labs look like.  IMHO, balance is key with refined carbs, processed foods and sucrose being the primary health offenders.  To each his own.  Cheers.
  16. @grumpyschnauzer: Why not just study tribes of people that rely on the same diet? It would show variation in body composition, weight, and health stats.
  17. @kellychristenot9579: Who paid for the study
  18. @samorr4: I believe this doctor is a 7th Day Adventist. Bring on Jason Fung MD"". I am a retired physician. On a ketogenic diet, hypertension gone, Diabetes gone,  Triglycerides down, HDL up. Whole grains are terrible for me. And whole grains are a disaster for me. And my Fasting Insulin is now   Fruit?? Not for me. It causes cravings and overeating.
  19. @samorr4: How Low Were the "Low Carbohydrate" Diets?  Ketogenic Diets can provide plenty of fiber if properly formulated. Flaxseeds and vegetables like cauliflower and broccoli and some others can give you fiber.
  20. @25557813: but dont people do keto precisely because they have health issues in the first place ?  I do low carb becauwe I was diagnosed with high LDL. Certainly I will have a higher risk than a normal person whether I do low carb or not. .

- How Many Carbs Can I Eat & Be Keto (or at least Low-Carb): Kind: captions Language: en low carb diets work because they keep your blood sugar low and as a result cause your body to produce less of the fat storing hormone called insulin in this video I share the number of carbs you can eat and still consider your diet keto or simply low [Music] carb while there's no strict definition of what makes a diet low carb or keto it's generally accepted that restricting your carb intake to fewer than 125 G constitutes a low carb diet and keeping carbs at 50 g or fewer drops you into the keto range and those are total carbs not net carbs which would have you subtract the fiber and sugar alcohols from the food so let's take a look at some examples 125 Gams of carbs allows you to eat a cup of oatmeal in the morning topped with blueberries a large salad topped with assorted vegetables nuts and beans for lunch and a small sweet potato and green beans along with your dinner entree now now as you can see that is a fair amount of starchy Foods so that top limit of 125 gram per day would work best for a very active young person with a healthy metabolism it is likely that if you've spent years eating a high carb diet that contained processed and fast foods that number of carbs will need to be reduced to yield the weight loss results that you're looking for and every person is different so so you need to find the level of carbs that works for your unique metabolism for some that means following a ketogenic diet and keeping your carb intake below 50 gram per day so to convert our low carb menu example to a keto menu we would need to omit the oats berries beans and starchy potato and with either diet the quality of carbs matters make it a point to choose whole unprocessed plant foods like nuts seeds berries non-starchy vegetables and you will provide your body with beneficial fiber and phytonutrients that support a healthy gut and control hunger while avoiding fat storing spikes and Insulin to make sure you're in a low carb or keto range it is important to track your food intake or follow meal plans that have the daily menus worked out for you if you'd like a place to start you can take our 21-day challenge where you get daily Lo carb menus delivered directly to your email inbox while the challenge is not a keto diet it will reduce your carb intake to 20% or less of your total calories so insulin never spikes and you stay in a fat burning State all day long

  Top Comments:
  1. @r.g6170 [7 likes]: dont let it be all or nothing. i do 100g carbs.
  2. @beckygillaspy [4 likes]: Dr. Becky's 21-Day Low Carb and Keto Challenges: https://drbeckyfitness.com/get-started-2/
  3. @jimrylander9143 [2 likes]: I slowly went out of Ketosis. Only took 2 days to get back in. Check your Ketones once every couple of days, so you can stay on track
  4. @plump1012 [1 likes]: I've always been under the impression that to do a keto diet that you want to be in ketosis and check yourself with the urine strips. If I keep the carbs over 35 or so per day I don't seem to stay in ketosis well and then it feels like I'm not losing weight
  5. @janiemiller825 [1 likes]: Should one count calories on keto diet??
  6. @robertlevi3202 [1 likes]: Throw a steak on that plate.
  7. @WendyWertz-q9v: My body tolerates 35 or less a day
  8. @dogscratchedoor: So I either croak from over eating carbs or I croak and be extra miserable, grat choice!
  9. @maxmarrero-369: Keto isn't 100% protein , is a low carb diet.
  10. @ThunderGod9182: this is wrong, you need to be under 100g or carbs for low carb, you must be under 30g of carbs for Keto, being under 20g is ideal.
  11. @reggiemiles8673: Doses intermittent fasting exists in low carb diet
  12. @mjones2619: I’m sticking with 50 so I don’t loose too much weight, works for me
  13. @sirwhistler: Why is every video about losing weight? Not everyone is fat
  14. @JoeyEgann: How 'bout this for a meal plan?  A big fat plate full of bacon.  Yeah. No carbs.  No peoblem
  15. @JoeyEgann: No meat in the first meal plan?  Just why?
  16. @TheFlatbedChick: I keep hearing people saying that women need more carbs than men to not mess with their hormones How many am I supposed to eat 🤷‍♀️ I can’t do super low carb for long, the cravings get me every time
  17. @gayward4482: Thank you
  18. @dipikabhatt8651: Do you take total carb 50 gram or net carb?
  19. @sandyks3: I’m looking for a coach to help me with a low carb 10 mg or less 4:1 ratio to treat depression. Do these goals fit in your program?
  20. @equalityforall4175: I eat less then 20

- Keto Diet Helped Woman Lose 135 Pounds | TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK. >>> WELCOME BACK. THIS WEEK, WE’VE BEEN TRYING TO THIS WEEK, WE’VE BEEN TRYING TO HELP YOU "TAKE IT OFF TODAY" HELP YOU "TAKE IT OFF TODAY" WITH INCREDIBLE STORIES OF WITH INCREDIBLE STORIES OF PEOPLE DROPPING WEIGHT AND PEOPLE DROPPING WEIGHT AND TURNING THEIR LIFE AROUND. TURNING THEIR LIFE AROUND. >> THIS MORNING, WE HAVE A GREAT >> THIS MORNING, WE HAVE A GREAT ONE. ONE. A WOMAN THAT HAS HOPE FOR ANYONE A WOMAN THAT HAS HOPE FOR ANYONE WHO HAND FOUND A DIET THAT WHO HAND FOUND A DIET THAT WORKS. WORKS. >> AT HER HEAVIEST, CANDICE >> AT HER HEAVIEST, CANDICE WEIGHED 315 POUNDS. WEIGHED 315 POUNDS. BUT SEVEN SHORT MONTHS LATER, BUT SEVEN SHORT MONTHS LATER, SHE IS A NEW PERSON. SHE IS A NEW PERSON. >> GROWING UP, WEIGHT WAS A BIG >> GROWING UP, WEIGHT WAS A BIG ISSUE FOR ME. ISSUE FOR ME. I’VE TRIED EVERY DIET UNDER THE I’VE TRIED EVERY DIET UNDER THE SUN. SUN. YOU’VE NAMED IT, I’VE DONE IT. YOU’VE NAMED IT, I’VE DONE IT. NOTHING EVER STUCK. NOTHING EVER STUCK. EXERCISING WAS ALWAYS AN EXERCISING WAS ALWAYS AN AFTERTHOUGHT. AFTERTHOUGHT. IN 2016, MY MOM DIED FROM IN 2016, MY MOM DIED FROM CANCER. CANCER. AND MY WORLD FELL APART. AND MY WORLD FELL APART. I WAS SO GRIEF-STRICKEN, THAT I I WAS SO GRIEF-STRICKEN, THAT I THREW MYSELF INTO MY NURSING THREW MYSELF INTO MY NURSING JOB. JOB. ALL I DID WAS EAT, WORK AND ALL I DID WAS EAT, WORK AND REPEAT. REPEAT. AS AS AT MY HEAVIEST, I WEIGHED 315 AT MY HEAVIEST, I WEIGHED 315 POUNDS. POUNDS. TWO YEARS AGO, I WAS A TWO YEARS AGO, I WAS A BRIDESMAID IN A FRIEND’S BRIDESMAID IN A FRIEND’S WEDDING. WEDDING. I GAINED SO MUCH WEIGHT, I HAD I GAINED SO MUCH WEIGHT, I HAD TO WEAR TWO SIZE 14 DRESSES SEWN TO WEAR TWO SIZE 14 DRESSES SEWN TOGETHER. TOGETHER. THAT WAS THE MOMENT I KNEW THAT WAS THE MOMENT I KNEW SOMETHING HAD TO CHANGE. SOMETHING HAD TO CHANGE. SINCE THEN, I’VE BEEN EATING SINCE THEN, I’VE BEEN EATING BETTER, EXERCISING AND TAKING BETTER, EXERCISING AND TAKING CARE OF MYSELF. CARE OF MYSELF. IN TEN MONTHS, I LOST 135 POUNDS IN TEN MONTHS, I LOST 135 POUNDS AND I’M LOVING THE NEW ME. AND I’M LOVING THE NEW ME. >> READY TO SEE CANDICE NOW? >> READY TO SEE CANDICE NOW? 135 POUNDS LIGHTER, OH, CANDICE. 135 POUNDS LIGHTER, OH, CANDICE. [ APPLAUSE ] [ APPLAUSE ] >> THANK YOU SO MUCH. >> THANK YOU SO MUCH. >> INCREDIBLE. >> INCREDIBLE. >> WOW. >> WOW. >> WHAT DOES THIS FEEL LIKE? >> WHAT DOES THIS FEEL LIKE? >> INCREDIBLE. >> INCREDIBLE. THE BEST I’VE EVER FELT IN MY THE BEST I’VE EVER FELT IN MY LIFE EVER. LIFE EVER. AND I’M SO GRATEFUL TO BE ABLE AND I’M SO GRATEFUL TO BE ABLE TO SHARE THIS, WITH EVERYONE. TO SHARE THIS, WITH EVERYONE. I’VE BEEN SMALL BEFORE AND NEVER I’VE BEEN SMALL BEFORE AND NEVER FELT AS INCREDIBLE AS I DO NOW. FELT AS INCREDIBLE AS I DO NOW. THERE’S A DIFFERENCE. THERE’S A DIFFERENCE. >> WHEN YOU MAKE UP YOUR MIND, >> WHEN YOU MAKE UP YOUR MIND, OKAY, IT’S TIME I LOSE THE OKAY, IT’S TIME I LOSE THE WEIGHT. WEIGHT. YOU STEP ON THE SCALE AND IT’S YOU STEP ON THE SCALE AND IT’S 315 POUNDS. 315 POUNDS. IS THAT DAUNTING? IS THAT DAUNTING? HOW DO YOU TAKE THAT FIRST STEP? HOW DO YOU TAKE THAT FIRST STEP? >> IT WAS DEVASTATING. >> IT WAS DEVASTATING. SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO HIT SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO HIT ROCK-BOTTOM TO KNOW WHERE YOU ROCK-BOTTOM TO KNOW WHERE YOU NEED TO GO. NEED TO GO. AND AFTER SEEING THAT AND AND AFTER SEEING THAT AND FEELING THAT ISOLATION AND FEELING THAT ISOLATION AND DEPRESSION AND EMBARRASSMENT, I DEPRESSION AND EMBARRASSMENT, I KNEW THAT I HAD TO MAKE A KNEW THAT I HAD TO MAKE A CHANGE. CHANGE. ESPECIALLY BECAUSE MY BLOOD ESPECIALLY BECAUSE MY BLOOD PRESSURE WAS SO HIGH. PRESSURE WAS SO HIGH. I WAS IN STROKE RANGE AS A I WAS IN STROKE RANGE AS A 30-YEAR-OLD WOMAN. 30-YEAR-OLD WOMAN. I GOT FRIGHTENED AT THAT POINT. I GOT FRIGHTENED AT THAT POINT. MADE IT EASIER. MADE IT EASIER. >> YOU TALKED ABOUT THE LOSS OF >> YOU TALKED ABOUT THE LOSS OF LOSING YOUR MOM. LOSING YOUR MOM. A LOT OF PEOPLE CAN RELATE TO A LOT OF PEOPLE CAN RELATE TO THE EMOTIONAL EATING. THE EMOTIONAL EATING. TELL ME, HOW DID YOU TAKE THE TELL ME, HOW DID YOU TAKE THE FIRST STEP? FIRST STEP? WHAT DID YOU DO? WHAT DID YOU DO? >> THE FIRST THING I DID, WAS >> THE FIRST THING I DID, WAS START DIETING AS I KNEW HOW, START DIETING AS I KNEW HOW, WHICH WAS LOW-CALORIE AND WHICH WAS LOW-CALORIE AND LOW-FAT. LOW-FAT. I DIDN’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT I DIDN’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT KETOGENIC UNTIL A COUPLE MONTHS KETOGENIC UNTIL A COUPLE MONTHS LATER. LATER. ONCE I FOUND THAT, IT WAS THE ONCE I FOUND THAT, IT WAS THE DIFFERENCE. DIFFERENCE. I WAS ABLE TO ADD THINGS TO MY I WAS ABLE TO ADD THINGS TO MY DIET, I HAD TAKEN OUT, LIKE DIET, I HAD TAKEN OUT, LIKE CHEESE. CHEESE. I DIDN’T FEEL DEPRIVED ANYMORE. I DIDN’T FEEL DEPRIVED ANYMORE. THAT’S WHAT A LOT OF US FEEL THAT’S WHAT A LOT OF US FEEL WHEN WE’RE DIETING. WHEN WE’RE DIETING. I’M MISSING OUT. I’M MISSING OUT. AND I FOUND A DIET WHERE I FELT, AND I FOUND A DIET WHERE I FELT, WOW. WOW. >> I’VE BEEN DOING KETO, AS >> I’VE BEEN DOING KETO, AS WELL. WELL. LET’S LOOK AT WHAT YOU’RE DOING. LET’S LOOK AT WHAT YOU’RE DOING. WHAT’S INTERESTING ABOUT IT, I WHAT’S INTERESTING ABOUT IT, I FOUND ONE OF THE THINGS I HAD TO FOUND ONE OF THE THINGS I HAD TO FIGHT WAS EVERYBODY’S FIGHT WAS EVERYBODY’S PRECONCEIVED NOTIONS ABOUT PRECONCEIVED NOTIONS ABOUT WHAT’S HEALTHY AND WHAT YOU CAN WHAT’S HEALTHY AND WHAT YOU CAN AND CAN’T EAT. AND CAN’T EAT. >> ABSOLUTELY. >> ABSOLUTELY. THREE MEALS A DAY IS WHAT I THREE MEALS A DAY IS WHAT I START MY CLIENTS AT. START MY CLIENTS AT. I’M COACHING NOW. I’M COACHING NOW. >> GOOD FOR YOU. >> GOOD FOR YOU. >> I COACH NOW. >> I COACH NOW. WE START WITH THREE MEALS AND WE WE START WITH THREE MEALS AND WE TRANSITION INTO INTERMITTEN AND TRANSITION INTO INTERMITTEN AND FASTING. FASTING. >> I AM IN MAINTENANCE MODE AND >> I AM IN MAINTENANCE MODE AND I WORK OUT A LOT. I WORK OUT A LOT. >> YOU EAT ALL THIS IN A DAY? >> YOU EAT ALL THIS IN A DAY? >> OH, YEAH. >> OH, YEAH. >> THIS IS A LOT OF MEAT. >> THIS IS A LOT OF MEAT. >> AND EGGS AND VEGETABLE FAT >> AND EGGS AND VEGETABLE FAT WITH AVOCADO. WITH AVOCADO. >> I DO MY EGGS. >> I DO MY EGGS. YOUR AVOCADO IS YOUR HEALTHY YOUR AVOCADO IS YOUR HEALTHY FAT, AS WELL AS YOUR BACON. FAT, AS WELL AS YOUR BACON. >> BACON IS HEALTHY FAT? >> BACON IS HEALTHY FAT? REALLY? REALLY? >> THE FAT YOU NEED IN ORDER TO >> THE FAT YOU NEED IN ORDER TO BURN FOR ENERGY. BURN FOR ENERGY. YOUR BODY SWITCHES FROM BURNING YOUR BODY SWITCHES FROM BURNING CARBS TO BURNING FAT FOR FUEL. CARBS TO BURNING FAT FOR FUEL. >> DO YOU MISS CINNAMON ROLLS >> DO YOU MISS CINNAMON ROLLS AND BREAD? AND BREAD? THIS IS ALL YUMMY. THIS IS ALL YUMMY. BUT A CINNAMON ROLL AT THE END BUT A CINNAMON ROLL AT THE END WOULD BE SO DELIGHTFUL. WOULD BE SO DELIGHTFUL. >> I PROMISE YOU, THE THING I >> I PROMISE YOU, THE THING I MISS THE MOST, YOU WOULD NEVER MISS THE MOST, YOU WOULD NEVER GUESS. GUESS. PEANUT BUTTER AND JELLY PEANUT BUTTER AND JELLY SANDWICH. SANDWICH. I THINK ABOUT THAT A LOT. I THINK ABOUT THAT A LOT. BUT OTHER THAN THAT, IT’S WORTH BUT OTHER THAN THAT, IT’S WORTH IT. IT. >> I’M GETTING TO EAT THINGS >> I’M GETTING TO EAT THINGS THAT I LOVE. THAT I LOVE. >> AND YOU FEEL GREAT. >> AND YOU FEEL GREAT. >> I FEEL AMAZING. >> I FEEL AMAZING. ENERGY, CLARITY, THINGS I’VE ENERGY, CLARITY, THINGS I’VE NEVER FELT BEFORE. NEVER FELT BEFORE. >> AND SOMETHING YOU CAN KEEP UP >> AND SOMETHING YOU CAN KEEP UP WITH. WITH. I’VE NEVER HAD HIGH BLOOD I’VE NEVER HAD HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE IN MY LIFE. PRESSURE IN MY LIFE. NOW, IT’S PERFECT. NOW, IT’S PERFECT. THE PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING. THE PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING. >> YOU CAN’T HAVE PUDDING.

  Top Comments:
  1. @laliblackcastle2779 [2 likes]: I always come back to ketos, because it the easiest for me to stick to
  2. @shazanakhan9807 [2 likes]: Ive lost 105.6lbs, well done 👏
  3. @pueraeternus111 [1 likes]: Can you still drink COKE ZERO on Keto?
  4. @seducedbyskb [1 likes]: I want to lose about 90lbs
  5. @RickBomhof [1 likes]: so you can just eat 2steaks and eggs too right
  6. @AffirmativeAction-dl5zx [1 likes]: She's really beautiful
  7. @MikyARH [1 likes]: She is gorgeous  ❤❤❤❤
  8. @803trends [1 likes]: Where is she in 2024
  9. @brandonscott1103 [1 likes]: 13lbs every month.  Pointless.. keto you should be losing weight rapidly.. 50lbs in less than two months here.
  10. @Gainclaritywithkarina [1 likes]: Wow, amazing❤❤❤❤ love it. The story is inspiring. I am on keto 10th day🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  11. @nevilleaplin7888: well done look fab ❤
  12. @SarangaVlogs: ❤
  13. @lamagnificent9845: But you can’t have pudding!😂😂😂
  14. @casper98204: Blue dress lady comes right out with "That's a lot of meat!" and then "Don't you miss cinnamon rolls?" Unbelievable these negative Nellies.
  15. @FredElizabeth-y1m: Ankunding Point
  16. @RobtSteele-c3p: Powlowski Lodge
  17. @Jennakarpe: What’s wrong with meat? MEAT IS GOOD FOR YOU!!
  18. @arifigueroa7327: Keto is real but this actress AINT. soon as i saw the BACON i was GONE. idc what it "classifys" as or what excuse you use, bacon has NO type of beneficial or healthy aspect to it. Bacon is the most TOXIC food you can put into your body. its literally the ONLY meat that you can FREEZE and it will STILL grow and multiply in bacterias and parasites. pure poision.
  19. @firstgenchevelleman: Just take ozempic and keep eating like garbage
  20. @patriciaconway943: Unbelievable ❤❤❤❤❤

- 17 Quick Tips for Low Carb Dieting in the Real World!: Kind: captions Language: en eating a low-carb diet is an effective way to lose weight but we live in a high-carb world that is filled with fast food temptations grab-and-go pastries and endless pizza commercials in this video i'll share 17 quick tips to help you stay low-carb if you're just getting started this list will carry you all the way through to your goal if you're an established low carb dieter keep track and see how many of these tips you've already mastered one of the first things to realize when you go low carb is that carb addiction is real when you eat refined carbs like cookies cakes candies cereal and bread your brain releases a chemical called dopamine dopamine is nicknamed the feel good chemical because it makes you feel good did you ever eat a stale piece of chocolate or a dry pastry and think yuck this doesn't even taste good only to go on and eat the entire thing well that is thanks to the stimulation of dopamine your mouth might think that it doesn't taste good but your brain is loving it the only way to break free of carb addiction is to cut the carbs however like other addictive substances when you give it up you're faced with a few days of withdrawal symptoms to feel better follow tip number two which is to take an electrolyte supplement carbohydrates cause your body to retain water when you cut the carbs water along with electrolytes like sodium potassium and magnesium are flushed out which adds to the fatigue craving and headaches that we see with withdrawal do you know what else makes you feel better eating a refined carbohydrate but if you try to take the edge off of by sneaking a high carb snack you'll set back your progress be patient and allow your body the time it needs to transition from being a good sugar burner to being a good fat burner and to avoid giving into temptation live by tip number four which shares the truth that all cravings pass whether you give in and eat junk food or not the desire will go away as i like to say the only thing that chocolate does for me is make me want more chocolate of course anyone can get caught off guard by a weak moment so if you have an unplanned splurge follow tip number five and get right back on track with your next meal not the next day the quicker you get back on course the better you'll feel and the less work you'll make for yourself in the future tip number six is that refined carbs and fat don't mix the reality is that sometimes it stinks to be a low-carb dieter because the real world is not set up for your success we use high carb treats like cake to celebrate happy occasions and pizza is the ultimate quick dinner but if we break these foods down we see that they are a mix of refined carbohydrates and dietary fat which is the best combination to gain body fat the refined carbs in these calorie dense foods spike insulin which is the hormone that shuttles the unneeded calories into fat storage while eating carbs and fat together is not good doing the opposite should also be avoided so tip number seven is to avoid eating a diet that is low in both carbohydrates and dietary fat when you do that you rob your body of both of its primary energy sources and you feel drained and hungry the formula for a low carb or keto diet is to keep your carbohydrate intake low your fat intake high and your protein in a moderate range tip is to simplify your carb choices by focusing on the best and avoiding the worst the best option is non-starchy vegetables and the worst is sugar so for the most success think salad greens broccoli and cauliflower and skip those sugary snacks and desserts if you want a complete list of low carb foods that are acceptable you can download this list of 100 through the links provided tip number nine you'll be happiest with your results if you fill up at meal time and limit snacking the time off between meals allows your insulin level to drop which promotes the release of fat from your fat cells to help you avoid snacking at night follow tip number 10 which is to eat a high fat low carb dinner this combination will help you feel full until bedtime and keep your insulin level low making it easier for your body to burn fat overnight the best way to stay in control of your dinner is through our next tip which is to cook at home when you cook at home you know what's in your food cooking at home also allows you to gather some favorite recipes which makes long-term success easier a couple of high-fat low-carb meals that are easy to prepare include grilling meats and vegetables and having breakfast for dinner if you do find yourself at a restaurant go prepared with tip number 12 which is to pick your meal before you enter the most restaurants have online menus with the nutritional facts listed take 10 minutes before you go out to eat to choose what you would like to eat when you get to the restaurant don't even bother opening the menu you've already made the best choice when you cook at home and pre-pick your restaurant meals you find it easier to follow tip number 13 which is to avoid carb creep carb creep is a term i use to describe the tendency to loosen the rules on your low carb diet allowing your daily carbs to creep up if you're just getting started it's a good idea to track your carb intake daily if you are an experienced low carb dieter you may not need to track your intake every day but by doing so every week or two you can avoid carb creep to make sure you're not going down a slippery slope with your food choices follow tip number 14 to determine if the item is worth eating to do this make sure your intended meal meets two criteria you want the food to taste good and leave you feeling good after you eat it if it doesn't pass that test don't eat it as you get into your low carb journey you must guard against discouragement one of the best things to do is keep in mind tip number 15 which shares that comparisons are dangerous things your body is the one you've got and it is doing the best it can with the resources that it has available others might be able to eat more carbohydrates than you or get faster results but as long as you stick to your diet and keep your focus you will reach your goal another thing to guard against is the judgment of others which brings us to tip number 16. others will always question why you've changed your eating habits but there's no need to defend something that works results speak loudly stick with your diet and in the future some of those naysayers might just come to you for dieting advice and this ties into our 17th and final tip don't stop before the magic happens whether you have 10 pounds to lose or hundreds of pounds to lose the transition will take time except that the best things in life are worth working for and keep your focus on your goal there's nothing better for your joints heart immune system and sense of satisfaction than freeing yourself from the burden of excess weight and your low carb diet will get you where you want to be as long as you don't give up okay there you go 17 ways for you to stay low carb in this high carb world before you go please click the subscribe button and hit the bell icon to get a notification when my next video is released thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [7 likes]: Get Dr. Becky's List of 100 Low Carb Foods: https://drbeckyfitness.com/low-carb-food-list/
  2. @Lean__Strong-i8b [5 likes]: This is a helpful reminder that low-carb is a journey, not a race, and even small steps can make a big difference in the long run. Thanks for the practical tips and encouragement to keep going!
  3. @Lose_Weight_the_Easy_Way [1 likes]: These are great, actionable tips that really emphasize the mindset needed for long-term success. It's so true that the world isn't set up for low-carb, but with planning and a focus on progress, it's absolutely doable! Thanks for the encouragement and practical advice!
  4. @TheBeautyBlueprint-p2l [1 likes]: This video is a great reminder to focus on progress, not perfection, and to celebrate the small victories along the way. Thanks for the practical tips and the encouragement to make low-carb sustainable for the long haul!
  5. @I_Wanna_Kiss_U [1 likes]: Why do you think they call it 'dope'?
  6. @pdxoregon1: “One is too many, and a thousand isn’t enough.”
Dr Joan Ifland
Processed food addiction expert.
  7. @846globalpublishing: Thanks
  8. @JesusYeshualoveyou: But for loosing weight low carb and low fat is imminent, important. It work for me, yes everyone is different. I reduce the fat and thats fine.
  9. @mikekaupa9190: OK❤️
  10. @941books2: This video talks about eating low carb but not low fat. How are you supposed to do that with vegetables? Vegetables barely have any fat.
  11. @thechosenoneinktattoo7524: TY
  12. @mikachan2631: Does hair loss happen on low card diet too?
  13. @seanuciepeaslee: Great points! It's all about finding what works for you and making sustainable choices, not just following a rigid set of rules. Thanks for the encouragement!
  14. @Feminine_Body_Goals: This is exactly the encouragement I needed to hear! It's so helpful to have these practical tips for navigating real-life situations and staying consistent with low carb in the long term. Thanks for breaking it down in a way that feels sustainable and achievable.
  15. @Nourish__Slim: Great advice! It's so important to remember that progress, not perfection, is the key to making low-carb sustainable in the long run, especially when navigating social situations and temptations.
  16. @Lscales: Fat doesn’t release dopamine? I thought food did in general - like eating bacon haha
  17. @Dana-op6ex: Hi Dr. Becky, I do pretty well on a low carb, high fat and moderate protein diet.  I'm lean, exercise, and OMAD seems to work best.  I am wondering if I may need to eat more carbs like lentils, beans and sweet potatoes to fill me up.  Even though I provide a huge salad, and solid low carb dinner, I often seem to need to add a bowl of almond milk yogurt and berries after dinner.  I end up grazing on nuts and seeds and often my weight is fluctuating and I have worked really hard to get down 30 pounds to my desired, healthy weight.  Thoughts?
  18. @andrewtimmins2038: Love your videos... You are so helpful... Thank you...  Happy New Year!🎉
  19. @guadalupezavala5040: ❤❤❤❤
  20. @pastorzackanderson: Clear and basic and convincing.

- 34 Low Carb Meals for JUST $50!? || Eating Low Carb on a Budget: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody. What's up? Welcome back to my channel. This video is a bit different because I'm not a health food channel. I am none of that. I'm just a regular old channel and a girl who cooks. But I have been inspired inspired by this comment left on my Facebook group. I want to help everybody if I can. Well, I decided to do a low carb challenge. How many meals can I get for around 50 bucks that are low carb? Now, before we go any further, just listen. I'm not a dietitian. I'm not a nutritionist. I know nothing about nothing. The only way I found out any information about this is by Google. So, if some of this isn't right, you don't have to tell me. You don't have to tell me. just tweak it for yourself if it's not right, you know, cuz Google's at fault here. Google said 150 carbs to 51 carbs per day is considered a low carb diet. 50 and under is considered keto. I am not doing a keto. I am doing simply low carb. Okay. So 150 to 51 carbohydrates per day is considered low carb according to Dr. Google. So that's what I went by when I did this. Another thing, my serving sizes for my family are just enough food. Okay, this kept our tummies full. Honestly, we didn't get Let me ask. Hold on, people. Hello. Can you hear me? Yeah. Children, I have to ask you a question. the food that I've made over the past couple days. Have you been full all day? Yes. You've not been lacking, hungry. I'm starving. No. Okay. So, we have stayed full. I knew I personally stayed full with all this, but I was just making sure they stay full. Some people say that our serving sizes are too small. They are not. We actually eat over the recommended serving suggestion, which you're not technically supposed to do, but we do. But people still say our servings are too small and they need more. So, if you're one of those people who need more because your diet, I understand people's diets or health issues can make them have to eat more. My sister Caitlyn, she's like that. She has to eat more calories than we do because her body burns it up really fast. So, if you need more food, need more calories than this. Adjust it to fit your family. But I know what my family needs. I know what we can handle. And I'm not going to waste food by giving them more food than they can eat. And I am not going to purposely give them more food so they can overeat. You know, I know what their bodies can handle. I've I've raised them since birth. I know what they can handle, right? Okay. So, just adjust according to your family. But without any further ado, oh, one more thing. I'm sorry. Blabbermouth brick today. Walmart. I did a pickup delivery order thingama. Um, they totally messed up my order. Totally. They substituted the weirdest stuff when I had no substitutions clicked. It was awful. So, I had to get some refunds. I had to go back to the store and get some things and I had to rethink things as I was getting stuff because they were sold out of what I needed. It was a mess. So, I'm going to show you what I got in this next clip here. But, I want to put my total here of what I spent. Now, y'all know I have chickens, so I use my own chicken eggs. But my local Walmart sold eggs 18 count for $2.66. I'm using my hand. So, I'm going to add that to this total. There we go. That's what we got. I'm going to shut that down. I do have one issue. Walmart, I did this in a delivery order. And I click no substitution. They gave me a substitution. And this substitution is redonulous. I ordered low carb tortillas, the big ones, so I can make tortilla bowls for taco salads. They substituted it with tiny tortillas. Tomato basil. Ew. for I don't that would be good on a wrap, not a taco. So, I'm going to get my money back on this. And I do have to run to the store and get the ones I actually wanted. I did get a refund on this. It told me to keep or donate, but I'm going to go I have to run out today to my PO box, so I'm going to stop and get the real ones. But anyways, here we go. We have some strawberries, carrots, squash, zucchini, tomatoes, lettuce. This was a substitution. Okay, no substitutions. It was supposed to be regular, but we got some mixed veggies, chicken, ground turkey, rust, cauliflower, veggie tots, and let me explain the veggie tot situation. I was looking for the lowest carb for like a side like this. And sweet potato fries were 23 g of carbohydrates. Regular fries were 22 g of carbohydrates. These veggie tots, it says, where is it? These are 15. So that's why I got the veggie tots. Not completely homemade, but hey, sometimes you can't do everything homemade. And this was a lot less than potatoes. We have some flat out bread. Pretend these are the real ones that I needed. Um the cheddar smoked sausage, mozzarella cheese, sharp cheddar cheese. I just realized they forgot to give me my pasta sauce. It wasn't in my order and I paid for it. But dag gone. Got to fix that. Um, real bacon pieces, some Chipotle ranch. The carbohydrates on this was 2 g compared to five in the diet dressings. This is three. Crazy to me. Four cans of chicken breast. And I am going to be using my own chicken eggs, but I did add that into the total. And I am missing Hunt spaghetti sauce. and they charged me for it. So, I have to contact Walmart on that to get a refund. So, that's great. Walmart pickup lately has been so bad. Why did I do this to myself? I just didn't want to go into a store. But now I'm going to have to go into a store anyways to get the stuff they forgot. But it's fine. But I'm feeling good about this and the stuff that I have planned. I'm excited cuz if it is as good as I'm thinking it's going to be it might go in regular rotation. Yeah, we got some habachi planned. I love habachi. I will be using a few of my pantry items and I like I've said before, I advise everyone to have a little bit in their pantry so they can have seasonings and things like that. But I'm going to go get dressed for the day. I'm going to make lunch and then I'm going to fix the issue that I have with my order. So, everything will be good after that. This is what I'm doing for good old lunch. This meal will go a lot further and could be multiple lunches. But, we have five people in our family. So, I'm going to be putting one away and it'll be a random lunch for somebody someday this week. So, I'm taking the flat out and the smoked sausage and these veggie tots. And I'm making lunch. Last night, we let the Okay, I'll be using three of the well, two and a half of these. What you do, By the way, we make this just because it's good. It just being low carb is a plus. I'm going to put one half of this back into here and use it for the random lunch one day. We have all that left over and we'll be making other things with this. So, total carbohydrates for one of these 9 + 6, what's that? 15 carbohydrates. [Music] I'm going to bake these in the oven for about 10 minutes on 375 400. All right. And I'm going to be baking these cauliflower pots. They have bacon and cheese on the inside, so that's cool. Um, also to go with this meal, I'm going to be saucing up a little bit of strawberries or carrots. I'll let everybody pick if they want strawberries or carrots. I'm going to save this one for a random other meal. And here is everybody's lunch. We have a baked better cheddar wrapped in a flat wrap, a serving of the cauliflower bacon and cheese tots, and a serving of strawberries. Total carbohydrates 32.9 for the whole plate. Protein 17 gram for a whole plate. Mhm. Those are surprisingly good. What is that again? Uh cauliflower cheese bacon tots. Damn. It's a mouthful. Might have to buy those. It's always good. Yeah. So, is that a winner winner? Oh, most most definitely. So, you're the one who read all the stuff. It said for the whole plate, it's 32.9 g of carbohydrates. Is that good? From what I read, it is. Okay. And it's tasty, too. Honest, guys. Hello, it's me, Margaret. So, as you know, Walmart messed up my order. I went to the store to get everything fixed. I didn't get any spaghetti sauce because I thought, you know what? I don't need that spaghetti sauce. So, I just got a refund on that. But I got the tortillas that I needed and I got an extra bag of rice cauliflower. Tonight, we're going to be making homemade habachi. I'm using my chicken eggs, chicken, squash, zucchini. Instead of rice, we're going to be using rice, cauliflower, and mixed veggies. I'm going to be using some pantry seasonings as well. Soy sauce, garlic powder, things like that. The first thing I'm going to do is cut up my zucchini squash. What I like to do when I'm making squash or zucchini for habachi, I cut out the seeds. I'm going to feed this to my chicken so it doesn't go to waste, but I notice it's more firm and less slimy. Okay, I got this all sliced up and I'm going to put this in a bowl to give my chicken. Whoop! Setting it to the side. Next, I'm going to prepare the chicken. By the way, this is a pound of chicken tenders. The serving size of chicken is 4 oz. So, this will easily feed a family of four. We are a family of five, but I'm going to be honest with you. I'm gonna be making Colin chicken nuggets cuz he won't eat this. I'm whisking up three eggs to begin with just so these will be ready. I'm going to be using chicken bullion. There are no carbs in this so this should be fine. Butter. No carbs in this either. Is butter a carb? Is butter a carb? I'm sorry. This is going to be a big pan, so I'm using a little bit of butter. I'm going to be using my easy onion. Zero carbs. You can use onion powder. I just have this, so I'm using this. Squirting a little bit in there. I'm also going to be using some garlic. Spoon. Stir it around for a minute. Let it get all cooked and the aroma starts filling the air. After it's cooked for like a minute, add your veg. By the way, y'all, I'm doing this the same way I would regular habachi. So, I hope it works. Okay, now I want to add my rice. That's both bags. At this point, I am going to shake some chicken bullion on top of that cauliflower to give it a little ump. I'm not going to be adding any salt to this because this is salty. I'm going to add a little bit of pepper. Little bit of sesame oil. No carbs in this. A little bit of low sodium soy sauce. This has one carb per tablespoon. I'm going to use two tablespoons. Now, we're going to fry this up. Let's do some garlic powder. We're going to be putting some ground ginger in this. I get mine at Royal King. This is like a dollar a bag. It's awesome. Now going to clear out a spot for my eggs. A dollop of butter for the eggs. Add them eggs. Three eggs total in case you forgot. All right, fried rice is done. I'm going to set it to the side and start cooking my chicken. Better. Okay, with this chicken, I'm going to start out the same way. Little bit of this onion or onion powder. Bit of garlic. A little bit of sesame oil and soy sauce, garlic powder, and a pinch of ginger. Okay, my chicken is done. I'm going to remove it and I'm going to cook the zucchini and squash in the same skillet. Need a little bit. Boom. I'm just going to season these up with some garlic powder and a little pepper. Oops. Now I'm just going to add a little bit of water to delaze the pen. Get that flavor in there. Let this cook for a couple more minutes. Then we'll plate it up. Each plate has two servings of the fried rice, one serving of the zucchini and yellow squash, and one serving of chicken. As you guys already know, Kylin is eating nuggets and carrots cuz he doesn't like peas, cooked carrot, so it's just easier for me. This is real life. This is what she looks like. That looks like real rice. I did the math on this. Total carbohydrates in one plate. This whole meal 19.2 protein is 45.48 grams of protein in this. All right, guys. Braden's going to give this a go to let you know what he thinks. Braden, please be 100% honest with everyone. Okay, that's so good. Can you tell that's cauliflower and not rice? Mhm. I need a little bit. Okay, I'm going to get Ryder in here. He's more judgmental. Now, be 100,000% honest. I mean it. You can't tell the difference. Really? Woohoo! You guys heard it. Also, before I go for today, um I just want to say I am adding all of the the carbohydrates and the protein up myself by hand according to what the back of the bag say. He's a hardworking man, everyone. He was like, "Everybody's going to see me sweaty." He works. Anyways, um tell me how it is, babe. Can you tell that that's not rice? What? That's cauliflower. Oh, you didn't know? No, that's a low carb meal for the video I'm doing. That's 19.2 gram of carbs in that whole plate. That's 19.2 gram of awesome. Then I think it's so good. I think I'm going to keep doing it that way. Yeah, this really good. No, honey. That is not rice. Well, my dinner. It's rice cauliflower. It's good. We're just going to have omelets for lunch today. lunch. Easy peasy. I think I made a short on these before. These got really popular like back in quarantine and I love them. So do the kids. For each can of chicken breast, you take an egg and a half a cup of cheese, mix it together, pat it out, and you have your homemade chicken nuggets. So, we are going to be making homemade chicken nuggets. And we're not just going to be eating chicken nuggets. I'm going to cut up some veggies and we are going to have wraps with chicken. Yum. Let's do it. Oo, that's actually about two cups of cheese. So, I'm going to put half of this in a Ziploc bag. No, I'll use the other half of this to sprinkle on the wraps. Yeah, I'm putting in a cup of cheese. Saving this for the wraps. And I'm going to drain my chicken. can. I'm going to add both cans of Crack two eggs. That was a double yreer. Do you see that double yolk? Well, darn. I got three egg yolks in here. It'll work. I didn't That one wasn't very big. Usually the double yolkers are gigantic. I'm just going to be adding a little bit of salt, pepper, and that's all I'm going to add to mine because they're good like this. If you want to add more seasonings, go right ahead. Okay, now I'm just going to shred up this chicken and mix everything together. And you can use any cheese with this, too. If you don't like cheddar, use anything you like. I bet pepperjack would be really good in it, too. Give a little more oomph. I'm going to bake these on 400 for 10 minutes. Take them out, flip them, and then do 10 more minutes. Oh, yeah. We got to do the up close. Okay. I'm going to save this for the wraps. Like I said, going to wrap up my leftover cheese. We're going to use this for other things. I have carrots on the side. We're putting lettuce in the wrap, tomato in the wrap with cheese. We're going to have a choice of Chipotle ranch or regular ranch and wraps. I'm going to be using the flatouts. And yes, you can have a wrap with just chicken, but the commenter who inspired me for this video said she needed high protein. So, I'm trying to add protein when I can. And those Cheeto Cheeto those keto chicken nuggets, they are full of protein, so it's a plus about this. I'm going to go ahead and talk about it while I'm waiting on the chicken nuggets. Some people ask um why do we like a lot of YouTubers like when they're doing these emergency or extreme grocery budgets, what budgets can talk, why do they put 60 meals for $20 when it's like 4 days worth of food? The reason I do that is because not everybody is a family of five. So what's one dinner for us could be two dinners for a smaller family. So that's why I do it that way because if we're going to be having five wraps tonight, but if you're a family of two or three, this could be two nights of dinners. It can go a lot further than it can go for us. So that's why I do my titles that way. So y'all see my double yolk, right? I showed you my double yolk and it was more runny than it needed to be. Well, because it was more runny than it needed to be. Egg. This happened. We have egg patty. The nuggets cooked in the middle of the egg. You know what? This is real life. This is what happened. I want to do another round of these nuggets and I want to do it the correct way. And I'm going to make sure to get the tiniest eggs when I do it so there's no double yolk issue. But it's it's fine. These are going to be good still. All right. They look so funny because they're not supposed to look like that. I will do the correct version later. But here's the wraps. I only have a side a half a serving of carrots because one serving of carrots was a lot. The whole bag fed five people and I just could not. But anyways, each pylon's just getting the nugs. He wanted cheese and he's getting carrots. So, each one of these plates right here has 28.55 carbohydrates with no dressing and 26.25 gram of protein per plate. Now, when we add dressing to this to make the wrap, it's going to add two to three carbs depending on which dressing we use. But there we go. Five more meals and Kylin's little things. I swear that's so funny the way that happened. And there it is. Let's wrap it up. Let's look at her. Give that wrap a go. That's really good. Thanks, homie. It's Bright Rice. Goat. Oh no, he just dropped lettuce on my foot. Good. I was I don't know which end to start at. That's a cheesy end. That's a gooey end. Start whichever way you want. Is it good? Okay, Kakai, try the homemade chicken nuggets. Oh, I hate painted, y'all. Okay. You see this is unopened. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. There's 10 in here. It says eight, but there's 10. So, that's cool. Okay, so we had a hankering for pizza, but I didn't have any sauce cuz, you know, Walmart kind of dropped the ball on that. But anyways, I decided to make cheese sticks. Who doesn't love a good cheese stick? And we're going to put some bacon on there. So, I'm shredding my cheese and I'm topping the tortillas with cheese and then bacon. And I'm baking those in the oven for around five to 8 minutes. Here's lunch. It is cheese sticks with bacon and we have strawberries on one side. Cut up the rest of those berries. Thanks. Hey everybody, do a taste test on those cheese sticks. Oh, he fainted. And y'all can see my dirty dishes again. For dinner tonight, we're going to be making some tacos. Taco salads. I'm going to get the rest of that lettuce out. Well, maybe not all of it, but I'm going to get the lettuce out, chop it up, chop up some cheese, and we are going to bake these into the shape of a bowl. This is how I'm going to make them into a bowl cuz I don't have one of those cooker things. I'm starting to cook up that ground turkey and I'm going to make this into taco meat. All right, I'm going to start shredding up some of this cheese. Real shredded cheese. Over here, I chopped up most of that lettuce. I have like maybe a wedge this big left. Okay, I've got some of my Pantry taco seasoning and the ground turkey. I have baked tortillas. These have already got lettuce in them. I'm letting these cool down before I put lettuce in there. Okay, here are mine. Brder braiden and dusties. And we're going to put some of that Chipotle ranch over top. Colin's, he's not getting just a big bell of cheese, but I'm going to make him little cheese taco roll-ups. We do still have a tortilla left over. And I could have made Colin one of these easily. It's just that he asked for this. And as long as he's eating, it's by it's fine by me. For these little cheese taco rollups, I'm going to sprinkle cheese in the bottom of this and let it melt and get crispy. Try to make it as best I can into a circle. Okay, just let that melt and I'm going to let it get crispy. Okay, she looks like this. She's crusty on the bottom. She's melty on the inside. That And I'm going to roll it up. And there's Kylin's little tacos made out of cheese. And it has still cheesy on the inside. We'll see how he likes those. And to these, the serving size is two tablespoons. Before anybody asks, no, my children are not on a diet. I'm not on a diet. Dusty isn't. We're just showing everybody how to do low carb on a budget if they're low carb. Boom. And there she is. Brder, how do you think it looks? It looks nice. that's a lot in there if anybody's wondering. Go. Pretty good. Thanks. Here, Kylin. My homemade taco shells. Is that cool? Give it a go. [Laughter] Thanks. Okay, everybody. I will put the total carbs and protein here. Hello everyone. This is the last meal of this video. And usually on these videos when I do the last meal, it's just me putting random stuff together with the ingredients I have left. So, let's take a look at what I have left. So, this is what we have left. One egg out of those 18, two cans of chicken breast, a half a bag of carrots, a little wedge of this lettuce, and when I made those um cheesesticks, I had a little wedge left over that I saved just for this. We have both dressings left, so this can go over into the next round of food. We have one tortilla left and one and a half flatouts left. and one better cheddar left. So, this is just a smorgus board night, but it's going to be low carb. So, y'all seen when I made those homemade keto chicken nuggets, how I put they snuck a double yolk in me. That sounded weird. They snuck a double yolk into an egg and it didn't look like the usual double yolks. So, it was more runny than usual. But, I will say that it was bomb.com even though I had extra egg in it. But I'm going to use these and that egg and that leftover cheese and we're going to make waffle chicken patties keto style. I'm going to slice up the rest of this I almost call it cabbage lettuce. I think we're just going to do raw carrots cuz we like raw carrots better than we like cooked. You could definitely cook them and make carrot fries or something, but we really like raw carrots. And I'm going to make that last better cheddar. We'll see. We Let's just do it. Let's do it to it. I want to put like this much of the cheese in here. It's not. It's a regular. I'm going to drain both cans of this Don't do that. I want to add just a little bit of salt and some pepper. Okay. Okay. And start crushing up this chicken breast and mixing it thoroughly. When I do that, I will see you next to the waffle maker. We meet again, waffle maker. Just going to put a little butter on it so it don't stick. I mean, it shouldn't anyways, but you never know. Okay. Make a waffle chicken patty. Waffle maker is waffling. I want to use this the rest of this little bit of cheese and make a small cheese quesadilla. All right. So, what I'm going to do, I'm actually going to make this in the oven because I'm going to bake that better cheddar in a flat out and I don't want dirt on this. So, I'm just going to keep an eye on it and I'm going to flip it. So, here it is. I'm going to put it on my pan. And if you guys don't like raw carrots, you could surely make these into fries. Put a little seasoning on them. Maybe like a little spritz of olive oil or something and air fry them. You can make carrot fries. We just really like raw carrots and it's the only way Kylin eats carrots. So, if he eats it, I'm going to make it that way. And you guys may have noticed he didn't eat a lot of the same things as us during this video. I'm not going to fight with him to get him to eat things that he doesn't want to eat. That's not how I do it here. So, I am knowingly as I'm cooking, I'm going to make him something that I know he's going to eat. And here is the last S'mores board lowarb dinner. The somebody is getting a wrap with the chicken patty, some lettuce, and I put a little bit of carrot in there so it could be like a salad wrap and some carrots on the side. This is that cheese quesadilla, but it has a chicken nugget in it on both sides and some carrots on the side. In this, I would like to call this a Mc Chicken without the bun. We got it on a bed of lettuce. And we have some mayonnaise. Well, they can use the ranch or chipotle, too. And put over top with a side of carrots. This Colin's already got dibs. He's he wanted that. And he's got the last better cheddar with a side of carrots. And another bunless McChick. Okay, first up, we got Kai. Hello. Look, we got carrots and we got a better cheddar in a wrap. M. You don't want ranch to dip it in? No. Put a little bit right here. Okay. Braden wants ranch on his. He got the little quesadilla. There you go. Okay. Give it a go. Ryder, are you putting chipotle in yours? Ryder wanted the wrap, so he's putting chipotle on it. Is that enough food to keep your tummy full? Mhm. All right. Come on. Okay, Ryder before Oh, you like those things. Do you want me to make these more often and not just for video? Okay. Now, I do have a question for you. The last couple days, have you had enough food? Yeah. So, I was thinking it's because all the extra protein we're eating cuz I've been full, too. Okay. But last night's dinner, the taco salad, did you keep full? So, you've not you're not Tell the world if you're starving or not. I'm not starving. I do have another question because I don't know the answer to this. Have you been snacking the past few days? Cuz I haven't. Okay. I'm just curious. Dusty's busy. So, I'm going to try the bunless McChick. And I really think I want to do mayo on this. And I'm going to be honest with you, I don't think I can eat this whole thing. Don't know why. It's just I've been staying full. I swear. I think it's all that extra protein. That's good. Swear I could eat this all the time. I put aside 20 bucks for this video because I didn't know how we would stay full with all of this minus the carbs and things. And I was prepared to go to the store in the middle of this video and get more stuff just to make it through. I didn't have to. That protein really does work. So, that was it. That's what I did for a low carb emergency food budget. It actually wasn't that hard. I've noticed, and Google said this, too, the whole thing with low carb diets is just to substitute. But I did notice that a lot of the substitutions were more expensive than the regular substitutions because normally when I spend this much money on food, I get at least five to six days out of it. But this is totally fine when you have to eat this way. That's not a lot of money to spend on this amount of food. I think that's pretty good. And we don't do breakfast. So, I didn't do breakfast. I was trying to make this as realistic as possible. And this food kept us full. It really did. I want to say that it's because of like the extra protein we got because we haven't been like snacking hardly at all, but it's been keeping us full a lot longer. I'm kind of amazed and I kind of like this way of cooking because it keeps us full longer and we don't get hungry as quick and I love it. And I'm going to be honest with you, the past 5 days I have lost 6 lbs and I've been full. And I haven't I'm not intentionally losing weight. And I'm sure a lot of that has to do with water weight too because when people start eating differently, their body sheds water. So Google says, but I did six pounds. Not complaining, but I did. So it works. And I've had a lot more energy, too. and my sleep has got better. I guess carbs just weigh me down or something. I don't know. But we enjoyed it. And I might do a few more videos like this because this way of cooking wasn't bad. And it wasn't really all that different when I got the substitutions down. Maybe I didn't do it perfectly, but I did lose six lbs. Which you're not supposed to lose a ton of weight in a week. That's like a lot for that amount of time. But it was water weight more than likely. It was not fat, but it was water weight. It helped me shed that extra water I was bloating with. So, that's pretty cool. But anyways, I'm going to stop blabbering now. I'll see you guys later. Hope you enjoyed this video. And I hope I did it right. If I didn't, it's fine. Just tweak it to make sure it is right. But I love you guys and I'll see you later. Remember, as always, stay positive, stay kind, be happy. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @careystayton2663: All the recipes you made looked delicious and im going to try some of them when i do I'll tell how it went keep sharing meals like this❤😊 i eat casadillas alot but i dont fold them i heat up a whole wheat low varb tortilla untill there heated thruogh i pit shredded cheesa and a protein then i put a cooked one on top and heated flipping once❤😊
  2. @careystayton2663: Byrdseye used to have mashed cauliflower you could not tell the difference between mashed potatoes but i think they discontinued  it and cauliflower rice is delicious ❤😊
  3. @careystayton2663: Classico vodka sauce is. A zero carb low suger saice and its delicious try it some time and the only reason i mention it is im daibetic.. maube do a few diabetic meals❤😊
  4. @daphnecampbelljinnette6808: The "diet" foods often have more carbs because they substiture starches for fats!
  5. @laniezenone: I've never thought about doing wraps around a hot dog!!  I'm gluten free and can't have crescent dough anymore. But this hack is going to be AWESOME 💯 Thank you Brooke! ❤
  6. @wendym1860: you can subtract the amount of fiber from the total carbs and it is less carbs per meal
  7. @Crimson_and_Clover_: Definitely got to get myself a waffle maker. Thank you & your lovely family for being your taste testers! A child's joy or disdain can never be hid. The kids & Dusty really, REALLY enjoyed your various meals. I definitely got inspired by your meal plan. Thank you for sharing your love & your recipes with the world, Brooke.🥰❤
  8. @vickiemachado3494: Add another can of chicken in that double yolk.
  9. @gingclausen: You are awesome! I love your ideas, your little food fainter... Lol! Here's an idea on the riced cauliflower. If you fry it up a bit, it gets rid of the excess water. You can also flavor it while you fry.
  10. @jimmygass-UT: Brooke- I love your low-carb meals. I am gluten intolerant and on a low-carb diet if I have gluten I get severe migraines so I hope y’all share more recipes that are low-carb. I can substitute any gluten issues that the low carbs are nice reminder and helpful from you love your sweet spirit. You always cheer me up !!!
  11. @angelikaklinglerklingler9821: Walmart delivery is a nightmare. I constantly get wrong items or not at all and drivers do not speak a word of English. Sorry u want to live in the USA you NEED to learn english
  12. @vickiemachado3494: To make sure no double yolks, crack the eggs one at a time in a cup. I have had double yolks in the grocery store eggs before. , which is crazy. Messed a cake up because of it, so I always crack eggs in a cup now
  13. @Kimberly-e4o9n: 20 per meal not 10
  14. @Kimberly-e4o9n: If your a diabetic u should not ever have more than 10 carbs per meal an less is best.. love your show an your family ❤
  15. @epiphanysnow5282: My 11 year old was just diagnosed type 1 diabetic. Could you do a low carb diabetic meal video on TEENAGER friendly low carb meals? Im just stressed and shes picky.. and HELP
  16. @dawns007Tableatalk: Serving size is definitely larger then what it was 30 yrs ago. I'm doing the Mediterranean diet high protein and low carbs
  17. @frugalityrules: I love your videos sooooo much!!  The way you have your family taste test everything is fun and entertaining.  Thank you!!!
  18. @connielynn195: As a whole, Americans tend to over eat.  You are feeding your boys enough.  They seem to be fairly sedentary so they don't need a whole lot of food to keep their energy up.  If the older boys were playing some kind of sports like football and having practice every day they might need more.  Also if you are using the riced cauliflower, people will have to quit complaining that you're not giving them enough vegetables.  You are doing a great job.
  19. @SusanVillagomez: Those meals looked good.
  20. @jillstover8782: Love the video and husband shirt I really like that! Thanks for doing this I need protein

- Lily Nichols - 'Is Low Carb Safe During Pregnancy?': Kind: captions Language: en so as you can tell elephant in the room this is not for meeting too many burritos I am in fact pregnant so perfect that I'm speaking on this topic today by show of hands and hopefully you can see with the lights how many of you have wondered if low-carb is safe in pregnancy okay looks like quite a few people in the room from what I can see how many of you feel like you have a good answer to that question less hands okay typical so on no disclosures other than if you buy my books I make money from that so I'm a real food registered dietitian this isn't an official term it's just something that those of us who don't follow like food pyramid super high grain recommendations tend to call ourselves and I'm also a diabetes educator most of my career has actually been in prenatal nutrition and gestational diabetes in a lot of different arenas running from public policy clinical practice research consultant speaking and a lot of writing I'd say most people know me from my work on gestational diabetes because I developed a different approach and we'll talk about how my approach is different than the conventional approach for managing gestational diabetes I've been lucky that and the Czech Republic actually took note and they have revised their guidelines they've removed a mandatory minimum for carbohydrates for pregnancy so that's huge and I hope other countries will follow suit thank you and then I'm also the co-founder of the women's health nutrition Academy we offer continuing ed on women's health nutrition so this is a huge topic to unpack in 30 minutes it's better unpacked and about 90 minutes so I'll try to keep it focused on a few areas so first is how metabolism changes in pregnancy I think sometimes we set policies from this top-down approach without considering what's actually happening physiologically during pregnancy we'll talk about the different types of ketosis and which ones might be safe or unsafe in pregnancy and then talk a lot about epigenetics and fetal programming specifically on the effects of excessive carbohydrate intake on pregnancy outcomes so even though I'm a dietician I am not your typical cereal eating calorie counting dietitian that probably goes without saying otherwise I wouldn't be on this stage so when I first started working in the prenatal nutrition field especially with gestational diabetes I was working with the California state program on gestational diabetes called California gestational diabetes and pregnancy program let's not mess that up and I was dumbfounded to hear a statistic that women with poorly controlled gestational diabetes have children who face a six-fold higher risk of developing obesity or type 2 diabetes in their lifetime and we put so much emphasis on working on this childhood obesity issue and kind of you know blaming the parents for giving bad food blaming the kids for eating too much sugar blaming them for not exercising enough but what if there was something that metabolically happened some fetal programming or epigenetic effects from the environment they were exposed to in utero that actually affects their lifetime metabolic risk and that in fact is the case and some studies that have actually found that risk is not six-fold but up to nineteen fold higher so this is an area where we can really make a difference two birds with one stone such so imagine my surprise when I started working this field and found that the recommendation for pregnancy was to eat more carbohydrates this is not different for people with gestational diabetes the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics is the new name for the American Dietetic Association this comes directly from their policy paper on pregnancy and nutrition the sample meal plan is on the side so just take a look at breakfast for example oatmeal low-fat milk strawberries anyways this provides more than 300 grams of carbohydrates per day and that's actually in like the mid-range of their carbohydrate recommendations so when I first started using these recommendations and you know it was a good day to shin you follow the rules early on there's all these worries about doing anything that's different than other people in your field or getting in trouble and close to half of my patients required insulin or medication to manage their blood sugar and pregnancy and sometimes their blood Sugar's actually got worse after they met with me so I had to wonder did they fail the diet or did diet therapy fail them you can guess what I what conclusion I came to but this led me to go deep into the research of how these recommendations were set are they evidence-based is it truly harmful to go low carbon pregnancy as we're all told and that's the topic of my presentation today so the standard recommendations for pregnancy are like the rest of the general public 45 to 65% of your calories coming from carbohydrates they recommend a minimum of no less than 175 grams per day that is the number that's really harped upon in the gestational diabetes world by the way you will never see a sample meal plan from a conventional dietitian that has less than 175 grams per day this is a sample meal plan that a client shared with me this was what her hospital gestational diabetes program gave her so 220 some grams of carbs per day split up with 45 to 60 grams at lunch and dinner and 30 grams of carbs at each snack so your just carb loading all day long and note there's three snacks so this you know it really adds up and they especially push this evening snack because they're afraid that you'll go into accelerated starvation overnight which they think is a really bad idea so what was difficult about this for me is that I couldn't find where this magical 175 gram number came from and when I look at the research study is of course trying to go back to all the peer-reviewed stuff the papers would just cite each other and never cite the source so I finally found my answer digging through this Institute of Medicine document from 2005 on macronutrients and they start with an estimated average requirement of carbohydrates for all adults by the way so you can laugh at this of a hundred grams per day they add on additional for the energy demand of pregnancy which they believe is about 300 calories and of course you have to get that minimum of 45 percent of those from carbohydrates and then they add in additional to account for the glucose used by the fetal brain which is about 33 grams although depending on the study you're looking at it's as low as 17 grams funny enough as you dig further through this document you see that it contradicts itself many many times this first quote many of you have seen before the lower limit of dietary carbohydrate compatible with life is zero provided that adequate amounts of fat and protein are consumed lovely we have this built-in mechanism called gluconeogenesis that we don't die when we don't have carbohydrates and this also continues during pregnancy the big problem here is ketones so these have generally been considered unsafe in pregnancy how many of you heard that ketosis is unsafe and pregnancy okay les hands because we're you know at a low carb conference but these two quotes come from you know conventional gestational diabetes literature even if a woman is having high blood sugar you're not supposed to cut back on carbohydrates the answer is to give insulin or medication to treat it they are worried about ketosis because they're worried that it will harm fetal development specifically fetal brain development and what's interesting about this is if you really dig into the literature and you have to go back to like the 1960s when they started doing most of this research on ketosis and pregnancy you find that it originated from a single study in 1969 where they measured urine ketones at a single time point in women upon admission to the hospital when they were in labor and then they correlated that with childhood IQ so first of all women in labor are often like not able to eat it kind of lose your appetite you're not drinking as much you're gonna have ketones in your urine you just almost all women go into ketosis and labor so it's kind of meaningless urine ketones don't correlate with blood ketones particularly in pregnancy so again meaningless and of course this is correlation not causation and follow-up studies did not corroborate and those results interestingly has you dip into what's actually happening during pregnancy physiologically you see that there's a tendency to develop ketosis sometimes ketones go up two to threefold from baseline for anybody who's been low carb or keto and has monitored ketones pre pregnancy and then gets pregnant they noticed that they slip into ketosis much easier even at lower levels of less carbohydrate restriction nicer I should say so if ketosis happens naturally in pregnancy or our body's dumb like how would we have survived as a species in times of inadequate food or living at high latitudes where you naturally don't have as much carbohydrate availability because it just does not grow how would we have survived how would we not all have brain damage children like there has to be something going on here so it's important to think about the different types of ketosis and for a lot of you this will be review for clinicians who are new in this area this might be completely new information because even in my training as a dietician and a certified diabetes educator that's like you know the gold standard of educators in diabetes care they don't talk about this they just assumed ketosis means diabetic ketoacidosis and it's a medical emergency and the sky is falling so nutritional ketosis is when your body burns primarily fat for fuel because the diet is limited in carbohydrates but not energy so you're eating enough food in the form of fat and protein you're just not eating a ton of carbohydrates in this state your blood sugar remains normal this is a natural state that pregnant women will go in and out of throughout pregnancy it's benign it's nothing to worry about you're eating enough calories you're getting enough micronutrients you're just not binging on carbohydrates starvation ketosis on the other hand and by the way a lot of the study is trying to prove that ketosis is harmful are either looking at starvation ketosis in pregnancy or diabetic ketoacidosis we don't have good data on nutritional ketosis in pregnancy in this state your body is Brune burning primarily stored body fat for fuel because you're not eating enough you are starving and this is a bad idea in pregnancy because you're also not getting a number of essential nutrients macro and micronutrients we've known since at least the 70s that this is a problem it alters the amount of amino acids in the amniotic fluid if we look at the data from the Dutch famine study we know that limiting the amount of food and thus nutrients that a woman is eating can have long-term metabolic consequences for their children so not a good idea don't starve yourself in pregnancy and then DKA is a very special situation in type 1 diabetics or insulin dependent type 2 diabetes when you're not taking enough insulin exogenous insulin meaning not what your body produces what you take in the form of like an insulin shot keep in mind pregnancy a natural naturally hyperinsulinemic state so by the end of pregnancy a woman will produce two to three times the amount of insulin maybe more than pay depending on how many carbohydrates she's eating but DKA DKA doesn't make sense in normal pregnancy in that context because you're not in a state of insulin deprivation in DKA you see high levels of blood sugar you see acidic blood pH you see very very high blood ketone levels that you're just not gonna see in somebody who's limiting their carbohydrate intake this is known to be extremely unsafe in pregnancy we have study after study many of them dating from the 80s and 90s showing that it can harm fetal brain development essentially the problem is when people assume that ketosis or a woman having ketones in her urine automatically means that she's in DKA which is not true the only way to prove somebody is in DKA is to measure their blood ketones which they seem to never want to do by the way but a lot of practitioners get really concerned when they see urine ketones and pregnant women and you're just you're gonna see that all the time and it's nothing to worry about the only way to get rid of them is to eat massive quantities of carbohydrates and as I'll share later that's not a good idea so the point I want to drive home here is that low level ketosis is normal compared to people who are not pregnant healthy pregnant women will naturally have higher blood ketone levels particularly after not eating for 12 to 18 hour period you even see you know three to four hours after a meal elevated ketones in the range of like nutritional ketosis like 0.3 point 4 millimoles per liter it's nothing to worry about that's naturally what the body does as you get further along in pregnancy ketosis is even more common so again why might this be happening so we have to look back at what's happening with pregnancy metabolism and I feel like there's this disconnect in the research where you have people we're talking about pregnancy physiology and then people talking about adverse pregnancy outcomes and they seem to not see the link between the two and get to extreme and strange conclusions that don't take into account normal pregnancy physiology so an early pregnancy your body's in an anabolic state it wants to accrue maternal fat stores insulin resistance is naturally lower if you work with type 1 diabetic women you actually often see their insulin needs meaning like the amount of exogenous insulin they're taking trough at a point in the first trimester before it starts to climb to that double or triple levels later in pregnancy you're less prone to ketosis in the first trimester unless you're really not able to eat much from nausea and food aversions but usually people naturally are inclined to eat more carbs and then they're not in ketosis in the first trimester in late pregnancy your body switches to a catabolic state this is true of all mammals by the way it's not just humans you see higher insulin resistance you see that your body's programmed to shunt as many nutrients to the baby because that's when the baby is growing very rapidly meaning in terms of like putting on mass and you also start breaking down maternal fat stores so early in pregnancy some women feel like they're really bloated or like I'm so pudgy and that's that's naturally built into pregnancy metabolism later on your body will start pulling from those maternal fat stores to send energy to babies you're also more prone to ketosis in this state which makes sense since you're burning more fat there's a lot of theories for higher ketone levels ironically the first one is actually brain development because the fetal brain gets about 30% of its energy from ketones they're used to ascent to synthesize essential lipids for the brain they're involved in myelin synthesis as well it could be to help with energy levels in late pregnancy because maternal generation of ATP comes almost exclusively from burning fats at that point it could also be from for infant survival you because healthy infants are naturally born in ketosis and they stay in ketosis for at least the first month of life I've seen some data showing that kids remain in a low level of ketosis till about age eight it's not as high as in infancy though you see it peak around day two after birth by the way another is that high blood sugar is risky and of course since a lot of my work is in gestational diabetes this is something that I know a lot about we see a number of different birth defects more common in women who have high blood sugar even if their blood sugar is below the diagnostic threshold for gestational diabetes which is really important because like 50% of adults in the US have diabetes or prediabetes mostly undiagnosed and most of the GED that I would see was actually undiagnosed pre-diabetes you also see as you get to higher blood sugar levels different risk for different malformations you see one of the big ones I like to point out is the enlarged pancreas issue so as babies grow at a certain point in gestation in their body their pancreas starts producing insulin so if they're getting an input of high maternal blood sugar their pancreas grows larger produces more insulin and then become more insulin resistance and this is something that seems to follow them around for the rest of their life at really high blood sugar levels we're talking undiagnosed diabetes or really poorly managed type 1 or type 2 diabetes you see a higher risk of fetal loss or stillbirth again as you look towards what's normal in pregnancy you see blood sugar levels tend to trend about 20 percent lower than baseline so if you've seen you know outside of pregnancy the cutoff for hypoglycemia is less than 70 and conventional diabetes in pregnancy they actually lower that by 10 points the Happo study is something that was like a monumental study and that just additional diabetes world it's the hyperglycemia and adverse pregnancy outcomes study over 25,000 women in nine different countries and they tracked blood sugar splitted up by different categories of severity and tracked specific outcomes so you can see we have birth weight greater than the 90th percentile or macrosomia big baby primary c-section neonatal hypoglycemia which happens in these babies who have been exposed to high blood sugar because once you cut the cord you cut off that sugar supply their blood sugar tanks but their insulin production is primed for continuous and high blood sugar exposure you also see they measured cord blood c-peptide that's a measurement of fetal insulin production so you can see across all categories the risk of elevated blood sugar is continuous and you see the lowest risks of adverse outcomes in people in category one who had fasting blood sugar less than 75 and one our blood sugar likely the peak blood sugar less than 105 and that would be milligrams per deciliter for anybody who's from outside of the US so the big issue here is fetal programming or epigenetics how is this affecting the children's metabolism for the rest of their life high blood sugar impairs leptin regulation methylation that explains the higher risk of birth defects it Prime's them for high insulin production and having an enlarged and dysfunctional pancreas essentially and you can track these outcomes all the way into the teens and early 20s women eating a high glycemic index diet and pregnancy or have children who are at higher risk of metabolic syndrome at age 20 so the problem with high carb and this is kind of review for everybody here because you're already in the low carb space is that higher blood sugar is priming higher insulin levels and higher fat storage so you have babies who are born larger with a higher percent body fat and then they continue that trend throughout the rest of life sugar especially and the high glycemic carbohydrates are the worst ones and this is a risk for childhood obesity independent of a diagnosis of gestational diabetes and independent of maternal BMI and I feel like a lot of research tries to blame it on those two diagnoses as if they're you know the only times that you might need to worry about blood sugar but this shows that even in women who don't necessarily have start their pregnancies at a higher weight gain an excessive amount of weight or have high blood sugar as diagnosed by glucose tolerance test they still run into these issues that their children this is important because right now two-thirds of women of reproductive age are overweight or obese we have more women starting their pregnancy metabolically unhealthy gestational diabetes is by far the most common pregnancy complication affecting up to eighteen percent of pregnant women and I realized I didn't define gestational diabetes but there's two ways to define it which is either high blood sugar that first develops or is first recognized during pregnancy and it can also be defined as carbohydrate intolerance which i think is the most telling definition you can't tolerate large amounts of carbohydrates without having high blood sugar so why are we giving them a high carb diet we know that for the risk of macrosomia or having a large baby with a high percent body fat excess weight and excess blood sugar are by far the most common causes we also have a lot of data as I mentioned on just the glycemic index of the diet being an issue and we really need to put a stop to this crazy growing rate of childhood obesity and diabetes we should not be diagnosing toddlers with type-2 diabetes it's really it's not their fault it's what they were exposed to throughout gestation and maybe even generations prior to that so should we be eating so many carbohydrates I really like to take an ancestral approach to nutrition it seems we can learn a lot from other cultures especially from hundreds years and beyond but this study was from modern living hunter-gatherers across the globe and they estimated the average calories coming from carbohydrates across all of them and the average was 16 to 22 percent of carbs so quartered a half of what our conventional recommendations are and you'll see as you go closer to the equator you're gonna eat more carbs you have you know tropical fruit you have more things that are available to grow as you go closer to the poles and the climate is more extreme and the growing season is a lot shorter you have lower carbon here carbohydrate intake and this just makes sense also ancestral foods are less carbohydrate dense meaning there's fewer carbohydrates and then compared to other micronutrients or fiber they also tend to be a lot smaller so you can see wild blueberries compared to conventional blueberries that have been hybridized over the years to be bigger and sweeter to put into perspective I know people sometimes want to argue about like should you measure a percent of calories from carbohydrates or just look at grams of carbohydrates per day I tend to like grams of carbohydrates per day so it's easier for people to put into context but if we look at an average prenatal diet of 2,400 to 2,600 calories you see the conventional recommendations are just crazy high carb upwards of 420 grams per day I don't know how anybody can maintain normal glucose tolerance with an intake that high hunter-gatherer intake on the other hand you're looking at like in the 90s to less than 150 per day and then as you get to extreme latitudes you're looking at even less you also have to consider the quality of carbohydrates that you're consuming and the micronutrients that might be in them we see from multiple studies that the more high glycemic carbohydrates one consumes so these are the ones that spike blood sugar really rapidly like a bagel anything made from white flour refined grains sugar we see that's correlated with in attic put micronutrient intake and this just makes sense the more white bread you eat the less meat and eggs and spinach and blueberries you're eating we also see that diets high in grains just as a whole are linked to excess excess birth weight we also see better blood sugar control so a lot of these studies on pregnancy specifically look at a low glycemic diet because it's considered unethical to test a low carbohydrate diet in pregnancy so we have to do the best with the data that we have but a low glycemic diet pretty much consistently shows benefits in this top study from diabetes care you see that a low glycemic diet can lower the chance that a woman with gestational diabetes requires insulin by 50% and this is the same about the same reduction in requiring insulin or medication that I saw in clinical practice as well they thought that I was some sort of miracle worker like I was like really good at counseling clients they just liked me more than the other dietician no it was just that I wasn't telling them that they had to eat tons and tons of carbs we also see that we might be able to avoid or mitigate some of the insulin resistance that you see in late pregnancy by just not pumping the body full of high glycemic carbohydrates and we may even be able to help avoid some diagnosis of gestational diabetes entirely you also just have healthier children so these two babies are macros omec babies born to women with gestational diabetes they often have a number of issues in addition to the high blood sugar or the rather neonatal hypoglycemia low blood sugar at birth the large size there can be lung development issues they often require a stay in the neonatal intensive care unit but we can actually probably help avoid some of this if we don't give so many high glycemic carbohydrates so is there an optimal carbohydrate intake in practice I see about 90 to 150 grams per day this is total carbs some people in this room will think that's super high meanwhile the conventional dietitians think that I'm crazy for me the priority is meeting micronutrient needs and also looking at blood sugar regulation and it's actually really rare for me to come across somebody who needs far less than 90 grams of total carbs per day moreover as you keep going lower in that it tends to unless the woman's eating like mass amounts of leafy greens you tend to end up with inadequate micronutrients so I err on this side but I think it can be customized lower or higher depending on the woman as long as you're paying attention to your micronutrients I also emphasize low glycemic carbs and as I said personalized to the client I'm gonna go through this quick I only have a few more some people assume that I am recommending no carbohydrates because I say low-carb you'll probably still eat carbohydrates if you're eating you know leafy greens berries nuts and seeds even you know full fat Greek yogurt you're still getting carbs most people just aren't adding up everything that's in their diet the main goal here is just to eliminate refined grains cut way back on sugar and then as the person's tolerance is you know high carb foods in moderation if they have gestational diabetes definitely eat to the meter I'm gonna go through this pretty quickly but a lot of the foods that provide the necessary micronutrients for pregnancy are naturally low-carb it's probably not by accident this just shows a you know conventional Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics sample meal plan versus one of mine on one of these you just be starving and hangry all day and one of them you'd be satisfied and getting a lot more nutrient-dense foods the questions for me that remain are is there an optimal blood ketone level during pregnancy this is so under studied it is very disappointing we don't have evidence that they should be women should be striving for high ketone levels during pregnancy so I think that's important to point out but we do have a lot of evidence that the body physiologically manages the levels of ketones by excreting acts amounts in the urine and keeping blood ketone levels at a pretty safe range but I am I'm not comfortable saying people should take exogenous ketones in pregnancy or that they should go to really extreme levels of carbohydrate restriction for the purpose of raising ketone levels also we have to wonder about the first trimester anyone here who's been pregnant before you know that most of the time you're not able to tolerate all of your favorite foods in the first trimester and you eat more carbohydrates naturally especially if nausea and vomiting or food aversions are going on you also see a higher insulin sensitivity frequent hypoglycemia it seems like it's maybe permissible to have more you also see the thyroid changed significantly early in the first trimester ramping up hormone production by over 50% so this all points to me that it's okay to have more carbs at least in the first trimester so to sum up nutrient dense real food prenatal diet reduces risks for moms and babies carb needs will vary but they are almost certainly lower than our conventional recommendations emphasize the most nutrient dense carbohydrates possible and stop worrying about low level ketosis it's a natural phenomenon you can learn more about me here and this was my firstborn and I was low carb for most of it and he's exceeded all his milestones so all the nonsense about brain development being messed up certainly was not my own of one experience thank you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @frogzila123 [57 likes]: I did a low carb pregnancy last year (<80g total carb/day) following Lily's book. I was diagnosed with GD at 12 week and didnt want to take any medication. I finished the pregnancy completely diet-controlled. Baby was born healthy and she's a perfectly happy/healthy little toddler today. Postpartum recovery was also very quick because I didn't gain much weight. Highly recommend checking out her book!
  2. @ChildofGodE1996 [31 likes]: The whole ketosis being dangerous in pregnancy argument is ridiculous. I was in serious starvation Ketosis for the first 3-4months of all 4 of my pregnancies due to Hyperemesis Gravidarum. I had 4+ ketones in my urine every single time. All of my children are extremely intelligent and well developed.
  3. @thejones1242 [17 likes]: I got pregnant while doing keto. Blood sugars were perfect. Because I had previous history of diabetes my dr sent me to a diabetes clinic. They told me I had to eat more carbs and when I told them I didn’t want to they got upset. So being dumb I gave into their demands. My blood sugar kept increasing as they pushed more and more carbs. Then they started insulin and if I had too much they’d counteract with more carbs. Eventually they maxed me out on insulin but continued to push carbs. I begged them and told them that if I ate less carbs I’d need less insulin. They wouldn’t listen. My blood pressure became out of control. It was a very hard pregnancy and birth. My son had issues when born because of how high my sugars were even in insulin.I am now pregnant again and doing keto. I will not let the clinic push carbs this time. I know what’s best for my body and it can not handle loads of carbs and be healthy.
  4. @MG-dr5mf [7 likes]: I’m in the first trimester and feel so pudgy. Looking forward to entering more into ketosis as my pregnancy progresses.
  5. @mcmag888 [4 likes]: Low carb is the best way to avoid miscarriage due to PCOS, and other blood sugar / hormone related issues.
  6. @minttuh6896 [3 likes]: I had GD in first pregnancy and their doet guode didn't help. Now pregnant again and tried 75g carbs a day but didn't eat clean keto and my levels were still bad. Now i'm doing 50g carbs a day, eating 3x a day and only clean keto meals. My fasting blood sugars are finally perfect! So excited i could fix this issue!
  7. @AJH-ke4lj [2 likes]: How am I just now discovering Lily Nichols? You are great, Mrs Nichols. I found you through Doctor Ken Berry. In his Monday night live streams his wife Neisha shows up, and in one of her own videos while she was pregnant she mentioned that you are friends with her. So I searched Lily Nichols and found you. 
This message about gestational diabetes (GD) is so important. It affects women carrying babies and impacts the baby for the rest of their life. Every woman needs to know this. My neighbor's daughter had gestational diabetes. After the baby was born, she continued to have problems. Because nobody told her the truth. She was being influenced towards a plant based diet, refusing to eat meat. Thank heaven her husband became carnivore, got a lot healthier, and now she is following his example and getting much better.
  8. @eddiegarciajr6653 [2 likes]: This is insane.. they definitely want us sick and dependent on insulin. What times we’re living in.
  9. @FleeingEgypt [2 likes]: Is there any way to repair your child’s metabolism if you had high blood sugar during pregnancy?
  10. @agirlisnoone5953 [1 likes]: Just got out of the doctor's - Maternal Fetal Medicine. The super awesome doc says "you can't carb restrict, you must eat brown carbs. You can still have Doritos. If your body can't handle it, it's not your fault, it's HPL's fault. Metformin only works short term so basically you'll have to do insulin at some point" 

Um. No. I don't carb restrict as in I still eat a few carbs here and there. But I'm not going to do 175 carbs/day. No. That spikes my glucose levels way too much. I will not take insulin.
  11. @faithbasedliving9391 [1 likes]: I haven’t stuck to a keto diet while pregnant but I’ve suffered with  hyperemesis gravidarum with each pregnancy. I’m currently pregnant and the only thing that helped me was eating grilled meat. No seed oils, no dressing. I was finally able to keep food down which never happened to me in any pregnancy. Towards the last few weeks of pregnancy it always goes away. Because of that I got off keto and I feel like trash. I’m tired, exhausted, I’m getting headaches and having trouble sleeping. I’m trying to restart but now I’m going through keto and having intense cravings.
  12. @notinavacuum5966 [1 likes]: Can anyone share their experience with Erythritol while pregnant (and with gestational diabetes). Recent studies show a correlation between Erythritol and cardiac and stroke events, but some have poked holes in the conclusions. I’d love to hear opinions, as it would be much easier to do low carb if I could also use Erythritol (which many of the best products contain).
  13. @annaprasannanflutist [1 likes]: I am 12 weeks pregnant with baby no 2. 1st pregnancy I had gestational diabeties. Doctor wants me to take a glucose tolerance test at 16 weeks and 28 weeks. I am extremely concerned about getting a false positive.. is this likely given that I usually eat under 50 grams of carbs / day?.. my HBA1C has been very good in the first trimester. I wanted to not do the glucose tolerance test and just monitor my blood sugars with a home testing kit.. but doctor says I have to take the glucose tolerance test and it is too risky not too.. what do you reccommend ?
  14. @cimmerianmuse13: I'm consuming about 30-50 carbs a day (I was eating MAYBE 10 before pregnancy). My obstetrician told me I need to have at least 20-30+ per MEAL or I was literally starving my baby. I've been eating carnivore (carbs from kefir) for over a year and a half before pregnancy. I don't understand how I can create my own glucose but apparently my child is starving in utero.
  15. @noneofyourbeezwax7284: Love Lily Nichol’s books
  16. @melanieelgo: Hello I’m currently pregnant and eating keto healthy way of eating. Will I fail the glucose test tomorrow for I take it? Thank you
  17. @floraaay7066: ChatGPT recommends me to eat 358 grams of carbs daily ! That’s crazy ! 

BTW, I used to workout intensely for 2-3 days and eat minimal carbs to achieve ketone presence in urine testing strips, now I’m pregnant & can easily reach the same result literally overnight, while not even counting carbs.
  18. @POSHPORK: This is such a fantastic and badly need talk.
  19. @mybestlifefortherestofmyli7137: People are clueless how to eat. This is sad. Keto is not the answer.
  20. @Tom-ms5ot: Greetings from Czech 😙

- Weight Loss Made Easy! | High Protein | Low Calorie | Low Carb: Kind: captions Language: en if you struggle with staying on track because you&nbsp; get hungry and you don't have things prepped and&nbsp;&nbsp; then you're like let's just go get something&nbsp; to eat this is going to save you I'm telling [Music] you hey guys welcome back to my channel&nbsp; I'm Mayra from low carb love now most of you know&nbsp;&nbsp; that I've lost over 100 lb so today I wanted to&nbsp; show you how I meal prep so I'm going to meal prep&nbsp;&nbsp; for my week and I figured I would just share it&nbsp; with you because this really helps me throughout&nbsp;&nbsp; the week makes my life so much easier it helps&nbsp; keep me on track and I have nutritious meals that&nbsp;&nbsp; I could literally just grab retread into my fridge&nbsp; or freezer and then dinner is served within 20&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes so I feel like a lot of us during the week&nbsp; we feel like it's hard to make healthy meals so we&nbsp;&nbsp; go out get some takeout get some fast food when in&nbsp; reality it is so much easier and it can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; save you a lot more money than you think so so&nbsp; trust me I am one that sometimes after a long day&nbsp;&nbsp; I get super super tired and I'll go grab something&nbsp; next thing you know I've spent $70 on a meal that&nbsp;&nbsp; I could have cooked at home for like 15 bucks so&nbsp; this is great whether you live at home alone and&nbsp;&nbsp; you're meal prepping or if you have a family and&nbsp; you're just trying to make meals quick that are&nbsp;&nbsp; easy and delicious okay so I'm going to start off&nbsp; with the salmon salmon um whenever I meal prepping&nbsp;&nbsp; and I have some type of fish that in my head is&nbsp; what I'm going to cook either that day or the very&nbsp;&nbsp; next day because I feel like seafood is just a&nbsp; little bit more sensitive when it comes to timing&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so unless you're going to toss this into&nbsp; the freezer um your fish should always be like&nbsp;&nbsp; what you're cooking the very next day so for this&nbsp; recipe here I'm making a teriyaki salmon you can&nbsp;&nbsp; cook this in the oven you can cook it stove top or&nbsp; you could even toss it in the air fryer the best&nbsp;&nbsp; thing of it all is when you're prepping it you're&nbsp; making all of them together so the only time that&nbsp;&nbsp; you're spending cooking technically or prepping&nbsp; for the whole week is on Sunday or whenever you&nbsp;&nbsp; decide that you are prepping for your meals okay&nbsp; so first things first toss in your salmon so I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; just going to toss that right into our bag I'm&nbsp; doing a bag so that you can see everything that&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm you know basically everything that I'm putting&nbsp; into it but you can use glass containers you can&nbsp;&nbsp; use whatever basically whatever you have on hand&nbsp; then we have asparagus okay now asparagus you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to make sure you cut off about 2 to 3 in&nbsp; from the ends cuz that part we do not need that&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we have some green beans okay so we want&nbsp; those greens now for this I really love adding&nbsp;&nbsp; veggies cuz I feel like it just not only doesn't&nbsp; add fiber but it also adds bulk to the meal and&nbsp;&nbsp; it just turns out perfect because imagine pairing&nbsp; this you can pair it with a little salad you can&nbsp;&nbsp; pair it with a little rice you can pair it with&nbsp; a little CLI rice it all works out okay and now&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to do garlic so this is fresh garlic&nbsp; okay now can you use um powdered garlic absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; will it taste the same not quite will it still be&nbsp; delicious yes now for the sauce I'm using a Paleo&nbsp;&nbsp; so this is a Paleo keto teriyaki sauce this one um&nbsp; just grabbed it on Thrive super simple low carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; this only has five carbs and um only four g of&nbsp; sugar so typically teriyaki sauce is loaded with&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar okay so we're going to add that straight&nbsp; onto our salmon and onto our veggies just added&nbsp;&nbsp; right in there this is going to marinate your&nbsp; salmon so you could if you're not into salmon&nbsp;&nbsp; you could definitely do a teriyaki chicken okay&nbsp; I'm going to add in a little bit of Ginger so of&nbsp;&nbsp; course if you have fresh ginger ginger um fresh&nbsp; ginger is amazing I feel like it also has a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of healing properties and it just it just gives&nbsp; it that little bite that you're looking for but&nbsp;&nbsp; powder ginger is just as good so if that's all&nbsp; you have then use it a little salt and pepper now&nbsp;&nbsp; this teryi sauce because it is low sugar it is not&nbsp; super duper sweet so I like to add a little bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; sweetness so I'm adding just a little bit of honey&nbsp; and this is a sugar-free honey so you can add in&nbsp;&nbsp; like a little sweetener you can add in a little&nbsp; bit of whichever sweetener you typically use you&nbsp;&nbsp; can add for this I just kind of zip it up and make&nbsp; sure that everything gets coated in that sauce&nbsp;&nbsp; okay but this is is a great way to make teriyaki&nbsp; chicken teriyaki beef teriyaki salmon so I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you right now how I make my Greek uh&nbsp; it's like a Greek lemon chicken it's absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; delicious you're going to love it any one of&nbsp; these These are kind of on repeat so any one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these that you try you're going to absolutely&nbsp; love the next one I just love it on a salad so let&nbsp;&nbsp; me go ahead and put this aside and um show you the&nbsp; chicken so before we move on to our next freezer&nbsp;&nbsp; meal prep I wanted to show you my order from&nbsp; Thrive if you've been following me for a while&nbsp;&nbsp; you know I love Thrive I've been ordering for them&nbsp; for over 3 years get all my specialty ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of the ingredients that are kind of hard&nbsp; to get here and there Thrive will always have&nbsp;&nbsp; them they actually have something for everyone&nbsp; like whether you're keto you're vegan your paleo&nbsp;&nbsp; they're a great place to find those ingredients&nbsp; like I am glutenfree I like to order a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; gluten-free stuff keto stuff things that are just&nbsp; really clean that don't have those preservatives&nbsp;&nbsp; and ingredients that we just don't you know I&nbsp; just don't want to be putting that into my body I&nbsp;&nbsp; always find them on thrive um Thrive is an online&nbsp; membership market so you get everything online&nbsp;&nbsp; it's super convenient they're delivered straight&nbsp; to my door you're guaranteed a savings right now&nbsp;&nbsp; Thrive is offering 30% off your first order plus a&nbsp; free gift up to $60 so it just makes life so much&nbsp;&nbsp; easier and a lot of times um I have to go shopping&nbsp; to different stores to find certain ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; and Thrive just makes it so much easier really&nbsp; really does okay so this is my Greek lemon chicken&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so this right here think of putting it over&nbsp; a salad with a lot of veggies like cucumber and&nbsp;&nbsp; tomato and like Feta like this chicken right here&nbsp; is it I'm telling you so this is just chicken&nbsp;&nbsp; breast just diced it you know you're just going to&nbsp; dice it to your liking I don't like them too big&nbsp;&nbsp; or too small okay so we have our poito right in&nbsp; the bag then we have our garlic again some fresh&nbsp;&nbsp; garlic okay you're making Greek food usually&nbsp; you're going to add in the those fresh herbs um&nbsp;&nbsp; we are going to do a little bit of salt and pepper&nbsp; okay we are going to use some oregano okay so make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure you get a good amount in there Greek food has&nbsp; a lot of oregano this is just optional I just feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like when you add the zest it adds so much more&nbsp; lemon flavor versus just like the acidic flavor&nbsp;&nbsp; of the lemon juice so just going to do a little we&nbsp; have our zest and now I'm just going to squeeze in&nbsp;&nbsp; about half a lemon because this one's really juicy&nbsp; so we're going to add in a little Deon mustard&nbsp;&nbsp; so the Deon mustard and then I'm just going to&nbsp; finish it off with a little avocado oil and for&nbsp;&nbsp; this one you do want to go in there and you want&nbsp; to make sure you get a good amount so this here is&nbsp;&nbsp; our Greek lemony chicken um once we're done I'm&nbsp; going to I always right what it is and then the&nbsp;&nbsp; date in case I'm freezing it I will know what&nbsp; it is because once things get into the freezer&nbsp;&nbsp; it's always so hard to tell what it is so the only&nbsp; thing I will say is if you're doing it with fish&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure that the fish you are cooking it the the&nbsp; next day just to be safe you know and the last one&nbsp;&nbsp; is our beef stir fry okay now beef is one of my&nbsp; favorite proteins I just love it because it keeps&nbsp;&nbsp; me really nice and full the seasoning will be all&nbsp; up to you you I'm just showing you how easy it is&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a beef stir fry U meal prep so start off&nbsp; with our steak okay now at this point you can just&nbsp;&nbsp; use your favorite steak of choice we're going&nbsp; to add in some avocado oil so that everything&nbsp;&nbsp; will just stick like in terms of seasoning okay&nbsp; so avocado oil I'm using a little Cajun this is&nbsp;&nbsp; like a little smoky Cajun it's a spice blend I&nbsp; love using Blends because they're already they&nbsp;&nbsp; have all that flavor like this one has a little&nbsp; bit of it has onion garlic paprika it has mustard&nbsp;&nbsp; it has smoke flavor so it has like a little bit&nbsp; of everything already in it I'm just going to&nbsp;&nbsp; go ahead and probably do about a tablespoon for&nbsp; me stir fry I feel like you always have to have&nbsp;&nbsp; onion I personally love red onion so onion is a&nbsp; must in my personal humble opinion bell peppers&nbsp;&nbsp; um the red bell peppers I think it looks pretty&nbsp; and I don't know if you knew this but the red bell&nbsp;&nbsp; pepper actually has the most vitamins out of all&nbsp; the peppers so and then we have some jalapenos but&nbsp;&nbsp; as you can see here I took out the seeds and most&nbsp; of the veins most people think that the heat is&nbsp;&nbsp; in the seeds but actually the heat from jalapenos&nbsp; is in the veins so if you if you like the taste&nbsp;&nbsp; of jalapenos but you don't like the heat so much&nbsp; make sure you remove the vein okay and then we&nbsp;&nbsp; have some asparagus look at that okay good amount&nbsp; of asparagus I feel like with stir fries it's&nbsp;&nbsp; always great to just have veggies and onions and&nbsp; peppers it just makes it all that better and then&nbsp;&nbsp; um because this is like a smokey this is a smoky&nbsp; Cajun I'm going to add a little bit of sweetness&nbsp;&nbsp; just to kind of balance it all out and again this&nbsp; is just a sugar-free honey and that's it make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; you kind of toss it all but I absolutely love&nbsp; it like look at this this is so I mean it you&nbsp;&nbsp; it just screams out nutritious high protein you're&nbsp; on track like I feel like when I see these in my&nbsp;&nbsp; fridge one it makes me want to cook because I&nbsp; already know it's effortless I'm just going to&nbsp;&nbsp; grab it and cook it but two I just it makes me&nbsp; feel good about what I'm putting into my body&nbsp;&nbsp; so if you struggle with staying on track because&nbsp; you get hungry and you don't have things prepped&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you're like let's just go get something&nbsp; to eat this is going to save you I'm telling you&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you're trying to stay on track or you're&nbsp; trying to eat low car but your family's not then&nbsp;&nbsp; you can make a Potter rice for them and make some&nbsp; collie rice for you or make like a salad for you&nbsp;&nbsp; and then just have a small amount of whatever it&nbsp; is that the family is having I feel like at the&nbsp;&nbsp; end of the day those are things that you can do&nbsp; to not only help you stay on track but also make&nbsp;&nbsp; it sustainable because I feel like a lot of people&nbsp; when they're trying to lose weight they do it in&nbsp;&nbsp; a way that is so restrictive and in a way that is&nbsp; just not sustainable and then they end up falling&nbsp;&nbsp; off the wagon imagine having these in your fridge&nbsp; they're right there waiting for you for let's say&nbsp;&nbsp; Monday Tuesday Wednesday always beef I leave it&nbsp; for later in the week because I know that beef&nbsp;&nbsp; what's the word I know that it could last a little&nbsp; longer in the fridge so um I used fish first then&nbsp;&nbsp; chicken then beef and it's great even if you do&nbsp; these three Monday Tuesday Wednesday and then on&nbsp;&nbsp; Wednesday you can prep for you know prep another 2&nbsp; three days all right so there you have it a little&nbsp;&nbsp; fish chicken and beef meal prep this honestly just&nbsp; makes life so much easier I cannot wait to hear&nbsp;&nbsp; what you think if you make these please come back&nbsp; and let me know this is just a great hack makes&nbsp;&nbsp; life easier and helps keep you on track so if you&nbsp; like this video make sure you hit that like button&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to hit that little bell notification&nbsp; so that you're reminded every time I post a video&nbsp;&nbsp; just like this and if you have friends and family&nbsp; that are trying to lose weight that are trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; eat healthier share this video share my Channel&nbsp; with them you never know it might be really really&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful but thank you so much for being here&nbsp; I love you and I'll see you on my next video m

  Top Comments:
  1. @LowCarbLove [38 likes]: Do you meal prep? ❤
  2. @No_More_Extra_Pounds [6 likes]: Such a time-saver! I'm definitely going to try these meal prep bags to stay on track with my weight loss goals this week.  Thanks for the inspiration!
  3. @ree-reeshree9885: How has everyone cooked these? Also love that you can use some the same ingredients for each meal so you are not wasting .
  4. @ToWanDa008: Definitely will be trying the beef stir fry!
  5. @stephanie-gwen: Mayra!

You are a godsend! ❤ New sub - loving your recipes, even my kids love them! Thank you for making low carb life so much easier.. i’m not naturally a great cook and your recipes are helping me on my keto journey… You’re the best!
  6. @Velia_Luz: Tried them all ! They’re so good ! Thanks Mayra
  7. @Enoirtad: Are they like one serving preps?
  8. @rebeccacory6569: I've never seen sugarfree honey. Real honey doesn't have added sugar.
  9. @sylviawilliams4712: More of these low carb meal prep
  10. @sylviawilliams4712: I'm a working and would love to have these meal prep
  11. @meba-zg5ix: Where should we put them in freezer or
  12. @saramonson990: Love your channel ❤️❤️❤️
  13. @priscillapulido8722: Thank u so much I truly needed this and love how informative you are about how to prep and what meats to use first
  14. @ColleenBuford: You spoke to me from the very first minute!  That is me... if I prep my eating stays clean and on track, if I don't prep it goes sideways real fast! LOL!  Thank you for the ideas!
  15. @patriciafitchett7290: How many people will one freezer meal feed?
  16. @杜書瑋-z2e: Do you put in freezer if you’re not using the bag immediately?
  17. @dinusit441: The fact that nobody talks about the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, speaks volumes about how people are stuck in a trance
  18. @Mr.Kingen: dont use plastic bags, microplastics are harmful
  19. @letycantero: What veggies do you use with the chicken? I might have missed it, but I didn’t hear what you pair it with and there were no veggies on the bag.
  20. @GoldenNinja777: wish I lived in America to get these food delivery deals like this one and hello fresh or w.e it's called.
must be nice , especially for meal prep for work like what i have to do

- This Is What a Diabetes-Friendly Diet Looks Like | Diabetes Meal Plan for Beginners | Prep School: Kind: captions Language: en being diagnosed with diabetes can bring on a whole roller coaster of emotions but one thing you don't have to worry about is what to eat we have you covered meal planning and meal prep can go a long way to make healthy eating easier during the busy week and the meal prep muffin tin egg recipe we're going to make today is one of my favorites to make these muffin to omelets are so great because you can make a batch at the beginning of the week grab them from the fridge for breakfast or snacks and they're so delicious so to start we need to whisk some eggs together and we're going to use eight eggs here so eggs as we all know are a great protein Source protein is really important for everyone especially for people with diabetes because protein digests slowly which means our blood sugars will stay more stable after a meal so a single egg delivers six grams of protein per serving and you're wanting to get a few servings of protein on each meal to give you that nice satisfaction that you want at the end of a meal any scrambled egg you need a little milk in here so we're just going to use a quarter teaspoon of salt here so people with diabetes need to be aware of how much salt they're eating in addition to saturated fat those two nutrients are important because they matter to our heart and people with diabetes are at a higher risk for heart related complications and then a quarter teaspoon of pepper and we can start whisking away all right so sometimes we're going to add some nice fresh flavor and we need about quarter of a cup if you don't like chives if you don't have chives you can add some cilantro or scallions or even dried herbs and spices which are nice and convenient Pantry Staples push the chives out of the way here make room for a muffin cup we're going to spray these with a little non-stick cooking spray so they release easily and if you haven't already preheat your oven to 325. okay so here's the trick rather than adding all of your mix-ins into your eggs and then trying to pour it all out evenly a better way of doing this is just to divide your ingredients evenly throughout the muffin cups and this is also a stage where you could do three of one flavor three of another half and half really whatever your heart desires I'm going to start with some broccoli we're just going to evenly distribute this throughout our muffin tin next up ham so ham we know it has some lovely saltiness to it we're just going to use a little bit a little bit goes a long way to add so much flavor this ham also helps to add some protein as well so you're going to get a really nice satisfying breakfast out of this now we move on to our cheese which also adds a little bit of saltiness so we really tested this recipe many times so that we had just the right amount of saltiness without being too much for people with diabetes so this is where the measuring cup comes in handy because you can pour directly out of here so we're just going to evenly distribute this egg mixture throughout don't fill it to the very very top because these eggs really do fluff up and expand once in the oven okay last step here is adding some chives on top for some color and flavor all set to go into the oven 325 degrees Fahrenheit for about 20 to 25 minutes oh here we are 20 minutes in the oven and they are ready we're gonna wait for these egg muffins to cool off a little bit and then you can either pop them in one big meal prep container to go in the fridge or portion them out separately so really all you have to do in the morning is grab your bag and go now this is what a healthy day of eating for a diabetes friendly diet looks like we have our meal prepped muffin tin eggs and a whole day of delicious eats I'm gonna dish out breakfast all it needs to do is be heated up and then enjoyed so for breakfast we have these delicious muffin tin eggs one serving is two muffins and then pairing this with a piece of fruit like a high fiber pear or apple is a great way to add some more sustainability to your meal so this meal plan is set to 1500 calories so for your morning snack you have a nice large handful of almonds almonds are high in heart healthy fat fat is what is satisfying and sustaining so that's going to help carry you through to lunch here we have spinach strawberries or whatever fruit you'd like chicken feta and some walnuts a nice balanced meal paired with a Herby balsamic dressing it's really delicious and all your co-workers will be jealous for your afternoon snack grab something easy like an apple now for dinner we have a delicious stuffed baked potato I love baked potatoes you can add whatever toppings you want here we have some pico de gallo some avocado some fresh cilantro so registered dietitians build all of our meal plans and when we were building this meal plan we made sure that each meal and snack were balanced for carbs if you're a newly diagnosed with diabetes your doctor or dietitian might suggest eating a certain amount of carbs at each meal and snack and we already did that work for you in this meal plan each meal comes in between 45 and 60 grams of carbs per serving and each snack comes in between 15 and 30 grams of carbs per serving but you can adapt that to whatever you need so to reheat your egg muffins pop them in the microwave for about 30 seconds and they'll come out nice and steamy I'm ready to dig in broccoli the cheese the ham it's a delicious combo I love these so much they're so good so simple so easy to make and delicious all they need is 20 minutes in the oven and then you have a whole week's worth of breakfast ready to go thanks so much for watching happy cooking and I'll see you next time on Prep School

  Top Comments:
  1. @eatingwell [28 likes]: Get the recipe and entire meal plan here: https://www.eatingwell.com/article/7886108/diabetes-meal-plan-for-beginners/
  2. @elcairo11 [1 likes]: I’m was just diagnosed as a pre diabetic, love your channel and thank you for the great and healthy meals, you have a new subscriber, from Savannah Georgia, manny 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
  3. @bellabluejungle: Apple is to much sugar for me and so is a baked potato.. Close. So many people still have miss guided info. on  glucose intolerance or insulin resistance. Even  many Doctors are out of the loop.
  4. @NouriaFit: Most foods 🎉are allowed within reasonable portions 😊 for any ailment . 😢 it’s also the burning 🔥 of these extra calories into energy with exercise 🚶‍♀️ which matters equally.  Your list of foods is basic and practical. 🍀
  5. @REK8088: Ok, I mage egg bites all the time.  Mine never look like that.  In the oven they expand like a regular muffin than shrink down when done.  How did yours maintain the exact shape as when poured?
  6. @heathermotta8544: Looks really good! Thanks
  7. @SugarAwareness: wooooooo
  8. @bethlynfaciane2081: Enjoyed the video. I gave up all the “ white Stuff” potatoes would have me soaring with a high BS. So I never eat them, rice or pasta.
  9. @sameerroshan9542: Can you show vegetarian recipes?
  10. @patriciamartinez5508: I'm a type 2 diabetic I'm so glad that I came across your video! Looks Yummy 😋 I'm getting hungry or hangry
  11. @2Aboots: A baked potato for dinner…WTF! 🤦‍♀️ Remember, most of these dietitians simply opt to modify the SAD, hence such ignorance to include a baked potato…particularly in the evening. Just imagine your am glucose #’s! 🤡
  12. @cathygeorge212: Can’t stand eggs!
  13. @AcornHillHomestead: Good job.  I am wanting to prep some meals for a diabetic elderly neighbor who just came back from a hospital stay. The eggs are awesome. The potato for the next meal is a bit concerning to me. I would skip that. I am on a keto diet and the carbs in these meals are MUCH more than I can have but I normally have these ingredients on hand. The fruit seems also a bit much. I think the berries are good though.
  14. @yoshimi0503: So you are switching high cholesterol and heart disease for diabetes? This is ridiculous.
  15. @thefozzybear: I use no sugar almond milk instead.
  16. @waltercodbollocks3175: Your vocal fry makes this unwatchable. It sounds like you're constipated.
  17. @elizabethsmiley3860: Potato should not be on your list, ma’am
  18. @marlinegabriel7551: NO white potato for anyone much less a diabetic!!!!
  19. @Eatinghealthy101: Thanks
  20. @jpennturner: Potato .spikes myj sugar ,really high.

- Starting Low Carb? Eat This Today | Full Day of Eating: Kind: captions Language: en-US To follow a low carb diet, you must reduce the number of carbohydrate grams you eat in a day. That is an obvious statement, but what does that look like, and what can you eat? In this video, I share a full day of eating a low carb diet for those who are just getting started. [Intro Music] There are many things that cause confusion when you start a low carb diet. One of the main issues is how many grams of carbs to eat? There is low carb dieting, and there is keto dieting. The difference is the level of carbohydrates. While the cut-off points are not fully agreed upon, you can think of a low carb diet as a day of eating that does not contain more than 125 total grams of carbohydrates. To be in the keto range, you need to drop your carb grams to no more than 50 total carbs for the day. For this video, I am going to show you a daily diet that splits those values. These foods in front of me add up to 75 total grams of carbohydrates. One way to start your low carb day of eating is with a smoothie that contains low-sugar fruits with a good fiber-to-carb ratio. Avocado and strawberries fit those criteria. For instance, to make this smoothie, I placed half of an avocado and a half cup of frozen strawberries into a blender along with a cup of almond milk, a handful of spinach, and a tablespoon of almond butter. And, I will share the ingredients for each of these foods in the video. You can also get the recipes on my blog post that goes with this video. I will share a link to my blog below the video in the description area. This smoothie contains 23 grams of carbs, but almost 10 of those carbs are from fiber. That is a good fiber to carb ratio. That fiber is going to slow the absorption of the smoothie, keeping hunger away longer. The slow absorption will also prevent the blood sugar and insulin spike you get when you eat something refined for breakfast, like a muffin. When insulin is high, it prevents the release of fat from the fat cells. So, right from the start of the day, you have a convenient food that tastes good and keeps your blood sugar steady. As you are stepping into your low carb lifestyle, there is no better meal to include than a salad, and there are a couple of great reasons for that. For one, salad greens are low in carbs but provide a lot of hunger-satisfying volume. For instance, this salad has about four cups of greens but only six carbs, four of which are fiber. Also, a salad provides you with the perfect vehicle to bring healthy fats into your daily diet. One of the biggest mental hurdles you will face when you shift to low carb eating is allowing yourself to increase the amount of fat you eat. We were told for a year that eating fat makes you fat, and it is hard to get away from that mindset. However, adding healthy, high-quality fats to your diet helps your body transition away from a primarily carb-burning metabolism to a fat-burning metabolism. This salad is topped with many healthy fats including, the other half of the avocado from breakfast, a hard-boiled egg, feta cheese crumbles, walnuts, and a full-fat salad dressing made with avocado oil. That adds up to 36 grams of fat. The salad also contains a few slices of apple that provide a crunch and a bit of sweetness. The apple and greens contribute most of the 22 grams of carbohydrates and 9 of fiber in this lunchtime salad. For dinner, stir fry is a quick and easy choice for beginners, especially if you utilize frozen stir fry vegetables and a pre-cooked rotisserie chicken from the grocery store. To make this, I simply cooked a bag of frozen vegetables in a tablespoon of avocado oil, added the pre-cooked chicken and a quick homemade sauce. One thing that may surprise you when you start a low carb diet is that many sauces and condiments contain sugar and high-fructose corn syrup. Those simple carbs can sabotage your weight loss. Fortunately, you can often whip up a homemade, low-carb version. For instance, this stir fry sauce contains a quarter cup of chicken broth, 2 tablespoons of soy sauce, and 1 tablespoon of red wine vinegar. As you transition to a low carb lifestyle, yogurt is something that can be enjoyed as a dessert or snack. However, you need to choose yogurt carefully. The vast majority of single-serve yogurts in the dairy aisle of your grocery store are low in fat. When they removed the fat, they removed the flavor, which they replace with sugar or sweeteners. To support your low carb lifestyle, you will want to choose plain, full-fat yogurt and then add your own ingredients at home. Higher milk fat yogurt may only be available in larger containers, but they keep well in your refrigerator, even after opening. This yogurt dessert contains a quarter cup of frozen blueberries that I microwaved for 30 to 45 second and then pressed to extract the juices. I then added a half cup of yogurt, a half teaspoon of vanilla, and a pinch of pure Stevia. Now, This video is being made for YouTube, which is a broad audience. The meals in front of me add up to just over 1,200 calories, which will be low for some, but this works well for demonstration purposes because it is easier to add low-carb/high-fat items rather than subtract them. When we breakdown the macros for this day of eating, we see that it contains 75 total grams of carbohydrates, making up 25 percent of the daily calories with another 25 percent coming from protein and just over 50 percent of the day's calories coming from healthy fats. Many of you will find this macronutrient breakdown to be a comfortable starting place if you are coming from a high-carb lifestyle. It allows you to step into a low carb diet rather than dive into a very low carb/keto When you start this way, you may still experience some fatigue as your body adapts, but lessen many of the "keto-flu" symptoms that result from a more dramatic change. Now, I would like to draw your attention to a couple of things about this low carb menu in front of me. First of all, there are three small servings of fruit: blueberries, strawberries, and slices of apple. When you are just getting started on your low carb lifestyle, you may find that your body tolerates some fruit. However, everyone's tolerance for fruit is different, so you be happiest with your long-term results if you limit your fruit intake. I have many videos that discuss fruit on my channel if you would like to explore that topic further. You will also notice that there is no bread item like toast or a bagel. A slice of whole-wheat toast contains about 16 grams of carbohydrates. If you are looking to bring your carb intake below the upper threshold of 125 grams, you could technically include a piece of toast in your diet. However, bread is refined, so it will get absorbed into your bloodstream quickly, causing the blood sugar and insulin spikes that encourage fat storage. There ARE breads that are advertised as low-carb or no-carb. This is accomplished by manipulating the ingredients to reduced the net carb count. On paper, that seems ideal. However, these processed foods tend to be absorbed into the body quickly, and depending on what has been added, may cause an increase in blood sugar and insulin. When processed foods are utilized, counting net carbs rather than total carbs can easily become a trap that derail your weight loss. That is why I am sharing the total carb content for this low carb menu. You will also notice that this menu is made up of whole foods. There are some whole foods that are higher in carbs that can be worked into a beginner's low carb diet due to their high content of fiber and micronutrients. For instance, this salad does not contain beans. However, if you are just moving your diet into the low-carb range, you can make them work. Beans are whole, nutrient-dense foods, but they also contain a fair amount of carbohydrates. To give you an idea, a half cup of black beans contains about 22 grams of carbs and nine grams of fiber. If you account for those carbohydrates and you enjoy beans, you can work them into your overall daily diet. I hope you see from this video that a low-carb diet made up of whole foods is enjoyable and effective for weight loss. I provided a few examples here, but there are many more healthy low-carb foods to keep you feeling satisfied. I have a list of 100 low carb foods displayed on a single pdf that you can download and print for free from my website. I will provide links to the food list here on the video and below in the description area. Please subscribe to my channel and hit the bell icon to get notified when my new videos are released. Thanks for watching and enjoy the rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [31 likes]: Get Dr. Becky's List of 100 Low Carb Foods: https://drbeckyfitness.com/low-carb-food-list/
  2. @kaydub1981: I always feel hungry with veggies though .. I'm VERY much fat adapted and hate the idea of going back to veg and chicken only if it turns out my body hates the fats i have been taking in.
  3. @JerryMort-s9j1b: I am enjoying your videos - thank you! I am currently finishing day 3 of the 3 day quick start. (My highest carb day was 27g).  This is the first time I am not feeling overwhelmed and/or out of control. Looking forward, this video was very helpful in giving me a number of carbs to work with. I am wondering about sourdough bread, especially homemade sourdough. I am wanting to add 1 piece a day, simply because baking sourdough is my passion. I'm wondering if there is a better time to have a piece, breakfast, lunch, dinner? Am I totally off base wanting to do this?
  4. @jameelabellingport6369: Thank you
  5. @lisac9342: Dr. Becky- I'm 63, lost 35lbs. on low carb last year, I have 70 more to go but hit a block after a loss.  Went into a bit of a slump for a bit....... but your videos have really helped to rejuvenate me and also show meals I can make that are easy, enjoyable, and helpful ideas to get me back on track.  So hard to do at my age but I'm determined and I can't thank you enjoy for the inspiration and great video!! Thank you!
  6. @gloriaceresoli6409: What bread do you suggest???
  7. @GiTRR: Having the smoothie now for breakfast - 2025 Thank you Dr Becky
  8. @pattiisok2312: You know that putting fiber in a smoothie makes it non-fibrous! It becomes ineffective.
  9. @pattiisok2312: You know that putting fiber in a smoothie makes it non-fibrous! It becomes ineffective.
  10. @peaceful3250: We constantly hear that low fat yoghurt is tasteless and that's why sugar is added. I've been making yoghurt for years. I used to make skim milk yoghurt and changed to full fat when I started keto. The flavour was exactly the same. No difference at all. I never used anything but milk and yoghurt from a previous batch as a culture starter.
  11. @SuperNovember28: thank you I am loosing weight because of high blood pressure..I want to get off the meds and need to loose 25pounds
  12. @abedanafisa1646: Hey doc, good advisor and nicely stated
  13. @Ac35010: I’m allergic to nuts and avocado. Is there another smoothie recipe I can use?
  14. @EdwardinCanada: Very informative. Thanks for the video.
  15. @TammyLonger: Hi Becky but doesn’t full fat yogurt mean sugar? I eat Chobani zero sugar is this ok?
  16. @melaniemccallum5418: I have lost 22 kg following this diet. It works!  Simple as that!! 🎉
  17. @devyanisingh6507: Can we eat soybean bread Roti..?
  18. @trekuhl3966: I have found that eating whole fat dairy comes with saturated fat as well, which has increased my triglycerides.  How do I keep my triglycerides in check while continuing to consume whole milk dairy?
  19. @kashemnagor2992: So much  Love ❤ doctor.
  20. @Jody-kw6jf: Can you help me lose weight

- 5 Low Carb, High-Fat Foods to Eat Every Day: Kind: captions Language: en A low carb, high-fat diet keeps hunger away and moves your body into a fat burning state. In this video, I'm going to share five lowcarb, high-fat foods that you can easily add to your daily diet. Hi, I'm Dr. Becky from drbeckyfitness.com. I'm a college instructor of the science of nutrition. Let me start with the avocado. Um, avocados contain a lot of calories which can scare people off. Uh, for instance, this avocado weighs just over 200 gram, which means that it contains more than 300 calories, but most of those calories come from healthy monounsaturated fats. And those fats along with um the 13 or more grams of fiber in an avocado satisfy your hunger and they slow down your digestion, which makes it easier for you to consume fewer calories over the course of your day. Um, now I will say that you don't need to eat a whole avocado to reap the benefits. Um, add half of an avocado to a smoothie or uh put it as a salad topper and you'll not only get those healthy fats, you'll also get a healthy dose of vitamins and minerals that will support your metabolism and your overall health. Next, let's go to the much maligned egg. You know, as a society, we are still trying to recover from the years that we were taught that eggs are high in cholesterol and therefore bad for us. Uh while it is true that an egg contains a lot of cholesterol, the notion that eating cholesterol is a main cause of heart disease has been disputed. Um, even the US dietary guidelines that came out in 2015 changed their stance on cholesterol and now say that cholesterol is not considered a nutrient of concern for overconumption. And another study which was published in the same year shows that even people with metabolic issues can eat a high egg diet without consequences. The study shows that people with type 2 diabetes were able to eat 12 eggs a week with no significant change to their total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, or triglycerides compared to a group that ate just two eggs a week. So, the takeaway is that you can feel free to have at least an egg a day. When you do, you'll get a whole host of micronutrients, including choline, which uh will help with brain function. So, it combats things like brain fog and memory issues. Um, and an egg a day will also keep hunger away. Uh, and that's due to the great mix of proteins and fats that you get from eggs. Um, of course, they're also very versatile, right? So, you can fry them up for breakfast. You can make them into a kiche for dinner, which is something that we often do in in our home. Uh, and hard-boiled eggs make life on a low carb diet easy because they travel well. So, you can carry a hard-boiled egg with you to work for a quick high-fat, low carb afternoon snack. All right, so let's go to walnuts. Now, one of the things I like about walnuts is that they are naturally eaten raw. I recommend all nuts and seeds be eaten raw because when they're roasted, they're typically roasted in an unhealthy vegetable or soybean oil, which wipes out a lot of their benefits. And I'll talk a little bit more about that when I get into the next food. Uh but to stay focused on walnuts about you know 10 12 walnut halves which is about 28 grams of walnuts is all you need in your daily diet to get a tremendous dose of omega-3 fatty acids and a unique blend of antioxidants which are those substances that protect your cells from damage. Um, I will add here that all three of these foods I've talked about so far, avocados, eggs, and walnuts, are also um a great source of B vitamins. And B vitamins help your body convert foods that you eat into energy. So, they help you use calories more efficiently uh, and that sustains your energy throughout the day. Uh, as for how to eat walnuts, well, you can certainly grind them up and put them into recipes, but I find that they make an excellent addition to your salad because the fats in uh walnuts help you absorb the fat soluble vitamins from your salad vegetables. Um, and speaking of healthy fats in u salad, that moves me into my next food, which is full fat salad dressing. And I'm including this here because uh when you go on a diet, it is still one of those taboo items. We think salad and we think low fat dressing. However, putting a full fat dressing on your salad is not something you should be afraid of like walnuts. The fat in dressing helps your body absorb fats soluble vitamins um and also other micronutrients like carotenoids which are the antioxidants that we find in uh bright red uh vegetables and and orange and and uh yellow vegetables. Um so when your salad contains healthy fats, your body is able to pull more of the nutrients out of the salad. And I will tell you that if you have never learned how to make a salad that you truly love to eat, then I encourage you to experiment with adding healthy fats to your salad. Uh if you've been following me for a while, you know the one of my 0123 strategies stands for one large salad each day. Having a salad a day is a great way to jumpstart your healthy weight loss, but if you hate salad, you're not going to go very far. Um, add enough healthy fats to your salad and you will never look back. So, go grab a copy of my free 0123 strategy and then make a salad with avocado, hard-boiled egg, uh, walnuts, and a full fat dressing. Easy, enjoyable, effective, right? Okay. But, uh, there is one caveat I want to mention about full fat dressing, and that is that your dressing should contain a healthy fat. Read the ingredients label and avoid ones with vegetable oil and soybean oil. These are unstable fats and they break down during processing and they become toxic to your body. And uh let me let me save you some time here. It is very hard to find a salad dressing in your grocery store without those oils. I use Primal Kitchen salad dressing. You might be able to find this at your local grocery store. If not, you can find it on my Amazon affiliate shop and I will leave links in the description area below for you. This is made with avocado oil, which is a more stable oil and therefore a healthier fat. All right. And lastly, MCT oil. This oil has come into vogue with the ketogenic diet, which is a very low carb diet. Uh the reason it's linked to a ketogenic diet is because of the unique way it's handled by your body. MCT stands for mediumchain triglyceride. It's a high quality fat that comes mostly from coconut oil. Uh it's a great fuel for for not only your body but also your brain. Uh in your body, MCT oil uh MCTs are easily converted to energy. So when you take them in, they're burned for fuel. Uh and very few of them are stored as fat. So you can obviously see why they're uh oil of interest, right? For those of you that don't know, I have a second YouTube channel that I run with my husband. We recently tested our blood after consuming MCT oil and found that not only does it lower your blood glucose, it also boosts the number of ketones in your blood. So, if you're interested in that video, I will leave links here. Um, MCT oil doesn't have a strong flavor. So, you can add it to salad uh or you can stir it into coffee, which is what we did in in our experiment. So, here you are. Here are five foods that you can easily and deliciously work into your daily diet. Um, of course, there are other choices and taking in a variety of healthy foods provide your body with a wonderful mix of vitamins and minerals. So, if you're looking for a complete diet plan to follow, you can check out the links here on the video and below in the description for my diet plan. Thanks for watching. Please subscribe to my channel and I will be back next week with another video to help you reach your goal. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [10 likes]: Dr. Becky's Free 0,1,2,3 Strategy: https://www.DrBeckyFitness.com/FREE
  2. @YvonaLive4Love [1 likes]: I need more breakfast ideas pls ! ❤I get sick of eggs at this point
  3. @KickinA874: You are making me
Like salads again
  4. @nature-i2l: Barneyrubble241님
안녕하세요?
아직 하루 달걀 3개 드시나요?
스타딘도 복용하시고요?
저는 달걀 아주 좋아하는데
3개 먹으니 콜레스트롤이 높아져서 한 개 먹어요.
조언 주시겠어요?
  5. @sunniertimer598: Hi Dr. Becky, can we have keto bread toast with that avocado in the morning as a diabetic
  6. @Yue-Star: what about roasting walnuts in coconut oil?
  7. @louisvandriessche8358: Good info by beautiful lady
  8. @emcarver8983: Mct oil isn't a food, neither is avocado dressing. They are additions
  9. @JohnPiperBoots: Hamburger 80% too. Curbs appetite for many hours. Butter too.
  10. @bonnenaturel6688: Love avocados but now sprayed with Bill Gates' Apeel and they are hard and dark inside.
  11. @ReneeEller: What about those of us who have high cholesterol levels?
  12. @fireflymary9269: Make homemade salad dressings! It’s fun and de-lish
  13. @fireflymary9269: How many calories though
  14. @thayne559: I make my own vinaigrette with EVOO and balsamic vinegar. Its good and easy to make. Sometimes ill also drizzle on a little mct oil
  15. @laurencelebeustclair6844: Hi doc., what in your opinion is the best cure for chronic leaky gut syndrome ?
  16. @peterjames174: ? gluten free option
  17. @breakmanradio2530: Saturated fats are healthy for you. Grass fed butter is the best thing you can eat if you want optimal physical and mental performance. At least she knows eggs are good for you.
  18. @ezeddie9747: Lot of sodium in the dressing
  19. @myrant2459: Great video. Thank you
  20. @jamesalles139: thanks 4 Al Gore's rhythm

- What I Eat In A Day | I lost 135 Pounds with these meals!: Kind: captions Language: en today we're filming a what I eat in a day for those of you that don't know I'm Myra from low carb love I've lost over 135 lbs I've maintain my weight for over 15 years so today I'm just going to show you some of the foods that have helped me throughout the years on my weight loss journey and I'm here to show you the variety of foods that you can have on yours one of the things I say the most is focus on protein um I always recommend focusing on protein just because I feel like it's really something that has helped me out throughout the years now when I'm like not really knowing what to eat or I just feel like really like nourishing my body where I feel like I want those vitamins and protein all in like one shot I always make a smoothie So today we're going to make a protein smoothie it's one of my go-tos um I love this protein it's the vanilla it has like hints of caramel super super clean ingredients this is the one from um ritual I'll leave it linked for you um so you know which one I'm using but I love it because it's plant-based dairyfree glutenfree soyf free super super super clean ingredients we're going to start off with our almond milk pour in our almond milk one scoop of protein and this one actually has 20 g of protein per scoop which I love oh my God smells like absolutely delicious and um I love it because it is sweetened with monk fruit so you guys know if I can um have something that's super clean ingredients and doesn't have all the sugar and has all the nutrients like I'm there for it so we have our almond milk our protein powder a little cocoa powder so this is unsweetened cocoa powder and I like to use a Dutch process because it's just like really deep and Rich um but of course you're going to use like whatever you have on hand um now I used to love so I love creamy thick smoothies um I used to add banana but of course like to keep it low carb um to give it that same creaminess I use a avocado I know it sounds weird but trust me you're not going to taste it and it's so rich and creamy so we're going to go ahead and add in our avocado and I love buying Frozen avocado because it doesn't go bad but I have some I had some fresh avocado on hand and we are going to add a little extra sweetener because I definitely do have a sweet tooth and I just like it to taste like dessert you know then we're going to add in our ice and let's go ahead and blend I want you to see the texture of this you guys are going to be blown away okay not me getting smoothie all over my face this morning okay so here goes look at this texture oh my gosh literally reminds me of like a shake and I always like to top it off with a little cinnamon and then my Glass Straw because it makes me feel fancy this this protein tastes just like dessert I'll go ahead and leave it in the description below for you okay and now let's go ahead and move on to our first meal so we're going to move over to our stove now I'm going to add in some avocado oil and I do have the heat at about a medium high heat because we are going to cook our salmon here so while our oil is heating up we're going to go ahead and season this with a little salt and pepper I'm going to do both sides just so that the skin on the bottom is also seasoned because I love a crispy seasoned skin we're just going to do salt on the skin no pepper and we're going to cook this skin side down so we can get a nice crispy [Applause] skin so we can get a nice crispy skin I'm going to go ahead and leave this cooking for about a couple minutes now now because it is a nice thick salmon steak I'm going to cover it so the uh middle can cook evenly you okay o yes get a nice beautiful crust so let's go ahead and flip this over because of course we need both sides to be fully cooked so as you can see this is nice and crispy my favorite literally one of my favorite parts of salmon so now we're going to go ahead and cover it to make sure that it is fully cooked wo salmon is perfectly cooked nice crisp actually on both sides which I really love I'm totally here for it so now I'm going to go ahead and assemble my salad this is one of my go-to salads look at this bowl it's so beautiful right I love big bowls big salads they just like fill my my eyes like um okay so salads are a really really big part of my life um I love salads because they're really filling um I don't do well with like really small portions of food so for me salads are just like there's veggies and kind of like a lot going on Textures and you know the whole N9 so I feel like your diet doesn't have to be boring and with salads you could really really accomplish that because you can get like a whole variety of different colors textures flavors um so anyway just throwing that out there but let's go ahead and get started I'm actually going to make a homemade dressing um it's just really really simple you can use this on different salads whether you're making steak chicken shrimp in this case salmon so let's go ahead and whip this up okay so we're starting off with some red wine vinegar this is a very very simple but super super tasty dressing then we have Deon mustard then we have a little avocado oil and we're going to add in our salt and pepper okay and then let's go ahead and whisk so you obviously want to make sure you taste your dressing just to make sure it's perfect and M oh my God it's delicious that's perfect let's go ahead and set it aside and we are going to be using this big salad bowl cuz it's beautiful and huge and open and we're just going to I'm going to show you how I assembl my salad so we're going to start off with Roma lettuce I Love Roma cuz it's like nice and crunchy like it has that crisp if you don't like Roma you can obviously use your favorite lettuce of choice like arugula or like mixed greens but for me I go with Roma we have our cherry tomatoes then we have our Persian cucumber and now we're going to add in our bacon so I have turkey bacon it's what I have on hand but of course you're going to use your favorite bacon of choice and it's nice and crispy like for this salad you have to make sure that your bacon is crispy that is like 100% a must then we have our feta cheese and you can't have a cob salad without eggs some our eggs I like a medium boiled just just because I cannot stand really dry yolks and to add to our healthy fats because fats do help keep you satiated throughout the day we are going to add in some avocado so this one I'm just going to slice it really quickly and then just toss it in okay now we're going to top off our salad with our protein guys look at that okay I would pay this is like rest restaurant style quality okay we have buttery salmon all the toppings like this is the perfect cob salad I'm telling you obviously I'm not going to eat this whole thing we're going to share it but a cob salad because it has healthy fats it has your protein like in this case salmon is a very fatty fish fats keep you satiated like don't be afraid of fats like I grew up being like super paranoid about fatty foods like I got lowfat everything and anyway bottom line is that I've learned so much throughout the years and fats are not the enemy okay um obviously I focus on protein I love my veggies and then my fat I just use use it as a lever to um keep me satiated so the fats just always remember if you add a little bit of fats to your protein and your meals you're going to be able to go a longer period of time without eating okay so meal one is done our salmon cob salad is ready let's go ahead and do just a little taste test and then we are going to sit down and enjoy because this is just too good not to eat oh my [Music] God Beyond delicious I'm telling you like how could this be healthy it just tastes so good you know okay so I just want to show you how this salmon is perfectly cooked it's like buttery soft guys all the textures in the salad are Perfection crispy crispy bacon you have the Persian cucumber you have the tomatoes the cheese the feta is like a must for me must and then the dressing just brings it all together okay so I'm going to go ahead and have lunch and then I will see you guys back for dinner okay so before dinner I usually like to do a little snack just so I don't get like super super hungry and then like overeat so I'm going to show you some of the things that I like to snack on um if I'm going to do fruit it's usually a bowl strawberries um just a few I don't go really crazy on fruit because even though it's fruit and it is healthy it does have natural sugars um and if I have too many of them then I start craving carbs so I usually just you know kind of do just like a small little bowl and then I also love almonds so these are like marona almonds I'll do like a small little bowl of these love beef jerky so um um this one here is like a Sriracha beef jerky it's actually chicken but um anything like super quick easy that's full of protein again like for me protein really goes a long way um fats as well so fats and proteins will usually carry me on until dinner so that's kind of what I'm going to do now just do kind of like a little snack I'll show you I mean this probably looks funny but it's literally just beef jerky some almonds and my strawberries so one of the mistakes that I feel people make when um they're snacking is they have too much fruit or sugars or carbs um if I have chips I'm going to crave a lot of carbs they're not satiating whatsoever so I'm not going to feel like satisfied you know I'm going to get hungry and I'm going to want more carbs so more junky like snacky cookies um chips crackers like things like that if I have um a lot of sugar so fruits if I have too many of them as well I'm the same thing happens so I try to stick to proteins and fats even with snacking so this is my little snack and it's going to hold me off until dinner we're going to get started on dinner so I usually like to go a little lighter for dinner whether I do Chicken shrimp sometimes even salmon it really just depends on what I'm craving um and once in a while I do crave steak and so I'll have it it's just that steak feels like a lot heavier for me especially like at night so I usually will do steak if I do it I'll do like a small amount or just a little earlier in the day like an earlier dinner so we're going with the curry chicken and I have everything laid out here so we're going to go ahead and prep this now if you if you're like one of those people that just like I'm not going to make it it's just too many steps you can also just do marinade so I pick these up like from Thrive I usually just order them um just different sauces like this so you can literally just throw you know into your cooked chicken super bomb super easy so that's also an option let me know if you want me to share like all the sauces that I buy to make like different meals I just try to buy things that really just make my life easier sometimes like after work the last thing I'm trying to do is like make a whole meal from scratch so those are legit like Lifesavers you know what I mean um okay so for today though we are making it from scratch of course I'm going to link this recipe down below for you so you guys can go make it it's clean ingredients super delicious so here we have our chicken it's already sliced I kind of just um sliced it so that sometimes when the chicken breast is too thick I feel like you know I get I don't know like weirded out by the by the inside not being fully cooked so we cut these in half and now we're just going to season them so we're going to do our salt okay we're going to do salt and pepper just to taste if you want a measurement I would say about 1/4 teaspoon depending on how much chicken you're using I'm using about a pound here so I would say about 1/4 teaspoon would be good so we have our onion powder garlic powder and paprika now we're just going to toss this right in beautiful then we have our minced garlic this is just fresh garlic you can use um more garlic powder but you can never replicate the taste of fresh garlic so if you have it use it so my secret ingredient for this recipe is Greek yogurt and it just helps keep the chicken really really moist okay so we're going to go ahead and pour that in let's go ahead and coat our chicken so I'm just going to go ahead and coat my chicken in all the seasonings and then we'll move over to the stove so you're going to want to leave your chicken cooking just on one side without touching it for about 3 to 4 minutes just so it gets a nice crisp it's going to turn like nice golden brown and I'll show you what that'll look like right now oo and as you can tell the yogurt really lends for a really nice sear on the chicken like look at that color it's gorgeous looks delicious and it smells amazing we're going to add in our onion our red bell peppers give that a good mix they're just going to sauté these for about 2 minutes just until your onions start to get translucent and the peppers just aren't as hard okay so to make my life easier and to save some time I decided just to go with a Jarred coconut curry this is a medium heat but they do have every they have mile they have super hot um I just like the medium cuz it's you know just in between and it's so much easier because at this point all we're going to do is let this come to a boil and throw our chicken in I am going to garnish it with cilantro but I'm going to throw some in just for flavor okay so now we're just going to put our chicken back into our curry sauce I'm actually going to leave it whole just because if I chop it I feel like it's going to kind of get lost in there and I do want to take a beautiful little photo but this at this point it really is just to your liking if you want to dice it chop it slice it but I really think that full chicken breast with some sauce on top over a bed of like collie rice or even a salad would be so delicious okay we're going to add a little bit of avocado oil for our rice okay so we're going to throw in our Collie rice I've already tried taking out most of the moisture so you want to make sure that you drain your coli rice with a kitchen towel just get as much of the moisture out that you can because if not you actually have to cook it out here stove top but as you can see mine right now is already nice and fluffy and that's because I was able to get most of it out and that way you end up with nice fluffy rice instead of mushy so our chicken curry is done our fluffy rice is all set I'm going to go ahead and plate this now if I was being lazy and I didn't make the collie rice I would have totally just done like a made this into a salad so I would have laid out like a bed of lettuce and then put my chicken and then the curry sauce as a dressing guys I've done it bomb but today I went all the way for you and I just kind of want you to see that like this is obviously a chicken curry Bowl but you can make a teriyaki chicken you can make like a steak Bowl you can make it with shrimp like you can play around with so many different recipes and like never ever get bored because I think at the end of the day like what makes a low carb lifestyle sustainable or even like a weight loss Journey sustainable is you being able to actually stick to it you know so if you're eating delicious foods they're nice and satisfying and like just you know overall just meet your needs across the board you're going to stick with it so let's go ahead and plate this we are going to do a little collie rice so for the sauce because I want it to look nice and pretty going to put the sauce under the chicken okay and I'm getting all the veggies and you can add more veggies if you're like a veggie person you can even add like snap peas broccoli I mean really just whatever you want I just did onions and bell pepper to keep it super super simple and you know easy so we have our sauce and now our Grilled Chicken on top guys the smell of this is Phenom I truly cannot wait to dig in because I am a huge fan of Curry every time I go to like to a Thai restaurant if Curry's on the menu I'm ordering it and I mean you can't go wrong with colie rice right this here is it's just super fluffy light it does the job we're just going to get right into it because it is that time and this looks so BMB oh my God that sauce is so good the chicken is perfectly moist the sauce is spicy but not too spicy and you have a fluffy rice to go with it guys I'm telling you sometimes I feel like we put too much like thought into it and it really isn't that difficult you know to make like really delicious food just make your little chicken your protein whatever it is that you want throw in a sauce now I'm all about making homemade sauces and making them from scratch but sometimes during the week like you just need to make it and go you know and this is just perfect little rice you can make like a double triple batch keep that in the fridge so that you have more um throughout the week but something like this it's going to taste amazing your family is going to love it and if you're alone then meal prep it all right guys so I hope you really enjoyed this video these are just some of the things that I really like to eat kind of gave you examples of what you can do so that you just don't get tired of eating the same Foods I'm going to leave all the recipes in the description below if you guys found this video to be helpful make sure you hit that like button and share not only these recipes but the Channel with friends and family that are living a low carb lifestyle or just looking for healthier choices to their favorite foods guys thanks so much for being here I love you and I will see you on my next video mAh

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnneMorrison-s6g: I’m HIGHLY allergic to avocado, any substitute for it?
  2. @nanabananabex: The avocado in the protein drink sounds really good. I add fresh spinach and it's good as well! I love your videos!
  3. @HISIAM888RUHIS888: Love that Green you’re wearing!! My favorite Color!!.. 
   Love the Beautiful Salad!!..🥗
   Will try the Curry Chicken!! I like my Chicken well Done too!🙌🙌🥰👍👍🙏🙏
  4. @starbalt4843: how many servings would that salmon salad be for you? I could eat it all lol
  5. @lindybloom5: Unfortunately, I can’t afford to eat like that
  6. @nancygraham2087: What is cauli rice? Is it cauliflower that you put in the processor? Can you make it yourself and what if you don’t have a processor?
  7. @mariadiaz1066: I love your recipes, but why don’t you just give of the measurements of your ingredients as you’re explaining it in your videos, putting them together? This happens in most of your videos I’m sure we’d all appreciate it. It  makes it easier and faster for your viewers, instead of of having to go back and find the recipe measurements. Maybe it’s something to consider. Thank you.
  8. @katemompreuneur5481: I would love to lose 40kilogramm just started this week my journey
  9. @sarahgirlsoaps: Avocado works great for smoothies. And you’re right, you can’t taste it.
  10. @irenedimeski7863: Yes please share sauces you use 😊
  11. @SachetYeare: Best part of my day.
  12. @thuy-p7v: Amazing production quality.
  13. @marciabrown5418: I've never heard of bottled marinade. I love this. Super convenient. Thanks
  14. @jennifersimas3774: Can pls tell us the measurements of recipes and how many calories per recipe thank u so much love watching u ❤
  15. @pinnacleview2938: So frustrated, trying to find the actual recipe for the dinner as in how many teaspoons etc., help
  16. @beautybeast226: Literally!
  17. @shezajewell2098: Loved your video, none of what you made looked like a strict diet at all, both meals looked very sustainable
  18. @LifeBlissCoaching: Salmon salad - I'd eat the whole thing. Not gonna lie. 😂
  19. @trayfromthebay: what was in the salad dressing?
  20. @antoinettemitchell2888: i am so happy i found your channel

- Is Keto TOO Much for You? Do This Instead [Lower-Carb/Better-Carb]: Kind: captions Language: en-US A keto diet is a very low carb diet. The purpose of a keto diet is to encourage your body to produce ketones, which are breakdown products of fat metabolism. Ketones can be measured, and if your body is producing them, you are burning fat. In other words, a keto diet is an effective fat-loss diet. But what if it is too extreme for you? Restricting your carb intake to around 20 or 30 grams per day cuts out a lot of favorite foods and limits fruit and other plant-based foods. So what do you do if keto feels out of reach? You can get fat loss results by simply reducing your carb intake and making better carb choices. This video explains the difference and how you can enhance this less extreme strategy to make fast, healthy progress. [Intro Music] So, low carb vs. keto. What's the difference? Plainly stated, it is simply the number of grams of carbohydrates you consume. While there is no established cut-off point, it is generally accepted that for a person who eats 2,000 calories a day to be considered a low carb dieter, their daily carbohydrate intake needs to be below 125 total grams. To be considered in the keto range, their consumption would drop to less than 50 grams per day. Now, some of you feel that it is splitting hairs to think of a keto diet and a low-carb diet as separate strategies. However, I make that distinction because of the degree of food restrictions from one to the other, which I will go into in a moment. But one thing I have noticed is that we fight a lot about dieting. It seems like picking a diet is like picking a team. So, you are either in camp keto, camp Mediterranean, camp Paleo, or camp vegetarian. And if anyone disagrees with our perspective, we hurl insulting comments at them. Unfortunately, when we focus on the differences, we overlook the similarities. The reality is that all of these diets cut out the same diet destroyer - ultra-processed Because nearly 60% of the calories consumed by Americans are ultra-processed foods, cut them out, and you lose weight and improve your health. So all of these diets are a step in the right direction. Ultra-processed foods include soda, potato chips, sugary cereals, cookies, cakes, candies, chicken nuggets, french fries, ice cream, and many of the toppings and dips that go with them. Not only are these foods the first to go on any healthy diet. Most are also high-carb foods, so cut them out, and you are already headed toward a lower-carb/better-carb diet. Now, when we talk about carbohydrates, the focus is on plant foods for a very good reason. Plants make carbohydrates through photosynthesis. So if it is a plant, it contains carbs. A few animal-based foods, like dairy products, may contain carbohydrates, but for the most part, carb foods are plant foods. This is why a keto diet limits plant food. If you do not want to go to that extreme, then aim to eat a lower-carb/better-carb diet. That is achieved by choosing foods with a favorable fiber-to-carb ratio. I have a blog post that goes into ranking the best to worst carbs, and I will point you to that post if you would like a more in-depth list. But for a quick reference, plant foods with the best fiber-to-carb ratio include non-starchy vegetables, lower-carb fruits, and raw nuts and seeds. So, think about building your diet around a large salad with slices of avocado, berries, nuts, and seeds for one meal and having a cooked non-starchy vegetable, like broccoli, asparagus, or cauliflower, as a side dish alongside a protein entree for another meal. Animal-based foods like meat, fish, and poultry make great entrees because they provide protein and fat without carbs. If you are a breakfast eater, eggs are an additional source of protein and fat. And, what you are doing by building your eating day in this way is continually feeding yourself foods that promote fat loss. To say it more clearly, foods that contain protein, fat, and fiber promote fat loss because they digest slowly and prevent blood glucose and insulin spikes. What that means to you is that your hunger stays under control longer, and the energy from your meal is slowly released, providing a nice, sustained level of energy with less leftover energy to go into fat storage. Then, when you have lower-carb/better-carb food choices under control, you can add weight loss accelerators that may actually allow your body to make ketones. In other words, following a keto diet is not the only way to coax your body into making ketones. Ketones are produced when your body's primary fuel, which is glucose, is running low. A ketogenic diet leads to the production of ketones because there are so few carbs to raise blood glucose. However, any action that sufficiently depletes glucose will result in the production of ketones. These actions include intermittent fasting and exercise. So, by combining your lower carb diet with these actions, you improve fat burning. Some people will find that they must keep their carb intake in the keto range to continue losing weight. But an individual's carb tolerance is not something you can predict, it is something discovered through experience. So if starting a keto diet is intimidating, start with a lower-carb/better-carb diet and go from there. If you would like guidance to get started, download my 0,1,2,3 strategy by clicking on the icon on screen or the link in the description area. The strategy will work with any healthy eating preference because it helps you get sugar and refined foods out of your diet and whole foods in. Thanks for watching, and have a great rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @claymor8241 [12 likes]: I was on a low carb diet but kept eating fruit, quite a lot each day.  I took on board the advice that fibre in fruit would, put simply, prevent the glucose level in blood going too high.   This turned out to be wrong and my high fruit consumption led to me being diagnosed prediabetic.
  2. @Gulliver-m3v [1 likes]: Keto gave me the keto rash!!! Not worth it-uoped my carbs, doing great!
  3. @geno5169 [1 likes]: I stopped drinking soda years ago! I even did keto with fasting  a couple of years ago! I did a lot of fasting.! I tried no carbs! I can’t do no carbs! I get bad migraines! My body feels better eating carbs! Now I can do low carb
  4. @ashyawoo: thank you so much. i have acid reflux and high-fat foods trigger it horribly, not to mention make me get brain fog despite me being on it for 6 months already. this video really helped me!
  5. @cmcneill60: She looks like hot lips on Mash😂😂😂
  6. @foolishmestudios: I like ketovoire and I believe it when people say it worked miracles on them. But it’s not for me. My IBS is under control, on my good days my energy levels surprise me, no heart burn, the heart palpitations eventually went away and I no longer crave sugar or snacks. Processed foods make me sick now. 

The problem is my bad days. And some bad days are really bad. I’ve never worried about what I eat more than being on keto. Is it my potassium or magnesium or fat? LMNT doesn’t work cuz I salt my food so then I am getting too much sodium when I have that. I am tired of guessing what’s wrong with me all the time. I’m tired of researching and trying to figure out who’s right and which doctors to listen to. Am I just eating this way cuz someone else told me it was healthy just like how I was eating before? And I wasn’t even that bad before, it was just processed meats, grains and veggies. 

I did this to lose the cravings and help my anxiety cuz I don’t know why but at 32 my anxieties have skyrocketed. Losing 20lbs was just a bonus. But now I just want to feel the way I did a couple years ago. To be fair I was exercising more then but I never worried about if I was nutrient deficient or not. I mean the only thing that was bad when I went to the doctors was my high blood pressure which they always chalked up to white coat syndrome. It wasn’t until I got my own monitor that I realize it was not white coat syndrome. But maybe I never need keto. Maybe I just needed to cuz the processed foods. Or maybe I just needed keto to let my body reset. 

So I’m gona add carbs back in and see how it goes. Only this time I have the knowledge of which carbs and how much. Worst thing that happens is my body rejects it and I have to start keto over again.
  7. @Sharetheroad3333: Thank you for this calm, rational, and thoughtful presentation.
  8. @horncow4160: I think keto is good as a quick weight loss hack before an event/vacation/etc, but seems unnecessary for slower long term weight loss and also incredibly depressing. Who wants to worry about needing to limit vegetable consumption because their carbs might go over the tiniest amount? It’s just teaching people to fear perfectly healthy, weight loss friendly food. Whole Foods are healthy and will lead to weight loss, everything in moderation.
  9. @hustlinhitch: When I had my gallbladder removed, and was unable to tolerate fat, I went low-carb. I lost a lot of weight just by walking 3 miles a day and avoiding most junk food. I still ate plenty of bread and low-fat sweets though.
  10. @loisgannon1955: How many carbs should I eat. I am 70, very active & want to lose 40 lbs ty
  11. @AverageJane-m7y: Keto vs. Low Carb is definitely 2 different strategies. My liver/gallbladder can't handle keto and sends me into flares. I try to keep my carbs under 150 (125 net fiber) and don't eat any white sugar or flour. Focusing on whole foods, preferably mediterranean diet and drinking water over diet sodas.
  12. @DancingMooney: Marking 4:28
  13. @rontan8433: Thanks for bringing across the message without the aggression and pushy fanatics tactics of vegans, keto/carnivores, trying to convert people just like religious cults.
  14. @321beebo: I enjoyed this.  Good information and I love your soothing voice!💖
  15. @bookcrazy001: I liked this explanation. I'm on about 50g of net carbs a day but I'm also not allowed to have more than 15 per sitting. Idk if its working but this helped me understand ketones better.
  16. @geno5169: You have such a calming voice voice! You’re very beautiful! I did keto before ! I’m thinking on doing keto again with fasting
  17. @neardeathexperience1111: Keto is very restrictive for me as I don't eat much meat and I have dysphagia which is a swallowing problem. I am better on 50g carbs and I watch my fat intake and calories also. Hoping it works better this way for me
  18. @sfromd: should we count total carbs or net carbs?
  19. @ChristinaSpitzer-r1r: Interesting.
  20. @peterwilson3733: Wow amazing thank you

- LOW CARB DIETS: 5 benefits of curbing carbs!: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Everyone seems be talking about low carb diets these days! But what exactly is one, and do they work? Today we look at 5 benefits that curbing carbs could bring to you. Let's dive in. Hi, I'm Chris. Welcome to Carbs & Cals, the channel that helps you understand the food you eat so you can manage your diabetes and weight, and lead a healthy lifestyle. If you are new to the channel, hit subscribe and the bell button for all the latest videos. In recent years, low carb diets have received a lot of attention. While there is no agreed definition in healthcare, the media or the general population, consuming 50 to 130g of carbs per day is considered low carb, and less than 50g of carbs per day is very low carb. Many people have found these diets benficial to manage their weight, and some find it easier to manage their diabetes with a lower carb intake. Here are 5 ways you could benefit from following a low carb diet. 1. Going low carb naturally helps you eat less sugar. Some carb foods are processed and high in free sugars and fat. These include biscuits, desserts, sweet pastries, chocolate, sweets and sugary drinks. By curbing your carbs, you may find that you easily avoid these less-beneficial foods. 2. A low carb mindset could lead to a more balanced diet. For example, if half your dinner plate is usually potatoes, rice or pasta, you could reduce these carbs to a quarter of a plate, and add more vegetables. 3. A low carb, high protein intake can help reduce your appetite. This is because protein keeps you feeling fuller for longer than carbs. Like carbs though, some types of protein are more beneficial than others, so aim for good quality protein such as chicken, fish, eggs, beans, nuts and tofu. We'll be making a separate video with 3 nutritious low carb lunches under 15g of carbs. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss it. 4. Weight loss can be rapid in the early stages of a low carb diet. This is due to the loss of glycogen stored in the body, which is made up of around 25% glucose and 75% water. Therefore, when you embark on a low carb diet, you lose water from the body stores. This initial weight loss can be a great kickstart, but it is important to remember that weight loss tends to slow down after the initial period. And finally, number 5. If you have (or are at risk of developing) diabetes, following a low carb diet can improve blood glucose levels after meals. Some people even find they need less diabetes medication. You can find all the foods from this video, and lots more, in the Carb & Calorie Counter book and app. Links to the full range of bestselling carb counting books are in the description below. So, what's your favourite low carb meal? Share your comments to inspire the Carbs & Cals community. Thanks for watching. We hope you've enjoyed this week's video. If so, give it a thumbs up. New videos released every week, so make sure you subscribe and press the bell. We'll see you next time!

  Top Comments:
  1. @TmHudsonArt [14 likes]: I hope people aren't lowering carbs without increasing good saturated fats. There's literally no mention of these fats here but they are the preferred fuel source for the body. Yes they contain more calories but as you don't get hungry very much, you may only need to eat once or twice a day meaning you eat less overall and intermittent fasting becomes easier and has massive benefits in itself. Too much protien also elicits higher insulin responses whereas fats elicit almost none so high fat, moderate protein and low carb is best for controlling insulin levels and fats are needed as a fuel source.
  2. @joycewilcox2549 [13 likes]: Excellent!  Thank you for the recognition of low carb for diabetes control.  SIGN guidelines state 50g or less of carbs for diabetes management.  I'm 3 years low carb and so much healthier.  My go-to fast-food low carb meal is simply an omelette.
  3. @catcat6060 [6 likes]: Low carb definitely helps with diabetes! I don’t understand though why you say it helps with weight but then basically say it only helps with water weight... then it slows down? I personally lost 10 st on low carb
  4. @hannahjustice4916 [3 likes]: Please could we have a video for low carb puddings? Would like to follow a lower carb diet but would miss dessert! Thanks for another good update
  5. @tarankaur4085 [3 likes]: Aww these videos are really helpful to manage my diabetes😊 if you can could make a video on protein which vegetarian people can eat like no egg, meat or fish. Thank you
  6. @OkOk-ik4lg [2 likes]: Next time turn off that "music"
  7. @vikkicornish6616 [1 likes]: I’m still waiting for low carb foods that inspire and sustain
  8. @andreatelford7896 [1 likes]: When you say that 50g - 130g is low carb diet, are you referring to starchy carbs such as sugar, white flour, potatoes, grains etc or does this include vegetables and fruit? I am pre diabetic and have been advised to keep the starchy carbs to 100g but can eat as many veg as I want on top of this? I tend to limit the starchy 'empty' carbs, always choosing wholegrain options but eat a lot of veg. Am I wrong? I cannot keep carbs so low with all the veg I eat as my total daily intake averages 175 - 200.
  9. @Haexxchen: What a DANGEROUS video full of misleading information....

- Complex carbs do not spike your blood sugar
- Diabetis is a medical condition, that changes completely how you should look at carbs/sugars and does NOT belong in weight loss advice!!!!
- The initial weight loss on low carb is water weight and zero fat. It can be a motivator, but is not actually fat loss and will come back the day you eat carbs again, crushing motivation...
- Low carb helps balancing your meals? WTF is that even supposed to mean. Low fat also changes the balance of your meal, low protein does too. Anything is a kind of balance.
- Oh, less carbs keep you fuller? Oh no, that's not what you said. The tipp had nothing actually to do with carbs. The tipp was earting enough protein to keep satiated. Good talk about carbs we had there...

Most of this video works under the assumption that carbs mean simple carbs.
I think it is very easy to understand how a potatoe is healthier than a donut and this is not up to the amount of carbs. It's about the micronutrients you get with either and simple versus complex carbs, which act differently in your body, one keeping you fuller for longer, steadily giving you energy, the other giving you a rush and crash.

There are good reasons that a low carb can be the right approach for an individulal.
None in this video came close.
You should be ashamed putting this up.
  10. @Bushcraft242: Cutting carbs works for me
  11. @ajazahmed3694: Chris great video on low carb
  12. @DodongGalaVlogs: lowcarb is the best for me. i lost 25kg on doing it. meal samples postd on my channel
  13. @theotherway1639: The mindfulness book "30 Days to Overcome Sugar Addiction" by Harper Daniels is a good resource.
  14. @snp.63: Really helpful! 👍

- What I Eat To Lose Weight and Fat! Low Carb, High Protein and Healthy Meals: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys so today I wanted to do a what I eat in&nbsp; a day you guys know that I'm currently trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; lose about another 5 to 10 lbs so I'm&nbsp; really really focused on high protein&nbsp;&nbsp; in the mornings I usually just start off very&nbsp; normal a coffee um I usually do like a little&nbsp;&nbsp; dairyfree creamer or something that is um like&nbsp; really low in sugar I don't like to break my&nbsp;&nbsp; fast with sugar I feel like spiking my glucose&nbsp; like first thing in the morning is probably&nbsp;&nbsp; not the not the thing to do but I usually that's&nbsp; usually what I do start my day off with coffee and&nbsp;&nbsp; then I move into like a smoothie so depending on&nbsp; my mood I do like either like a matcha smoothie&nbsp;&nbsp; uh vanilla and then add like maybe some berries&nbsp; or um spinach kind of like a green smoothie or&nbsp;&nbsp; even um like a chocolate peanut butter today I'm&nbsp; probably going to go the chocolate peanut butter&nbsp;&nbsp; route so I'm just going to enjoy my coffee and&nbsp; then just grab my stuff and start off with a&nbsp;&nbsp; smoothie I usually like to blend it even though&nbsp; um this smoothie you could just shake um I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to blend it cuz I feel like it gives me more&nbsp; of um kind of like a frappe Vibe you know so&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to do a little bit of ice all right&nbsp; ice it just gives me very much like start like&nbsp;&nbsp; Starbucks or like coffee like a cof no where&nbsp; do they sell smoothies like a juice bar like it&nbsp;&nbsp; gives me very much like juice bar Vibes so we're&nbsp; going to do one scoop and this already has my it&nbsp;&nbsp; has um collagen it has sweetener in it it has um&nbsp; banana powder peanut butter powder cocoa powder&nbsp;&nbsp; like RI mushrooms a whole Chango so I feel like&nbsp; it's just like a whole complete little you know&nbsp;&nbsp; smoothie and sometimes if I want something&nbsp; like for it to just taste like like really&nbsp;&nbsp; like a milkshake I add like a little piece of&nbsp; banana and then like a touch of maple syrup&nbsp;&nbsp; guys oh my gosh so this is what I do like when I&nbsp; usually just do like my protein smoothie powder&nbsp;&nbsp; and milk um that's usually what I do when I&nbsp; am really focused So today we're like really&nbsp;&nbsp; focused I just kind of want to bring you along&nbsp; a realistic date of what I'm eating right now&nbsp;&nbsp; because I feel like sometimes when you're trying&nbsp; to lose weight or you're like trying to be really&nbsp;&nbsp; focused and you don't know what to eat these&nbsp; videos could be really really helpful so this&nbsp;&nbsp; is like legitimate what I'm eating today I have&nbsp; my little coffee and now we're going to do our [Music] smoothie I feel like my blender so&nbsp; loud I've literally never heard a blender&nbsp;&nbsp; this loud like I feel like it's going&nbsp; to like poof like explode or something&nbsp;&nbsp; um but then we have I mean I usually&nbsp; never drink it out of here I probably&nbsp;&nbsp; could I don't because I just love mason&nbsp; jars I feel like mason jars just make&nbsp;&nbsp; everything taste so good add a tiny bit of&nbsp; cinnamon and you can't forget the glass STW&nbsp;&nbsp; the glass STW just Mak makes it like just&nbsp; tastes better for some reason it's just a Vibe guys I'm telling you I don't know what it is&nbsp; about smoothies you know one of the reasons why I&nbsp;&nbsp; actually like fell in love with doing smoothies&nbsp; in the morning is because it makes me feel nice&nbsp;&nbsp; and full and it also just tastes like dessert&nbsp; and I'm like such a dessert girl and I know&nbsp;&nbsp; that I'm actually nourishing my body like I'm&nbsp; doing this is 25 gram of protein 10 grams of&nbsp;&nbsp; collagen and nothing but clean clean ingredients&nbsp; so anyway this is what I'm going to enjoy I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; going to get a little bit of work done and then&nbsp; I'll bring you back when I'm going to do lunch cheers all right guys so I'm starting to get a&nbsp; little hungry I kind of I was all organized girl I&nbsp;&nbsp; put everything on a little um Shar cery board gut&nbsp; friendly sauerkraut okay I always try to do like&nbsp;&nbsp; something fermented just because it's like really&nbsp; good for our gut if I don't do that I might do&nbsp;&nbsp; like a little bit of yogurt like as a as a yogurt&nbsp; parfait but I do this what I'm about to show you&nbsp;&nbsp; right now at least three times a week at least&nbsp; three times a week especially when I am really&nbsp;&nbsp; focused on Back to Basics this is definitely like&nbsp; a what I eat in a day going back to basics because&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of times once I start to like um kind of&nbsp; like steer away from like my my Norm or like&nbsp;&nbsp; what is I don't want to say healthy but what I&nbsp; consider like being on track um when I go back&nbsp;&nbsp; to basics I'm eating like this my little coffee&nbsp; in the morning then I have my little um protein&nbsp;&nbsp; smoothie um and sometimes I don't even have the&nbsp; smoothie and I go straight to this I'll just eat&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit more but it's just my grass-fed&nbsp; beef I have this one here is new smoked ghost&nbsp;&nbsp; pepper cheddar I got this one um at Traders and&nbsp; um anyway I just kind of put this all together&nbsp;&nbsp; so let me show you let me grab my pan real quick&nbsp; um I actually just got some new pans um these are&nbsp;&nbsp; from Maiden I absolutely love these These are made&nbsp; here in the US they have they first of all look at&nbsp;&nbsp; this they come with the little um cover so that&nbsp; they don't scratch when you put them away which&nbsp;&nbsp; I love it makes it so convenient because I hate&nbsp; when they start getting all scratched up inside&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm just kind of like no it doesn't look aesthetic&nbsp; I feel like this looks so pretty look at that and&nbsp;&nbsp; it has a proprietary ceramic coating um so that&nbsp; things don't get stuck and it doesn't start to&nbsp;&nbsp; stick your food and it also um is able to go&nbsp; into the oven it's just like overall I just&nbsp;&nbsp; love it I love that it's so versatile like you&nbsp; can use it on a on a gas top on an electric top&nbsp;&nbsp; you can even use it on an induction um stove&nbsp; top and then if you're cooking like let's say&nbsp;&nbsp; you're like searing your steak boom put it into&nbsp; the oven and um they're good up to 550° so it&nbsp;&nbsp; could go straight into the oven and I just love&nbsp; that you can kind of you know go back and forth&nbsp;&nbsp; if need be right now you can use my link in the&nbsp; description of the video to check out all these&nbsp;&nbsp; pans and save on your order so I'm going to&nbsp; do my ground beef just going to form a little Patty and I like to eat it in a Patty form but my&nbsp; kid na I um she likes to break it up kind of like&nbsp;&nbsp; actual ground beef I just like to eat it more I&nbsp; don't know I just like it better in a Patty form&nbsp;&nbsp; so very plain Jane very very plain Jane I'm just&nbsp; going to season it with a little bit of salt salt&nbsp;&nbsp; and pepper I'm going to cook it to about a medium&nbsp; I don't like medium rare but medium I'll cook&nbsp;&nbsp; it to a medium and um I'll show you how I put it&nbsp; together I feel like it's very simple but it gets&nbsp;&nbsp; the job done it keeps me full for hours I actually&nbsp; genuinely enjoy eating this I feel like it's super&nbsp;&nbsp; nutritious I think as women like one thing that we&nbsp; don't do especially um during our menstrual cycle&nbsp;&nbsp; is eat meat like I went to an nutritionist here&nbsp; in Newport Beach um she specializes in women's&nbsp;&nbsp; hormone hormones and she just brought it up very&nbsp; casually and I was like wait what and she's like&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah did you know that you're supposed to eat&nbsp; red meat at least once a day when you're on your&nbsp;&nbsp; menstrual cycle and I was like I never knew that&nbsp; like this is the first time I'm ever hearing about&nbsp;&nbsp; this when you're losing um you know we're losing&nbsp; blood then you need to replenish that and she said&nbsp;&nbsp; um with red meat it's one of the best ways to do&nbsp; it so anyway in case you didn't know either this&nbsp;&nbsp; is what she told me ready okay I'm going to be&nbsp; brave and I'm going to put a little bit of the&nbsp;&nbsp; ghost pepper cheese if I burn my mouth I'll let&nbsp; you know I'm not going to do too much um I try&nbsp;&nbsp; not to do too much cheese anyway if I do I just&nbsp; try to make sure it's like a high quality cheese&nbsp;&nbsp; so we have that and then going to do our little&nbsp; egg just a pasteurized egg I'm so happy that my&nbsp;&nbsp; Costco started carrying pasture ra organic eggs&nbsp; and then I'm just going to do a little side of&nbsp;&nbsp; tomato okay while that's cooking I'm just going&nbsp; to get everything else ready and then just serve&nbsp;&nbsp; on my shur board we have our egg I have my meat&nbsp; little tomato solid action and we're going to do&nbsp;&nbsp; some sauerkraut this this little guy right here&nbsp; I pick it up at Trader Joe's if you haven't tried&nbsp;&nbsp; it it is so good and the good thing about this is&nbsp; it's made with um with olive oil so a lot of the&nbsp;&nbsp; just a lot of the sauces and a lot of the um oils&nbsp; that are out there are made with like inflammatory&nbsp;&nbsp; oils so my little egg for that flavor this is my&nbsp; lunch look at that if I didn't have my smoothie&nbsp;&nbsp; I would would have for sure had another egg and&nbsp; maybe a another little Patty but I'm hungry but&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm not like oh my God I'm like starving where&nbsp; I need like a ton of food you know but look at&nbsp;&nbsp; how beautiful very nutritious very much Back to&nbsp; Basics this is how I eat when I'm actively trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to lose weight so I just want to share these&nbsp; things with you because I feel like it's really&nbsp;&nbsp; important some of us don't know so I'm going to&nbsp; go ahead sit down and enjoy this is my lunch and&nbsp;&nbsp; um it'll be I don't know it'll be hours before&nbsp; um before I eat dinner and I'll just kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; let you know how I'm feeling you know I might be&nbsp; super hungry then I'll look for something that's&nbsp;&nbsp; a little more hearty depending on how I'm feeling&nbsp; then that's what I'll that's what I will make for&nbsp;&nbsp; dinner but anyway this looks so good right what&nbsp; do you think honestly like little Sherie brunch action all right guys so dinner I'm actually going&nbsp; to be going out and when I'm Going Back to Basics&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm really trying to focus on weight loss I&nbsp; try to eat at home before I leave because if I&nbsp;&nbsp; go out I'm going to Crave all the things&nbsp; all the fries all the stuff I should not&nbsp;&nbsp; be eating I should not be eating so I just&nbsp; put all my stuff that I'm going to use on&nbsp;&nbsp; my little shakuri board um I feel like I was&nbsp; going to make like um fajitas but I'm like I&nbsp;&nbsp; have my um low carb tortillas so I'm just&nbsp; going to make some tacos these are going&nbsp;&nbsp; to make my tacos low carb love them they only&nbsp; have 30 calories and three net carbs so those&nbsp;&nbsp; always make all my stuff all my Mexican dishes&nbsp; like if I want to make homemade chips if I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to make enchiladas Tacos hard shell tacos all&nbsp; of that I can make them with those so I will&nbsp;&nbsp; leave them Linked In the description below&nbsp; for you so let's go ahead and dice it guys&nbsp;&nbsp; I got my new knife with my pots OMG this baby&nbsp; is so sharp all right let's get our chicken in for seasonings I'm going to&nbsp; do a little bit of garlic powder some onion powder and there's this new little&nbsp; guy from Traders the chili onion&nbsp;&nbsp; it is brand spanking new so let's try some of that little pepper and some salt a little salt&nbsp; and pepper Obby and this is cooking I'm just going&nbsp;&nbsp; to get all my veggies ready toss them in and then&nbsp; make our tacos okay so I'm just going to let this&nbsp;&nbsp; cook the chicken's already cooked I just want&nbsp; like everything to get like a nice golden color&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we're going to assemble okay and then I&nbsp; like to add just a Sprinkle of olive oil this is&nbsp;&nbsp; a little more than what I usually like but it's&nbsp; okay um so it's not like a full fried tortilla it&nbsp;&nbsp; just makes it like nice and soft DLC right now so&nbsp; this is how I usually do I'm just a teeny tiny bit&nbsp;&nbsp; where it's not like greasy it just makes it just&nbsp; gives it a different flavor I don't know what it&nbsp;&nbsp; is about it but a tortilla like this just makes&nbsp; tacos taste so bomb it's kind of like when you&nbsp;&nbsp; make Vira and then you get the conté and you do&nbsp; it and then it's just like the tortilla just has&nbsp;&nbsp; a different texture that this is what it does but&nbsp; basically I don't have a gome so I'm just doing&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit of olive oil and going to save that&nbsp; there we're going to make one more I'm just having&nbsp;&nbsp; three tacos that's it three tacos for dinner&nbsp; calling it a day and I have to add in all the&nbsp;&nbsp; topping so guys guys guys guys all right this is&nbsp; already looking absolutely amazing and of course&nbsp;&nbsp; you can add anything else you can add guac you can&nbsp; add I was going to do sour cream but I feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't need it like it has it's already going&nbsp; to have so much flavor but this right here is my&nbsp;&nbsp; dinner look at that these are just three chicken&nbsp; fajita tacos super low carb low calorie and&nbsp;&nbsp; um high in protein so just hit every mark check&nbsp; cheuck cheuck all right guys so this is basically&nbsp;&nbsp; what I ate today and going back to basics actively&nbsp; trying to lose weight sticking to um high protein&nbsp;&nbsp; um I feel like I eat a really good amount I don't&nbsp; feel like I overdo it I don't calorie count I know&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of you ask me um how many calories do you a&nbsp; day like I I feel like for me personally I know it&nbsp;&nbsp; works for so many people and I wish I was a little&nbsp; bit more structured to actually do it and I would&nbsp;&nbsp; probably see better results but it adds a lot of&nbsp; pressure to me to try and like track everything&nbsp;&nbsp; and It ultimately like ends up giving me anxiety&nbsp; so I'm like no I'm not going to do it I just like&nbsp;&nbsp; listen to my body if I'm not hungry I swear to you&nbsp; I just don't eat sometimes I skip dinner because&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm just not hungry but sometimes even if I have&nbsp; three meals and I am hungry then I still have&nbsp;&nbsp; more food you know what I mean like I just listen&nbsp; I listen to my body and I think that that's really&nbsp;&nbsp; what works best for me um instead of having&nbsp; candy um a lot of times I just have fruit I&nbsp;&nbsp; love cherries I love grapes I love apples and even&nbsp; though they're not like a super low carb fruit I&nbsp;&nbsp; feel like I eat so clean throughout the day that I&nbsp; can I can afford to have fruit I feel like people&nbsp;&nbsp; are so afraid of having like natural sugars and&nbsp; the truth is that I get it like it does have sugar&nbsp;&nbsp; but your body knows exactly what to do with it&nbsp; and if you're eating clean throughout the day and&nbsp;&nbsp; you're also keeping everything very low carb you&nbsp; can definitely afford to fit a piece of fruit if&nbsp;&nbsp; that is what your like heart desires you know what&nbsp; I mean so that's just from personal experience and&nbsp;&nbsp; I obviously am not doing this for health purposes&nbsp; this is more just a lifestyle for me so if you are&nbsp;&nbsp; doing it for health purposes then of course it's a&nbsp; very very different story but anyway I just wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to share what I ate today um I hope you guys&nbsp; enjoyed this video um it's just this has been very&nbsp;&nbsp; raw organic real what I'm eating um I hope it's&nbsp; helpful for you on your journey or just on getting&nbsp;&nbsp; ideas for Yummy meals but thanks so much for being&nbsp; here please share my channel share it with your&nbsp;&nbsp; friends and family whether they're trying to lose&nbsp; some weight maybe they're diabetic or just trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to like get some healthy options in their life you&nbsp; never know things like this could be super super&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful but anyway thank you so much for being&nbsp; here I love you and I'll see you on my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @toby621 [1 likes]: You said like about 100 times in this video 
I just had to count 
Because I can 
😂😂😂
  2. @DongChayCoTam_99 [1 likes]: oh! the video is so meaningful for fat people. thank you for sharing useful things. wish you good health
  3. @esthellinapeterson4357: Smart I don't eat when I'm hungry and days I am I eat  . Love your ideas and recipes
  4. @jaidenhorton7847: Seems like you like the aesthetic of eating healthy more than actually eating healthy
  5. @aprilbracey1813: ❤😊
  6. @jerrismith6086: great!
  7. @mateochavez1192: Funny you should mention that your blender is loud. Since your videos are SOOOOOOOOOOOO quiet and we have to turnnup our devices SOOOOOOOOOOOO loud to hear them, and then when ads come along :: BOOM 🧨💥💣🤯‼️‼️ and we get another year closer to needing hearing aids, the blender is definitely the least of our worries 😕 I know this isn’t news to you; is it really that difficult to take a little time to figure this out for your loyal viewers/subscribers like myself.
  8. @CourageousDreamerAllon4journey: Your amazing channel is changing my life.
Thank you for that🙏❤
  9. @spillthwinesfinds1244: I could not find the link for your low carb tortillas. Where did you buy them?
  10. @spillthwinesfinds1244: I love how you presented your lunch board!!
  11. @spillthwinesfinds1244: What a neat looking smoothie maker. I couldn’t find it listed here. ? I didn’t want to bother you if I can find it somewhere in your page
  12. @angelahays6422: What is the name and brand of the tortillas
  13. @whitehead51: You can't survive on smoothies. That's why humans have teeth to chew food
  14. @angelicaenriquez698: Ooooo I would love too see some matcha smoothie recipes from you! Sounds good!
  15. @griseldabenitez-cruz1009: Do you use olive oil when you do chips or no oil?
  16. @maryhartley3346: I love watching your videos and how positive and encouraging you are. Do you strength train as well? If so, how many days or hours a week? Thanks!
  17. @jessicalove143: Do you also workout or just weight loss through eating?
  18. @PatriciaRobinson-k9f: What kind of sauce did you put on your egg 🥚 🤔 Patti
  19. @PatriciaRobinson-k9f: Hi Patti here what smoothie brand was that.
  20. @darlenerickard1389: What kind of protein powder is it and where do you get it

- A Full Day of Keto – Eat This Today! Keto Menu & Recipes: Kind: captions Language: en the keto menu in front of me contains less than 25 total grams of carbohydrates so if you are just getting started with keto you're simply curious about what a keto day of eating looks like or you've hit a weight loss plateau this full day of eating keto has you covered in this video i'll share the easy recipes for a make it yourself breakfast lunch and dinner [Music] as i mentioned the foods in this one day keto menu contain less than 25 total grams of carbohydrates nine of which are fiber now if you are coming from a high carb lifestyle where you were consuming refined carbohydrates like cereal sandwich bread soda pasta and desserts on a regular basis this will be a big change for your body and even if you were eating a healthy high carb diet your daily carb consumption was likely around 50 or more of your daily calories with a keto diet it is a very low carb diet where your carbohydrate intake will be less than 10 percent of your daily calories it will take time for your body to adapt to this way of eating so if you make this switch overnight you may experience keto flu symptoms such as fatigue cravings and irritability to lessen those symptoms you may want to start with a low carb diet before jumping into keto if so you can watch my video that shares a full day of eating low carb okay with that said let's take a look at a quick and satisfying keto breakfast eggs are a favorite food for keto dieters because they provide your body with fat and protein yet contain virtually no carbohydrates eggs can also be enjoyed in a variety of ways you can fry them scramble them or eat them hard-boiled like i am showing in this keto breakfast hard-boiled eggs are good to have on hand if you are following a keto diet because they work as well as a grab-and-go keto snack in the afternoon as they do in the morning and if a plain hard-boiled egg doesn't excite you eating them with a spicy dipping sauce will certainly up the game for instance you can whip up this dipping sauce by mixing together two tablespoons of mayonnaise a teaspoon of dijon mustard 1 8 of a teaspoon of cayenne pepper and a dash of salt and pepper now i will share the ingredients for each of these foods in the video but if you would like to print a copy you can download all of the recipes on my blog post by going to dr beckyfitness.com keto menu and i will put that link in the description area below this video with two hard-boiled eggs this quick keto eggs with spicy dipping sauce recipe contains just over 1 gram of carbohydrates yet it is packed with energy thanks to the 35 grams of fat and more than 12 grams of protein that is a macronutrient ratio that you want as a keto dieter a keto diet is a very low carb high fat moderate protein diet this macronutrient intake prevents the blood sugar and insulin spikes you get when you eat something refined for breakfast like cereal or a muffin when insulin is high it prevents the release of fat from the fat cells so right from the start of your day you have a satisfying meal that keeps your blood sugar and insulin levels low and under control plus if your morning is rushed or you are practicing intermittent fasting in the morning and need a late breakfast that is easy to transport you can make the hard-boiled eggs and dipping sauce the night before and then just grab and go in the morning vegetables can be a part of a keto diet you just have to know which vegetables to choose non-starchy vegetables are lower in carbohydrates than starchy vegetables and i have a video that breaks down which vegetables fit into which category if you want the full breakdown however you can get in the ballpark by thinking of starchy vegetables as those that tend to be heavy and dense like potatoes corn and butternut squash non-starchy vegetables on the other hand are light and airy making them a perfect choice for a salad and this brings us to our lunchtime salad that is included in this keto menu now all varieties of lettuce are low in calories and carbs but they provide you with a lot of hunger satisfying volume for instance this salad has three cups of salad greens that only add 38 calories and four and a half grams of carbs three of which are fiber including a salad in your daily keto diet also supplies you with a perfect vehicle for bringing healthy fats into your daily diet adding fat to your diet helps your body transition away from a primarily carb burning metabolism to a fat burning metabolism so for this salad i added three tablespoons of feta cheese crumbles two tablespoons of walnuts and one tablespoon of raw sunflower seeds and one and a half tablespoons of full fat dressing those salad toppers added more than 30 grams of fat to the day's menu if you are new to keto thinking about getting started or you hit a rut with your keto diet i encourage you to include a daily salad like this one the volume and high fat content will work together to keep hunger away allowing you to go longer between meals and that is something that you want if weight loss is your goal because it allows your blood sugar and insulin levels to drop to a point where fat release from body fat is encouraged any meat or fish will be low in carbohydrates so the great thing about a keto or low carb lifestyle is that you can eat at a restaurant as easily as eating at home for this demonstration i'm using fish specifically cod but i could have just as easily included chicken or steak for this keto meal plan to make this keto cod recipe i preheated the oven to 400 degrees fahrenheit and placed one pound of cod filets in a baking dish with one tablespoon each of avocado oil and lemon juice i then seasoned the fillets with a tablespoon of basil and a dash of salt and pepper and that is really all you need to do with a firm white fish like cod but for this recipe i topped the fillets with slices of tomato and a sprinkle of grated parmesan cheese before placing them in the oven for about 20 minutes and here again you can download all of these recipes by visiting my blog post at drbeckyfitness.com they are free to download and include the metric measurements for those of you outside of the us as well as the calories and macros so you can make this full day of keto eating today if you would like to now one thing about fish is that it is not particularly high in fat each serving of this recipe contains just over 5 grams of fat because my dinner entree is low in fat i am adding fat to it with tartar sauce when you follow a keto diet something you need to look out for is condiments and sauces many of them contain sugar and high fructose corn syrup that can sabotage your weight loss and knock you out of ketosis fortunately you can whip up homemade tartar sauce with just three ingredients that you may already have in your kitchen i made this recipe by stirring together a quarter cup of full fat mayonnaise one tablespoon of dill relish and one teaspoon of lemon juice a serving which is 1 4 of the recipe adds 12 grams of fat to our keto dinner i'm also adding more vegetables and boosting the fat content of this keto meal with bacon roasted brussels sprouts you've heard it said that bacon makes everything better well that is certainly true with brussels sprouts you want to select a good quality bacon that doesn't contain added sugar or similar items like maple syrup because those things will add carbohydrates to your meal to make this recipe i used a pound of brussels sprouts i cut them in half and drizzled a half a tablespoon of avocado oil over them to allow the salt and pepper to stick i then added a quarter pound of chopped bacon to the sprouts and put them in a 450 degree oven for about 30 minutes until they were slightly charred around the edges which is what really makes them delicious like my similar video where i shared a full day of eating a low-carb diet this keto video was made for youtube which is a broad audience the meals in front of me add up to just under 1200 calories which will be low for some but this works well for demonstration purposes because it's easier to add low carb high fat items rather than to subtract them when we break down the macros for this keto day of eating we see that it contains less than 25 total grams of carbohydrates making up about eight percent of the daily calories with just over 20 percent coming from protein and more than 70 percent of the day's calories coming from fat many of you will find this macronutrient breakdown allows you to lose weight and get into ketosis which is that state in which your body releases body fat to produce ketones however just eating keto for one day will not give you those results when you switch from a high carb diet to a keto diet you force your body to run on fatty acids and ketones rather than this transition is great but it takes time the world we live in is filled with carbohydrates so without a plan it can be hard to avoid temptations and stick with a keto diet long enough to gain the benefits if you would like to have a plan to follow you can check out my 21 day keto challenge during the challenge you'll eat a keto diet with daily menus containing no more than 25 total carbs you also get daily busy day plans and additional grab and go emergency suggestions so you can stay on track even when life gets too busy to cook and i will provide links to my 21 day keto challenge here in the video and below in the description area please subscribe to my channel and hit the bell icon to get a notification when my next video comes out thanks so much for watching and enjoy the rest of your day

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckygillaspy [19 likes]: Take our 21-Day Low Carb or Keto Challenge: https://drbeckyfitness.com/get-started-2/
  2. @kathyb1011 [8 likes]: Eggs with mayonnaise isn't my idea of breakfast.  I eat strawberries, 50g greek full fat yoghurt, 15g pecans, 8 hazelnuts and 10g home roasted slivered almonds.  It's delicious and low in carbs.  I am in ketosis but I eat less than 50g a day, usually around 42 or 43 g of NET carbs.  It works fine for me.
  3. @TheCallyjean [1 likes]: This was a while ago - it would be nice to see a revised video like this now 😊
  4. @zebonautsmith1541 [1 likes]: Knowing that carbs are the bad guy; why eat any at all?
  5. @booklassygarrahan3929: This is very helpful. Thank you.
  6. @Elainelovejoy: When you say ‘full fat’ salad dressings, does that mean Hidden Valley Ranch?  I love that stuff.  If not, do you have a good recipe for Ranch dressing?
  7. @rustybobn: Thanks!  I tried the egg dipping sauce today with chipotle pepper.  It was delicious!
  8. @AngelaGutierrez-xm8wd: @beckygillaspy should collaborate with @metobolicmind. Hoping you create more content.
  9. @khopotsomoso7742: I am diabetic and I am sensitive to carbs
  10. @cathysilva5011: I can’t wrap my head around mayonnaise and feta cheese not being bad for you, and bacon, what??
  11. @MyAdventuresInTheVillages: That salad looks yummy!
  12. @DTmillenium: I start today is very delicious ❤😂 THANK YOU 🙏 FOR
  13. @sadiqarehana7766: @beckygillaspy
Thank you doctor. What is substitute of bacons on keto diet? I am not a big fan of bacons.
  14. @pattiartuso1991: I always gain weight if my healthy fats over 50.
  15. @marijabertic1042: Šteta, nema hrvatskog jezika na popisu titlova, zašto ? 😢
  16. @Sal-h4n: Protein is way too low in these dishes, you’ll be so hungry
  17. @vanya2024-HCT: The dipping sauce is too much for my stomach. Eggs and low-fat cottage cheese, 1/2 cup works.
  18. @mikimikemike1: great show thanks
  19. @sunshinegirl1967: Does this diet work for a type 1 diabetic?  I actually am asking for a friend 😊
  20. @jasonprice9292: Is there long term side effects ?

- 5 Keto/Low Carb Tips for The Over 50 Crowd from 2 Fit Docs: Kind: captions Language: en a ketogenic diet is a good diet for young and old and if you are over 50 like me and you you have some established beliefs that you're battling against you might have some metabolic debt that you that you've accumulated over the years of poor dieting and they make weight loss a little bit more challenging in this video we're going to share 5 keto tips for those of us over the age of 50 so going back decades right the war on fat started back in the 70s early 70s I was a teenager back then yeah I was not quite okay here we closed the food pre-read came out in the 90s early 90s yeah so we had decades of learning that fat was bad you know right yeah right so we grew up with all these misconceptions right we grew up the thinking being taught that fat eating fat makes you fat number one so everything with low fat or no fat we learned that sugar eating sugar was required for energy right whose energy like that pills so when I was when I was a kid and like the seven days I would take remember those Smarties yeah little roll like the little plastic wrapper yeah so I would take those out on our property and like put them in my pocket and then like use them as like pep pills oh yeah energy I would like pretend that they're like energy pills like super go well and I remember underdog had to Heather had a super energy yeah wonderful smarty it is ringing it could've been smarty yeah yeah you know and kind of from that you know we were also told that breakfast was absolutely without a doubt the most important meal a day and you needed to eat a lot of carbs of breakfast yeah right so what we yeah when I we're growing up cereal for sure cereal yeah french toast pancakes waffles I mean all that stuff and you know that and not healthy cereal you know quote-unquote well your cereal your favorite was what was that with the yeah Captain Crunch with crunch berries yeah yeah blue-blue cereal and yeah but you know so that brings us to our first tip and it is that you can skip breakfast and and it's actually ketogenic diet or low carb diet and skipping breakfast intermittent fasting really do go hand-in-hand and they really work well for a lot of people and we see that in our comments underneath but I think the question that we often have over the age of 50 as well as is this really healthy or am I kind of just doing this and losing weight by losing my health at the same time I had done a video if you don't know I have a second youtube channel it's similar things that we talked about but a much more low carb when that on that but anyway I did a video on on intermittent fasting over the age of 54 women is it helpful or harmful and in that video I talked about a study a review study that came out in 2016 and so it was a review study so it was looking and collating on all of the studies that were done on women's health intermittent fasting and aging and the what they found was overwhelmingly positive results from these you know women as we age losing belly fat because of intermittent fasting muscle and joint health improvement reduction in depression even some of the studies that they brought into this review study talked about the positive effect against cancer in showing that intermittent fasting might even close off some pathways to certain cancers yeah so there may be some supportive evidence therefore you know following a ketogenic diet in those cases so we talked about all those misconceptions that we grew up with right so now we know right it's that that eating fat does not make you fat eating sugar is what makes you fat make sure instantly go up right which kind of takes us right into our next two points first one you should add some fat and specifically we're kind of talking like like personally what we would do is with our non starchy vegetables the things that we we saute or whatever you know adding some butter or adding some avocado oil or coconut oil and getting those good healthy fats in there and then it it's good in a number of ways having those fats in with those vegetables helped your body absorb the fat soluble vitamins that are in those vegetables so yeah yeah and you know we bring this up as a point to say that it is important to add fat because that is such a hard hard thing for us and keith was talking about sauteing you know vegetables in fact well if you're eating a salad you know we had grew up with the low-fat salad dressings and what's in a low-fat salad dressing to make it palatable sugar right put-put full fat salad dressing on and you'll actually be able to pull more of the fat soluble vitamins and minerals out right so obviously we're talking some vegetables or carbohydrates right right so that kind of takes us to point three that we need to avoid refined carbohydrates and we're talking about you know anything that gets refined the trigger always come from a plant so the more refining the more further away it gets from its natural state in that plant so in a plant the trigger molecules are typically kind of locked into the fibers so when you're eating a whole plant you know vegetable it is not that sugar is not going to get into your system you know super fast like it does if you're taking a TSP of sugar right and spiking your insulin which is going to again lead to that that fat deposition you know where you don't want it to be going on yeah and and I think this is important because as keto diet as low carb dieting starts to really get ahold which is a wonderful thing but now we're starting to see some food manufacturers come up with keto friendly foods and and these are not in their whole state anymore they've been been assessed maybe throw in some fiber so they can bring down that net carb you know which we talk about often but we won't get into here no but but that's that's really the point that we're looking at eat eat your carbs in in a hole in a whole state and that parlays into our fourth tip which is cook at home more often you will know what's in your food more often and and I will say you know we certainly aren't against going out to eat in fact we're probably leaving to go in about 15 minutes to go out you are our standing lunch date right standing 25 years 20 every Wednesday we've been married for 26 years all right well we'll talk about that at lunch might be our last lunch but that you know the the advantages that you do know what's what's in your food now when we do go out to eat and and when you were losing your 80 pounds you were very religious about checking the restaurant online before we went and we're in really picking what you're going to eat right most and and you can't do this with like your local kind of mom-and-pop restaurants unfortunately you have no idea they don't have any idea really but you know most of the larger chains have all this nutritional information available for you online and the menus you can look this stuff up before you go and you know we talked about you know restaurants you know what do they do you know to make their food more palpable right yeah what are they in the business of making good food how do you make food more palatable sure one ways add sugar so that always that always makes me think of McDonald's french fries McDonald's french fries are like to die for right I mean everybody loved Donald because they put sugar in the in the salt mix that they drink alone you know it's like so it's got everything you need right yeah just like boom right in there we're into your brain yeah so you really do have to watch things that you would absolutely not think that they they would put sugar in they will put sugar in the restaurant and you you know certainly kind of eat out on keto but you might want to check online first and that brings us to our last tip which is mindset matters you know we have gotten a lot of things ingrained over the years but the reality is that as we get over the age of 50 our metabolisms do change they are not what they were yeah but so so are our thoughts and expectations have to you know just be adjusted we you know you can reach monumental health at this age but we do have to be smart about it and also on my other channel I had done just recently a video on losing weight over 60 and it was a really a great video because the members of my freedom health weight loss coaching program came together and and provided me with some answers to some questions so I asked people over the age of 60 and one of the things that I asked our members was now that you're over no this is over 60 but over 50 counts to what are the specific challenges that you face so that it was really telling you no one had said you know you you have to get past the mindset of well this is just how it is for me you know I'm I'm kind of too old to change and another another lady had a really interesting thing on eating fat she said that I really had to get past the the thought of of allowing myself to eat fat and not eat low-fat everything but that took you know reprogramming an entire lifetime of mindset it goes against everything that we were when we were taught growing up and for most of our adult lives actually yeah yeah so there you go those are those are five tips I know it's you know it's a lot to wrap your head around if you kind of struggle with some of these concepts know that you're not alone oh my goodness we have you know in our freedom health program there are there's so many people that are over the age 50 60 even 70s and Beyond and they are getting success it is never too late it is a wonderful wonderful thing so if you're looking for a place for some camaraderie will point you to the freedom health program alright right now do you have anything that you good I guess we're good all right we'll see you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @cjcj6945 [9 likes]: You can have breakfast🥓🍳... just have it for lunch or dinner!!!👍😁
  2. @KetoCookbooksCorner [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing such valuable information!
  3. @littlecricket3140 [2 likes]: Good ole Cpt Crunch with crunch berries. Right on!
  4. @jimh3500 [1 likes]: I eat a lot of butter and olive oil. I really enjoy peppers and onions stir fried in coconut oil and I think it is an excellent little side dish with most of the protein and fat dishes I enjoy. 
Very nice, informative discussion here. Thank you 😎
  5. @hannah5245 [1 likes]: I’m 63. I switched fr low carbs, low fats, hi veggies only to figure my brain was screaming for fats!! I increased a little carbs because I was only 45 kg the same weight I was as a teenager!  I’m including grass fed butter, avocado oil (I don’t like the taste of the fruit tho), coconut oil, omega 3, nut/seed butters.  Sourdough bread only.  And including more salt . Sauerkraut. Coconut cider vinegar (a few times a week). All natural forms of vitamins.
  6. @FuseballistheDebil: I had the food pyramid in the mid 80s . Taught me dairy was vital. 😂
  7. @louisesimpson4966: Ok to skip breakfast
Add fat-oil,butter
Avoid refined carbs-sugar
Cook at home
Mindset matters
  8. @daisy3690: :thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc:
  9. @tinasavage674: I was a teenager in the seventies so I know where your coming from with learned eating habits . I've been 16/8 fasting for three months and only have lost 8 pounds I'm struggling with cutting out suger and coffee,tea ect without milk but have started counting carbs .it's crazy but I want the health benefits but I'm struggling to change my mindset .I'm not giving up and l know with practice and sensible changes I'll win
  10. @jpennturner: Hi,I am 75 and just been told I am prediabetic so I will be on ketogenic diet from now on!
  11. @deltyree55: Hope you 2 are doing good, I don't see any videos made in a couple years.
  12. @donnabyrd6368: crunch berries? yep then they made ooops. Thanks for all you information. It sure has helped me.
  13. @terryrafferty7559: The food industry killed my grandfather with margerine and crisco and my mother with lowfat and eating carbs six times a day. It really makes me very angry.
  14. @polderfischer8565: You are right! I had to throw everything overboard that i learned in my life about food and eating. Now - although i am cheating often - i lost 45 pounds and feel better.
Dont take seed oils!
  15. @shakengrain1942: Yes, keto is beneficial for post-menopausal women.  It is preventing endometrial hyperplasia (thickening of uterus with bleeding just like a period just when we thought all that stuff was over) from returning for me - the condition often becomes cancerous if left untreated. Progesterone decreases after menopause so the estrogen becomes dominant, so also taking maintenance/low-dose Provera (progesterone).  (Was on high dose Provera initially, until the lining shed, then I switched to keto and low-dose Provera).  Just had latest 6-month ultrasound to confirm the lining is still normal.  Thankful for my doctor and an alternative treatment because the "normal" treatment is a "D&C" surgery or hysterectomy.  It is all related and part of the female insulin resistance/estrogen dominance response along with PCOS/infertility from younger years.  I wish we understood back then what we know now about the full metabolic syndrome -- it is systemic.  My life would have been so much different if we had known all this sooner.
  16. @timwhalan6417: 👍🏻🥦👏
  17. @J-ZIM: cute doggy. Thx for the good tips on Keto
  18. @gerardbrown7879: your dog is a cutie. He/she favors mama , sorry Keith,lol
  19. @gerardbrown7879: Thank you both for sharing your journey with us. Keith I completely feel your pain. Unfortunately we are in the same boat with a messed up metabolism. But you inspire me to continue on improving my health. God bless you both for being so transparent and willing to give your testimony.
  20. @Handsoflight7766: Skip breakfast 3-5 days a week and when you do eat it a couple of eggs and spinach with avocado and cheese or bacon.  If that’s not enough skip 2 meals as it gives time to your body to use up your extra glucose and insulin.  Eating fatty fish a few times a week at least with butter or healthy (avocado, olive, coconut) oil, lots of greens everyday, I actually make egg and tuna or salmon cupcakes for breakfast at times, so many recipes online. Deglaze and Use cream for gravy in the pan you made your meat in.  No grain flours at all.

- Anti Inflammatory Diet - Sample Menu & Recipes [Low Carb and Keto]: Kind: captions Language: en-US Inflammation is part of your body's natural immune response. However, there is a difference between the short-term inflammatory response that happens when your body is healing a cut or infection and long-term chronic inflammation resulting from a poor diet. Chronic inflammation is the root cause of many diseases and starts to show itself in a variety of ways. If you are bothered by aches, pains, fatigue, depression, anxiety, and unexplained weight gain, an anti-inflammatory diet is worth your while. This video shows you which foods to eat and how to put them together for a full day of eating. [Intro Music] If we peel away all of the layers to get to the root cause of diet-related inflammation, we see that much of the problem lies with processed, packaged, or fast foods and sweetened drinks, like soda. These items are easy and convenient, but you cannot outrun the health consequences of a diet focused on them. No one's diet is perfect, but by switching your food choices to those that limit inflammation, you give your body what it needs, and in return, you get the health and weight control you want. Foods that contain antioxidants, vitamins and minerals, unrefined carbohydrates, monounsaturated fats, and omega-3 fatty acids are at the top of the list when it comes to anti-inflammatory foods. These foods include things like Vegetables, Berries, Avocados, Raw Nuts & Seeds, Extra Virgin Oils, Wild-caught Fish, Spices, Tea, and Dark Chocolate. From this list, we can create a sample menu for a full day of eating. In the morning, you can break your overnight fast with a Pepper and Mushroom Omelet A Salad topped with Salmon, Walnuts, and Vegetables makes a good anti-inflammatory lunch. If a snack is desired, a Blueberry & Avocado Smoothie provides a rich dose of antioxidants. You can round out your day with a dinner of Baked Chicken with Homemade Mexican Cauliflower Rice. And, a couple of squares of Dark Chocolate and a cup of Green Tea allow you to enjoy dessert without promoting inflammation. Let's go over how to make this menu doable and how you are benefitting from each of these You can start your day with a two-egg omelet filled with a quarter cup each of chopped green pepper and mushrooms; cooked in a tablespoon of avocado oil. Peppers and mushrooms contain antioxidants. Antioxidants are compounds that protect your cells from being damaged by unstable molecules called free radicals. Cooking your omelet in a heat-resistant oil, like avocado oil, adds to the anti-inflammatory effect that you are after. When cooking, you want to avoid unstable, polyunsaturated oils, like vegetable oil or soybean oil, because they degrade when exposed to heat. Choosing extra virgin oil is also a step in the right direction. Extra virgin means that the oil is from the first extraction, which contains more antioxidants and helpful compounds than regular oil. Eggs, by themselves, are not classified as anti-inflammatory foods but can be included in the day's menu for most people. If eggs are not something you tolerate, you can swap the omelet for the smoothie or skip breakfast to practice intermittent fasting. I will discuss the smoothie after we look at lunch. Also, I put all of these recipes together for you in a blog post. So, if you want to create this menu in your home, you can download the recipes at DrBeckyFitness.com/anti-inflammatory-menu For lunch, you can enjoy a large salad topped with five ounces of wild-caught salmon, a couple of tablespoons of walnuts, tomatoes, and assorted non-starchy vegetables. For salad dressing, a simple olive oil and vinegar dressing can be mixed up at home. The typical ratio for oil to vinegar is 3 to 1. For instance, you can mix three teaspoons of oil with one teaspoon of vinegar for a quick salad dressing. For a bit of flavor, I like to stir in a small amount of Dijon mustard. Salmon is a fatty fish that provides a good source of inflammation preventing omega-3 fatty acids. If you are not much for cooking or looking for a quick lunch, you can use packaged wild-caught salmon. Walnuts not only enhance the flavor and crunch of the salad, but they also provide healthy fats that help your body absorb the fat-soluble vitamins in the vegetables. Tomatoes are high in lycopene, which is an antioxidant that gets a lot of praise for its anti-inflammatory properties. For vegetables, you can choose any non-starchy vegetables that you enjoy. Chopped broccoli and dark leafy greens are good choices. Broccoli is a type of cruciferous vegetable. Vegetables from this family have been shown to play a role in cancer prevention. Dark leafy greens, such as kale or spinach, are rich in antioxidants, vitamins, and minerals but low in calories. So, you can fill a large salad bowl with 2 to 4 cups of leafy greens to get a lot of satisfying volume that will take a long time to digest, keeping hunger away. If hunger returns, you can fuel your body with an anti-inflammatory smoothie. A smoothie is a fun food that you can pack with beneficial ingredients. For instance, you can whip up an anti-inflammatory smoothie by placing half of an avocado and a half cup of frozen blueberries into a blender along with a cup of almond milk, a handful of spinach, and a tablespoon of almond butter. Almond milk is a non-dairy milk. Dairy is not an issue for everyone, but some people do not tolerate it, so we are omitting dairy from this anti-inflammatory sample menu. Almond butter can be included, but avoid almond butter with added sugar or soybean oil. The two anti-inflammatory stars of this smoothie are avocado and berries. Avocados are a great source of healthy fats and minerals that your body needs, like potassium and magnesium. Berries are a rich source of inflammation-fighting antioxidants. They are also lower in carbohydrates than many fruits, making berries a good way to add a touch of sweetness to a low carb diet. Our sample menu dinner included 6 ounces of chicken with a one cup serving of seasoned cauliflower rice. Like eggs, chicken is not classified as an anti-inflammatory food but can work for your full day of eating. When choosing an entr e for an anti-inflammatory diet, higher quality meats are the best choice. If it is feasible for you, look for grass-fed meats with no hormones or antibiotics and avoid convenience meats, like lunch meats, hot dogs, and similar processed items. Dinner does not need to be complicated. Chicken can be seasoned with salt and pepper and baked in the oven. If you do not have time to cook, you can pick up a pre-cooked rotisserie chicken at your local grocery store. For a side dish, you can prepare Mexican cauliflower rice on the stove. Cauliflower is a cruciferous vegetable, like broccoli that we discussed earlier. For convenience, you can pick up a one-pound bag of frozen cauliflower rice at your local grocery store and cook it with a couple of tablespoons of avocado oil to get it tender. Cauliflower rice can be spiced up in many ways. For this side dish, I used a homemade taco seasoning mix with added turmeric. Most spices contain compounds that benefit your health. Turmeric gets extra attention because it is a source of an inflammation-fighting antioxidant called curcumin. You can download this Mexican cauliflower rice recipe and all of the recipes I have discussed for free on my website DrBeckyFitness.com/anti-inflammatory-menu. A couple of squares of Dark Chocolate and a cup of tea can be enjoyed to wind down after dinner. Dark chocolate contains antioxidants. However, the chocolate must contain at least 70% cacao and limit added sugar to reap the health benefits. If your dark chocolate bar has sugar listed as one of the top three ingredients, it does not give you the inflammatory protection you are after. Tea is a non-caloric drink that gets a lot of praise as a healthy beverage. Green tea is the most extensively studied tea for its beneficial effects on inflammatory diseases. Its praise is partly due to the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of compounds in green tea, like EGCG. If you watch my channel, you have heard me refer to tea as a stopper. A stopper is a food, drink, or activity that allows you to separate from the act of eating. Hot tea takes a long time to sip, allowing your body time to tell your brain that you are full. Therefore, having a cup of tea after dinner is not only a way to control inflammation but also a way to prevent overeating. This full day of eating provides just over 1,500 calories and only 56 grams of carbohydrates, which works perfectly for low carb dieters. It is a sample menu, to show you how to combine anti-inflammatory foods. The calories can be adapted to suit your needs by changing the portion sizes. All of the recipes are available on my blog. You can visit DrBeckyFitness.com/anti-inflammatory-menu. I hope this helps you jumpstart healthy eating. For more videos like this, be sure to subscribe to my channel before you go. Have a great day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @manonstovel [15 likes]: What an EYE OPENER!!  I followed your stop eating 3 hours before bed, then fast until noon, plus your 0, 1, 2...., eating plan and wow!  I noticed a difference in a week!!  I am over 50, and it has been difficult to slime my waistline - but this worked.  Thank you!!!
  2. @beckygillaspy [5 likes]: Get the Full Recipes Here: http://www.drbeckyfitness.com/anti-inflammatory-menu
Keith is happy and healthy! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdoYSgaAQpe4UW778jUAi0A/community
  3. @ShaunaLeesSnackidies [3 likes]: Finally, someone who knows their facts, yes! Totally agree to all, thank you! Delicious too 😋 ❤
  4. @Breezeyogi [1 likes]: Absolutely outstanding information and presentation!!!   Click:  new sub.
  5. @pennypate274 [1 likes]: Thank you for the recipes love all your information!! Do you have book and on anti- inflammatory diet?
  6. @JacquiQ [1 likes]: I am completely overwhlemed by what to eat and what not to eat to stop my chronic pain and fatigue etc..which I have had for 20 years. People say cut out dairy. Cut out eggs, Cut out grains,. Cut out sugar. Cut out gluten. Cut out nuts. Cut out fruit. Cut out starchy vegies. Cut our nightshade vegies. It is all very well but then eating like this - virtually nothing but vegies and meat/fish with some oil and coconuts - but it makes my stomach so upset. I need soft foods, so I go back to the cheese and the coconut yoghurt and the pureed apple and the bananas. I just cannot beat this pain with diet changes. Then when you do go and eat something else you have a huge reaction to it. If I fast sometimes its good, then sometimes I absolutely crash. Nothing ever seem sot work no matter what I try.
  7. @EssyGonzales1955 [1 likes]: Hi Becky, are oats good for weight loss?
  8. @patriciamoore-rx4xo [1 likes]: I thought peppers and tomatos cause inflamation.
  9. @michellemeuleman385: I feel sick if I consume to much turmeric, I’ve already tried it.
  10. @michellemeuleman385: I’m in pain 24 /7 everything I take never works.. I wake up every morning early because of pain. My spine, pelvis, hands shoulders, plus constant headaches from occipital neuralgia nerve pain in my neck. I’m 70 now, and pain getting worse as I age . I’m exhausted from this pain. I’m desperate for a cure. Not one doctor or pain management specialist or specialist can help. Just useless medicine that don’t work 100% . But if I didn’t use those meds then my pain goes off the charts. Wish I knew what I’m doing wrong ?
  11. @Shea-zt4qv: I thought peppers and tomatoes cause inflammation
  12. @user-zb5vx1wl9u: Do you have any tips on what to eat for tendinitis in arm?
  13. @spartacusjonesmusic: Looks great on paper. However, I find that I sleep MUCH better with carbs as part of my evening meal. Have experimented with  low carb and carnivore. Both resulted in poor sleep. Thoughrts? Thanks!
  14. @NanaMTandPony: Peppers are a nightshade plant and can increase pain for people with autoimmune disorders...
  15. @ryan-c-U: The two anti inflammatory diet books I've read, studied, and used says eggs are definitely an absolute no no. I know you said eggs are "optional" but I think everyone touting this diet out there needs to be on the same page. Also many of the vegetables and fruits, especially berries and the dark chocolate "dessert" are high in oxalates, which can cause all kinds of inflammatory issues and kidney stones. Also almonds, walnuts, and cashews are probably not a good idea for around 5% of the population due to tree nut allergies.
  16. @heartsmyfaceforever8140: Extra virgin does not mean it’s  the first to be extracted.  It’s 2024.  Oils are extracted by machine in one step.   It means no heat processes were use in the extraction of the oil which doesn’t mean much given the temperatures of the machinery and the climate of the places Olive  oils are processed .
Please don’t spread misinformation
  17. @nancyposluszny6504: Great video with helpful information.  I appreciate that you speak clearly and slow enough so that I can take notes.  Do you have a book recommendation regarding; the benefits of an anti inflammatory diet, anti inflammatory foods and recipes?  I prefer to shop on Amazon.  Thank you.
  18. @jedaholmberg3211: Tomatoes are a nightshade like peppers, potatoes and eggplant.Get them out of there!
  19. @TatsuyaWow: 1500 kcal is to low
  20. @tracieupdike2214: The biggest challenge is animal proteins cause inflammation to sky rocket.

- Zero Carb Food List that Keeps Keto and Ketosis Simple: Kind: captions Language: en The one golden rule in a keto diet is to keep carbs low. This doesn't just mean cutting out bread, pasta and grains, it means truly giving your eating habits a hard reset. Perhaps one of the most daunting elements of the keto diet for people can be the idea that they have to count every single carb. We do encourage you to track your macros and be mindful of your carb intake. But there is one simple strategy that helps to clear up any confusion around how much of what foods you should and shouldn't be eating: choose mostly keto-friendly foods that have little to no net carbs. There are so many low - and no-carb options, you have hundreds of delicious options to choose from! To help simplify things and make your keto journey as easy as possible, we've put together the ultimate list of zero-carb foods for you to enjoy. Before we begin, it's important to note that nearly every kind of food has some sort of trace carbohydrate content. When we say "zero carbs," we are talking about foods and beverages that contain less than one gram of net carbs per serving, and foods that aren't usually consumed in large enough quantities to negatively affect your daily carb consumption. Now, let's take a look at zero-carb foods, starting with meats: Beef, fowl and pork are familiar meats that provide you with protein. Less common types of meats, like veal, lamb, game meats, including venison and elk, and exotic meats, can help add variety and interest to your meals. Organ meats can be a good choice, too, but just be aware that liver contains glycogen, a source of net carbs. When possible, seek out grass-fed and pasture-raised meats. While it's typically best to avoid processed meats, cured and dried meats, like bacon, salami, hot dogs, deli meats, jerky and canned meats are fan favorites on the keto diet that can used on occasion. However, you must read the ingredients list and put back anything containing dextrose, starch, sugar, high fructose corn syrup, or maltodextrin. Always try to buy all-natural processed meats that contain carb-free ingredients. Fresh and tinned seafood, many of which contain beneficial omega-3 fatty acid, are another great source of protein. White flaky fish like cod, flounder, sole and haddock, are tasty, as are fattier, more flavorful fish, like salmon, tuna, halibut, swordfish, sardines, Spanish mackerel, trout and others. We've found that the healthiest option is to buy wild caught salmon and sardines, canned or fresh without any other ingredients. While we recommend against frequent and habitual snacking, we all need snacks from time to time. Even though so many on-the-go bites you once relied on are now off the table, there are so many keto snacks to take their place! Of the bunch, those with the lowest carbs include: pepperoni slices, keto pork rinds, bone broth, smoked fish, canned fish, canned meat, preserved meat products, like jerky, biltong, pemmican and meat sticks, and seaweed. For a more comprehensive look at good keto snacking habits, check out the Ruled.me article titled, "50+ Healthy Keto Snacks to Help with Ketosis." Healthy fats are the cornerstone of a balanced keto diet. Zero carb fats, like extra-virgin olive oil, grass-fed butter and ghee, coconut oil, MCT oil, avocado oil, and animal fats (like lard) are ingredients you should be reaching for at almost every meal. Vegetable, seed, and nut-based oils are unstable when exposed to high heat and can release toxins. We suggest avoiding these. Your spice cabinet is likely packed with flavor enhancers that are virtually carb-free! Avoid any spice blends with added sugars, of course, and instead, try salt and black pepper, dried oregano, rosemary, thyme, basil, chives and dill. Chili powder, curry powder and cinnamon may contain higher traces of carbs and should be used a bit more sparingly. Some condiments, like sugar-free hot sauces and mustard can also add tons of flavor with hardly any carbs at all. While all sugars are cut out from a keto diet, there are plenty of ways to add a hint of sweetness to the dishes we prepare. Zero-carb sweeteners include liquid stevia, monk fruit extract or blends, erythritol and liquid sucralose. Just be sure to choose products, either liquid or solid, that contain no other additives like maltodextrin. For a more comprehensive list of sweeteners, watch our video on keto-friendly sweeteners. Zero-carb drinks are available almost anywhere you go! There is water and sparkling water, of course, as well as black coffee and unsweetened tea. Sugar-free and carb-free energy drinks, diet drink mixes or drink enhancers, and diet soda and other diet drinks, without any added sugar, also count. Keep in mind that for some people, drinking sweeter drinks can trigger sugar cravings in the long-term. When it comes to alcohol, those following the keto diet need to proceed carefully. Some alcoholic drinks have virtually no net carbs, but alcohol will slow fat burning while your body processes it. We suggest limiting your alcohol intake to one drink per day and choosing spirits like gin, unflavored rum, unflavored vodka, whiskey, tequila, scotch, bourbon, brandy or cognac. Always be careful about added carbs in the alcohol you are drinking. For more on keto drinks, see the Ruled.me article, "Complete Guide to Keto Drinks and Beverages." We hope that our guide to zero-carb foods helps to clarify some of the best things you should be reaching for as you continue on your keto journey. For more information and resources on what you should and shouldn't eat on a keto diet, visit Ruled.me and check out the guide titled, "Ketogenic Diet Food List: Everything You Need to Know" alongside our other videos. Thanks for so much for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @RuledMe [227 likes]: Please note that this video is specifically for ZERO carb items. If you're looking for a general food list for keto, this video will help out more: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKhlbgqhNWs
  2. @carolineleiden [1 likes]: I don't need to lose weight. But only unprocessed food, no sugar and no white flour does the trick for me, healthwise.
  3. @TipTop-rt6wu [1 likes]: Advice please how to avoid loose skin on keto diet ?
  4. @michellerosenfeld8279 [1 likes]: Too much meat for me. Isn’t anyone concerned with cholesterol levels?
  5. @starsgazer1000 [1 likes]: Diet sodas are one of the worst things to drink.  It tastes sweat  so the body is anticipating glucose to come.  Therefore the body pumps out insulin.  But when still no glucose comes, the body sends out the hungry hormone which leads you to consume more calories.  So diet sodas are actually fattening.
  6. @doloresdrury8018: The best food to eat is Air and Water.
  7. @ColonelBen: If youre here looking for something yummy you can have on keto i have a recipe. cut cheddar cheese a quarter inch thick into bites and bake at 400 for 5 min, BOOM high protein low carb cheese crackers !!  NOTE: dont add salt, and pull them before they burn.
  8. @jfish67: Where are eggs? Cheese?
  9. @ianfhtagn1349: What BS Spices like black Papper are ultradense in carbs 52g/100g.. and that adds up for only a bit of spice
I use chili Peppers for spice, that gieves more bang for the bucks
  10. @AustriAnka: Vegetables???
  11. @YorkieMaddie12345: Why is there no mention of cheese?
  12. @gerbelle90: You kind of remind me of a brunette Goldie Hawn 😊
  13. @carole2077: This list was not very helpful to me since I don’t eat meat. I do struggle to stay in ketosis without eating zero food.
  14. @TheEjack5: Where do nuts fit in?
  15. @georgefieldsjr.640: All this may not have carbs, but you Must watch CALORIES  to also stay on ketosis ( if i can only stay away from the snacks !)😂😂😂❤❤❤
  16. @davebryant8050: The first time  that it was ever suggested  to drink gin.  I think  I can get with this, regardless  of  what my first wife   thinks!
  17. @enamercedesguzmanmorales4088: I have question is keto diet ideal for a person with high cholesterol and high glucose because keto diet includes enhealthy food and too high in fat
  18. @swolgel1: Diet drinks have frucose and other things that end in ose so how can we drink this?
  19. @Izabela-u4q: Those are not foods..they are adds to foods
  20. @jeffdevine6387: sucralose and diet pop? far from healthy...

- What is CARB CYCLING FOR FAT LOSS + Meal Plan Tips & Tricks: Kind: captions Language: en what is carb cycling does it help with fat&nbsp; loss is it the right way for you to be eating&nbsp;&nbsp; what's the science behind it why is everyone&nbsp; talking about carb cycling and why it might&nbsp;&nbsp; be something you might want to or might not want&nbsp; to try to accelerate your fat loss results don't&nbsp;&nbsp; worry that's what i'm breaking down for you&nbsp; in today's video we are talking all about carb&nbsp;&nbsp; cycling i get this question from a lot of clients&nbsp; and you subscribers asking if you should be carb&nbsp;&nbsp; cycling to accelerate your fat loss i'm going to&nbsp; answer it all in this video for you today and of&nbsp;&nbsp; course make sure you watch this video all the way&nbsp; to the end because i'm going to break down what a&nbsp;&nbsp; high carb day and what a low carb day of eating&nbsp; might look like for you as well as a special&nbsp;&nbsp; bonus for you guys the subscribers to help you if&nbsp; you want to try carb cycling i'm going to try and&nbsp;&nbsp; keep this video really short and straight to the&nbsp; point and not get too scientific on you guys but&nbsp;&nbsp; before we dive right in of course if you're new to&nbsp; my channel make sure you subscribe hit that bell&nbsp;&nbsp; to be notified because i've got new videos coming&nbsp; out every single week to help you on your fitness&nbsp;&nbsp; and fat loss journey my name is michelle roots&nbsp; kinesiologist personal trainer nutrition coach&nbsp;&nbsp; and fitness and fat loss motivation specialist&nbsp; and this channel is all about helping you&nbsp;&nbsp; understand how to lose weight and feel great and&nbsp; keep it off long term through fitness and fat&nbsp;&nbsp; loss tips and of course if you find this video&nbsp; helpful make sure you give it a like and leave&nbsp;&nbsp; any questions in the comments below or share it&nbsp; with any of your friends and family that want to&nbsp;&nbsp; hear this information okay let's get right into&nbsp; the main topic carb cycling what is carb cycling&nbsp;&nbsp; basically put simply it is days of eating higher&nbsp; carb and days of eating lower carb throughout the&nbsp;&nbsp; week most people usually plan higher carb days&nbsp; around their workouts so if you are working out&nbsp;&nbsp; three days a week four days a week five days a&nbsp; week those days that you are training especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are strength training those would be your&nbsp; higher carb days and your rest days or maybe the&nbsp;&nbsp; days where you're just doing conditioning or&nbsp; steady state cardio you would make those your&nbsp;&nbsp; lower carb days some people even carb cycle on&nbsp; any given day so they're only eating their carbs&nbsp;&nbsp; around their workouts and the rest of their day is&nbsp; going to be lower carb so why would someone want&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that why will carb cycling actually help&nbsp; with fat loss i'm going to start by saying there&nbsp;&nbsp; are not a lot of research studies done on carb&nbsp; cycling however i will break down for you what&nbsp;&nbsp; carb cycling has been found to do and the idea&nbsp; behind what it does and why it could be effective&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so we all know that low carb or no carb diets&nbsp; can be very effective for fat loss that has been a&nbsp;&nbsp; common trend for a very long time and that's where&nbsp; carbs have gotten a bad name when it comes to&nbsp;&nbsp; eating if you are looking to lose weight however i&nbsp; talk about this all the time on this channel that&nbsp;&nbsp; carbs are not evil and you should be eating carbs&nbsp; in order to achieve muscle gain and fat loss and&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to know more about why carbs are great&nbsp; check out this video i posted just a few weeks ago&nbsp;&nbsp; talking all about the best carbs for fat loss and&nbsp; why carbs are actually good for our body so why&nbsp;&nbsp; are we carb cycling the idea behind a carb cycling&nbsp; situation is where you're getting higher carb&nbsp;&nbsp; days and lower carb days where you're actually&nbsp; getting the benefits of that low carb diet but&nbsp;&nbsp; by adding in higher carb days you're getting the&nbsp; benefits of carbohydrates being in your system&nbsp;&nbsp; on your training days and in the end it is more&nbsp; sustainable long term so one of the main biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; problems with low carb or zero carb diets is it's&nbsp; not sustainable long term for most people the&nbsp;&nbsp; average person is not able to eat zero carbs or&nbsp; very low carb for a really long time so by cycling&nbsp;&nbsp; your carbs throughout the week it makes it a lot&nbsp; easier to stick to it so that's the first bonus of&nbsp;&nbsp; carb cycling is it's sustainable for a longer&nbsp; period of time because you're still getting the&nbsp;&nbsp; benefits of that low carb diet on the few days&nbsp; that you're eating lower carb also getting the&nbsp;&nbsp; benefits and the mental sustainability of still&nbsp; being able to eat and enjoy carbs cycling your&nbsp;&nbsp; carbs throughout the week can also help with&nbsp; hormone regulation again once you start eating&nbsp;&nbsp; in a calorie deficit of course the major key&nbsp; and king to weight loss if you want to know&nbsp;&nbsp; more about calorie deficit i talk all about&nbsp; it in these videos right here or you can check&nbsp;&nbsp; out even more videos on my channel i have a lot&nbsp; talking about calorie deficit because in the end&nbsp;&nbsp; weight loss and fat loss comes down to calories&nbsp; in versus calories up it's just another way of&nbsp;&nbsp; playing around with your calories because often&nbsp; when people are carb cycling they actually end&nbsp;&nbsp; up calorie cycling as well meaning you might be&nbsp; eating higher calorie on your high carb days and&nbsp;&nbsp; lower calorie on your low carb days that doesn't&nbsp; matter because in the end you are still going to&nbsp;&nbsp; end the week in that calorie deficit and of&nbsp; course that is the major key to fat loss so&nbsp;&nbsp; why do people eat higher carb on their workout&nbsp; days and then lower carb on their rest days so&nbsp;&nbsp; we need carbs to fuel us through our workouts&nbsp; carbohydrates are still the body's main fuel&nbsp;&nbsp; source they're stored as glycogen in your muscles&nbsp; and that will help push you through your workouts&nbsp;&nbsp; get stronger because you're able to push harder&nbsp; in the gym so you can get the benefits of those&nbsp;&nbsp; carbs now on your rest days you don't necessarily&nbsp; need all of that fuel source so you can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; trick your body into using fat as the fuel source&nbsp; now i'm also going to say one disclaimer here if&nbsp;&nbsp; you have never tracked your calories or tracked&nbsp; your macros i honestly suggest you don't start&nbsp;&nbsp; with carb cycling or if you do do kind of a light&nbsp; carb cycling where you're not trying to track&nbsp;&nbsp; everything i'm not going to talk in this video&nbsp; into detail about how many grams of carbs you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be eating on your high carb and low carb&nbsp; days because again that depends on the type of&nbsp;&nbsp; training you're doing how long you're training for&nbsp; and every individual but if you are a beginner and&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't necessarily want to get too technical&nbsp; and you want to just try out carb cycling&nbsp;&nbsp; that is totally fine all you have to do is think&nbsp; okay monday wednesday friday are your training&nbsp;&nbsp; days you're gonna eat a little bit more carb with&nbsp; your breakfast and with your lunch and your dinner&nbsp;&nbsp; on those three days and then on your tuesday&nbsp; and thursday your rest days you are going to eat&nbsp;&nbsp; less carbs so you're gonna eat higher protein and&nbsp; higher fat with just a little bit of card and then&nbsp;&nbsp; just play around with that and do it consistently&nbsp; for three weeks four weeks and see how you feel&nbsp;&nbsp; so there you go that is the basic principle&nbsp; behind carb cycling and if it's something you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to try all you can do is try it out again&nbsp; i'm gonna state there is no magic pill for fat&nbsp;&nbsp; loss or weight loss it is what works best for you&nbsp; this is not a fad diet this is not a keto diet&nbsp;&nbsp; this is not anything like that is just following a&nbsp; basic principle of eating higher carb around your&nbsp;&nbsp; workouts lower carb on your days off and you can&nbsp; try it out for you and as long as it is something&nbsp;&nbsp; you can stick to for a really really long time&nbsp; like i'm talking a year plus consistently then&nbsp;&nbsp; it is a plan that works for you but if it's too&nbsp; complicated or you find yourself um tracking your&nbsp;&nbsp; macros and you're you're trying to hit targets and&nbsp; you're again building that unhealthy relationship&nbsp;&nbsp; with food because if you're on a lower carb day&nbsp; and you really start to crave carbs and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; oh and now i can't have carbs because it's a lower&nbsp; carb day and you're it's not benefiting you in a&nbsp;&nbsp; way that you're not having a healthy relationship&nbsp; with food i would say it's not necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; the best plan for you because again the key to&nbsp; long-term fat loss success is meaning you lose&nbsp;&nbsp; the weight and you actually keep it off long term&nbsp; is building a healthy relationship with food if&nbsp;&nbsp; you are coming out of a situation where you don't&nbsp; necessarily have a healthy relationship with food&nbsp;&nbsp; i would suggest just going into a calorie&nbsp; deficit and eating everything in moderation&nbsp;&nbsp; and learning more about the foods that you put in&nbsp; your body your macronutrients your micronutrients&nbsp;&nbsp; binge watch my channel i've got all kinds of&nbsp; videos to help you with that because in the end&nbsp;&nbsp; that is the most important if you are looking to&nbsp; dive more into carb cycling as promised i'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to go through a basic day of what carb cycling&nbsp; might look like so here's an example of what you&nbsp;&nbsp; might eat on a low carb day okay low carb day one&nbsp; we've got a breakfast frittata veggie muffin so&nbsp;&nbsp; three muffins 285 calories 24 grams of protein&nbsp; snack one we've got a strawberry protein shake&nbsp;&nbsp; 38 grams of protein lunch we've got protein&nbsp; wraps so those are lettuce wraps you've got&nbsp;&nbsp; 235 calories and 23 grams of protein snack two&nbsp; handful of almonds about 23-ish almonds that's&nbsp;&nbsp; only 160 calories six grams of protein and 13&nbsp; grams of fat and for dinner we've got grilled&nbsp;&nbsp; wild salmon with quinoa and edamame so again lower&nbsp; carb and higher protein so that's something that&nbsp;&nbsp; a lower carb so again we're not completely cutting&nbsp; out carbs we're just prioritizing our proteins and&nbsp;&nbsp; our fats on those days and then we can look&nbsp; at what a higher carb day might look like&nbsp;&nbsp; okay here's an example of what a high carb day&nbsp; might look like breakfast we've got no bake oats&nbsp;&nbsp; 300 calories and 40 grams of carbs with 24 grams&nbsp; of protein we've got a chocolate peanut butter&nbsp;&nbsp; banana smoothie so we've got the banana in there&nbsp; that is giving you a bit more carbs than on your&nbsp;&nbsp; low carb day so 36 grams of carbs and 22 grams of&nbsp; protein again we are still prioritizing protein&nbsp;&nbsp; but we're just eating a little bit higher&nbsp; carb than we did on the low carb day&nbsp;&nbsp; lunch we've got a honey dijon chicken snack wrap&nbsp; so we've got 30 grams of carbs 25 grams of protein&nbsp;&nbsp; and 280 calories and snack two we've got a pb and&nbsp; j rice cakes and another protein shake so 41 grams&nbsp;&nbsp; of carbs there and only 280 calories and then for&nbsp; dinner we've got what we call breakfast for dinner&nbsp;&nbsp; so an egg white frittata with feta spinach and&nbsp; mushrooms so there you go guys that's just a quick&nbsp;&nbsp; example and that's actually from my 21 day carb&nbsp; cycle meal plan example so this is experimental&nbsp;&nbsp; meal plan showing you how to carb cycle of course&nbsp; a more in-depth explanation about carb cycling&nbsp;&nbsp; how to calculate how many calories you should be&nbsp; eating for fat loss as well as how many grams of&nbsp;&nbsp; carbs you should be eating on your high carb days&nbsp; and your low carb days i show you how to calculate&nbsp;&nbsp; that for yourself as well as a sample grocery list&nbsp; or sample low carb days for sample high carb days&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as swap outs for vegetarians and a whole&nbsp; bunch of sample recipes for breakfast snacks&nbsp;&nbsp; lunch dinner that are high carb and low carb that&nbsp; you can eat whether you are carb cycling or not&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want access to that carb cycling guide&nbsp; click the link in the description below to check&nbsp;&nbsp; it out there you go guys i tried to keep it as&nbsp; short and as simple and straight to the point&nbsp;&nbsp; as possible again i stress there is no magic&nbsp; pill this is just one of the tools that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can use on your fat loss journey you can make&nbsp; the decision if it's right for you thanks so&nbsp;&nbsp; much for watching guys again i really hope this&nbsp; was helpful and i'll see you guys next week you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwglista [25 likes]: I agree with most of this, although the part about “unhealthy relationship with food” I don’t quite agree with.  Sometimes it really is as simple as “no pain no gain”.  Need to stop thinking about food as something you have a relationship with, it’s merely there to nourish our bodies.  Sooner you can come to that realization, the sooner you can start to treat food as a tool to accomplish your goals.
  2. @MichelleRoots [11 likes]: I hope this quick explanation on carb cycling was helpful!! Get my Carb Cycling Guide and Sample Meal Plan Here: https://michelleroots.com/work-with-me/
  3. @PunksterStudio [4 likes]: A diet without  pork is not a healthy relationship with food in my book
  4. @thetruthbetold961 [4 likes]: Looking at the amount of calories taken in each day, I don't see that it matters what you eat nutritionally. It's the low calories that cause weight loss.
  5. @burninhell7555 [3 likes]: I find an increase of carbs on some days helps me get more prolonged, deeper sleep which my body often is very grateful for. And I always see a boost in my performance the following day. Carbs also help me increase my caloric intake because otherwise I don't always find food appealing enough to get adequate nutrition throughout the week (I'm a go go go type)
  6. @zeroone600 [1 likes]: I'm a old guy train whole body 3 day a week and interval train on bike  3 days need a simple diet diet program not much of a cook
  7. @lorraineshier7364 [1 likes]: If I lift weights 5 days a week, do I do high carbs on those days and low carbs on the next two days?
  8. @klm1239 [1 likes]: Hi! Thank you for this! Question! Ido high carbs 3times pee week and low(er) carbs  4times. I workout first thing in the morning-usually empty stomach. I do weights 3/week and I run 2/week. What training should I combine with my carbs????? 
Also**note I feel extremely weak when I train the upper body should I take in more carbs on upper body days or not go on empty stomach??? 
Thank you so much!!
  9. @G_32181 [1 likes]: what about if I do exercise early morning without eating anything? can I take more carb day in off day?
  10. @michaelblue3633 [1 likes]: 5:50 is GOSPEL
  11. @christianmommaofone9184 [1 likes]: Youtube channel epic mint leaves is fantastic at making nutrition and enjoyment a priority with food.
  12. @mrsjones3750 [1 likes]: Would you recommend doing carb cycling to improve insulin resistance?
  13. @dzmalekvali1110 [1 likes]: French kiss you from UK..I get heart bun when carbs 2hr before bed... I stopped it ..you made it simple you owned it beautiful..
  14. @kyliemcgary3063 [1 likes]: What kind of carbs
  15. @YouButter [1 likes]: Thanks
  16. @liracopeland8764 [1 likes]: That was very helpful!  Thank you Michelle!
  17. @inspiredKREASHUNS: What if you don’t work out?
  18. @robinhart1390: What if I’m 80% vegan and 20% fish and seafood? No meat or dairy.
  19. @robinhart1390: What about weekends?
  20. @nj_1970: Should I try even if age 53..need to lose about 12 more pds ..been doing keto and going through menopause .

- this NIGHT ROUTINE will *change your LIFE* | self care, wellness, healthy habits, overnight glow up: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Hello. I just got home. It's currently 7:33. I think it's a perfect time to start our night routine. I take my night time routine very seriously. It's not just taking a shower and then hopping into bed. Like, there's an art to perfecting a good nighttime routine. You know that you have a good nighttime routine when you wake up feeling better, not only physically, but also mentally. We're going to go over self-care, how to unwind so that you can actually get a good night's rest and basically glow up overnight. We've got lots to do, so let's get the ball rolling. >> [music] >> To start, I always like to get the vibes right. I like to create a little cozy ambiance in my room. I'm going to put my bag down. I literally started filming right when I got home. I turn all of the lamps on that I have in my room. I swear that lamps are just so much vibe. No white lighting. I love yellow lighting. Like yellow warm dim lighting really just calms [music] me down. We are not turning on our overhead lights. This is when I also like to light my candle. I have a candle warmer. You guys get yourself a candle warmer. Basically, I'll light it and then I'll go do my everything shower, my self-care, and when I come back, my room smells so [music] delicious. And then this is also when I like to play some music. Sometimes I'll do podcast, but I love some calming jazz and Bosnova. I feel like that really [music] just helps prep me for bed. I also take this time and put my phone on do not disturb because I don't want to be disturbed during my whole nighttime routine. I [music] think it's also so important to make a conscious effort of just not being on your phone a couple hours before bed. I'm honestly not great at this, but I'm trying to be better at not being on my phone as much. So, we're putting her on do not disturb [music] and not going on social media. I know that you guys also probably struggle with the same thing, but when you're scrolling in bed at night, you are not letting your brain rest. And when you start doom [music] scrolling, honestly, it's like over with. Now, it's time for the fun part. Let's head to the bathroom and go do our everything shower. I have had such a long day. I'm honestly so excited to get this everything shower started. The number one thing that we have to do is get this makeup off. I can't stand [music] having this makeup on any longer. So, to take off our makeup, we have to double cleanse. I just feel like my skin is not clean if I don't double cleanse. I think taking off your makeup sometimes, especially on the days where you're feeling really tired, can be a burden. But I don't like to think of it that way. Everything that I do in my night time routine, I want to be very intentional. I want to kind of just like romanticize taking care of yourself. I'm going to open up my little skin care cabinet so I can kind of show you guys what I like to use. First up in double cleansing, we want to go in with an oil cleanser. This is a Bioance cleansing oil. I really love this one. I just go in with a few pumps, massage this kind of like all around my face in circular motions. Make sure your face is dry, by the way. Don't do it when your face or your hands are wet. After just kind of go in and melt all the makeup, then I go in with a little bit of water and I emulsify the product. And then step two is using a foam cleanser. Let me go grab it. I love this one down. This one's a Mono Pure and Deep Cleansing Foam. This one makes my skin feel so squeaky clean. This is unreal. Trust and believe. Okay, my face is squeaky clean. The only thing that I use makeup wipes for is pretty much just my eyelids because I have like [music] DIY clusters. Pretty much just my eyelids because I have on DIY clusters and I just did the set today. So, I want to just make sure they last as long as possible. I swear by these Face Shop makeup wipes. These are the most gentle makeup wipes that you'll ever probably use. And now that my face is clean, I like to go in and brush my teeth before I hop in the shower. Oral hygiene is so important and it's very correlated to mental health. That doesn't just mean brushing my teeth. That also means flossing. I've been using this toothpaste that I'm obsessed with. Not only is it so cute, [music] like the packaging, I'm dying. I think this is a Korean brand. I'm honestly not sure. I got this in Korea, but they probably also sell it on Amazon. This is a Euthimal whitening toothpaste. Super super minty. I usually just use my crust, which I love my crust, but low key, I feel like this is kind of like a step up. Always use an electric toothbrush. Mine is from Phillips. Get that sucker in there. Brush for at least 2 minutes and then go in with floss. Some people like using water pickers because they're easier, but when I had a water picker, I don't know why I never really used it. I have an electric flosser and I do really like using that, but sometimes I just like using a traditional pick. Really up to you guys, but just make sure that you brush and you flo You guys know the drill. But whenever it comes to a slick back bun, a lot of gel and wax is used, which is why my hair looks like this. I'm going to use this clarify purifier. This is just from the rootless. You basically just want to kind of like apply it all throughout your scalp. I really like this one because you can apply it on dry hair. A lot of the other ones that I have, you have to have your hair wet. And then I'm just going to kind of massage it into my scalp. I'm using one of these. I think this is like a hair detangler, but I also find that this is pretty good when it comes to like massaging scalp. In the meantime, I'm going to kind of share with you guys everything that I use in my everything shower. We're going to first start with hair products. I have never heard this brand before, but I started using it recently, and I'm obsessed with this shampoo. This is the Cloud Weightless Nourishing Shampoo. I really like it because when it says weightless, it actually means weightless. There is nothing more that bothers me when a shampoo is so thick and heavy that I [music] feel like even after rinsing my hair for like 30 minutes, for some reason, when my hair is dry, I can still feel the shampoo residue. I do not like that at all. I feel like the shampoo really cleans my scalp nicely and it doesn't leave any weird residue and the smell is honestly really nice. I have so much shampoo and conditioner, you guys. I somehow always go back to the L'Oreal Glossing Ever Pure line. I've been pairing this shampoo with this conditioner and I've honestly been really liking it. I feel like it leaves my hair really soft and silky. If I do want a little hair mask moment, I've been using this one from Jiu. Smells delicious. Honestly, smells exactly like their oil. Their oil is also so good. If you guys haven't used it before, I'll just kind of put this on, wait maybe like 5 minutes, and then rinse this off. Once again, I have so many body washes. For some reason, I always go back to Ivory. This Ivory body wash smells so good. I want to say it smells like like a baby. I will just kind of take this on like a body scrubber, scrub my whole body down. If I want something a little bit more scented, like a warmer vanilla scent, then I go in with this salt hair. It smells super good. Honestly, I think a lot of body washes are kind of like the same. Personally, for me, it's kind of all about scent. And then I finish off with shower oil. We have the triedand-true Loxyon shower oil. Has the classic almond scent. I find that this one is like very buttery on the skin. Absolutely obsessed with this one. I have gone through I don't even [music] know how many of these. Genuinely, anything Lockxy Tone, you can't go wrong. Also love my Sod Janeiro shower oil down. This is a 59 fragrance. And if you know, you know. This smells so good. Smells like the body spray, smells like the body butter. And the reason why we use shower oils is because they're very hydrating. Unfortunately, winter is here. The weather's getting cold. My skin is getting dry as hell. So, anything that moisturizes and hydrates the skin, [music] please sign me up. It's been about 15 minutes. I'm going to hop in the shower, use all the products I just talked about, and I'll be back. Okay, guys. I'm out of the shower. I feel so clean. By the way, look at how cute this robe is. How adorable. It says it's Baby K. I also forgot to mention before I dry down, I use this Kylar. This is their vanilla verb in shower body oil balm. You want to put this on before you dry down and your skin's still wet. Your skin is going to feel so smooth after this. Okay, guys. We're feeling good. We're feeling clean. Now, we need to change into a good pair of pajamas. People don't believe me when I say that pajamas are worth splurging your money on. Honestly, it's fine. I'm trying to put you guys on. This one is probably my favorite pair that I own. It's from the brand called Egie. A Burgie. It's a very lightweight and stretchy material. Kind of reminds me of Skim. I will say Target pajamas also has a very similar material and feel. And ever since I've upgraded my pajamas and stopped wearing just like raggedy t-shirts to, I literally sleep better at night. Like look at how cute this is. I honestly kind of wish you guys could feel this material through the screen. It's [music] so soft. I also cannot stand being extremely hot and sweaty at night and I just feel like this is like the perfect material. Okay, while we're talking about how important pajamas are because they'll improve your sleep quality. Girl, the bed that you sleep on is the most important. I'm just going to be so for real with you guys. I need to upgrade my bedding. I do love her, but I've had her for years and there's like stains that I can't remove my pillows. Don't even get me started. I need new pillows so bad. I am so excited, you guys. Quint came to my rescue. She's a linen pipe duvet cover set in white. And I got two new pillows from Quinc. Thank you, Quint, for partnering with me. I love you guys down. Everything that I've ever got from Quint, I have loved. My mom has Quint's bedding. She loves them. Okay, guys. Let's go set her up. Had to put my hair up for this. I swear changing bedding is like a workout sometimes. I genuinely love everything from Quins cuz I feel like you're getting designer quality pieces but not for designer prices. And everything is also sustainable, which I love. Like I found out that this bedding is 100% European flax, which is basically a lot more sustainable and less resource intensive to grow, which I love that. Finally saying bye to these raggedy pillows. I'm not lying when I say I bought that one for $3. So, the pillows that I got from Quins are premium down alternative pillows. She's very, very fluffy. Guys, these genuinely feel like a hotel pillow. Oh my god, I'm going to get such good sleep today. Quinc has so much more stuff than just HomeGoods like bedding. They have clothing. They have travel items and accessories. Definitely check them out. Go to the link in my description. You'll get free shipping and 365day returns. Okay, obsessed is an understatement. My bed feels so comfy right now. Now, these pillows, you guys, these genuinely feel like hotel pillows. That's what I'm talking about. Best purchase of the year. Take this as a sign to invest in good [music] bed. I'm not going to lie, you guys. I am so tired. Like, I want to go to bed. But girl, we got to fix this up cuz what is going on here? Obviously, I'm going to be doing my overnight curls. So many of my friends recently have been asking how I do my overnight curls. So, hopefully this is going to help them. After I wash my hair, if my hair is still really wet, then I'll go in with a blowd dryer. But, I would say she's around like 90% dry, so we're good. I just went in with a Kerous Fortifying Serum. You are kind of supposed to put this on towel dry hair, but this stuff smells so good. I just work it into my scalp. So, I feel like I've talked a lot about how to do overnight curls, and if you've never tried them, take this as a sign because this will change your life. There's different kinds you can use. They have like the shorter rods. For some reason, I cannot get those to stay on my head for the life of me. So, I always go with the trusty. I honestly don't even know what these are called, but it's just like a really long piece of like rod with like foam in it. Part your hair in the middle. I like to take a claw clip, clip your hair into place. So, I take a small strand over under the next strand I take from the very back. Add it to my front piece. Go over again. Because we just took a piece from the back, now we take a piece from the front. And then we go over and under. Since we took a piece from the front, now we take a piece from the back. And then we go over under. And then you basically just want to do that same thing until you reach the very end. If this seems confusing at first, don't worry. Like, I feel like once you do it a few times, you really get the hang of it. This is so fast and easy. This will be curling your hair in the morning by like hours. You can sleep in. You don't have to wake up early. Okay, wait. That was the last piece. And then once you get to your last piece, you just want to keep on twirling it around the rod until you get to the very bottom. Take a little scrunchie and then just secure it. And then I like to just take it and then push it all the way up. Now I'm going to do the same thing on the other side and I'll come back. Now that we have both sides done, I'm going to take the back and then I'm basically just going to make a loose knot kind of like this. And then I like to take a little scrunchie and then just secure it so it doesn't fall out when I sleep. And then if you ever feel like it's a little bit too tight right here, you can just loosen it up a little. For my skincare, these are the products that I've been heavily using and always rotating. I genuinely cannot sleep well if I feel like I didn't do my nighttime skincare routine right. There's no better feeling in my opinion than going to bed feeling like a glazed donut because once you wake up in the morning, your skin will have already absorbed all the skincare and you're going to be thankful that you spent the time last night. Do your skincare. Starting with the Biom Milky Hydrating Toner. I feel like I've talked about this toner so many times. I'm going to go in with my newa PDRN serum. If you don't know, PDRN is derived from salmon. Such a great ingredient. Let me know if I should make more skincare videos for you guys on here. I post a lot of skincare on my [music] Tik Tok and Instagram. To be honest, yes, I'm a makeup girl, but I'm also so passionate about skincare. Now, I'm going in with the Anua aelic acid. Don't want to use a lot of this stuff. This just really helps with redness. Like, if you use a lot of this off the rip, your skin might freak out. Glow Recipe Pear Mucin prickly pear peptide mucin. I feel like snail mucin is very popular, but this is kind of like the vegan version. As you can see, it's very, very thick. You really do have to just like get over the smell of this stuff. In my opinion, this smells like straight up grass. But I can just fully get over it because I'm obsessed with the way that it makes my skin look. Some of the Anua PDRN cream kind of on my cheeks and then on my forehead. Let's just take a second to appreciate this glow. Do not skip out on your skincare, you guys. No matter how tired I am, I will do my skincare. This is a Belief Aqua Balm Eye Gel. It's kind of just like a little mini massage for your eye. And then sometimes I just like to sit here and just like massage the skincare into my face. I have lost a substantial amount of brow hair. So I've been using this Grande brow serum. This is pricey. I'm not going to lie. But I will say that it actually does work. If you can believe it had less brow hair than this, especially at the end. Like I just don't even know where the ends of my brows went, but I feel like it's grown back a lot. Okay, this looks so insane. But I also recently got this the body. This is called their Thera face mask, and it's basically like LED red light therapy. That's so cool. Okay, so there's different modes. Let me explain. So, the red really helps with wrinkles and the blue really helps for like inflammatory acne. [music] I look freaking You guys, can you even hear me? I've been trying to be consistent and using this every day for like 9 minutes. Sources say that it really makes a big difference to your skin. That noise that you hear, it's like actually massaging my face with the red light. Oh my god, I feel like I look like Iron Man right now. I will literally just have this on and just like lay in bed. So, I'll just have this on for like 9 minutes while I lather lotion like from chin to my toes. I have been trying really hard to keep up with reading books before bed. I promise you guys, doom scrolling is not it. Like, close those apps, put your phone on do not disturb. Without fail, every time that I'm on my phone before bed, I never sleep good. Like, I don't get REM deep sleep. And reading really helps reduce stress. It calms your mind and also creates just like [music] a relaxing overall vibe. And it kind of just preps your brain to be like, "Oh, okay. We're going to go to bed soon." I just started reading the book Tuesdays with my apparently. It's like heart-wrenching. And I'm also about to start the book Conversations in Love. I love the epigraph of this book. I'm just going to read it to you guys. Stories we set up late to hear our love story. It seems that we cannot know enough about this riddle of our lives. We go back and forth to the same scenes, the same words, trying to scrape out the meaning. Nothing could be more familiar than love. Nothing else eludes us so completely. How beautiful is that not so much better than watching Tik Tok dances at night, guys. At least I think so. But anyways, I would highly recommend either reading a book or listening to some sort of audio book, even podcast. But sometimes I think podcasts can be a little bit overstimulating depending on what you're listening to. Sometimes at night I'll also take a lei purr or a letmie sleep. I honestly don't take let me sleep that often. You guys these gummies taste so good. Leummy purr is a probiotic so you can take it twice a day but I try not to take let me sleep because it is a melatonin. I only use it when I'm really desperate. Loxuton pillow mist. I think it's like lavender like bergamant types of like essential oils. You just spray it on your pillow but I honestly kind of spray it like everywhere on my bed. Literally, if you can't tell, I do anything to get me into like the most relaxing energy ever before I have to like close my eyes. Which, by the way, this leads to the best purchase I've ever made in my entire life. If you have one thing that you should put on your Christmas gift list, it has to be the Hatch alarm clock. You can customize like an entire sleep schedule. So, I'll have it read bedtime stories/meditations to me and then it goes into basically like 8 hours of straight white noise. And you can kind of pick what you want your like white noise to be. Like it can be like rain splatters, like nature sound. You can also pick like whatever stories or like meditations you want them to read, which by the way, during this entire time I have red light going on. [music] Red light basically helps you relax even more and it supports melatonin, which basically means your sleep quality just is so much better. And you'll see once I wake up in the morning, it wakes me up really gently. I'm going to show you guys what it's like when I wake up. But basically, the light will turn on and then you can set your alarm to literally anything that you want. Mine is a little Sex in the City moment. But anyway, guys, now it's finally time to close our eyes and go to bed. I know, I know that was a lot of work. I know that night routines can be long, but I promise you guys, you're setting yourself up for success. You're going to have such an amazing sleep. And okay, I'll see you in the morning. Good morning. Do you guys like my alarm? Cuz I'm [music] honestly obsessed with it. It's giving very New York, very let's get up, let's get dressed and get our day started. To be honest, I do kind of take a second and just zone out. Like you can see here, I'm never one of those people that wake up immediately and is like, I'm going to go on a 5 mile run. Like, no, I need a second. But I will eventually always get up and I'll feel amazing cuz I did my nighttime routine. And I do want to take the time to kind of just reflect on why we do a nighttime routine. Kind of just like the deeper meaning behind it to me at least. I don't know if you've ever heard the quote to give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. I've been thinking about this quote a lot. I actually found it through Allison Wong. I don't know if you've seen her TikToks. I love that. But this quote just always reminds me that giving my best isn't always about just working harder. It's also about caring for myself. I feel like with my nighttime routine, it's like the one promise that I keep to myself daily. Taking off my makeup, staying consistent with skincare, doing the little rituals. And I just feel like all of it is me choosing to not sacrifice my own potential. And it's me giving my best back to myself. I feel like we spend all day giving our best to work, to people, or whatever we're trying to get done. And sometimes by the time the day ends, I feel like I've given myself every last bit of energy that I That's why nighttime has become so important for me. It's the one part of my day where I feel [music] like things finally get to slow down. And going back to that quote, I used to think that it only really applied to working hard, but the more that I really think about it, we are the gift. Our [music] energy, our skin, our peace, and if we don't take care of ourselves, then I just feel like we can't give our best to anything else. So, when I go and do my nighttime routine, I feel like I'm recharged so that tomorrow's version of me actually has something to give. I think the concept is so simple, but it honestly makes such a big difference. Another [clears throat] quote that I really love is to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. I think about this quote so often, especially when I'm doing my self-care routines. I feel like I used to really rush through self-care, whether it's waking up late and then having to like rush to get ready or just not even really doing my self-care routine when it comes to night because I'm just so tired. I'm like, "Oh, it's just easier for me to go to bed without like properly washing my face. I'm just going to use [music] a makeup." And now it is like a non-negotiable for me because if I'm really supposed to love myself, it starts with all these little things like doing your skincare, doing an everything shower, these things are so important. And [music] it's giving myself attention the same way that I give it to everyone else. Sometimes I think all of this sounds so corny, but honestly, who cares? Like look, loving yourself is a lifelong romance. And this is just my version of showing up for it. Every [music] night doing my routine and giving myself a little bit of love before bed. And hey, you guys see me. I mean, I'm up. I'm getting my makeup done. I swear when I do my full night routine, I wake up feeling so much more refreshed, like a more upgraded version of myself. My skin's glowing, my mood's better, and everything just hits different. But I really hope this video helps you guys out. Let me know if there's anything that you do in your night time routine that you think would help others. Once again, I love you guys so much, and I'll see you next week. Bye. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Itsbabykelz [86 likes]: upgrade your home + closet with Quince! <3 Go to Quince.com/itsbabykelz for free shipping on your next order and 365-day returns ✨
  2. @Imjusta_girllllll [2 likes]: Okay with the overnight curls part I don’t recommend sleeping with the claw clip because sometimes if you like moving around the bed just like me like I cannot stay still when I sleep or if you have something at the back of you and you like sleeping like the wall by the wall you could bang your head against the wall with the claw clip or while you’re rolling it could like you could bump your head with the claw clip and it could go into your skull so I don’t really recommend using the clock clip while you sleep(but still the overnight curls part really helped for me)❤
  3. @kayhammond6384 [1 likes]: I'm no hair expert so  is baby oil good for your hair
  4. @izz_glowy_girl [1 likes]: Awww you're more pretty when get un ready ☺️✨
  5. @ANASMRSSS [1 likes]: your video setup is insane in your video episodes✨, big W
  6. @raisinsxx [1 likes]: Salmon what? 10:51
  7. @SammiSaint: Ok this was so cute and relaxing
  8. @AleciaKillings-r1h: What do you to edit your videos
  9. @SophieAdriaens: here is my night routine:
eat dinner
finish any homework 
shower (shampoo, hairmask, facewash, bodywash)
skincare ( moistriser, lip balm, acne treatment)
watch netflix ( I'm watching S.W.A.T. right now)
brush teeth + mouthwash
floss 
wear my rubber bands ( for my braces)
lip balm ( again) 
put my hair in a bonnet
plan next day
read 
and thats it
  10. @ThinejaYuvanesan: Post more night routines!
  11. @soubhagyabitt-u8c: My night time routine 

Sleep sometimes even brush my teeth
  12. @hortensesenaya2960: You look pretty without makeup too
  13. @MelodyMaddox-l1k: Wow
  14. @cherieemmanuelle: I love that you emphasize brushing and flossing!
  15. @Evelyns13diva: Ok so when I do my curls my hair at the back goes sooo frizzy and bad anyone got any tips
  16. @LiaDev-v4p: I
  17. @LiaDev-v4p: I
  18. @LiaDev-v4p: I love how she always include her mom❤
  19. @esha.341: you look absolutely gorgeous without makeup your skin is glowinggg , I think light makeup suits you best...like more natural colors...
  20. @briannahmiller48: Just got conversations on love for my Kindle, I am excited to read, thanks for sharing!

- Gwyneth Paltrow's Luxurious At-Home Spa Routine: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to our spa we have a beautiful little sauna there's a steam there's a cold plunge brad is an obsessive cold plunger i love a good sauna a good schvitz so i'm going to show you my favorite hoop products you definitely don't need a spa in order to do this routine but you know it doesn't hurt let's mason before i sweat i always love to use this detox ultimate dry brush it's an amazing exfoliator i like to brush always towards the heart to encourage blood flow it just kind of wakes you up it's tingling and invigorating it's just one of my favorite wellness rituals to do before i sweat or work out or take a hot shower my hair is color treated and gets a lot of wear and tear and i really wanted to create something that was active and would help strengthen the hair the glow restore and shine hair serum it just makes my hair really manageable and soft and shiny i love to apply this to dry hair really work it in from root to tip it smells really lovely i leave it in for at least 20 minutes you can even sleep with it overnight if you want to [Music] this is the martini we call it the emotional detox bath and this is one of my absolute favorite products that we make i bathe in this every single night and we named it the martini for two reasons one the martini but also when you're doing a film the martini is what they call the very last shot of the day i developed this with an amazing acupuncturist who's a really good friend of mine incredibly skilled in the art of essential oils and i put it in really warm water and soak for at least 20 minutes at the end of every day and it smells so beautiful and has these beautiful himalayan salts and all these amazing essential oils it smells amazing it's got frankincense and myrrh and it's really special goop jeans repair body weather this is actually the best kind of red carpet skin secret that i know of it's super super rich and ultra hydrating it's firming like the rest of the jeans collection just kind of massage it in your skin and it gives you this like incredible glow this is the himalayan salt scrub shampoo it's an unbelievable product this really will keep your hair soft and shiny and bouncy and really full you really only need a small scoop this lasts forever so it's also an incredible value it's got this beautiful pillowy texture but you can also feel the salt in here and that's really what's gonna clean the scalp deeply and give your scalp this nice fresh feeling but also the shampoo itself it's incredibly sudsy and luxurious when you use it thank you so much for hanging out in the spa with me you can find all of our amazing beautifully made super clean products

  Top Comments:
  1. @Boshek2019 [19 likes]: “Brush towards the heart to strengthen the blood flow”😂
  2. @conniethaxton3283 [5 likes]: It looks so amazing. I love your videos. They give me inspiration. I'm a widow with limited income, so I have to make my own products. I will do my dry brushing and then take a magnesium salt bath and afterwords use my homemade mixture of Grape Seed Oil with Vitamin E and Jasmine Oil  for a moisturizing treatment. You don't have to be rich to take care of yourself, just creative. Thank you for your videos. Shalom!!!
  3. @Tcl-p2w [1 likes]: I would never use a salt based  shampoo on my hair.  Takes natural oils out. Not healthy.😢🛡️
  4. @GeorgGruber-x7m9z [1 likes]: Sehr hilfreich, speichere das
  5. @tastemakerguidie [1 likes]: rubbers has nonexistent
  6. @tararountree2865 [1 likes]: Gwyneth, you are a lovely human, inside & out.  Love your show Goop, great energy, 100% a fan of yours.
  7. @Pony-t9v [1 likes]: Great ingredients ❤
  8. @joannegolding3538 [1 likes]: Hair is dead -‘like fingernails. You can’t “strengthen” dead things
  9. @SERGEQ1977cortic [1 likes]: & l love you, l love love you beautiful beautiful Queen Jude princess of my heart ♥️  
Good luck in 2024 love love you
  10. @SERGEQ1977cortic [1 likes]: & l love you Gwyneth Paltrow!! А почему ?! Незнаю моя душа к тебе стремится!! Тебя нелюбить говорят , а я люблю и незначительны почему  и жалко тебя и престижная ты и милая вы .. короче . Дом Анджелеса ! 
Это не Сочи ! 
Суждения мои  - были ложны !! 
А я тебя Gwyneth люблю I love you! Почему не знаю!!
  11. @shankarbalakrishnan2360 [1 likes]: I saw u  I saw u ❤❤❤🎉🎉
  12. @zumretakaplanovich2088 [1 likes]: Install amber sauna
  13. @ZanderTrakia: Apple Martini with the fish eyes
  14. @EllenWaiyum2953: ❤❤
  15. @silverkitty2503: I need conditioner.
  16. @silverkitty2503: yes and better i need this
  17. @silvietee7447: There are many homeless women in America or some who live in a caravan the size of Gwynie's spa.  Insensitive and self indulgent.
  18. @enriqueespinosa9923: Mas
  19. @fundifferent1: Nice lowkey Goop advertisement
  20. @eishaacatubig9812: ❤❤❤❤

- my wellness routine. hormone balancing diet, workouts & morning rituals: Kind: captions Language: en If there's one thing that I love, it's a routine. I am obsessed with watching any online content that revolves around a routine. Whether it's a morning routine, nighttime routine, a wellness routine. If you've not seen a routine video before, I swear after this video, you have to go and watch them. I find them so fascinating. And everyone's is so different because obviously everyone leads a different life. Something that works for someone might not work for someone else. But I thought I'd just give you a little bit of inspiration because I work really well with a routine and whenever I go traveling or whenever I'm out of town or I'm not in my routine, I kind of miss it. This routine keeps me so grounded, so happy. My body feels really healthy. I feel really healthy mentally. And yeah, I'm going to share with you everything that I do mostly on a day-to-day basis. It's not every single day obviously because sometimes I'm away, sometimes my schedule doesn't align with the routine. But if I had it my way, this would be my perfect wellness routine. Okay, I'm going to start off with my morning routine. This is what works for me. Obviously, everyone's going to have a different wake up time, a different amount of time in the morning. If I've got a good amount of time in the morning and I've woke up early, this is what my routine would look like. My usual wake up time is around 8:00. Sometimes it's like 7:30, sometimes it's 8:30, but it's around that kind of window. Now, sleep for me is so important. I get this from my dad. If I don't have 7 to 8 hours sleep, I am not myself. I'm a different person. You know how you get if you get hungry? I don't really get hungry. I get what would be the tired version of that. I don't know what the tired version is, but I do not do well in life if I've not slept well. So, I have about 7 to 8 hours sleep before I touch my phone, which it's so tempting. I think the first thing I think of is what emails I have to reply to, what text messages have have I got in the night, especially because a lot of my friends have a later bedtime than me. So, I'll always be asleep earlier, which means I'll always wake up to text messages and it is so tempting to pick up my phone. If you pick up your phone and you're seeing something negative, the first thing after you've woke up, it's going to kind of set the precedent for the rest of the day. like it's going to set your day off on a negative. So, I kind of like to start my day how I want to start my day. I'll sit up for a minute. I'll pray, set my intention for the day. I will show gratitude and then I'll make my bed. I make my bed every single morning without fail. Even if I'm running late, I would rather be late. This is so bad. Sorry to all of my friends who I've ever been late on or all the classes I've ever been late to. But I think once you have said to yourself, I'm going to make my bed every single morning. It kind of just becomes a routine. So now I can't not make my bed. I'll open my window. I'll get some fresh air in. Even though we don't get a lot of sunlight in the UK, I just like to let the light wake me up a little bit. I would like to go longer without going on my phone. I have tried it, but it's just too tempting for me. So by then, I'll probably go on my phone. I won't necessarily reply to everyone, but I'll just see what's going on. Then after I've checked my phone, I'll go into the kitchen and I always like to rehydrate. Obviously, while you're sleeping, you're going so long without water. So, the first thing that I like to put in my body is water. And I've been trying to drink a lot more water. And something that has really helped me been drinking water is my Airup tumbler. It's so annoying, but I am one of them childish people that I don't like water. I like flavor. So, I used to have a lot of like cordials, but they've got so many bad sugars and artificial sweeteners that they were really disrupting my stomach. And then I remembered about airup. I used to work with airup years ago. So, you put these little pods on. While I'm sipping on this water, which is in the cup is just water. I have a little cherry pod on the top. You're getting the infusion of the flavor. So, I've got cherry flavors. I've got pineapple. They're my two favorite. There's literally so many flavors to choose from. It just makes drinking water so much easier, especially when it's in a cute tumbler. And something that I've started doing, I've actually started traveling with this because I found when I'm traveling, I drink a lot of water at home, but when I'm traveling, I barely drink any. Whereas, if I've got this on me, I mean, it's really compact. It fits in my bag, fits in my airport bag, I take it to the gym. If I've got this on me, it reminds me to drink water. And then I just keep it topped up. And obviously it keeps your water cold as well, so it's not like having it in a plastic bottle. But I found it really useful for just getting my water intake. Airup are actually sponsoring this part of the video, which is so kind of them. And they've also given me a discount code for you guys to use. So I'll pop that on the screen. And then I'm going to leave a link in the description box as well if you want to shop. Highly recommend if you're someone like me and you want to try and start drinking more water or even if you just want to make water more fun. So, I'll always make my water and then I'll take my supplements. So, I always take collagen, magnesium, lion's mane, ashwagandha a lot. And what is another one that I take? B12. They're all the supplements that I take. And then I also have an electrolyte as well, just to get that extra hydration. Depending on what workout I'm doing that day is depending on whether I have breakfast or not. Because if I'm doing hot Pilates for example, there is not a single chance that I can eat before a hot Pilates class because I will see my breakfast once again. Whereas if I'm doing a weighted workout, then I will eat about an hour before I go to the gym. So depending on what workout I do is whether I have breakfast at this time or not. If I am having breakfast, then I'm usually a sweet breakfast kind of person. So, I'll either have a yogurt bowl or I'll have some porridge or I'll have a chia seed pudding if I've made it the night before. I don't really like to be in the kitchen too much. So, I try and avoid having to cook things. I just like to prepare things. They're like my go-to breakfasts. I'll always include berries. I have flax seeds for health benefits. I can't remember the health benefits of them, but apparently they're really high in estrogen as well. So, if you're someone that struggles with hormone imbalances, flax seeds are amazing. and chia seeds as well. Then if I do have a hot Pilates class, then I'll just have an electrolyte because I need to put something in my body and maybe some bone broth. And then while I eat my breakfast or have my electrolyte, I'll do a plan for the day. So I don't always journal necessarily and like write down my feelings and thoughts. But part of my journaling is just writing down what I need to do in the day because I find when I don't do that, I don't get everything done that I want to get done. I also forget that I have things that I need to get done. And I just like to structure my day a little bit more. I'm one of them people as well that'll be like, "Okay, 9:00 a.m. Pilates, 9:30 home, 9:45 shower." Like, I will write my day out. It doesn't always go to plan, but I will write my day out in time order so I know. I don't know like my time management has become a lot better since doing that. So, I'll write my day out while I'm sipping on my beverage or eating my breakfast. Then I usually like to get my workouts done in the morning. So that leads me on to my workout split. I work out four to five times a week depending on if I'm traveling, how I'm feeling that week. If I'm really low on energy, then it'll be more like 3 to four. I found that four to five works really well for me because I'm doing a lot of low impact workouts. I used to be a Barry's girl. I used to do Barry's at least twice a week. I lost my period doing that. I just didn't feel like that worked for my body. Yes, it made me lose a lot of weight, but that was because I was just burning so many calories and wasn't eating in align with how many calories that I was burning, which made me lose my period. It was terrible. My hormones were all over the place. I had no energy. I was miserable. I was a shell of a human being. I couldn't give myself in conversations. I was tired all the time. Don't recommend that. Find a workout that works for you. and this is what works for me. Okay, so I usually do Pilates three to four times a week. So I'll do a reformer one day, I'll do matt Pilates, whether it's at home or I'll join a class. But I usually like to break it up a little bit, especially because I work from home. So if I know that I'm not seeing anyone during the day, I think it's important for me to socialize a little bit. So that's why I enjoy going to classes. And then I always do a hot Pilates class. This is my favorite class because it is the only time that I actually sweat. I'm not really a sweaty person. I can sit in a sauna for 15 minutes and maybe towards the last 2 minutes I'll start sweating, but I am just not a sweaty person. Whereas in hot Pilates, I come out dripping wet and I feel like I've had a really good workout. Cuz I think with reformer sometimes I come out and I'm like, "Okay, that was a nice stretch." And I mean it is incredible to stretch your body. You become so much more flexible. Your posture becomes better. And these are all the reasons that I actually love Pilates. Not just because of the way it makes my body look. Even like the mental health side of it. Something that I've also been trying to do is incorporate a weighted session a week. Whether that is a weighted Pilates class using heavier weights or maybe I'll just go to the gym. And when I say heavy weights, I'm not talking about you are doing it till burnout cuz I've tried that before as well. Not for me. I'm not really looking to build muscle. I'm just looking to tone. And I want to be strong. I want to be able to do things by myself. Obviously, I live alone. So, if I want to move a shelf or I want to pick up a heavy box, I don't want to feel weak. I want to feel like a strong girl that can do things by herself. Pilates and weightlifting makes me feel strong. It makes me feel lighter on my feet during the day. It makes me feel good and it also has so many mental health benefits. Whenever I move my body for the rest of the day, I always feel really good. And I always feel good because I've disciplined myself enough to get to the gym, do something that I didn't necessarily want to do. I mean, I love my Pilates classes, but sometimes I'm not really in the mood. If I've done it for the rest of the day, I feel great because I've done something for myself that I didn't want to do. I've shown myself some discipline, which discipline is one of the biggest forms of self-love. Feel like it's important to just check in with yourself and being like, okay, am I feeling lazy right now or am I genuinely burnt out and this is actually going to make me feel worse? just genuinely check in with yourself and if you need to apply a little bit of pressure, get yourself to the gym and just apply a little bit of discipline in your life, then honestly the feeling afterwards is euphoric. It's amazing. But depending on how my week looks is how I work out. So, usually I'll do Pilates on a Monday, Pilates on a Tuesday. Maybe I'll have a little rest on a Wednesday, Pilates on a Thursday, weights on a Friday, and then Saturday, Sunday I'll usually have off. Or sometimes I'll do a hot yoga class on a Sunday as well. Just depending on how I feel and what makes me feel good at that time. And on the days where I'm not working out, I will still get some intentional movement in there. Whether it's going for a walk, I'll definitely get some sort of movement in. I won't just be sat on my ass all day because that just doesn't make me feel good. It's nothing to do with how I look. It's more to do with how it makes me feel. Yes, 50% of my workouts are for my mental health, for how they make me feel on the inside. Also, it's because I want to keep a toned body, which is that bad to say? Obviously, health comes first. So, for me, I had to gain a little bit of weight to get my period back. Of course, if you watched one of my latest vlogs, I got my period back. So, now I'm just maintaining. I'm not stopping anything that I was doing to get my period back. I'm at a healthy weight. I've got a healthy BMI. I want to keep it there, but I also want to look toned, and I don't think there's anything wrong with that. That leads me to my diet. I eat well 70% of the time. Whether that is 70% of the day and then I'll have a 30% where I will indulge in something or 70% of the week and then the 30% is maybe a weekend. I try and live very balanced. I drink, I eat sugar. I don't have a restricted diet in any way. I'm not allergic to anything. I will literally eat anything. I sound like a bin when I say that, but I genuinely eat everything and anything, but in moderation. I eat when I'm hungry. If I'm not hungry, I don't eat. I also never feel like I have to finish food. But one thing I definitely don't do when it comes to eating is I don't restrict because I found if ever I have restricted one day on one occasion and I've just been like, "No, I'm not going to have that." I've always craved it so much more and I just can't stop thinking about it, which I don't want to spend my days thinking about food. Like, there's so much more that I have to think about. I've also found that food is so much more than just fuel for the body. Of course, you're fueling your body, but it's also memories. When you travel and you go on holiday, I would hate it if I was so restrictive with myself that I couldn't try a different cultures food, try a new restaurant or try new places, try new things like that. One of the joys that I find in life is traveling and trying new foods. And I do also enjoy the occasional glass of wine and the occasional tequila. So my day usually looks like I have three meals a day. breakfast. I'll have lunch and I'll have dinner and then snacks in between. And I always like to balance my plates. I always like to have vegetables. I like to have a protein. I like to have a carb. And then with my snacks, I try and make them healthier. But my one sweet treat a day is usually the unhealthy ones. So whether that is chocolate, cake, another thing that I do is I wait to have caffeine. So I never have caffeine now on an empty stomach. I feel like that is what set my hormones off a little bit wild and I just don't feel like I need it. I feel like because I've had such a good sleep the night before. I don't feel like I rely on caffeine anymore. I try and have a lot of like gut healthy foods just to make sure my gut is nice and happy and I'm going to the toilet regularly. I don't count calories. I just try and be more mindful about what I eat. And I'm happy this way. I'm happy because I'm not counting every single calorie that goes in my body, which puts me under a lot of stress. Once you start eating good and eating nutritious foods, your body genuinely starts to crave it. Maybe not straight away, but when you see the benefits that it has on your body to eat vegetables and eat fruits and eat in a way that makes your body happy, I genuinely think that you start craving them foods more. I think that was everything that I wanted to touch on in terms of diet. But yeah, like I said, I'm not restrictive with myself. I like to enjoy. I like to go out and have a good time, but I also like to nourish myself and make sure that I'm drinking enough. I'm eating enough. I do allow myself some sugar. I feel like there's a lot of slander about sugar online. And yes, it's probably not the best for you. Does it make life that much better? For me, it does. If it doesn't make life better for you, then maybe skip it. But for me, the most enjoyable way that I can live my life is with chocolate involved. Okay, moving on to my self-care. So, these are all of the things that I do internally to make me feel good. So, number one, I sometimes go to therapy. I don't go consistently. I probably should. I only usually go to therapy if ever I feel like I want to figure something out that I can't figure out myself. I highly recommend. I think it's really good to talk to an outsider. I also feel like if you've had therapy and you've not enjoyed it, maybe try a different therapist before you write therapy off. I've had one where she's been very like sugarcoats things and will kind of like molly cuddle me a little bit. And then I've also had someone that will give me tough love and I kind of need someone that will give me tough love. But I do a lot of internal work as well. So I journal. Most of the time if I'm journaling, it's usually because there's something on my mind and I can't quite understand why I'm feeling a certain way or if there's a problem that I feel like I don't know how to solve. I always find writing it down is like writing a maths equation on a piece of paper. So if you try and add up 4 + 5 + 10 + 9 + 7 + 157,000 like it's hard to compute in your brain. Whereas when you write it down you can kind of like be like okay this plus this plus like you I don't know does that make sense? If I've done that and I've meditated and I've thought about it and I still can't solve the problem or I still can't understand why I'm feeling this certain way that's when I usually book a therapy session. I have found journaling has helped so much with my mental health, especially before I go to bed. I find that sometimes I can get in bed when there's no noise, everything's quiet, my brain is so loud. There's just so many thoughts running through my head. Whereas if I write them down and I can see them on a piece of paper, it's kind of like me just getting my thoughts onto the piece of paper and then I can go to sleep. If next time you're in bed and you can't sleep and you've got a million things going on in your head and there's a problem and you can't stop thinking about it, just write it down. Write down how you feel. Write down ways that you can solve it and then try and go to sleep. Honestly, it helps so much. I mean, we'll get on to the nighttime routine. I also I'm trying to get into meditating now. Like I said, I'm someone my brain is constantly just like yapping away, which is why I used to enjoy a lot of background noise because I felt like having a podcast on, having music on, having a TV show on the in the background, having a YouTube video on, it kind of drowned out my own thoughts. Whereas now, I've tried to sit in silence a little bit more. Not necessarily in a meditative state where I'm sat with my legs crossed and I'm home like not that kind of meditation, but it's more so I'm just sat with my thoughts and I'm not trying to drown them out because I felt like it was a bit of an escapism. Felt like the reason I wanted so much background noise was because I wanted to escape my thoughts. Whereas sometimes it's good to actually sit with your thoughts and how you're feeling because you get to know yourself a little bit more. you're not suppressing any emotions, which I don't think is good because they're always going to come out at some point. Sit with them. Even if it's uncomfortable, just sit with them. Another thing that I do that makes me feel good is even if I've got nothing to do that day and I can technically not brush my hair, not put makeup on, not put clothes on, I can stay in my pajamas all day. I won't do that because that doesn't make me feel good. It makes me feel good if I get up, I shower, I put on some fresh clothes, I put on a little bit of makeup, or even just do a skincare routine. I always feel like dressing for my character that day will make me perform at my best. Even if I'm organizing and I feel better about myself and I've got a good playlist on, that will just make the organizing number one more fun and number two way more productive. If I feel like a slob, I'm going to act like a slob. I'm going to be on the sofa. I'm not going to want to get up. I'm going to find it really hard to motivate myself. Whereas if I feel like, okay, I'm ready for the day now. I'm ready for whatever I've just got ready for. I perform to my best self and that's just what works for me. This is a little bit of a random one, but something that really works for me and my mental health. I will say no to plans. I don't feel like I have to be at every single event. I also try and schedule my weeks where my weeks are for work and then my weekends are for pleasure. I don't really go out during the week unless I'm away or unless there's something that's actually really worth going to or there's an event that I genuinely want to go to. I will go. I won't be so disciplined that I don't go to that. Eight times out of 10, I will try and keep my weekdays for work. I try and keep my routine and then my weekends are a free-for-all. Actually, there's one more thing. I try and see my friends and family a few times during the week because they are what keep me grounded. They keep me happy or even just speaking to them on the phone. I try I will speak to my mom every single day. I speak to my friends every single day on the phone. But I also try and see them. I feel like if you live alone, especially being social and having people around is so important. Someone who will tell you that they don't need anyone is a miserable kind of person because we all need people. We all need to be social. I try and get a good balance of alone time and social time. And then last but not least, my evening routine. I do also have a beauty routine which I'm going to share with you as well. I just thought this video was going to be so long already that I'm just going to do like my wellness routine. You know, I usually have dinner. Like I said, I like to have a nice balanced dinner. I will have a sweet treat. And then something that I've been doing recently is I've been going for a walk after dinner, even if it's just 10 minutes. But that's only because the weather's been nice. I don't really see myself doing that in autumn winter, but I have been going for a walk after dinner and I've really enjoyed that. But when I get back in, I will shower. I will do my full skin care, which we will get into in the beauty routine video. But I will do my full skin care, which I also do my skin care in the morning as well, but I didn't mention that. I do it usually after I've done my workout. I will do my skin care. I will take my time with my skin care and really romanticize it. I've tried using my gouache recently. I don't really have an extensive evening routine skin care. I find that my skin is probably better the less products that I use. I'll put my matching pajamas on or I mean recently I've been sleeping in underwear to be honest because it's so hot. I still like feeling really cute when I'm going to bed. And you can even buy like cute matching pajamas from like Primark. They don't have to be expensive, but I just like to feel girly. Yeah, I'm not doing it for anyone. I mean, I literally live alone, but I'm doing it for myself. But then I'll fill up my AirUp cup. I will take it to bed and I don't go on my phone, which usually I go to bed around 10, but I just like to be in bed for a little bit before I go to sleep. I put my phone down. I just like to have my alone time at my phone distracting me. So, usually I'll read or I will watch something. I've been watching Squid Game recently, which probably isn't the best thing to watch before I go to bed because it's it's a little bit dark, but nine times out of 10, for the last hour before I go to sleep, I'm reading a book. Even if I'm not tired, I can be reading my Kindle and my eyes will be going. Reading before bed has been such a hack for me because I go to sleep like that. Before I do go to sleep, when I feel my eyes going, I will always say a prayer at the end of the day. I will show my gratitude for the day. I will pray for a good day the next day. I will pray for my family and my friends. Just say my biggest prayer of the day in the evening. And then I go to sleep. That doesn't really feel like long enough to be a nighttime routine, but they're just things that I do every single night. So yeah, that is my wellness routine. I've probably missed so many things off, but they're like the main things that I feel like are the reason why I'm living happy. I'm living a really healthy life. feel really positive a lot of the time. Obviously, there are some days where I don't feel as positive and as happygolucky, but 90% of the time, I would say I feel really, really good. And this is just what works for me. It's going to look different for everyone, but I would definitely highly recommend trying some of the things that I've mentioned, and maybe it'll work for you. But I'm going to end this video here. Thank you guys so much for watching. And if you like to see these kind of videos, then let me know in the comment section and I'll definitely film like a beauty one or just whatever you want to see. More morning routines, maybe. Maybe I'll film a morning routine soon and a nighttime routine. I love them kind of YouTube videos, so maybe we need to do one of those. Thank you guys for watching. I love you all so much and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tashaw9142 [6 likes]: Mads we’d love more self care/wellness videos❤️
  2. @MadisonSarah [3 likes]: use code MADISON for 10% off airup site wide
  3. @LinaHo1994 [2 likes]: mads！ out of the topic but, your hair and makeup in this vid is chefs kiss, idk if you did anything to your hair colour but IT LOOKS SO GOOD GURL!❤
  4. @Ella-oy9lp [2 likes]: Yay i'm so glad you are back, by the way this lighter brown hair compliments your features so well.
  5. @kwadcast [1 likes]: The 70/30 balance approach is genius—sustainable wellness without sacrificing joy or creating food anxiety
  6. @DavisImaniJ [1 likes]: I can not fight the urge to pick up my phone in the morning but what I do now is instantly pick out a worship or prayer video instead of
  7. @troutstreamerdreamer: Nice channel
  8. @nnjjii: Loved every minute of this video
  9. @neelyf01: YOU ARE AN INSPIRATION
  10. @itsnaomipatricia: I love this 😍 prayer is so important to me too and gratitude
  11. @nejra9671: I LOVED this video, please make more of this kind. Also, missed the vlogs <3
  12. @crystalp.286: I enjoyed this! 🤗
  13. @paulinevillesuzanne7647: night time routine video please 🥹🥹🙏🏼🙏🏼
  14. @assws-em4fc: For few weeks I've started watching your channle and so far I really like your videos💓💓💓
  15. @Almas-o6w: I really admire u
  16. @karafrachioni2425: 🩵🩵🩵
  17. @JasminaNeyraTravels: I found this so helpful. Always looking for extra tips to feeling more healthy 🥰
  18. @Loulabelle29: Hi, I heard you say you have bone broth, can I ask where you get it from, I’ve looked everywhere for some. I’ve started doing Pilates at home and I’m really enjoying it. Great vlog too 😊
  19. @jamespittman: Great video and Have a great week.❤
  20. @yas.artistry: your hair is looking so beautiful <3

- TOP 1% WOMAN ROUTINE: how to stay productive, healthy + disciplined: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that the difference between feeling like you're just surviving your days versus absolutely thriving comes down to a few simple habits? Today, I'm testing the exact routine that top 1% of women use on their days off. And I'm going to be brutally honest about whether it actually works. We're talking brain dumps, strategic planning, and the science of productivity. If you've ever felt like you're just getting through your days instead of designing the life you actually want, this video is for you. Let's see if these habits can actually transform how I feel about myself and my life. [Music] Good morning, you guys. So, the first part of this routine is called a brain dump. And it honestly kind of makes sense because I don't know if I'm the only one, but sometimes I wake up in the morning and I just get this anxious, overwhelming feeling of everything that I have to do. It's just all kind of in my brain and I haven't written it down on paper yet. So, it kind of makes sense how this is like the number one step of the routine is you literally wake up, get your journal out, and then just start to brain dump. Because what research says is that when we externalize our thoughts onto paper, we literally reduce our mental load and also our decision fatigue. If you think of your brain as a computer, if you have too many tabs on, that's just going to naturally slow the computer down. So, it kind of makes sense. If you have too much going on in your mind, you're not going to be able to function properly, and you're not going to be able to act and pursue your highest potential. So, right now, I'm going to write down every single task, every single thought, and every single worry that is currently cluttering my mind. And I mean literally everything as small as texting a friend back to actually like the more serious tasks that I have to do today in my appointments and stuff. And I'm not going to judge myself when it comes down to writing all of this down right now because that's the whole point of a brain dump is to make it messy, to make it kind of chaotic, unorganized. It doesn't matter. Just as long as you're getting all of your thoughts, your worries down onto a sheet of paper and getting it out from your brain onto the paper. That is what this is about. So, don't try to make it aesthetic. Don't try to make it organized. We're going to organize it in a sec. So, let's get all of this from up here down to on here. That was actually genuinely so therapeutic. Look at my little brain dump. That was all in my mind. Those were just thoughts circulating like, "Oh my god, I need to do that. I need to go here. I need to pick up that." I feel so much clearer just doing that. I don't know why I don't do this every day because I'm always like, "Oh, everything needs to be aesthetic when I write down my to-do list." But like a brain dump, I feel like is so needed before you even make a to-do list for the day. Here's when it gets interesting because for this routine, we are not making a traditional to-do list. We're going to use something called the Eisenhower matrix or Eisenhower matrix. I don't know how to pronounce it properly, which is kind of like a to-do list, but it categorizes things a lot better so your mind can process it easier. So, I'm going to show you guys exactly how that works and looks. This would be my first time actually doing this exact method, so I'm excited to try it out today. Okay, so this divides everything into four categories for your to-do list. Urgent and important, not urgent but important, urgent but not important, and not urgent and not important. And supposedly the magic happens here when you realize that most of us spend our time in the urgent but not important category. Responding to other people's priorities instead of our own. So this is such a helpful way to design your day so that you could start with this category and then move your way through. And then as the day goes on, you will get less stressed and less stressed as you continue to dwindle down the to-dos since they become less important. So let's fill this out right now for the first time ever. I'm really really excited. Okay, I just completed the full thing and oh my goodness, I am going to probably start doing this every single day cuz this genuinely just puts everything out on paper to me and my brain can see this in such like a put together way where now I'm like, "Okay, start here and work my way down that way." My brain does not feel cluttered anymore. And studies show that this can reduce decision fatigue by 30%. which means I'm actually saving my mental energy for what actually matters cuz I feel like I always have such a hard time kind of doing that and allocating my energy. So, this is amazing. My urgent things that I have to do today since it's like my day off is my bank appointment and then I'm canceling my membership somewhere. This is the best thing ever. Highly would recommend trying it. I already feel light as a feather. Let's get our day really started now that we have a plan. So, part of my top 1% women routine is being very intentional on how I show up and not just in my habits, but in the little details as well. And for me, that includes actually keeping my photos aligned with how I felt in the moment while taking them. Cuz if I'm feeling myself, I want my photos to turn out good and look good. So, this is a selfie that I took earlier today. I already liked it. The energy was there. I felt good about myself, but the lighting was just a little bit flat and it didn't fully reflect how I wanted the photo to look. So, what I'm going to do right now is open face up, which I use as a professional photo polishing tool, not to change how I look, but kind of just refine what's already there and make it better. So, I'm going to start with impressions. And I always keep it super light, usually just level one or two so it's very natural, just to balance out the photo and bring back some dimension. And then I'll go into skin and not to blur or mask anything, but just to kind of gently even out the image so it looks clean and well lit. Kind of just like adjusting the lighting in real life. As you can see, there's so many options here on what you could do. I'm think I'm going to go with glowing because obviously the lighting is not doing that for me in this photo. And you can even add little freckles to the photo. You could give yourself a little tan. Sometimes I'll add just the smallest touch of makeup cuz a lot of the times I feel like my mascara just doesn't do justice on camera. I love adding eyelashes. If you're too lazy to do like full glam, you can just add it on, which is fun. The pro tools are really what makes it feel more natural and intentional. You can also go into the hair and see what you would look like with different hair colors, which I think that is so cool. I can just lighten up my hair. Like that's what I would look like if I was blonde, which is insane. So cool just to see in case you're like on the fence about dying your hair. I'm even just going to add a little blush. There we go. So, this is the before and that is the after. As you can see, it just really brightens my face up. Looks like I had a ring light on me. If you guys want to try this out for yourself, you could try the Face App Pro Tool with a 7-day free trial. So you guys can click the link in my description or just scan the QR code here that's on the screen to download Face App today and test it out for yourself. Thank you so much to Face App for sponsoring this portion of the video. Okay guys, I just got all ready to go and work out. It is freezing outside. It is the first time that the temperatures have dropped below zero and this just all of a sudden happened right after Christmas. We weren't even getting that cold of weather until literally just a couple days ago and then all of a sudden our weather started getting freezing and it might snow soon. So, I'm like, "Oh, great. How it's happening after Christmas when the whole point of snow was to be before Christmas." Little disappointing. But anyways, I haven't done like an outdoor workout in so long, just because the weather has been rainy during the winter, especially. The sun literally just came out. When the sun comes out, that is my sign to go and do a nice run, but I know it's really good for cardiovascular health. And I actually have an aura ring to like track my heartbeats and stuff and my steps and my length of the run and everything. When I was younger, fun fact, I used to be really, really into running. I used to do track. Also, I played soccer basically my whole life. I feel like I've always had pretty good cardio, but in the past few years, especially after quitting soccer and everything. My running game is not good. I run for like 2 minutes and I'm out of breath. So, I'm just going to keep a steady pace outside today and not going to make the run too long. But, there is like these endorphins that release in my body, specifically when I run that make me feel so amazing and good. If you are a busy person, working out is probably the last thing on your list and it's probably the first thing you're going to skip if you're super busy. But if you make time to work out or just move your body for 10 minutes a day, it can make such a big impact. When we work out, there's something in our brains that release called BDNF, which is brain derived neurotropic factor. And you could kind of think about this as like a fertilizer for your brain cells. It literally helps you grow new neurons and it also strengthens the connection between them. And this isn't even about looking good or being healthy. Of course, those are amazing benefits of working out. But scientifically, this is also about upgrading your cognitive function for better memory, sharper focus, improve mood, enhanced decision-m. So, a 20 to 30 minute workout doesn't just prep your body for the day, but it also primes your brain for success. So, anyways, with all that to say, let's go do this freaking workout, get our body moving, and improve the brain function up here. Right now, my brain is flooding with endorphins, natural mood elevators that are literally more powerful than morphine. My preffrontal cortex is getting increased blood flow, which means better decision-making and focus for the rest of my day. Research shows that people who exercise in the morning make 23% better food choices throughout the day. Every minute of this run is setting me up for success in ways I can't even see yet. Okay, so that brings us to part three, which is self-care. This isn't just pampering. This is all strategic self-care backed by science. So, I'm starting off with dry brushing, which increases blood circulation by up to 30% and stimulates my lymphatic system to help eliminate toxins. But here's what's really happening. I'm activating my parasympathetic nervous system, which is my body's rest and digest mode, which reduces cortisol and promotes healing. I love this Loxy Tanana oil. It smells so freaking good and it feels so luxurious. The scent alone though is triggering positive associations in my brain, which is boosting my mood before I even leave the house. And to end off the self-care, I'm putting on a face mask because it's 15 to 30 minutes of forced self- prioritization. Research shows that when we take care of our physical appearance, we actually perform better in all areas of life. It's called the lipstick effect. I'm not just getting ready and preparing to show up confidently in my life. I feel great right now after doing self-care. You can't beat it. Like, I feel like a princess. I feel pampered. I can still smell this shower oil on me. It is the best shower oil ever. I just feel so luxe. I feel pampered. I feel amazing. Anyways, I'm just going to be sorting my laundry right now because that is one of my chores that I want to do today. So, I'm just going to quickly sort out my laundry. I love listening to a podcast while I do chores and stuff. So, highly recommend. It kind of feels like multitasking in a way, and it makes whatever chore you're doing a lot more fun. And obviously, you don't need to be paying attention to a screen cuz it's just a podcast, which is good. If you guys don't know, I actually have my own podcast with one of my best friends, Talia. So, if you guys want to check that out, it's always linked in the description. But yeah, I love a good podcast on while I'm doing chores, especially an informative one. It doesn't have to always be informative cuz sometimes you just want to let your brain kind of relax. just kind of listen to brain rot podcasts. But I do love a good informative podcast and just a good fun podcast in general. So whatever I'm feeling that day wants to say hi, do you want to join my routine? She's like, no, I'm good. Okay, so the next part of this routine is just to do a little midday meditation/reset only for 5 minutes. I feel like when you have a big to-do list, it's hard to take time out of your day to just quite literally sit down and think of nothing, do nothing, and just let your mind relax for a quick second. When we're constantly go, go, go. our stress hormone cortisol stays elevated which actually impairs cognitive function. The thing is is a lot of people would think that doing a meditation midday is a waste of time but it's actually kind of a little investment in making the rest of the day more effective cuz your brain is going to work better. So all I'm going to do right now is I'm just sitting at my table right now and I didn't want to go on the couch because sometimes when I do meditation on the couch it makes me way too sleepy. So I just kind of wanted to sit in like an upright chair. I'm just going to focus on my breath for 5 minutes and see how it impacts the rest of my day. So, right now I'm going to set a little timer for 5 minutes. 5 minute timer. [Laughter] That was great. I don't even remember the last time I did that. This is your sign to take 5 minutes out of your day and just be present. I feel just zen right now and calm and anti-stressed. That brings us to part three, which is drinking matcha over coffee. Let's talk about why I'm choosing matcha specifically over coffee for this routine. While coffee gives you that immediate caffeine spike, matcha contains eltheanine, which is an amino acid that creates what researchers call calm alertness. Instead of jittery energy followed by a crash, which is what coffee does, matcha provides sustained focus for up to 6 hours, eltheanine increases alpha brain waves, the same waves associated with meditation and creativity. So, I'm literally drinking my way to a more focused creative state. Plus, matcha contains 137 times more antioxidants than regular green tea. So, this isn't just a drink. It's liquid productivity with a side of zen. I make my matcha with two teaspoons of matcha cuz I like it really strong and I like it to have that vibrant green color. I also order my matcha on Amazon, which I will link for you guys below. And then of course, I paired my matcha with breakfast to give me some energy for the day. Okay, now I'm officially primed and prepped to go out of the house, leave the house, and do my errands. I had my appointment, and then I just had a few packages to pick up. It was so nice to mark those off the to-do list. So, a very important thing in the top 1% woman routine is learning. This is something that I actually want to set for my new one of my New Year's resolutions, one of my New Year's goals. I feel like if you're not in school, you're not really learning every day. Obviously, like we're all learning life lessons and like stuff like that, but just in terms of actually getting educated on different subjects and things, it's not that easy just to be doing that when our generation is basically just scrolling on social media in our free time. And I feel like learning is definitely something that I want to implement into next year and really just hone in on that. Take a subject that I'm interested in and start learning about it. Start buying books on it. Yeah, I really really like this book for that reason. It's called 101 essays that will change the way you think. And each kind of essay is something that kind of makes your mind think. It kind of teaches you things. A great informative book on a specific subject or kind of a little bit more broad like this is great to pick up just to get your brain working because I feel like a lot of the times our brains are stuck in the same thought patterns every single day. But if you implement something new and switch things up, then it could really lead you to create new neural pathways. Studies actually show that continuous learning can improve cognitive flexibility and also promote neuroplasticity, literally rewiring your brain to be more resilient and innovative. And it also obviously breaks the cycle of passive consumption and builds a proactive mindset. So yeah, that's just something that I feel like since I'm not in school, um I haven't been in school in a very very long time because after I went to high school, I just did one year of college and then that's when I dropped out and pursued YouTube. Since then, I mean, I've done a couple language classes here and there, but nothing that I've actually stuck by. So I'm really really excited to kind of have that at the top of my brain and implement more of that going into this next year. And it's honestly just a perfect thing to implement on your days off. Even if you just do like 10, 20 minutes of reading about a subject, learning about a subject, can't hurt. So, let's do that. the energy that I feel from the matcha that I had like I genuinely always whenever I drink coffee or matcha I always feel a difference in the energy with coffee when I drink it it's like a spike of energy and then I'm just wired and then I have a crash. But with matcha I don't necessarily feel that like spike of energy. It comes on a little bit more subtly. And then all of a sudden, I'm like, "Oh my gosh, like I feel great, but it lasts for so much longer." And also, I don't have the crash. So, I should have matcha way more often. I always just like make coffee cuz it's just like the easy thing to do. And we have a really nice coffee maker, but I feel like I just need to switch up and make matchas more often. I feel like I always make matcha in the summer, but it's more so throughout the winter where I'm always just making hot coffees. Then when I have matcha, it reminds me how good it makes me feel versus like having that coffee high. When I am in the coffee high, it feels really good. But then you have the consequences like right after. So it's like give or take with coffee, but with matcha it has like so many benefits and I genuinely notice like a difference in my energy levels throughout the day with it. So matcha over coffee any any day, especially for like the anatomy of a woman's body. I know it's so much better. Just thought I'd update you guys on that cuz I haven't had matcha in a while. This was my first day having matcha in probably like 2 months. And I notice the difference. Like I really notice the difference and it's so good. Now that leads us into part six which is the evening windown. As a day winds down, this routine emphasizes something that our hustle culture often forgets, the importance of genuine connection and boundaries. Research shows that establishing firm boundaries between work and personal time reduces stress, improves sleep quality, and actually makes you more productive when you are working. Also, getting to spend quality time with your loved ones on your days off is so important. This quality time isn't just nice to have, it's essential. meaningful social interactions reduce stress hormones and boost oxytocin, which not only increases happiness, but can actually boost cognitive function as well. Today taught me that productivity isn't about doing more. It's about being more intentional with what you do. It's about designing your days instead of just surviving them. So, after doing this top 1% woman routine, I think it actually works, but not in the way that I expected. This isn't about perfection or having the perfect routine. It's about recognizing that you have the power to design your days intentionally. Every small choice from how you start your morning to how you fuel your body to how you and your evening is a vote for the person you want to become. So, here's my challenge to you. Pick one element from this routine and try it for the next week. And drop a comment down below and let me know which habit you're going to try first. And if you experiment with this routine, I want to hear about your experience. Your future self is counting on the choices you make today. Remember, you are not just getting through your days, you're designing your life. So, make it count. Don't forget to hit that subscribe button down below, and I will see you guys in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichaelaBento [21 likes]: HAPPY NEW YEAR MY LOVES !!! ⭐️⭐️ I wish everyone nothing but the best going into 2026 <3 don’t forget to check out face app for free with my link here: https://faceapp.yt.link/SwNI57a !!
  2. @abigailliv9053 [1 likes]: GIRL YOU SHOULD GO DARK BLONDE RN
  3. @izzywaldron1999 [1 likes]: I liked this until you started editing your photo 😢
  4. @NikkiOliveira: I love editing so much
  5. @Senthil-s7m: Don't use glass straws, they are fragile hence dangerous...
  6. @antoinettevanbalen8116: Hiii what did you use to curl youre hair at the beginning of the video? it looks so pretty!
  7. @wa.skyless: Thank you, you helped me ❤
  8. @Mouhamed_34: OMG Girl i love your ring
  9. @lilcossy5499: the brain dump part hit. my head is basically 47 tabs open until i write it down. also lol at “design your life” vs just surviving. Forge: AI Trainer randomly reminded me of that.
  10. @ShivamMahto-t6b: just what i needed to get motivated 🤩
  11. @harishmodel143.2: can we talk about that workout tho?
  12. @amnabut759: this made me want to try new habits
  13. @YassirJmali: lunch
  14. @Calico_Gem: 14:00 ap bio student how does an amino acid do that??? gang that would be proteins not single monomers(?)
  15. @HeddaBreien: I am going to make this my daily routine this is how good this video was !!!!!!!!!!❤😊
  16. @OfficialRXO: Good music Ricky XO got similar energy drop by
  17. @SounJou: this is the first video I watch it for you and it's amazing and I think I'm gonna watch more video from your channel... keep going💓✊🏻🤩
  18. @DrSarahKim: this is a great routine!
  19. @KaiyaDuhart: Dose Chai lattes have the same effect as matcha
  20. @kailynallen3118: Girl I just seen someone with the same thumbnail, title and intro as you 😮

- 10 HIGH MAINTENANCE beauty habits that will make you look LOW MAINTENANCE: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to let you in on a little clean girl secret. Looking effortless does not mean no effort. Those girls you see on Pinterest and Instagram who look like they just woke up like that, yeah, they actually have very high maintenance routines. But that's the whole illusion. Being highmaintenance to look lowmaintenance. The secret is doing all the prep work ahead of time so that your daily maintenance can just be autopilot. So, I'm going to break down the 10 highmaintenance beauty habits that you should do if you want to look lowmaintenance every day. But before you start stressing out about how timeconuming it's going to be, these habits only take an additional 5 to 10 minutes. So they're very realistic and easy to fit into your daily schedule. Because as an extremely busy person who runs her own business, trust me, I don't have time to be doing the most either. But these habits have been in my routine for such a long time and they have definitely made my beauty easier. Number one is gouacha. This is one of those things that people say doesn't work, but the problem is they don't do it consistently. And duh, that's kind of the point. But not everyone wants to be consistent, and it kind of shows. With any sort of facial massage, or really any type of facial treatment, you're not going to achieve long-lasting results after doing it just once. But doing this every single day for a long period of time will actually affect the appearance of your face. Genetically, I have a baby face, so I have tried to find so many ways to slim down this part, but nothing I found compares to gouacha. It will give you that subtly sculpted and lifted look without needing surgery or Botox. Plus, facial massage has so many other benefits like improving circulation, skin tone, product absorption. And this is not some trendy beauty hack like facial massage dates back to thousands of years ago. So, if our ancestors swear by it, it's legit. I like to gouacha in the morning because I normally wake up with a puffy face and my entire gouacha routine only takes me like 5 minutes. I like to use any kind of serum first so that the tool can just glide easily and then I start with the sides of my face up the neck and then the decllete. After doing this for so many years, I have definitely noticed a huge difference in how defined my facial structure looks. It takes almost no time and it will make you look so awake and fresh. On the topic of improving circulation, your body can also hold on to excess fluid, specifically lymph fluid or cellular waste. And this is why sometimes you might feel puffy or swollen even though you haven't really changed anything. So this is why I really love dry brushing my skin. This is really great for exfoliating dead skin cells, improving circulation, and lymphatic drainage. This only takes a couple minutes, but with consistency, you will notice a huge difference in your body texture. This has really helped a lot with my keratossis polaris on my arms, which is essentially when your skin builds up too much keratin and then it creates these little bumps or chicken skin. Again, because this is really good at exfoliating, it helps to reduce the bumps here and just makes my skin a lot softer. And after I shower and apply my body oil, my skin looks insane. It also just feels really good. It makes my skin warm and it's like a little massage. I mean, who doesn't like to be pampered? Before I use this, I like to just massage my lymph nodes. You have lymph nodes in special areas of your body, like your neck and then your armpits. So, I'll just massage those for like a minute. And then I start with like my feet and then I work up to like my arms and like my chest. And with this, you're supposed to brush towards your heart. So, I'll start with the bottom of my feet and then I'll just work my way up. They also sell different variations of this. So, you can find one that has softer bristles or firmer bristles. Some of them they have handles, but I'll link the one I have in the description if you want to check it out. One of my favorite highmaintenance habits to stay lowmaintenance is laser hair removal at home. And I've been using the Ulike Air10 for my at home treatments. This uses IPL or intense pulseed light, which is a clinically approved hair removal method that targets the melanin inside hair follicles. It uses a powerful and safe spectrum of light to reduce visible hair without damaging the skin. Because this works by targeting melanin, its effectiveness is based on the ratio between melanin in the skin and in the hair. I absolutely love IPL compared to other hair removal methods because it is so quick, so painless, and the results are super long-lasting. I used to only shave, but I've cut myself so many times with a razor and then I'll get those stubborn ingrown hairs after. And because I have pretty thick hair, I will literally start to see the hair grow back the same day. It's like, damn, can I just get 24 hours with no hair? Like, is that so much to ask for? I've done waxing, too, but it can be pretty painful, especially if you have a lower pain tolerance. I've also done traditional laser hair removal, but it's so expensive and you have to physically go to a clinic multiple times to see results. So, that is why I absolutely love using the UL Like IPL device. It has ice cooling technology, so it's very soothing on the skin. It's nearly painless. Like, I can barely feel it. and it is super quick and easy to use. Of course, with any beauty device, consistency is key. Similar to laser, IPL works gradually. For the first four weeks, they advise you to use it every other day. And then after that, you only have to use it one to two times per month for maintenance. Just to show you guys my progress, this was my armpit before using the device. And mind you, this was right after I shaved, but you can still see the stubble. And this is it now after using the Ulike Air10. Such a big difference. My underarms are so smooth. And the best part is the results last such a long time. The Air10 is 65% more powerful than some of their previous models with a special SHR mode that delivers four flashes per shot, making this more effective at removing that stubborn hair in the underarm and bikini area. This is the best highmaintenance to stay lowmaintenance habit that I do. It is a,000% worth it, and I love that I can just do it in the comfort of my own home. Thank you so much to Ulite for sponsoring this video and there's no commission code, so the best offer to get is on their website. I'll put the link below. Number four is a consistent skincare routine. Everyone talks about skincare. Everyone's obsessed with skincare. But when it comes to having an effective and consistent skincare routine, the wheels fall off. We are so obsessed with buying and trying new stuff that it's causing more problems for our skin. It does not matter if you have three products in your routine or a hundred. If you're not using the right ones or applying them consistently, you're not going to see the results you want. It took a lot of trial and error to figure out what works for my skin. But once I did, I stopped trying all the new stuff and I just stuck with my current lineup. And doing that has improved my skin more than any singular product. When it comes to my skincare routine, I do it twice a day, every day without fail. You would have to put me in a coma for me not to do my skincare. I've even done my skincare drunk. Okay? That's how dedicated I am. Because leaving your skin dirty or dehydrated is going to quickly cause problems. So, never skip your skincare routine. I don't care how tired you are. Stick to the products that work for you and don't try to switch it up all the time. I promise, give it 6 to 8 weeks and you will see a massive difference in your skin. High maintenance tip number five is scalp massages. Listen, scalp care in general is severely underrated. Everyone only cares about their hair, but your hair originates from your scalp. So, we should really be taking care of this first. If you want to have healthier, thicker, shinier hair, you need to massage your scalp. Massaging your head increases blood flow, which nourishes the follicle and makes your hair grow. It also just relieves tension and headaches, which I experience very frequently. You can just use your hands to massage, but I like using this silicone scalp massager in the shower. I will shampoo my hair first and then use this all over and really work the product in. And I noticed that my hair just stays cleaner for longer when I use this. Oh, it just feels so good. I really needed this. Let me tell you, a healthy scalp is truly the secret to loweffort good hair days. Speaking of hair, I am also a big advocate for blow drying it after you wash it. I consider this high maintenance because I feel like most people just let their hair air dry, and I used to do that, too. But air drying leaves your hair wet for long periods of time, making it more prone to damage, frizz, and dryness. Now, before you say that using heat on your hair is bad, not always. Heat damage depends on how much heat you're applying to your hair. So, yeah, if your curling iron is 500°, of course, it's going to damage your hair. But blow drying from a distance will actually make your hair shinier, smoother, and last longer between washes. When I used to air dry my hair, I noticed that it would get greasier a lot faster. But now when I blow dry, I can actually go 2 to 3 days without having to rewash or restyle it. I also have a very frizzy hair type. Like it's straight, but it's puffy at the same time. I don't know how to explain it. So to me, blow drying has helped just maintain the frizz. And once my hair is tame, my life just feels so much easier and I can focus on other things. Number seven is teeth whitening. As some of you know by now, I take my oral hygiene very seriously because even if you brush your teeth, floss, all that good stuff. If you got butter, yellow teeth, people are just going to assume your breath stink. Teeth whitening is high maintenance and it can be a pain upfront, but it will 100% elevate your face and your smile, and that's the best part about you. But for me, I don't have the budget nor the time to go get my teeth whitened professionally. So, I just use the teeth whitening strips you can buy at the store. I don't do it every day, but if I have a special event, I'll just throw one on, and it makes my teeth so much brighter. It's like a little confidence boost. Other things I do to keep my teeth white is I just brush them properly with an electric toothbrush. And I stay away from coffee, wine, or smoking because those can all stain your teeth. Okay, this next beauty habit is very, very niche, but I promise it will change your life. Number eight is wearing mouth tape to sleep. This is both a beauty tip and a sleep tip. If you're like me and you normally sleep with your mouth wide open, this is what I learned about that. Sleeping with your mouth open can cause mouth dryness, bacterial growth, bad breath, and gum disease. On top of that, if your mouth is a gape for 8 hours every day, this will affect how your facial bones develop, and you might give yourself a receding chin. So, mouth taping at night forces you to breathe through your nose, and this helps with sleep quality, reduces morning puffiness, improves facial posture, and even makes your skin look better long term. I know this is a very weird highmaintenance habit, but I've been doing it for a couple months now, and I do notice that my face looks a lot more snatched. Plus, I've also stopped drooling, so thank God. Number nine is red light therapy. This habit definitely feels the most extra and bougie. like you will look like an alien. But red light therapy has so many positive benefits for the skin. It is talked about in every single wellness podcast, magazine, blog, and it's scientifically backed. So again, this is not a woo concept. How it works is that red light carries specific wavelengths of red and infrared light to the skin. And these wavelengths penetrate the skin and interact with cell mitochondria, which then trigger a bunch of biological responses. Some of these responses include stimulating collagen, reducing inflammation, and promoting healing. And when you use a serum with red light therapy, all those antioxidants and vitamins are able to penetrate deeper into the skin and have a stronger effect. There are so many LED masks on the market now, but not all of them are high quality or effective. So, if you're going to do it, you want to get one that has the right wavelengths. For red light, it's usually like 600 to 650 nanome. And you have to make sure that it has enough LED bulbs in the mask itself. Basically, the more LEDs, the more effective light coverage you'll have. My favorite masks are the current body one and then the Shark Cryoglow mask. I'll also link these below if you're interested in checking them out, but I'm not being sponsored by them. I just love to share my recommendations with you. Number 10 is a minimal daily makeup routine. I consider makeup high maintenance because doing a full beat every day is kind of crazy to me. But just a minimal everyday makeup routine that you can do in 5 minutes will seriously elevate your look and make you feel more put together. But the secret to getting that true clean girl look and not clogging your pores is in the products you use. Obviously, you don't need to use a full coverage foundation every day. Just a tinted moisturizer, a little bit of concealer, brow gel, and lip balm is enough. Trust me, this will make it look like you spent so much more time on your face than you actually did. And honestly, just taking a little bit of time for yourself can totally transform how you feel. Like to be real, I do feel more confident and put together when I have a little bit of makeup on. I just feel more prepared and ready for my day. So find the right products for you and curate your own 5-minute routine. But if you don't like wearing makeup or you don't want to wear makeup everyday, then don't do it. Obviously, you know what's best for you. The secret to looking lowmaintenance is not about doing the most every day, but it's actually putting in a little bit of effort ahead of time so that your everyday routine can feel effortless. If you found this helpful and you want to try adding some of these habits into your beauty routine, just stick with one or two. Do not try to overhaul your entire life. The whole point of this is to make your life simpler, not overwhelming. As always, if you want more videos like this, then please take a second to like and subscribe. It's the best way to support the channel and grow our little community. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @allison_baek [104 likes]: Which of these 10 habits would you actually do?? 👀
  2. @hnewmie [5 likes]: 27 and been chasing skincare since I had all over acne in my teens. I’ve been derma rolling, dry brushing, suction cupping, lemon juice toning, gua shua recently with last pregnancy, and much more. I’ve gotten compliments on my skin over the years with hopes of not looking like a yoghurt covered raisin in about 20 from now
  3. @Macarenabrasilia358 [1 likes]: Eres ondulada y tú cabello lo asume, solo faltas tú🤷🏻‍♂️
Abrazo 🫂 
Desde Chile 🇨🇱 
Cariños 💖
  4. @Julia-ox1eo [1 likes]: Girls if you have that bumpy skin on your arms dry brushing actually helps!! I started using it just for exfoliation and noticed that the bumps were GONE literally after a couple of uses
  5. @BellaCarnegie [1 likes]: what oil do you recommend I use before gua sha?
  6. @sarahkatecre8 [1 likes]: Does anyone else struggle with a silicone scalp brush? It grips to my hair alot maybe Im using it wrong
  7. @Kimiaette: Why have u made ur faces this white? Don u think it’s just better and easier to accept u are not white?
  8. @Briannalayne-u5d: definately works
  9. @angelaanastasellis9796: Mouth taping is ridiculous 😒 what if your nose gets blocked and you unalive yourself because you worried about your face. Do you but don't spread BS dangerous things. I mean do you morph into Hannibal Lector at night. Gosh you genz are whack.
  10. @ivory3851: I want to look HIGH MAINTENANCE with low maintenance please
  11. @candycrushrr: Ipl quick?! Girl pls….do they Sponsor you?
  12. @GranierBruffee: Your skin is literally glowing!
  13. @bananabeavis: 12:55 watching this whilst doing a full beat
  14. @LinhhNguyễn-h4w: How long did it take before you saw a noticeable change in your face shape from guasha?
  15. @SouToukal: All you need to do is love yourself for who you are ✨. And just a note, if you don't have gua sha, you can use your fingers; they're really effective.
  16. @rosiehmqt: Thank you so much for this! Truthfully, I am coming out of a depressed state and had given up on a lot of these habits. It's nice to get some inspiration to take better care of me. And, the at home light and IPL therapy are so exciting to know about! ☺️✨️🪷🦋
  17. @itsannarova: Amazing video - thank you! Bought the guasha and the scalp brush!
  18. @AliyasAffirmations: Hello ❤️

I have made a special subliminal affirmations video to help you think your way to more beauty and youthfulness!


https://youtu.be/gTRfsscZd5w?si=UBHxVZxztsn9nFLA
  19. @angelashoson8900: Thank you for this breakdown
  20. @beyzacelik1330: Coffee=me
Me=coffee otherwise how am i gonna stay awake 😢

- my full HIGH MAINTENANCE routine to *stay pretty* | no secrets, no gatekeeping: Kind: captions Language: en Hi gorgeous, glamorous girls and welcome back to my YouTube channel. [Music] My maintenance routine, all the highmaintenance things that I do to stay lowmaintenance. My maintenance routine is an art that I've perfected. I'm hoping that you guys can take some inspiration from it, learn from it. We're going to talk through everything from skincare, body care, makeup, hair care, fake tanning, the entire process, everything that goes into looking the way that I do. What is actually involved? Leave me a comment and let me know what the most integral part of your maintenance routine is, cuz I want to know. Let's get into it, girlies. I've got my iPad out because I had to write down a bunch of notes for this. I don't want to forget anything. Let's start with everything that I do daily. So the first and I would say one of the most important things is moisturizing my body daily. Keeping your skin really really hydrated is very important but particularly important for us fake tanners. Your skin can get ashy and dried out and flaky and look so gross so quickly if you're always fake tanning. So using a really really thick moisturizer is so important. I love Bioderma. I love Nivea. I love Carave. Like I use really really thick body cream every single day from day two or three hair wash day onwards. I apply dry shampoo to my roots and oil to the ends of my hair. That's just a part of my routine now. Second nature. I love Ollex number seven in the ends and any kind of dry shampoo in the roots. The reason that you apply dry shampoo at night time is it like sinks into your hair overnight and if you apply it in the morning, you get that white cast. If you do it before bed, it's had time to settle in and you just wake up with lovely fresh looking hair, even if you're in between washes. Every single day, I brush my teeth with whitening toothpaste. Helps keep my teeth super white and fresh in between whitening. I apply clinical roll-on deodorant every morning and every night. Clinical deodorant is not talked about enough. You'll be smelling so clean and fresh if you consistently use clinical deodorant. It's like super extra strength deodorant and it comes in a roller. You can get it from any kind of pharmacy or drugstore. It actually says on the back of the bottle that the clinical deodorant works better if you apply it before bed. Again, I think it has time to soak into your skin or whatever. I've my whole life applied deodorant before bed. I just like don't like the idea of sweating or smelling gross in my sleep. Yeah. Morning and night clinical rolland deodorant. Make the switch. I promise it will change your life. I take fiber supplements every single day and track my fiber and protein intake every single day. 30 gram of fiber and 100 gram of protein. And that is the tracking that I do. I don't count my calories. I've talked about this before. That's just not good for my mental health. Managing my fiber intake and increasing my fiber intake has made all the difference. I have previously struggled with really bad food noise and fiber helped so much with that. It actually fills me up all day so I'm not constantly hungry or thinking about food or snacking and tempted to like eat random stuff. Like I am full. I'm satisfied after every single meal and fiber supplements really helped. I take the Lei. I think it's Lemi number two. Definitely to be used in conjunction with your diet. And in terms of protein, I work out three times a week. I walk 10k steps a day. So protein is important to like maintain my muscle and keep me really full all day. So yeah, those are two important things I do for my figure maintenance, if that makes sense. I try to do 10k steps a day. I've recently been wearing this upwatch. so ugly. I need to get a better band for it. But it made me realize that I do a lot more steps than what I thought because I was previously tracking on my phone. So, I would recommend getting an Apple Watch if you can. But I find that truly that's just the best way for me to stay in shape. I have a walking pad, so it's really easy for me to just jump on my pad and get my steps in while I watch TV or scroll on my phone or do some work on my phone, whatever it is. And the last thing that I do every single day is skinincare. Obviously, I never sleep with my makeup on. That's unheard of. I cleanse everyday, morning and night. I apply vitamin C serum every single day. I've spoken about this on my channel before. Vitamin C is lifechanging. It I used to have a really uneven skin tone and suffer with redness and vitamin C is the only thing that cleared it up. In the mornings, particularly during the summer, I will apply SPF, like an SPF moisturizer. And in the evenings, I do slugging. So, I apply a very thick cream. At the moment, I'm obsessed with the Wa Skin Food, the super rich cream. It makes my skin glow. And I also love the thick Nivea cream in the blue tin. So good. Both of them are amazing. And that pretty much rounds up my daily maintenance. Moving on to weekly maintenance. Usually twice a week, occasionally once a week, I double shampoo and deep condition my hair. If you're not double shampooing, you're doing it wrong. The first shampoo like gets rid of the product, the dirt or whatever, it's not actually getting the product into your roots. The second shampoo, because your hair has been cleaned off, you can really get in there and you'll notice it lathers up so much more and your hair will feel so much cleaner. So, I double shampoo every single time I wash my hair. And what I mean by deep condition, I apply my conditioner in the shower, claw clip it up, and let it sit for like 3 to 5 minutes, and then wash it off. I've got this in the weekly section, but it's usually every 2 weeks. I do a hair mask every second hair wash. At the moment, I've been glossing using the L'Oreal gloss, which is amazing. What is it called? The L'Oreal leave-in lamination. I love it. It makes my hair look so silky. I swap out conditioner for a hair mask, and it makes all the difference. You can do leave-in hair masks as well. I do that sometimes. I love the K18 one. This is where we really get into it cuz this is my fake tan schedule, which is just crazy. Sometimes I'm like, I can't believe I actually do this every week. It's exhausting. But putting in all that work to me is just better than being pale. I don't know. So, this is what I do once a week. Shave, exfoliate in the shower. I always exfoliate first and then shave. That's a mistake I used to make when I was younger. I used to shave and then exfoliate. And it really irritates your follicles. That's how I would get that spotty look on my legs. So, yes, I shave my legs once a week. that works for me. I have blonde hair and they don't go super long. So, in the summertime, if I have heaps of events or stuff, I might shave more than that if I needed it, but that's what works for me. Obviously, other areas, armpits, etc., I do more than once a week, sporadically in the shower whenever I need to. To take off my tan in the shower, I use some sort of scrub or I also like the Bispod tan remover gel. I scrub it off with a exfoliator mitt and I shave. And then when I get out of the shower, I try to give my skin a little bit of time before applying the fake tan. I'm a busy gal and in a rush when it comes to tanning, so I don't always wait. Sometimes I just tan straight away. If I have the time, I will always wait because I feel like it makes a difference. If you can scrub it off in the morning and apply your tan in the evenings, it will look better. In terms of tanning, my absolute favorite at the moment is Baddis Bod Ultra Dark 2Hour Express. And if I'm doing that tan, I literally only leave it on for two hours. You don't need to leave it on longer. A lot of 2-hour tans I find you need to leave overnight or way more hours than suggested. But that one I genuinely only need to leave for 2 hours and I will wake up with the most beautiful bronze tan. When I'm washing off a tan, I always wash it off with lukewarm water and literally only get in for 2 minutes. Like, you're not doing a whole another big shower where you're using soap and standing under the warm water for 10 minutes. I'm in and out in lukewarm water. Literally just rinsing off my skin. And you'll always get a deeper tan like that. Once I'm out of the shower and I've washed it off, I never apply lotions or anything like that straight away. Literally just pat my body dry with a towel, put my pajamas on, and go to bed. When I wake up the next morning, I'll have a beautiful bronzed stunning glow. And then going forward, every shower after that is when I do my deep, rich moisturization that locks in the tan and keeps it really nice. Sometimes, particularly in the summer when I'm wearing lots of shorts and dresses, etc., I like to use something to maintain my tan. I've been using the Barley Body Self-Tan Milk in between tans to keep it looking really dark. I also like the Loving Tan gradual tanning lotion. And my absolute favorite ever way to keep a tan looking super dark and top it up is the B Tan Rocks, I think it's called, clear tanning gel in ultra dark. That is an essential if you're going on a vacation and swimming in the ocean and pools and stuff. Apply that every night like a moisturizer and you'll be dark for days. That gets me almost 2 weeks out of a tan if I do that every second night. I'm exhausted after even telling you guys my fake tan schedule. It's crazy. Oh, and one last thing, face tan. I do that obviously when I do my tan. I do a special face tan as well. And I top up my face tan probably every 3 days. Next, once a week, I like to steam and iron my clothes. I used to steam and iron before I would wear something, and it's exhausting to do that. So, I've been trying to have a weekly day where I iron everything at once, and it makes such a difference rather than putting it away and worrying about it when you go to wear it because I actually want to wear my clothes now because they're ironed, they're ready to go. So, if you just dedicate an hour out of your week to do that, it will make such a difference. And also, wearing clothes that are perfectly pressed and without creases, you will look so much more put together. Such a clean girl hack. And next weekly, this one is I feel like often overlooked, but I change my bedding. Change my pillowcases. I think that sleeping in dirty bed sheets makes you break out. It makes your skin look gross. Break out on your face and your body. It's just not nice. It's yucky. It's such an easy thing to do once a week. Me and my boyfriend do it together on a Sunday. Fresh sheets and you're set for the week. And I think that's pretty much it. That's my weekly wrap-up of all the things that I do. And lastly, things that I do monthly or occasionally. Clean out my vanity and my makeup brushes. I'm putting this in there to remind myself to do this because it's been so long since I've done this. Using dirty brushes and stuff is yucky. It's not good for your skin. It's not good for creating an aesthetic routine for yourself. I'm due for that ASAP. I try and do it every few months, but at the moment, to be completely honest with you, it's really gotten away from me. And it's been ages since I've done this. Nails, I do this every 2 to 3 weeks, and it depends on what phase that I'm in. So, you guys probably know I'm usually a press on nail girly, and I do that every two weeks. I do them myself. I get them from my favorite brand, Glowy normally. Sometimes I get them from CottonOn, just depends. I've got the full-on nail drill. I do the full works myself. I soak them and pull them off and then file down my nails with the nail drill. do the buffing and all of that so that the surface is very smooth. That's the most important thing. You don't need the professional drill. You can just do this with a what's it called? Nail file and file on the nail, the actual nail. Yes, this is not good for your nails, but like is acrylics good for your nails? Is like whatever. File down your actual nail so you have a really smooth surface. Rinse it off with water so that there's nothing on your nail and then apply glue to the nail. Hold it for 45 seconds and release. And that exact process gets me two weeks of wear with press on nails without them falling off. I do whitening strips every couple of months. I like the OralB whitening strips. They're the best. I've tried a bunch of whitening strip brands and none of them hit like Oral B. Oral B is the absolute best of the best. Having a super white smile is such an easy way to glow up. And I say this a lot, too. Like even just smiling is such an easy way to glow up. And if you've got a really white, bright, pretty smile, you're going to be more inclined to smile all the time. So, I think it's definitely worth doing. Another thing that I do monthly is get a wet wipe and I wipe down my shoes, bags, and purses. Keeping everything looking clean and tidy is so important. We don't want to be walking around with scuffed, dirty sneakers. It takes a couple of seconds, and it makes a world of difference. Once every 2 or 3 months, I will go to the Benefit Brow Bar and get a brow wax. I don't tint my eyebrows because I like to leave them natural. I literally only just use a clear brow gel every single day. And the only place that I will ever trust to do my brows is the Benefit Brow Bar. I've tried other brow waxing places. And none of them hit the same way as Benefit. I just feel like they really get it there, and I always leave with brows that I'm really happy about. So, I can confidently recommend them to you guys so strongly. They have never missed. And lastly, perfume layering. I like to switch up my perfume combo seasonally. So, if I'm in summer, I'll use a certain thing. If I'm in spring, I'll use a certain thing, etc. I just love switching things up and changing the vibes. So, I try and figure out the perfect scent layering combo with a lotion, a body spray, and a perfume that is perfect for each season. It's just hit winter in Australia right now. So, I'm back to YSL Libra and using vanilla scented body lotions and body sprays because in the colder months, I like a really cozy, rich kind of scent. I just think it's a fun thing to do to have a different seasonal scent combination. So, I would definitely recommend that you guys try that. And that is officially my entire maintenance schedule. I know that's crazy and I sound very high maintenance because that's a lot of stuff, but it's the truth. Looking your best and as put together as you possibly can be is a full-time job. It's hard work. If you want to look your best, you can't be lazy about it. You got to put in the effort and you will reap the rewards. For me personally, when I'm doing all of that stuff consistently, I'm the most confident version of myself, which positively impacts every aspect of my life. Confidence is so important. And I'm not saying that you have to do all of those things to be confident. You just need to figure out your own routine of things to do that helps you to be as confident as you possibly can be. I know it sounds vain, and I'm sure that there's people watching this who think that it's vain or self-absorbed, but I don't do these things. So, it's like I can be the most beautiful girl in the room. I'm doing this to boost my own confidence and be the best version of myself. When I look put together, my entire life is more put together. And personally, I don't think that there's a problem with that. I think that confidence is the secret to success, the key to living your best life. I think that we should all be doing everything we can to be our most confident selves. So, if you're not already, make sure you subscribe to my YouTube channel because there's loads more exciting things to come. and I would love to have you join my gorgeous, glamorous family. And don't forget to come over and follow me on Tik Tok and Instagram for more similar girly glamorous content. I hope you can take something from today's video and I'll see you guys next week. I love you. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ScarlettFrazer [24 likes]: 📣 GIRLIES!!!! Turn on my post notifications so you don’t miss anything 💗 (& I love chatting with you guys in the early comments) 

XOXO
  2. @dr_judith_mendez [4 likes]: The "no gatekeeping" energy of this video is everything. I feel like so many beauty creators hold back their real routines but you just laid it all out. The skincare section especially — investing in quality products and being consistent really does make the biggest difference. Your skin is genuinely glowing. Subscribed!
  3. @cetinozden6937 [1 likes]: Hello love you are wonderfull 💕💗🥰😇
  4. @seblifewish5973 [1 likes]: ❤️ Baaabe, I want you to know that I admire your moxie and dedication for all the time and effort you invest into glowing up your best self; however, I've become everything that man should be with the brains, the brawn and pretty privilege and I've incurred unwanted attention too dangerous for you so I have to leave you behind  with all the insane delusional nonsense of the world to start a religious corporation with the queens and princesses so we can obtain creditor licensing for negative interest loans to save the planet, make the tech to not die and protect women from brainwashing together! I'll make and keep a place for you by my side for when you want more out of life like I do! I love you! So long darling! 🦄
  5. @Catcall-r2p [1 likes]: 😍😍😍😍
  6. @axelkloss8299: I have a video of fashion
  7. @axelkloss8299: I like your video
  8. @GregRaymond-z1l: Hello Miss Scarlett. Aussie Dude Here. Just Saying, You Don't Have To Try Too Hard To Stay Pretty Dude. You Are Stunning Mate. If It Ain't Broke, Don't Fix It. Bye.❤❤😅😅
  9. @OfficialRXO: Ricky XO been on the same wave check him out
  10. @TestTest-pf9wd: HOT
  11. @user-rp4rk9kt1l: I am poor girl I hope I get married and my husband spoils me ❤
  12. @fo735: I apologise if you mentioned this and I didn’t catch it but where do you get your hair done and what do u ask for?
  13. @beautifulanimals6924: You go girl!
  14. @nikitaniki19: Getting my brows done professionally, waxed and tinted. Cant live without it
  15. @Figuresk8Cupcake6: You’re my favorite YouTuber ever 🩷💖💕💞💓💓
  16. @jfoxbeauty: Ugh I love this. 💖💖
  17. @honeymayfair-rt9tc: 👍👍👍👍 great advices , thanks for share 👏👏👏🎉
  18. @interestimage: Researching platinum ulta beauty online
  19. @honeymayfair-rt9tc: 👍👍👍👍
  20. @SarahHamurcu: What’s your lip combo in the video?

- Model Morning Routine | Breakfast, Skincare, Hair | Romee Strijd: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] morning guys so today today that Lawrence is going to fill my morning routine first thing I start with is water of course I've tried to finish a whole quest when I wake up because I'm always so thirsty so the first thing I do is rinse my face with cold water to wake myself up so this morning I'm doing a super simple breakfast it only takes like one minute and we're staying in a hotel so I brought my own things this is coconut yogurt with mango taste these are red berries and this is a mix of hemp seeds chia seeds and flax seeds I just love coconut yogurt so much because this one also has it's called coconut Cove and it has a really nice probiotic blend and probiotics are really good for the gut and I take like three to four spoons and now I'm gonna add my homemade hemp sea chia seed flax seed mix and make it always my home and bring it in a little container it's a lot of protein and chia seeds and flax seeds have a lot of fun I take like three to four spoons I put it over there your works and then I top it with a lot of red fruits so now my breakfast is done I take my phone off airplane mode and I take some time to like watch it messages whatever emails and during my breakfast so the thing that I've been trying lately is dry brushing because I've heard is really good for like into the drainage and it's also really good for blood flow and it's really important you always brush towards your heart so I always start with my ankles and I just go upwards and they say it also helps I love it like Sunday night and I do my belly towards my heart arms and you do this before you shower because all the dead cells in me shower off now when you hear you brush this way because your brush to watch the heart that's done [Applause] I just came out of the shower and now it's time to brush my teeth we're using this Trader Joe's truth face at the moment with baking soda and there right now it's that to brush my hair and I love this brush because it's not like one of those hard brushes that this choice your hair so either this one or like a tight little teaser it's really good for your hair and then as you guys know I use Kisumu hair oil in the ends of my hair like three drops I think just immense because if that put it too much on top my hair gets to flip and they're too like some boolean knots time to start with the skin care and I'm obsessed with this augustin Vader I used a rich creamy also I have the regular formula is called the cream and then I put this in my hand and I add a little bit of the Clarins drops I always do it it gives you like a little bit of a glow 3 maybe 4 tips it was 5 and I just mix it in my moisturizer to make sure you put it everywhere and also a little bit in your neck because you don't want a 10 phase and appeal neck this cream just feels really hydrating I'm really a little bit not it's time to do some body lotion really important to keep your skin hydrated especially as a lingerie moment this one is really nice because it's super clean and it's just super moisturizing but not too like I don't like it when it's sticky so after my moisturizer I use this eye cream from Plata foam I also feel like this moisturizer concealer before glow as you can see so after that I'm using this SPF from its clinical and I really like this one is really important to wear SPF even when it's winter I never knew I always thought you only have to wear sunscreen in the summer but apparently you also get a lot of like sunlight in the winter then you've seen this thing before I do my little scope thing sometimes I even put it in the freezer because it's a really nice feeling when it's cold there are a lot of different ways to do it I mean you have like headache or like a lot of pressure in here you can like do with this when you have like tension in your neck you can go like this and like press here you can go upwards if you want to lift you can go downwards if you want more of like a lymphatic drainage and because I go to work today I'm not gonna play any makeup but I always do some eyebrow gel and eyelash curler and they fall - I feel like it just gives you more of like an awakened look and I always brush my eyebrows upwards and I'm using is Sisley lip balm now it's time to blow dry my hair I hope this one works I'm not the biggest fan of blow-drying my hair and the girls with long hair can probably relate because it takes for ever but it's done and now I just like to this is like a heated brush and I do the ends of my hair and a little bit this part because sometimes it just looks a little weird okay and now I'm ready to get dressed okay guys I'm dressed I'm ready to go to work this was a little bit of a different video than we usually do but some of you requested so I was like let's give it a try let me know in the comments if you guys liked it and what else you would love to see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @LivingDead53: I use one of the lotions you use, the Ceve.  I have paid for burns and fun in the sun, but it felt so good that I don't mind the damage.  What was youth and ADHD for, right?  I like how these models are so humble and explain that their job is to be beautiful. Most youths are attractive, but a girl doesn't get to be beautiful long or if ever. That's when you have to sneak and be coy to defeat the other girls for the trophies in life.  I'm sure we all know that one girl who has it all together as the Queen.
  2. @Amira2026May: If I eat like that, I would not poop.
  3. @TestTest-pf9wd: .
  4. @TestTest-pf9wd: .
  5. @TestTest-pf9wd: 7:30
  6. @TestTest-pf9wd: roitine
  7. @danakhalife: ❤
  8. @Mark-y3i2m: U have a good routine I'm sure.  My routine is nothing to talk about. I would rather have urs than mine
  9. @TestTest-pf9wd: 7:30
  10. @nggoldenpearl: What a lot of unnecessary fuss … if she had to go to normal work like everyone else she would see the reality !
  11. @TestTest-pf9wd: Naomi🩵🩵
  12. @TestTest-pf9wd: Bett
  13. @KelvinBailey-s2c: I am 48 years old I would like to see you in person please over in Britain Colchester
  14. @zuzanac4898: Pri jedle sa nema pozerat mobilny telefon, na jedlo sa ma sustredit.
Semienka, aj vlocky je vhodne predtym namocit do vody. Dat to len do jogurtu a jest neni ok.
  15. @carolinewolf565: Thanks for the tips.🫶✌️
  16. @courtneydesmarais3842: Would love to see a product list!
  17. @HoneyBella-c9f: She looks like Candice
  18. @Nimezida28: Сначала надо зубы почистить, а потом воду пить😊
  19. @EllePrays: I wash my hands and brush my teeth first thing in the morning 😮
  20. @ΣτελλαΓεραση: ❤❤❤

- I Stayed at the World’s Best Detox Retreat (Traumatising): Kind: captions Language: en when you hear the words detox retreat what exactly comes to mind healthy food yoga meditation well that's what I thought I'd signed up to but as I soon found out I had a completely different and quite traumatizing experience ahead of me last month I was at home in London indulging in bad habits eating bad food barely sleeping and the effects were showing physically but more mentally that was when I came across a place called santani voted as one of the best wellness retreats in the world they had something called a detox plant but does it actually work I hope so because it wasn't cheap the next day I got on my flight on my journey of detox and relaxation was about to begin [Music] upon arrival I was given lunch and quickly shown to my room but before any detoxing could begin and now I need to go for my doctor's consultation I don't really know what they're gonna ask me she had lots of questions about my lifestyle my diet my National Insurance number but I could have never prepared for what she told me next he is putting he's gonna put like what is it how long will it take around 30 minutes because 30 minutes in I've just got back from my doctor's consultation I don't think I've realized I knew what I was getting myself into now I do um so the place I'm at is called santani is a wellness Retreat if you're doing the detox it's five nights you have to stay here I was thinking you know detox retreat gonna have some juices some nice food I didn't think that they were gonna feed me laxatives every morning and the day before I leave putting oils in my office I'm apparently gonna shoot like five times after that most of you have probably heard of an enema before I hadn't and I didn't even know this existed I'm also not allowed to eat any food tomorrow so we're doing a juice fast which will be fun anyways enough of that this week is going to be an adventure idea welcome to my Mountain View Shadow this is my shower this is the sink area a huge mirror I don't know why always got to point out a mirror to you guys and apparently my new best friend for the week the toilet and uh probably it's b-day actually this is why Asia just always wins oh I've oh turn off looks like a pissed everywhere detox with Moringa why do I feel like that's gonna be a laxative as predicted uh yeah and this right here is my room I love this place so much I've just remembered I have a treatment no almost forgot my error which if you're wondering is a water bottle that holds water but you can change the taste of but it's still water zero sugar zero calories zero chemicals it's really clever and I'll explain how it works a bit later on I'm now walking back up to the spa because I have a 90 minute treatment which is included every day in my detox I feel like I'm a luxury react not that I would know what rehab's though I'm not gonna be getting the sauna this is definitely a first fail to watch the rain while sat in a sauna I have no idea how I'm gonna survive tomorrow without any food wow it looks like blood the treatment was quite strange I got massaged with this weird red oil I make videos on YouTube you will never see me about the camera if I don't have it with me something's wrong after some very questionable shots I had my dinner which was just incredible however after a long day of traveling it was time for me to go to bed and mentally prepare for the day ahead oh I'm not excited to have this just what I want to see in the morning it doesn't taste too bad it just doesn't feel like something I should be drinking after darning my delicious green laxative slush I have my first yoga session which was actually really painful however after burning a few calories I was so excited to have my first meal of the day hello good morning raspberry beetroot celery spinach pumpkin seed chassis tastes good one down the hatch okay so it's meant to go on a nature walk a few years a few years ago been napping um um and here is my second juices of the day so oh the weather sounds great doesn't it I've pretty much been asleep for half the day which is really annoying but it's okay because I was on my way to my second treatment consisting of hot oil being poured on my maybe I was naive to think I'd get a relaxing massage every day in a retreat that uses ancient medicine but it just felt strange and at this point I was asking myself what on Earth I'd signed up to I'm actually not feeling great right now to be honest um Red Apple turmeric and King coconut also in there amazing thank you so much I then spent the rest of the evening locked up in my room I honestly got a bit emotional but I was determined to make the next day a good one hello I just got woke up by this little monkey running on my roof you Chico monkey good morning everyone today is going to be a good day you know why because I'm allowed to eat today I didn't get up at 6am this morning because I had such a terrible night's sleep hello if you think you can hear an alarm you can and that's because the neighbors alarm had been going off for hours whilst I was trying to sleep I then walked to the restaurant with a huge smile across my face ready to eat my first meal first meal after juicing of course is more fruit so I wish it was like I've now got my actual breakfast it is an egg white omelette broccoli carrots spinach fully craving filling dish breakfast right now but despite feeling quite disappointed and still hungry I ran back to my room as the laxatives were well doing what laxatives do after losing a few kilos I shed a tear in the sauna contemplated life in the thermal pool and then had a body scrub treatment so the rain has calmed out a little bit I am heading to go get myself some lunch hopefully it's a bit more filling than breakfast and if it stops raining I'm gonna go face my biggest fear my air up is like the closest thing I'm getting to a sweet drink at the moment so for anyone wondering what this odd shaped water bottle is I've been carrying around with me this is my air up bottle the company that makes the bottles and these little pods let's be real we all probably don't drink as much water as we should and why do we think that is well water just tastes a bit boring long story short these little pods have a scent in them and when you drink the water through your air up bottle it tricks your brain into tasting the scent a lot of our taste is through smell this is my favorite flavor iced tea Peach there is no bad chemicals you're not taking in anything bad other than water I didn't know whether to believe it when I first got it but it genuinely works I've been drinking so much more water since get yourself an Arab bottle and try it yourself let me know what your favorite flavors are thank you to air out for sponsoring let's get back to Sri Lanka I then got a clip of me pretending to read had a much more fitting lunch of soup fish and some banana dessert however it was now time to go and face a fear of mine this may sound insignificant to you for me I've always been terrified of bees I know they have good intentions but I got stung a lot as a kid and I need to overcome my fear oh my God he's not even wearing gloves oh my God that is a lot of beers holy moly oh he's stung does it hurt a lot no I'm sorry guys unfortunately one of my biggest fears is still one of my fears there's lots of snakes here right yes I found this one in the reception oh my God Katy snakes wow and some Talent toolers oh my God you're not scared I'm not scared time is already 4 30 which means I'm a bit late for my next yoga session which Rudy got interrupted by the resident monkeys everyone got a bit distracted but I stuck around as I had a personal meditation session with the yogi first of all I have to tell you I can't teach meditation let your mind Wonder let your mind free let the thought come I love to talk lean as I got comfortable and at one with my breath I was slipping into a deep meditative state but then a mosquito decided to bite me they sent my mind into a world of anger as my meditation had been ruined by a tiny little blood-sucking fly I'm slightly concerned with how hungry I am I'm just praying they bring me something substantial or some meat I'm not allowed to eat again tomorrow so too much too much Cutlery are you sure he's easy enough you sure yeah I thought I was getting like eight courses no so this is my dinner admittedly my dinner did look a bit like baby food but at least it didn't taste too bad I've spent the last hour trying to fall asleep I think I counted about 87 sheep my tummy keeps rumbling I just need some food another half an hour I still haven't been able to sleep preparing you for a peaceful deep can hope so it's not a good look this is karma because last week I said that jet lag didn't exist here are my first juices of the day nice and warm because I left them outside so it is now day four I'm on my way to another treatment the doctor explained to me they've got some kind of concoction which they're pouring on me good morning how is this right here is the concoction one more day until they get traumatized UV index is currently 11. and the sun is out so 100 points to anyone who can guess what I've done so I'd buy myself at least it's going to turn into tan and this is the best time of year to be tanned because no one else is tan so when I go back to the UK I look even more tired here is my third meal of the day two more juices going full dad mode I'm taking the running shoes out on our height me and Sundance have started our mission now we have a long hike we're going down into the village we're about to see some spices hopefully some animals maybe some snakes it's crazy how you wear trousers and a shirt how are you not hot yeah it's quite hot hello after you drink it it's turned to Black oh it's Peppa it's pepper you just touch it oh wow wow the plant literally just folds away hello oh what the hell ah it's a little sick there he is wow wow that's amazing centuries yeah sorry about that good things and we finally made it to our destination which is the hanging bridge over the river I don't know how safe this is we're good to go yeah may I go first yeah you go first that's when you know it's not safe bro this is the sketchiest bridge I've ever been across okay it's not that bad it's not that bad there are a lot of dodgy planks so oh I'm okay oh sorry sorry there's no piranhas in here no it's so beautiful I'm really not helping the arm situation but I just got excited because I thought I was gonna be able to have food but I can't what an experience so so grateful I get to do this what did you buy I ordered just like that we have made it back to santani French coconut beautiful views I've just seen my face in the video is it really that burnt oh Lord at this point I was feeling really happy and content I had such a good day so good in fact that I completely forgot about what was happening the next day my enema good morning everyone guess he didn't wake up this morning however I guess who's allowed to eat me oh that's not looking good I then stupidly got in the thermal pool with my sunburn had my penultimate treatment and my breakfast which seemed to put me in a bit of a bad mood I just went to ask for my lunches and it's salad no I signed up for this I think I'm hungry again guys it's getting to me I then sat in my room counting down the minutes till lunch and I think they could tell I was angry as I cut a big bit of fish in my salad this is seriously a big moment let me know next up was my final doctor's consultation she told me a week ago I would lose a kilo but I actually lost 3 Kg which was a bit concerning she then felt my pulse and sorry I had a bit of a Tremor and told me to get my blood tested back in London for any thyroid problems turns out I do actually have some clinical hypothyroidism but as you can imagine I was a bit concerned about the final treatment and had a few questions for her and he is putting he's going to put like what is it a uh how is he gonna he will answer the catheter through this and a oil that can pacify these energies in the body will be inserted through this catheter how long will it take it will take around 30 minutes because 30 minutes in oh yeah definitely an experience oh Lord have mercy like this inside put the inside I don't even know if this should be allowed on YouTube yes I'm getting out of my comfort zone I love learning about different cultures experiences is currently putting a hot towel on my ass I might scream I hope I don't attack him I just lash out and just oh my God I'm gonna throw up I don't know if I hate the fact that he's surrendering stuff for the fact that he's just looking at me oh I can't believe this is my job well that was an experience I can say I will never partake in again um I do appreciate their medicine but I would rather just have a coffee in a vape if I need to so to summarize the whole Retreat it was crap well that's how I felt at certain points but since the retreat I've cut out some bad habits for good stayed committed to a lot of new habits and I honestly feel great and I didn't before so it clearly worked I've realized stepping out of your comfort zone might feel difficult in the moment but will always feel good after well most the time

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidfuchs7404: If you go to a rehab that treats you like a prince you’ll definitely relapse bc life won’t treat you like one
  2. @johnwalshire2884: Enemas, laxatives and an all white decor.  Some ironies there.
  3. @GreastPlacesTravelES: Overall, The locals are incredibly friendly and welcoming. , just saying
  4. @Quietstormcarm: I really enjoyed watching this presentation... thank you
  5. @ryss1: what a baby
  6. @calmdownnow21: This is simply just an expensive hotel.
  7. @Rosapali: Nice video✨

I'm part of Rosapali, a live and growing healing platform that's already being used by healers and creators worldwide. While watching you, I honestly felt this would fit you perfectly. You can create your own healing profile, offer classes, and even reuse your existing YouTube videos as content. If you're curious, feel free to explore it anytime💫
  8. @ssaj22: What a drama queen
  9. @tessouiddir: I would love to do thattttt :)
  10. @EbooCancun: Hey! Your page is super inspiring. I just started mine—hope you can check it out!
  11. @Ahmed-lr1rr: How is this channel not bigger??
  12. @Ahmed-lr1rr: I didnt know I needed this until now ??
  13. @funfungerman8401: Haha immedeatly noticed the Kratom 

For that Money you Can do way better then this a real expensive detox/vacation Place shouldnt rely on drugs to work
  14. @Yxudxntknxw: was the "ancient medicine" kratom? lol
  15. @shreyassrinivasa5983: Hehehe

You look great after detox
  16. @shemlockedx: I think this is a good retreat. It’s just that you are too distracted. Maybe it would have been better if you didnt use phone during your stay.
  17. @victoriax1002: what a negative disrespectful attitude you have
  18. @binmet1919: Dude said it was traumatic but he looked 5 years younger just a couple days in. Is this kid been hidden from holistic medicine? He about cried about enema
  19. @zacpaul3552: Maybe just do the retreat with out recording. Retreats are about switching off.
  20. @Pascal.Bassinger: I wished you‘d be a bit more of a man. This is slightly akward to be honest.

- Kim Kardashian's Personal Trainer Reveals It Only Takes 5 Minutes A Day To TRANSFORM Your Body: Kind: captions Language: en I started dealing with depression and anxiety at the same time and working with Physicians you know they're a little bit quick to push medication on you it was until I found a physician that was running marathons herself where she suggested actually getting stronger and when I saw what kind of a difference working out did for my mental health is when everything changed hey everyone I've got some huge news to share with you in the last 90 days 79.4% of our audience came from viewers and listeners that are not subscribed to this channel there's research that shows that if you want to create a habit make it easy to access by hitting the Subscribe button you're creating a habit of learning how to be happier healthier and more healed this would also mean the absolute world to me and help us make better bigger brighter content for you in the world subscribe right now the number one Health and Wellness podcast J shett J shett the one the only Jett hey everyone welcome back to on purpose the place you come to to become happier healthier and more healed now in 2024 I want to help you get fitter stronger calmer and feel like you have more courage and in order to do all those things I'm looking for guests experts and thought leaders who can help you build different muscles today's guest is a friend of mine and she is incredible here to help us get fitter and stronger I'm speaking about sonada grea a world-renowned thought leader in Fitness and Wellness sonada is the founder of We rise a female empowerment platform that takes a holistic approach to health wellness and personal development sined is also the founder of zenoa a women's athletic apparel brand that has outfitted thousands of women around the world with high performance and stylish active wear sonada has been sought after by some of the biggest names in the world she's trained Miranda Kerr Bebe rexa amongst many others and currently Sonata works with Kim Kardashian I'm so excited to welcome to the show my friend an incredible thought leader Sonata Greer Sonata Welcome to our purose thank you so much thank you for having me here I am so happy to have you we've been looking forward to this I remember when I DMD you a while ago and we got connected you came over to our home we were hanging out you've got to know RI and I definitely feel like before we dive into the fitness conversation I felt like there was a soul connection when we met absolutely and and I think that's what made me so excited to have this conversation with you so thank you for making time thank you so much for having me here I'm so excited and like you said there was that spiritual connection with both yourself and Rie and just yeah and honored so thank you so much for having me absolutely well 2024 is here we're already a few months in and most likely people have fallen short of some of their fitness goals some people might be kind of just holding on maybe some people are doing well as well if someone has fitness goals if someone has strength goals how do you start by setting a goal how do you start how do you start I actually a great statistic that I just reviewed from the rise app is that people were on average by week um doing three and a half workouts I was like yes something is working so far as as about a week ago so hopefully everybody keeps the momentum going but if you're looking to start I always say start small you know you want to climb that mountain one step at a time versus you know doing a uh a dayong trip so to speak so take the smallest step you know start with 20 minutes if we cannot start with 20 minutes start with 5 minutes or even 1 minute it and then build that habit because it's about creating that consistent habit day after day that will carry you through you know a lot of the time we think that motivation is what's needed and it's not it's it's that habit that we create on a daily basis so start small start with what is attainable create a daily calendar and make sure that you're placing hopefully that workout at the same time every day you're most likely to to stick to it create an environment that is supportive of you working out so if you are working out at home create a little space for yourself with all of your items workout items and if you're going to the gym then lay out your workout clothes lay out your shoes the night before some people actually even wear their their workout clothes to sleep and because it eliminates another step so how can you make it more accessible mhm and easy for yourself to to accomplish that and then what is the time of day that does actually work best for you when you feel more energetic there is no specific time that is you know this is the best time to work out um for whatever reason it's like what what time is best suited for your life and lifestyle I would suggest if possible for most beginners to to have it in the morning so you you know kind of get it out of the way and don't leave it up to chance for later in the day things occur you know wor and kids and a million things that you have to do throughout the day so if you leave it up to chance you most likely are not going to do it um but if you're confident if you're if you you know set that time aside even if it's in the afternoon which is when I work out myself that's when I find it that I'm most energetic and when I find in the afternoon for myself um there is some studies that suggest that the optimal time might be between 11: a.m. and uh and 5:00 p.m. but again I say when is it more accessible to you that's that's key absolutely that let's say someone I and I think this is the world we live in today where we look at five minutes and go what's the point of working out for five minutes so what's the point of working out for five minutes like what can you get in five minutes you'll start to create a habit and that's what's key about making Fitness a long a lifelong activity because I see it as not uh you know Sprint it's a lifelong Marathon you want to stay active throughout your entire life for as long as you can um so five minutes is just creating that habit you won't see drastic results you might see no results from five minutes but five minutes today for a week 10 minutes the next week for a week and then you start building from there again that makes it just more accessible and creates that habit and uh it does take some time for for for a habit to be especially when it comes to Fitness to to be St Lish somewhere between 21 days might be when you're like starting to to create a foundation but some research f um shows that it's actually around like 60 66 days when you really solidify that that habit of working out so while in the you know in the immediate term like it doesn't really provide results that five minutes will just set you up for Success absolutely I think that's such a good point like we look at it as like oh five minutes isn't doesn't have any value but you commit to something for 5 minutes a day and you keeping that promise to yourselfa to turn up every single day that's what matters about the five minutes exactly it builds that self-confidence too in yourself you know your body listens as in with meditation too five minutes might not break you through to where you need to be but five minutes every day and you're setting up that that habit and you're also saying like yes I got this I'm doing it you know I'm dedicating five minutes uh to myself for myself absolutely so let's say someone's listening right now and they say Sonata J I'm with you I only have five minutes what do I do with five minutes what should they do in a five minute workout if that's all they have and they're starting out yeah there's five minutes just jump on uh you can let's start with a treadmill you know we can um just warm up for a minute do maybe a few squads just some of the basic movements um and maybe deadlifts I you know where I'm going to this it's a little bit more more strength training focused for me but um you know do something to warm you up for for a minute or so and then go into some squats going into some deadlifts going into some like major movements that will Target some of the biggest muscles in your body maybe do some rows and then you got a few movements covered there if someone's at home and they don't have any gym equipment and don't equipment you still you still utilize your body weight it's perfectly fine to do so even if you're starting out out squat to see so basically just squat to your seat stand up squat to your seat stand up um you can do hip thrust back uh of your shoulders on the couch feet planted on the ground hip thrust body weight perfectly fine grab a kid put him on your hips the K or any object I'm a big believer that you can turn anything around your house into something to work out with add a little bit of extra resistance um and it's it's doable will you always fit and energetic and strong was that always been a part of your life or is it something that you had to develop at a certain point as a kid I've always been active I love being outdoors playing with friends whenever I could be outside I would I would be on trees picking fruit CU you know in Albania we have to kind of like Forge a little bit for ourselves and or like um on rooftops um just just an active kid I played Sports um so I've always been active not necessarily like strong fit more active into the teenage years unfortunately that's shifted where you know your body changes so I was trying to deal with this extra weight that I was like starting to carry and um I started to work out for the wrong reasons which I would consider is you know trying to be as skinny as possible limiting food intake to be as thin as possible so it shifted in that fashion and that was not a healthy way to work out um and then you know I started dealing with depression and anxiety at the same time I think everything kind of like hit at the same time and um working with Physicians you know they're a little bit quick to push medication on you which which I I did um I did take but it wasn't until I found a physician that was running marathons herself where where she suggested you know actually getting stronger and that's what what made the biggest difference for me is gaining that strength working out for the right reasons which for me at the time were mental um for my mental health working out did for my mental health whenever is when everything changed now I was nurturing my body for health versus um dieting it to to be as skinny as possible so it has taken the Journey of Fitness for me has taken a bit of uh uh of a of a path of a different path throughout the years and then but when I found strength when I found strength training is when I found the strength in me and um I was able to overcome a lot of the things that were that were Weighing on me that were affecting me like depression anxiety Y and then eating disorders walk us through how just you know walk us through the dangers of I guess the way like you said the wrong reasons walk us through some of the dangers physically and biologically of what happens to the body when we're starving the body or when we're not right really helping ourselves in the right way of course I mean you if you're working I mean there's there's extremes to everything so while working out is good doing workouts to the extreme for hours on end while Mal nourishing the body can be detrimental to your physique where you're not uh incorporating those nutrients that your your body needs so you're depleting yourself to uh to extreme levels both with the nutrition and the physical activity so um it it's it is not healthy it's not healthy mentally it's not healthy physically your your your body starts to deteriorate you know you see your like gums and teeth deteriorate and you know everything else that goes on internally um that goes with that so it is not healthy it is not healthy while being thin naturally can absolutely be healthy it's there's nothing wrong with that but when it happens in a forced manner when you're starving yourself and when you're working out to to extremes that's when it becomes unhealthy yeah walk us through the different types of exercise you obviously focus on strength training I want to hear about the benefits of that but you know people are trying to make sense of like do I need to do Pilates do I need to do yoga do I need to do hit workouts do I need you know there's just so much on offer today especially in LA but there's so much on offer all over the world people are just wondering what's going to work I was telling you earlier that you know if I'm doing a workout and I'm not seeing progress either in strength or physique or whatever it may be then you get discouraged and then you let go of it so walk us through the different benefits of different exercises and why strength training is a priority for you in my actual programming I also incorporate some higher intensity and I try to weave in a little bit of fun cardio so I do incorporate different modalities it's not strictly you know strength training or and it's not powerlifting by any means is is strength training but I do incorporate like hit sessions and and some cardio because you need I value all of the components uh all of the different modalities but for me strength training is sort of like the the golden standard because that is what is going to strengthen your bones that's what's going to build muscle mass and a vast array of other benefits um that not every modality has you know strength training is proven to to increase like I said bone bone density and muscle m w which are so crucial to longevity and a healthy longevity and you know longevity now has become such a buzzword and if you could do one thing for your longevity is strength is strength train what's actually happening when we do strength training like why does it link to longevity the bone density is an important part what else is happening because of strength training because what I always hear about is you know as you get older and if you fall over you need the strength to pick yourself back up but like what how is strength training in other ways really impacting our longevity yeah I mean because it is in our bone our bone density Max is reached at about age 25 to 30 and from there we start to lose bone density and by the age 40 and on we start to lose bone density faster than we can build it so then what happens at that point is that when we do fall we break a hip or a wrist and then the chances of recovery from that are much less so that leads to death I think there is like 32,000 deaths caused from Fall injuries in adults like 65 and older and obviously if you can build and muscles the same way you start losing after the age of 30 believe it or not you start losing um muscle mass at about 3 to 8% um every decade so that's that's an incredible those are incredible numbers I mean at the age 30 is a little bit slower but then it starts to pick up at 40 50 and then by 60 is even faster so if you can build as much as you can in bone and muscle as when you can that will just help you carry um it will help you carry yourself through and and healthier in the in the older years in the in the later years of life because again you can either prevent yourself for falling or you can recover faster from an injury because your bone density um is where it it it is more optimal than it would have been if you hadn't been building that bone mass and especially for women women are more prone to osteoporosis which is bone density loss than men um and by by menopause the the numbers are staggering as to that bone density loss um and for men actually even though the ostosis um instance is less than women their causality of death their death due to Falls is higher than women oh wow so I mean a lot of the time I know it's like when we're in our in our 20s or even our 30s we think of ourselves as Invincible you know we've got these amazing bodies they're they're incredible of course but how do we prepare ourselves now when it is possible for the future ourselves our future self will will think us this is really powerful stuff Sonata this is really going to connect with the audience to hear these reset studies and recognizing the changes that are happening in every decade because I think so many of us like you said and I remember that I remember being 22 years old and thinking I was Superman right and thinking nothing could defeat me and I remember my dad kept telling me you need to focus on your health you need to focus on your health and I was like I'm healthy it doesn't matter and then you know when I had a couple of my own personal challenges with health it really kind of stuck with me as to what an investment it needed to be what are some of the biggest things that you consistently see getting in people's way when they're trying to get fit and stronger what are the challenges the most common ones that you see people that you've trained over the years that you find they struggle with well the first one is relying on feelings a lot of people rely on motivation I don't feel motivated so you know how or how do you get motivated to work out a lot of the time I just am not motivated I don't want to necessarily work out the coziness of the home is is a lot better than you know getting up and getting moving but it's uh we we don't rely on that you know you take that you take those feelings you put them aside and you put your shoes and you keep going cuz that's what you do it's like brushing your teeth you there's no there's no for me there's no um it's a non-negotiable working out is a non-negotiable not just for right now not because of Aesthetics but for longevity like we were talking about quality longevity um Aesthetics come it's beautiful once you do the things the right things for your body with nutrition and working out Aesthetics are a byproduct that will come because a lot of people take that approach of like wanting to look a certain way which I find can be motivating but for it's it's shortlived especially if the results are taking a little bit longer which could take longer for some people but if you are doing it again for those right reasons for the reasons of like I want to be as strong as I can in this body so this body can carry me forward in a healthiest possible way for as long as as uh as possible so that is the the biggest one that I face is like how do you how do I get motivated how do I stay motivated it's like act don't wait for the feelings act um the other thing is I'm too busy I'm too busy there's always time I'm sorry but you can always make time for yourself you can find that time a lot of the time we find I'll even there there's been even arguments back and forth with people on Instagram you know I don't have time yet two hours later they're still responding to that same chain of communication well you had two hours right there you have time A lot of the time is just we we analyze your day just analyze your day as to where you're you're spending time that you could carve out not saying don't watch TV or don't don't be on social media TV exactly do that how can you incorporate it I found that for me incorporating is so exactly and I'm I'm a big big believer of like not doing All or Nothing mhm so even when it comes to nutrition it's like you want to eat a burger fine just how can you maybe take one of the sides of the bun out you know what I mean how can you substitute half of the fries with a salad just like don't don't completely take things out try to incorporate uh in your life so find out there there's definitely always a little bit of time that you can find absolutely yeah when going back to the feelings Point yeah I found that things that are good for me feel bad before yes but feel amazing after exactly and the things that are bad for me they feel really good before but they don't feel so great after and so I'm the same as you when I wake up in the morning I often go on a hike that's like how I like to start my morning I like fresh air I'm going out for a walk I like sweating and I like being active and I don't want to do something too strenuous because my day is quite bus exact and I found that when I wake up in the morning I don't want to out I don't feel like it and you're so right that I just have to say to myself I have to remind myself but I know how I'll feel after and when it comes to eating a burger trust me I want to eat a burger all the time and I have to remind myself but I know how it's going to feel after and so it's almost like you've got to connect your brain to the after feeling absolutely because the after feeling is so much more what you have to live with because the feeling before kind of comes and goes exactly I want to eat a burger I ate a Burger now I don't feel so great I don't want to work out I ignore working out I didn't work out now I don't feel so great right and you're living with that feeling after for much longer than you're living with the feeling before very true very true so that's definitely help me and and the busy one is so true I mean I feel like if I work out while watching I love watching football soccer highlights I miss watching soccer and I don't get to watch it uh full I don't get to watch full games anymore because differents because I live in LA the game in London or England and I will put on a highlights of the game which are like 20 minutes and I'm like this is perfect for a 20 minute workout I can watch the highlights I can work out and it's going to force me to get through 20 minutes whereas if I didn't have the highlights on I know I'd give up in like six yeah and so when the highlights are on I know that I'll be able to get through a full 20-minute workout which is what I'm trying to do if I'm traveling or or moving around so I I love that idea of incorporating things incorporating things and and that's true when it comes to creating habits that that are tough to to create in the beginning it how can you tack on something that that is is enjoyable like a little bit of a reward system and a reward system doesn't have to be that I get to eat you know whatever I want afterwards what is the right reward system for being fit because I think a lot of people think it isting getting to what you want yeah yeah yeah could be you know like you said you you like to watch the highlights you know a show that you that you enjoy or another activity that's enjoyable you know or if you want to treat yourself find maybe when it comes to food find a a healthier option I'm a great believer also in substituting you know a lot of the recipes that I post are I have a sweet tooth a major sweet tooth so how can I create recipes that are healthy that will satisfy and will taste just as good as the naughty uh food so it's just for every person it could be it could be different um what that reward for them is but tack it onto it and you know our um in in the We rise app we have Dr Gina who's a habits expert habits building expert one of the I think four leading um uh researchers of habits and she has so much input and so much information on how to make habits sustainable you know I wish I had a Dr pocket G that I ask yeah but yeah she she'll have such an amazing uh insight as to how to create and sustain these habits yeah what's the biggest misconception with strength training what do you think people get wrong that woman will get like bulky and big and and gigantic that's like the biggest thing is like I don't want to get too bulky I don't want to get too big that's what you hear a lot that's what I hear hear a lot and that is a huge misconception because uh in females our hormones are do not allow us to get to the levels that for example a man's physique can get naturally it is not biologically uh I there's obviously different levels of hormones in different women that will promote growth in some more or less than others but I always say at the very at the end of the day you can just back off back off you if you are feeling but I guarantee you that once you start gaining a little bit of muscle you will be addicted you will because the the the the feeling of strength and confidence that it that it gives you like a stronger body gives you at least for me and for the people that I've worked with those feelings that it gives them are far outweigh any any negative uh misconceptions I'm going to say misconception because it is it's you're not going to get big you're not going to get huge you're not going to be like Hulk I know I know Ry loves strength training like it's such a passion of hers and she loves that feeling of being stronger and loves that feeling of like it's it's amazing to see because I think you are right that we have this worry that our body's going to change and look a way that we don't want it to look yeah yeah yeah yeah what should someone eat right before a workout and right after especially a strength training workout so at before a workout about an hour maybe 30 minutes at uh at most because you don't want to eat too close I would eat um a combination of protein and carbs maybe a little bit higher in in uh in carbs and then afterwards um meal that is higher in protein so at least at least 20 grams of protein in that meal after the workout I mean the the studies are a little bit over the all over the place when it comes to this obviously for somebody that's been working out for a long time you're a little bit more flexible with that uh or for somebody that is um trying to that is trying to to gain muscle mass or weight again it's a little bit more flexible versus a beginner then you have to be a little bit more strict with strict a little bit more on top of of your nutrition when it comes to not just before and after but throughout the day and at the end of the day is what you're consuming throughout the day that is most important are you're reaching so not so focused CU a lot of people focus so much on before and after I would start with how do you feel before a workout do you feel you know if you're working out in the morning and you're energized enough um then feel free to work out on an empty stomach that's completely fine even if you can carry that energy through if you feel like you need to have a little bit of nutrition beforehand that's great too it's how how do you optimize for yourself how do you optimize for yourself how did genetics play a role in achieving your goals genetics they do play a role a big role in the sense that well genetics will not get you out of bed because a lot of the time you know uh people see my physique and say you know it's all genetics I actually had to fight against a lot of my genetics to get out of bed and work out my I'm predisposed to to depression and anxiety so battling those uh those factors that's a genetic factor that goes into play but then when it comes to actual physique building um yes it will you you'll vary as to like the muscle mass that you'll put on but you can always improve you know there's not let's not even bother working out because I don't build bigger muscles you know you don't even know till you've tried to what capacity you can build genetics will play a bit of a of a of a factor in the body that you're trying to achieve you know some people will carry a little bit more weight around their stomach so their abs will not be as uh easily uh visible as others so they'll have to in a healthy way potentially diet if they can but uh to see the the visible abdominal abdominal abdominal muscles not that that that is a golden standard of anything just hypothetically saying that it will take them longer than others to to do to to achieve that yeah because again genetics do play a role in that talking about that what is the health benefit of having a lower body fat percentage like what is the goal right because we know that people are trying to lower their body fat percentage in order to have abs but what's the actual health benefit of having a lower body fat percentage even with that you want to maintain a healthier one you so you don't want to go too low you don't want to be too high if you're going too low then your hormones start to to get messed up and we don't want what happens if it goes too L um if it goes too low so then we start to you know women will start to miss their period so it will affect them that way obviously that puts the body in a little bit of a frenzy it's not homeostasis anymore um when he goes too high then you're starting to deal with cardiovascular issues um you know insulin resistance and all of the things that will then lead to an unhealthier individual so there's a range there that we should be talking about cardio you said that you incorporate cardio yeah how much is cardio important in a strength training practice and how much is it not needed the question would be what are the reasons for adding cardio so are you adding cardio because a lot of people think that cardio is what's going to help them lose weight and that's not NE that's not true um it's it's all about calories in versus calories out so if you're talking about strictly losing weight is how many calories are you putting in your body and how many calories you're expending so if you're deciding to utilize strength training as a way to expend those calories great if you're utilizing uh cardio great there is some studies again that suggest that you'll get faster into that fat burning phase if you're doing strength training before and then cardio after and also cardio if you're doing strength training also before and cardio after you're you're not compromising your strength training process um as if you were to do cardio beforehand how much cardio that also is an IND individual basis um cardio a lot of people hate cardio U so what I try personally to do I'll incorporate it on upper body days so I'll do somewhat of an interval training so I'll do an exercises upper body focused and then 30 seconds to a minute of sprinting and then another you know exercise or set of an upper body focused and then so that's what how I make it finding my personal training and for everybody in the We rise app and obviously if you're wanting to add more cardio because you feel like you know adding a a a steady state cardio session after a separate day a separate part of the day um because you're wanting to be at a more of a caloric deficit that's completely fine as well it sounds like you don't like cardia I don't love cardia that's good for us to know I I so I ran marathons and and that was great around three marathons I I enjoyed it you do put your body through a lot but I have found personally what I've achieved through strength training when it comes physically and mentally has been far more rewarding than cardio there's some you know benefit to cardio in the sense that some people feel more of the Endorphin and the Feelgood hormones during H sessions or cardio so there is a benefit to that um and at the end of the day what is so while so let's say while I value strength training pick your poison at the end of the day or pick your remedy I should say pick your Elixir you know what would that be for you as long as you can get some activity in so while there is hierarchies of you what you want to achieve so if you want to build muscle strength training really is like the golden standard right but if you know you absolutely hate it um it what is your activity of choice at the end of the day is what I would say walk me through what your regime was for running the marathons like what what did you how did you build up to that what was your practice what was your workout routine and nutrition plan I wish I could say that I followed one of the one of the plans this was quite a few years ago um that kind of buil um slowly and it worked on like hill hill Sprints and and you know just a different variety of of things that you need to work on when you're running a marathon but it basically started to started with three miles and then increased to five miles and then after a week or so increase so incrementally increasing the length that I would run till I got to the to the marathon I guess yeah never you never run the whole Marathon when you're doing when you're practicing it's more like up to like 18 miles but it was just slowly over time building up to that yeah and definitely feeding that that that those calories that were burning almost couldn't couldn't keep the weight on me at that point yeah because you're spending so much energy what would you now say is a great nutrition plan while someone's strength training like what kind of things have you found to be really integral and useful to have and then what have you found to be useful to leave out definitely prioritizing protein so if you're consuming about 8 to to just a little bit over one gram per pound of body weight of protein per day that's a good place to be and then filling the rest with carbs and and fats um but that's what I always say prioritize Protein that's what's going to help not just building muscle but just your pH physiological iCal um needs you know protein is the building block of our of our body and what you can leave out is the infamous sugars you know the refined sugars and um so opt more for uh for complex carbs um I still like eating fruit I know there's been fruit suddenly has become controversial like if you're eating fruit and vegetables you're good just uh fit into the macro um what especially if you're starting out and you want to you have a specific goal it is important to find out what your appropriate macros are for for the day and macros are the macronutrients so what are what is your daily intake of protein carbohydrates and fats um but I always prioritize protein and with the protein I mean most of us are not getting close to that most of us are not um like I said for let's say 10 20 pound person like a gram so you need 120 grams of protein uh or around that per per day so you know there in a piece of like palm of your hand of of of uh let's say chicken there's like 20 gram of protein so you need to be a little bit more um Discerning of your meals so always include protein with every meal and maybe even with your snacks yeah I think for most of us if feels like protein takes up probably that 20 G and then we're filling the rest with carbs fats and everything else but I've definitely found that when I first learned about that I just couldn't believe how hard it was to actually prioritize getting and I'm doing that plant-based which is even harder it even for my friends who eat me even they were saying just how challenging it was for them like it's not easy across the board and so raising that up to that yeah yeah it is it's important especially as we age Believe it or not like we we need to intake even more protein you've shared so much amazing research and studies with us today are there any others that really come to your mind that you think this is really important for women to know or this is really important for strength trainers to know because some of the studies you've shared with us have really been powerful yeah I mean the the the muscle loss is huge the um like I said the 32,000 deaths per per year which actually crazy enough has has almost doubled from like 2012 to 2021 if I believe if I remember correctly and I wonder what's gone into that like why there's been such a drastic increase and like that's due to Falls during um this time like maybe we've become less um we've become less mobile uh maybe there's medications in the market that are affecting our bone density it's actually when it comes to to depression and anxiety mood disorders it is has been found that even as little as 150 minutes of activity per week can relieve symptoms to about 40 to 60% 42 to 60% while as compared to psychotherapy and pharmaceuticals the numbers are uh 20% to 30% in relief of symptoms so even the highest the higher upper end limit of pharmacological products and uh Psychotherapy doesn't even come close to what you can achieve by physical activity and that's only at 150 minutes per week so to me like that's that's mindblowing what you can achieve because and I'm not negating the need for Psychotherapy or or far pharmacological products absolutely you know where it's necessary but why not start with exercising like start there you will achieve results that might be even higher than what you can do with with pharmaceutical products that's like just over 20 minutes a day yeah exactly just over 20 minutes a day that's incredible yeah absolutely that's pretty amazing to know I mean wow like yeah and the difference too like you're saying instead of 20 to 30% reduce 40 to 60% reduce so double on both the upper and lower and liit exactly exactly that's yeah and and you're right again we're not telling anyone not to take things that they need to take but absolutely the idea that why not have the full package like exactly why not have the full package that's what it is because a lot of the time it can be that Psychotherapy or pharmacologics don't necessarily work for for some people I think there is some statistics of like around 40% of the people don't experience the relief that they need so either in conjunction or starting with an exercise program that will provide sign ific relief I mean firsthand I'm standing here as somebody that has um achieved that kind of relief without now being on any Pharmaceuticals um I I this is why I work out every day I don't want to experience those symptoms of depression and anxiety uh any ever so this is why I keep going so powerful so powerful so inspiring to hear that as well thank you so inspiring to hear that what what was it for you that was causing that where was that coming from for you personally H it's been I mean there's so many factors I think you when you're talking about being anxiety and depression experiencing that I think some of it is genetic um some of it is being a teenager and moving countries going from Albania to to the United States and completely in a new world a new space um my family didn't know English at the time I was the only one that did so I had to support them so I had to assume the role of an adult at a fairly young age so I was 145 at the time where I had to become an adult in my family so I think there's a cornicopia of like things that that kind of came together for me to experience um anxiety and depression and trying to fit in and not you know being a foreigner at the time and the teenager and being bullied and made fun of um all kind of let pave the path a little bit for me to experience that and um I do feel for for for teenagers and I do feel for the um the the generation that is that that is living through through these times it's not easy it's not easy but find find find comfort in that discomfort of working out and and that physical activity because it will help absolutely thank you for sharing that thank you so much I wanted to talk to you a bit about steps what's your take on the 10,000 steps it's a good place to start like I said like walking that's that's that's great uh 10 to 12,000 my uh my dad does it every day he's committed to it uh it's a good starting point it's a good starting point but it's how you make those steps Quality quality steps you know do you work out every day of the week most days but I do you have a rest day I I find that it is great to keep yourself active even if it's something light so if I'm not working out I'll go for a long walk or a hike I think it's so important to keep ourselves active because we do end up spending most of the day sitting so even even working out for an hour a day if you spend most of your day sitting it doesn't negate that sitting so it is important even speaking like throughout the day to get up and and and take a little bit of a walk like every half an hour every hour so I do I do try to keep active every single day so if I'm not doing a full workout I'll go for a walk like I said or a hike no days off no days off really no days off I love it a body and stays in motion yeah yeah no I know what you mean it's it's so interesting how much yeah staying sedentary is the cause of so many of our issues we had Dr Daran sha on a few months back and he talked about the idea of just how much our quality of life changes because we're not getting up exactly from our seats all day whether we're at our desks or work or wherever else it may be and so I love what you're saying about the idea of moving even if it's not a full your rest day is my best workout day basically basically my ideal workout day she's like I go on a hike when I'm not working out and I'm like here I am going my hike is my workout I love I love that you do you work out my best is your you're you're you you just told me you were into calisthenic so yeah you work out yeah that's so funny I love it um one thing I wanted to dive into you about as we're coming to a close here is you train some of the most well-known people in the world who seem to work really hard obviously Kim's been on the show and we always see Kim posting you and and you guys training together what what have you learned about training with her what have you learned about her from training with her so one thing that I've learned about Kim with training with her it's her dedication she she shows up shows up on time and it's ready to to go never does she complain or backs away from something that I put her through and I put her through a lot and she never backs away she never backs away she always pushes through wow that's impress very impressive I'm not surprised she did say her workout was one of her favorite things she's very dedicated for sure yeah and you guys get organized right if she has a shoot coming up or she's got a specific outfit to wear for an event like you get really we we we dial it in we dial it in for sure I you moved to LA for I did and I ended up staying here for a little bit longer than I was uh yeah was expected what was it like when she first reached out you and said I need you to come over what was that like what was that conversation like yes I'll be there um because obviously it is cim but I believe in working with these people that have such high influence because of the impact that they will have on the larger population so if they can send if through them I can send a message of strength for women so strength is beautiful strength is confidence whatever that looks like strength doesn't have to to come with big muscles you know but if I can send that message of strength to especially young women then to me I've done my my purpose is fulfilled it's beautiful what's the first thing you ask someone when they come to you anyone that comes to work with you what's the first thing you ask them how serious are you about this right yeah how serious are you about this like are you know are you going to give me a day here and there because that's just not going to achieve anything for you or or or myself so uh you have to be serious about your health um and I I'd like to make it even though somebody comes to me saying that they need to look look a certain way I always try to make it about Health and Longevity yeah it's similar in coaching actually whenever I take on a client I found that clients who are willing to dedicate and commit time exact see phenomenal results I've had clients that I have met for 2 hours a day every day for 2 years and I had clients that I met twice a week Thrice a week for three to six months and then I have someone who's like kind of checking in once a month kind of checking once a quarter cancel doesn't have and you just start to notice and and it's hard because it's not that someone is not wanting to work hard or it's not that they're a bad person or a weak person just people have different discipline levels abut but it's like in order to really see an impact and see the results there has to be that commitment there be that commitment absolutely you talked about the purpose of strength training what is the purpose of workouts like Pilates and yoga and and other forms what what is the purpose of those kind of workouts compared to strength training they like I said I respect and utilize have utilized myself all modalities you know I love yoga but I think they're are great additives they're great in addition to strength stren training because they will not most likely build uh muscle mass in the way that strength training can MH they will build maybe endurance they will build some endurance they'll build um flexibility and some strength but not to the level that lifting weights uh will will will not in so in the way that lifting weights will build your bone density um yoga and pilates unless you're doing some crazy yoga pilat um they they will not do that so but again there is a great place and time in addition I believe to strength training to incorporate yoga and pilates what's the difference in the workout you prescribe to someone who wants to gain muscle versus someone who wants to lose weight through strength training they don't have to be the same at all they they could be one and the same because again at the end of the day um um when you're building muscle you're you're challenging yourself you're challenging your muscles with a weight that you're you're lifting which is expanding calories and that's what you need in weight loss as well you need expenditure of calories that but at a caloric deficit so that's the only changing component is that caloric deficit so it's more in the nutrition versus in the workouts I mean there is you know you can work out um you can challenge yourself with the duration of the workout and then maintain your nutrition or you can um eat less basically so be at a deficit in in calories and then lose weight so doesn't have to be the any difference there it's just how you manage nutrition versus output got it got it and if you're working out on your own without a trainer it's much harder how do you know what to add to make it more challenging to to continue to get stronger or to continue to sh shift because I find like most people are working out with that or trying of course they can use the Weise app and have that that's what the Weise app does right absolutely so I'll give you the guideline if you you'll give you the the workouts what you can do on your own is challenge yourself with the weights that you're lifting so if for example the recommended uh reps are between 8 and 12 when you get to that 8 or 10 9 10 12 rep like how are you challenged can you do can you do 10 more if you're doing 10 more after that or if you can do you're doing you're doing too little weight so you need to increase the weight that's where you have to keep in mind I also value strongly that mind muscle connection um so truly thinking about the working muscle there actually studies that that show that if you are thinking of the muscles that you're working that that actually creates um the muscle gets bigger uh there is there studies to that so if you are slowing down the movement thinking about the muscles that you're working I some times try to touch you know this is working it sends that signal from your your your brain to the muscle that hey we're working here we're working here and that will increase strength will increase muscle mass actually yeah I've heard about that stud the idea of people almost doing weights in their mind yeah yeah yeah there were studies that they just simply just did that without any weight lifting and uh they found uh significant difference yeah yeah yeah that's the power of the mind is incredible what what else have you done for the power of the mind to affect your body like what other practices have you taken on at a mental or spiritual level that you feel have positively impacted your physical health well meditation um is huge in my opinion for mental health but also if you're wanting to visualize certain results I feel like whenever I've been in a place where I needed to I've competed for example um in in in bodybuilding competitions in the Bikini level so that I found when it came strictly to like the physique if you are it's it's basically manifestation you know at uh at that cellular level when you're thinking about the way that you want to to look um or feel or present yourself so meditation is huge I try to incorporate that every day um journaling um also gratitude every night before going to bed I practice gratitude not sure how that relates to the physique but it relates to the mental aspect for your body absolutely absolutely I had to learn that I had to learn that I I definitely was very grateful for my mind and my intelligence and my abilities but I'd always feel like my body was letting me down and that negative approach to my own body only made my body let me down more absolutely it's like someone in your life if you feel like that person in your life always lets you down guess what they end up let they're going to let you down because you're going to look for that yeah exactly and so I was always talking to my body subconsciously in that way where I was like oh my mind is amazing but my body lets me down and that Lang the words that we use are so important you know just in the in in this recent Journey that just shared about before with you um that was one of the big lessons that that I learned is the way that sometimes uh we talk to ourselves the words that we use whether they're out loud or even just spoken in silence to ourselves are are huge are huge so if you tell yourself you know like I hate my body like I want to change this like I hate I don't know like my stomach like that's not coming from a place of love you're less likely to achieve results if they're if that's coming from a place of negative sentiments towards yourself I always that's another thing that I always try to impart on whoever I'm working with especially in person is like I want us to from a place place of love for ourselves not from I need to lose 20 lbs because that again comes from like I hate this 20 lbs that's on me um but yeah starting from a place of love for wherever we're at and for I want to I want to do this because I want to become a healthier version of myself fantastic Sonata has been so informative talking to you today I feel like there's been so many great insights that we can I think I'm going to be pulling on a lot of your insights to gain drive and gain Focus to connect back in with my body because a lot of what you've shared with me has made me realize just how important strength training is especially in my 30s where I am now and and how important it's going to be long term even if I don't feel it right now so thank you so much uh we end every episode with a final five these have to be answered in one word or one sentence maximum and so Sonata grea these are your final five the first is what is the best health or Fitness advice you've ever heard or received well the advice not necess well it it's the best advice ever was to stay true to myself and to my uniqueness so I don't think it necessarily has to deal with the fitness part but it's to to embrace your unique self and stay true to it um the advice that I would give when it comes to to Fitness though um would be to just start just start second question what is the worst advice you've ever had or received stop lifting weights he'll get you to be masculine and bulky and that's not the case yeah yeah at the end of the day it's also let's not judge people for how they want to look you know if they want to appear a certain way if that's what drives them that's what they they want let's allow question number three what's your hope for people in 2024 uh just to do everything from a place of Love whatever that is so whether it's working out nutrition or um anything in their life just start from a place of love for themselves and for everybody around them question number four what's the first thing you do in the morning and the last thing you do at night first thing I meditate last thing I say my gratitudes beautiful and Fifth and final question if you could create one law that everyone in the world had to follow what would it be I would say because this was one of my biggest lesson was to allow I don't know if it makes sense but one of the biggest lessons for me recently was to allow and stop being so much uh needing to to control everything um so maybe this is more on a personal but I think if we allow for the good in our life for the love for the right type of circumstances um I think there's so much to gain from that it's beautiful Sonata thank you so much thank you for being here everyone who's been listening or watching sonata's app is the We rise app uh where you can find fitness and health tips and practices and of course if you don't already you can follow her on Instagram at. grea please go and follow her right now for more fitness tips for great workouts to get you started to get you going I want 2024 to be a year you're stronger fitter and better uh and Sonata is going to be a big part of making that happen thank you so much s again for time and energy I'm so grateful thank you so much thank you for having me here I truly appreciate it thank you thank you if you love this episode you'll enjoy my conversation with Megan Trainer on breaking generational trauma and how to be confident from the inside out my therapist told me stand in the mirror naked for 5 minutes it was already tough for me to love my body but after the c-section scar with all the stretch marks now I'm looking at myself like I've been hacked but day three when I did it I was like you know what her thighs are cute

  Top Comments:
  1. @phantos_says [1 likes]: CHANGE THIS TITLE!!! So disrespectful not to use her name!!!
  2. @jasminegray3573 [1 likes]: I found this interesting because I’ve always struggled with exercise. When I was younger, I worked out mainly to lose weight, so now gym or cardio still reminds me of that difficult and struggle times. Recently though, I realized I actually enjoy dancing, can do it for hours and it makes me feel good. 

This podcast also made me think about strength, and how important it is to exercise to be strong, not just lose weight. That’s something I want to start working on too.
  3. @ryandeffley7652: 1) A huge misconception with lifting is that more is more. You actually need way less than you think. Most people are seriously overreaching with tons of junk volume and high frequency. 

**If you're doing full body 3x per week or an upper/lower split where you do each one twice per week with four days total, that is more than enough. High intensity with only 1-2 reps shy of failure and moderate volume.

2) If you're training legs 2-3x per week as part of a full body or an upper/lower with compound lifts, the sled, etc you're getting plenty of cardio as is. 

**Daily brisk walking is a great counterpart to lifting over formal zone 2 cardio and sprints. It won't impede lifting, speeds up recovery, and can be done every day year round. Stacking 10-15K steps over  each day will yield serious calorie burn long-term.
  4. @tOoOmiiiiiii: In the meantime, I’m heading to a training session with my laptop where I’ve got everything planned out — it’s going to take me about 2.5 hours 😄 .......
  5. @MEGGY336: The devil is a liar cardio is good for u!
  6. @alliecakes112: Kim kardashian gets her body done in office and doesn’t have to think about what she eats lol We saw how they “workout” on their show 😂
I probably would’ve given this episode a chance if you just used the experts name rather than a nepo baby celebrity who has had such a negative impact on women’s beauty standards.
  7. @AlexanderBichutsky-f5s: Don't take drugs and have immoral life and you not gonna have depression and mental illness.
Cardio is not wasting of time, wasting of time is this podcast.
  8. @priscilla7420: I do cardio to have a strong heart as heart issues run in my family
  9. @priscilla7420: Why don't use the personal trainer's name in the tittle?, the Kardations dont workout they get plastic work done. Liposuction, implants...
  10. @AdelynToca: Cardio is great for healthy heart!!!! I ran everyday and loving it beside weight training
  11. @rali_sherou: Didn’t really learn anything new from this episode. It was just a general talk.
  12. @elizabethwollmann1099: Brisk walking and light jogging is amazing and has really improved in all walks of my life 3 X a week
  13. @reneaguilar1000: The strongest muscle to train is the heart … !!!!!!! Cardio is the best thing for you I am a pro runner now 41 years of age … this so called trainer knows nothing what a joke
  14. @FusilliBelgianMMastiffmix923: I love,cardio as will and I love running,just balance what your work out and goal you want..
  15. @TrailblazerBruce: It depends on what you are after, Cardio is incredible for longevity and the coronary benefits are immense, but if you just want to look slim in a dress or shirt, then sure just change your attitude towards fuel/food and implement strength training 2 to 3 times per week.
  16. @ПетрЦарик-щ2ф: Girls, do you want to look like her?
  17. @JoraineH: I wonder if Senada Greca agreed to this title coz it's a joke. I wouldn't wanna watch an interview from someone who trains someone that does so much surgeries to change their body shape, If i didnt already know Senadda was worth her salt i wouldn't be click baited. Cardio is a WASTE of time ❌ CArdiogives a WAISTE for the ages ✅
  18. @Melodie007: ❤❤
  19. @Melodie007: Great channel Jay ❤❤❤
  20. @vee-lynn: I saw her picture before reading the title and said “Is this Seneda?” I get why Kim is in the caption but give this woman her respect, she was that girl before KK

- Night Time Routine 🌃 | A Cozy 5PM to 10PM Vlog: Unpacking Groceries, Dinner Prep, & Waffles: Kind: captions Language: en Good evening! I bought quite a bit of groceries today It's been raining a lot these days and the humidity is very high Because of this, washing my hands after returning home feels extra good The presence of daffodils at the grocery store is a clear indication that Spring is just around the corner Flowers are one of those small things that can make me happy for days Poppies are my favorite flowers ~ they bloom like living masterpieces, each one a true work of art I like to quickly "prepare" my groceries once I get home Cutting the butter into small pieces will make it so much more convenient to use when you need it However, I don't use separators between pieces (I am a "little" frugal in that regard haha (⸝⸝ᵕᴗᵕ⸝⸝)) As long as you leave a bit of space between the pieces, they won't stick together even if they fall For vegetables, I like to clean them and then let them dry before storing them in the fridge Dirt trapped in the vegetables can carry bacteria which may lead to contamination Berries are Koko's favourite fruit, so I usually buy a lot and wash them all at once I give them a quick rinse and then soak them in baking soda water for 15 minutes Baking soda helps to remove dirt, pesticides, and other residues effectively You can leave the berries to air dry, but it usually takes really long, so I like to use a salad spinner I promise it's not just because the salad spinner would otherwise sit unused... 𓏗-𓏗 For proteins, I like to remove them from their packaging as soon as I get home It's a habit my mother-in-law taught me long ago, and it really stuck with me She mentioned that this helps reduce the chances of plastic leaching into the food, and I've followed her advice ever since Every Friday afternoon, 🐢 takes 🐨 out to play, so I have some time for myself before dinner I've been loving rooibos and rose tea lately I think they complement each other perfectly ~ The aroma is very delicate, sweet, and soothing ~ Pouring it into the biggest mug I have 😅 The flavour is so rich and mellow at the same time, and so comforting ~ I brewed extra tea to enjoy later We've been eating out a lot lately with relatives visiting, so I've really been craving 'home food' I reckon 'home food' is different for everyone, but for me, it’s either pasta or rice with stir-fried dishes I guess it’s a blend of my Chinese heritage and being born and raised in Italy What's your version of 'home food'? Tonight, I'm going to be making Chinese style food ~ Boiling the pork with a bit of ginger for 5 minutes helps to remove any unpleasant odors For the sauce, I'm using 1/2 tbsp tamari, 1 tbsp oyster sauce, and 1/2 tbsp sugar Fry the ginger in a bit of oil until fragrant Then add in your protein of choice and fry until golden brown Finally, add the vegetables and sauce Many combinations of proteins and vegetables can work with this recipe (Can you tell Koko came home? 😆) The second dish (Koko's favourite dish) is a child's favourite I have so many memories of eating steamed eggs mixed with rice when I was a kid Typically, you'd sift the eggs like I'm doing here to achieve the smoothest texture However, since we're at home (and eggs are expensive), I just use them as they are I like to steam the mixture for 5 minutes before adding my toppings and steaming for 6 more minutes (I got distracted and steamed them for 8 minutes before adding the toppings, but it was fine) Lastly, I'll boil some romaine lettuce In reality, I've been multitasking all the dishes, but I think it's easier to watch this way? 😆 The romaine lettuce is ready to be served after about 30 seconds I'm going to make a quick sauce with a bit of garlic, soy sauce, and sugar Serving dinner with some mixed purple rice ~ 🐢&🐨:"Thanks Mamma" 🐨:"Steamed egg, steamed egg 🎶" It's so delicious ~ Rice killers for sure After dinner, it's time to get Koko ready for bed Lately, we've been showering together for efficiency It also makes story time cosier and more enjoyable for the both of us since we can cuddle together ~ 🐻:"Why is he happy?" 🐨:"Because he ate so much food!" 😆 🐨:"He ate lots of rice! and steamed eggs!" We used to read the same books to her when she was a baby, but in a very different manner These days, we talk about why the characters may be feeling a certain way 🐨:"We can help her put on a bandaid and she'll feel happy!" After reading some stories, we usually cuddle for a few more minutes before she sleeps in her own bed After hearing much about the benefits of red light, I recently bought a red light mask 👍 I'm usually very good at taking it slow, but there are 2 times where I can't! When brushing my teeth and doing a mask 😆 I feel like I have to keep myself busy I purchased a brush cleaner from Amazon and I thought I'd use this time to clean my brushes When did you last wash your brushes? I don't remember the last time I washed mine.. I added a bit (too much) of makeup brush cleaning solution The water is turning murky just from dipping the brush 🙂 This is actually incredibly fun and, most importantly, very fast! There's still some foam residue, so I rinse it off and then spin it dry It's actually very dry and fluffy after spinning ~ And it also comes with a spot to air dry and different attachments I'm very happy with this purchase ! (And so is my skin! Haha ) I'm going to prepare yeast waffles for tomorrow's breakfast Combine 190g flour, 4g yeast, 80g milk, 1 egg, 35g of sugar, and a bit of vanilla extract Once the dough is formed, add in 30g of butter and combine Cover and store in the fridge overnight From 9 to 10 it's usually time for 🐢and I to catch up on our day It's basically the only hour we have for the two of us haha We enjoy some tea and toast to the fact that we did a great job today once again! 😆 I divided the dough into 6 parts to make 6 waffles Yeast waffles are so cute and fluffy ✨ I'm going to top the waffles with some greek yoghurt If you add some matcha powder into the yoghurt, you'll get a delicious matcha sauce ! Time to make it pretty ~ The weather calls for an iced latte ☺️ It feels like I'm at a cafe ☕️ Waffles go very well with coffee I hope you enjoyed watching this video as much as I enjoyed making it

  Top Comments:
  1. @majdafayj5497 [1 likes]: The cleanest home routine ever
  2. @ASMRCountry [1 likes]: I'm loving every video you showcase in your video content 💯
  3. @prayvacy [1 likes]: No more sketchy 'One weird trick to melt belly fat' ads - all thanks to Blockify
  4. @hayrunisa-e1h: You are so beatiful ❤
  5. @Andre_Garri: I love it thank you for sharing it
  6. @sophie-so-9: i like the vibes such a beautiful family .i feel calm when i saw the video
  7. @MoonlitMoments-d6k: ❤❤❤ how relaxing
  8. @goblin_harts: my version of home food is a grilled cheese with tomato soup :) it's simple but i was such a picky eater as a kid😅 so it definitely became a comfort meal especially in winter/fall
  9. @Thirtha133: Super sister ❣️❤❤
  10. @wantingchong4837: how sweet of your lovely koko to think of scooping the dishes on your behalf <3
  11. @MiguelLopez-e9j: & i am 58 Years Old
  12. @MiguelLopez-e9j: & i Live in Chicago
  13. @MiguelLopez-e9j: Hi,
  14. @Oyendrilavlogs: So beautiful and peaceful vlog. Cute baby ❤❤❤. First time l watch your vlog and l am inspired and enjoy. Thank you for sharing dear and have a nice day 😊❤
  15. @TinyMiracles-u1x: ❤🎉😊
  16. @HR-ib7km: 落ち着いた映像のトーンが大好きで、何度も見返したくなります✨ 最近、夜はゆったりiPadで Bloom – Coloring App を開いて無心に色を塗るのにはまってます。素敵な癒やしの時間をありがとうございます！
  17. @OnlyAesth: peacefull living
  18. @priscilabeatrizbarcelosdon9582: Já sabe secar cabelo ❤
  19. @recoveryou-w2c: 잔잔하고 따스한, 넓은 집. 나의 가족이 생기는 날 다시 보기를
  20. @rawengradi621: I love the vibe!!! It inspires me to product the same kind of content !!

- I Tested Viral EVERYTHING Shower Routine (skincare,  bodycare, haircare, shaving): Kind: captions Language: en That was so satisfying. Time is currently 10 p.m. by the way. Why did I just do that? Because old me was fun. >> Hi, welcome to another video. And if you're new here, my name is Mai and I'm the queen of glow-ups. Do I have to explain myself? Anyways, today I'm going to be testing if the everything shower routine is actually worth the money. Because tell me why in the last episode, which if you didn't watch, I literally spent a bag trying to get everything that all the Tik Tokies are getting. And I'm like, is this what people are doing? People are doing a bar soap, body scrub, body wash, body oil, body butter, body lotion. I was proud of myself for just doing the lotion, okay? But I'm trying to level myself up. I'm trying to have that silky hair, smooth skin, shiny legs, smell good. I'm trying to layer myself. And today we're going to be testing and seeing if it was worth it or if it's just a waste of my time. The everything shower was so intensive I had to lay out exactly what we're about to get going on because wow is she a lot. [Music] I just tried a new makeup routine recently after shopping. I bought some makeup products and I've been doing something different with makeup and I feel like today was the best my makeup's ever looked in my entire life. Like, if you want a tutorial, let me know. I will do a full beat tutorial because I haven't done one in a minute and oh my gosh, I just looked at my vent for the first time and I just had an intrusive thought of like what if somebody was just up there watching me right now. That was actuallying terrifying. Anyways, everyone's been begging me, "Come back out with the orchid hoodie, Mai. Come back out with the orchid hoodie." >> Okay, I'm thinking I'm thinking, but I'm like, what if this wasn't a nice butter yellow? Okay, I had an orchid in here and then it died um clearly. But it really inspired me. I'm like, wait, I should do a collection like that. Let me know if not the orchid. What flowers should I do? I'm thinking like what if I do like a flower kind of collection. Also, do you see how organized this is? I'm so proud of her. I like restocked it in the last video. It looks so good. If you can't tell, just trust me, it looks so good. We got the little headband over consumption. Me in the last apartment decided to collect these headbands and it's like I had no business at all having like 20 of these. Like, what was the reason? >> What was the reason? Colored contacts gone. All right, I'm going to start off with skin care. I'm going to do a balm cleanser, which I have always been a fan of double cleansing. This isn't my favorite, though. My favorite is the skin and lab, but I'm out of that. But I do this every single time I wear makeup. I like to make sure that I'm double cleansing because it'll get everything out. Also, I'm realizing now if you don't know me well enough yet, I understand. I very much understand that I'm so rough with my skincare and nothing that I do is soft and aesthetic. So, if you were looking for one of those like calming, inspiring nighttime skin care routines where it's like the aesthetic, like you're not going to find that here because like I don't think I'm being rough with my face and then I watch myself back and I'm like, anyways, I just love rubbing off my mascara. I think that's like top tier favorite thing to do. And I also love rubbing my cheeks until I feel like little blackheads coming out. Anyone else relate? If you're not a double cleansing, what are you doing? If you're watching this video, you probably are double cleansing. Am I right? Do you double cleanse? Let me know in the comments. Let me know in the comments. I read my comments. I actually read all my comments. Go check. Did I read your comment? Did I like your comment? I just want to say thank you for everyone that has left a comment because in the last video, I said that I would read all my comments and like all my comments and I would like your comment if you're subscribed because I can check and click on your channel to see if you're subscribed. And so many of you guys said you guys were new subscribers. And so many of you guys commented and you guys see that that is me liking your comment. Okay, so thank you. Thank you. Okay, now that all the makeup is off, I'm going to go in with the Tatcha the rice polish. I just love the way that this thing foams up. I love the packaging. It like comes out kind of like rough. If you've ever seen the Dermalogica exfoliator, it seems like this. But see, the thing is, if you don't rub it on your hands and you just rub it on your face, it acts like the best exfoliator ever. And if I need a good beat routine, I use this beforehand and exfoliate my face. But just the way that this foams up is like so satisfying to me. Doing my skincare is actually my favorite thing ever. Even though like sometimes I have to drag myself to do it, when I'm doing it, it's like alone time. I'm like locked in. I have this face mask. I have not used that. That I've been waiting to use. This is what the packaging looks like. This looks like slime. This is now a slime video. Okay. Get you a girl that can do both. Look at this. It comes with this package. This little container. Oh, girl. This is a whole She never ends. Hello. This is a collagen that is supposed to replenish sagging skin with firmness and nutrition, cultivating resilient and radiant skin. M. It smells good. I don't think it's a good sign if it smells good. It's like, why are there so many fragrances? Also my skin. Why are there pimples coming in? As long as we keep this low low. >> Okay, Nikki. Period. Okay, now I'm supposed to fill this up cold water. Oh. Oh. Oh. Feel like I'm making a pop and cooking right now. Do you know what that is? I used to be obsessed with pop and cooking. Every time we would drive to the city, which was like 2 hours away, I would make sure that we went to the TNT supermarket so I could go buy myself a pop and cooking so I can make a YouTube video. I had like no subscribers back in the day, but a girl had a dream. That's what she had. Oh my gosh, I'm making a mess. This is like putty. Is it supposed to be like this? This is what they be doing at the facialist office, though. And it's like the most satisfying thing ever. And I'm like, wait, am I to do this at home? Okay. Oh my. Did you just hear that? >> There's nothing to wear. >> Did you guys hear that? >> This has got to be like top tier most satisfying face mask I've ever used in my life. Okay, this is looking crazy though. I look like I'm putting plaster all over my face, you know? I guess we leave this on for 15 minutes. This is what the mask is looking like. It's so crazy how it's just dried over. Oh my gosh, I'm so excited to take this thing off. I feel like it's going to be so satisfying. Okay. No way. Oh. Wow. This is more satisfying than I thought it was going to be. This is like I went to the facialist, you know? I didn't know you could do this at home. Okay, I think that's all I can get off. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. I got distracted and I started watching videos about the Tik Tocker that was seeing love with her psychiatrist. >> I watched a 50-minute video on that before I hopped in the shower. Anyways, it has been a minute since I've uh showered on camera, but my hair is so crusty cuz I've been doing like a slick back one ever since I got my extensions out because when I had my extensiveness, I couldn't do anything slick back, but I had like rows of extensions. Also, I have blisters all over my feet, so I decided to wear these heels that I've never worn before. Oh my gosh, I was literally walking home and I had to pee at the same time. I knew I looked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. I was limping and I was like holding my Gucci. Anyways, this is the lineup that we have. I also have beautiful little caddy here as well. Are you seeing this? We set this up in the last video. Okay, I'm going to use the whey detox shampoo because I have not detoxed my hair in so long. One of these things. I also want to double shampoo. I feel like it doesn't hurt to do that. I asked on my spam account what the best hair mask was and a lot of you guys recommended the AMA one or the feno one. I feel like using Let's use the feno one today. A very thick hair mask. It looks like this. Like genuinely like the Vaseline. I definitely did not need that much. Low key smells like a salon mixed with baby shampoo. All right, before I shave, I want to use a body scrub. And I feel like using a body scrub is so like Tik Tok coated. And I've been dying to try this D one because I've been seeing so many girls use this one. Oh my gosh, this looks so satisfying. And it smells so good. This is like the best smelling body scrub I've ever seen. Oh my gosh, this feels so like soft at the same time. It feels like it's lathering. I would say it's like not as harsh. This is the best body scrub I've ever used. I'm not really like a bar soap girl, but all the That's the reason why I'm not a bar soap girl. All the shower videos, we're talking about using a bar soap first, and I'm like, "All right, there's something about a bar soap. I mean, it's foaming, and it's actually extremely satisfying. I'm not going to lie." Low key, I'm convinced. Like, I get it. Like, this is like lathering up, and it smells amazing. Then, we got the Dove actual body wash. This smells so good. I've never used so many soaps in my entire life, but this is so satisfying, though. This makes me want to shower like four times a day. This combination of the shave oil with this is actually the like softest, smoothest shave I've ever had in my life. It's like when I shave, there's like like a nice film of softness and moisture over it. And this is like much thicker than I expected. Like I thought it was going to be like a runny oil, which my last one was like that. And I lowkey hated it cuz it would spill everyone. But this one's thick, which is nice. But I want to shave my arms cuz why not? I never do it. I fear I'm going to be obsessed with shaving my arms off of this. Especially because I moisturize now. Before I get out of the shower, I just turn the water off. I want to show you the best product ever. This is the salt air nourishing body oil. This is actually the life hack if you're a lazy girl. Because if you don't want to moisturize outside of the shower, you can literally just use this on your body. It's so easy. It smells so good. And then you walk out of the shower and you are moisturized. You're soft. You smell amazing. This is my new favorite product and I will keep repurchasing this for the rest of my life. Period. This smells amazing. All right, I'm out of the shower. The next step is to moisturize. Low key, I want to use this in the morning because it's more expensive and this smells really good. And I want to like use this as like a nice little topper. You know, since it's like night time, I'm just going to layer with this body butter by Salt Air. It's the same scent as the body oil. And this is what it looks like. It's like such a nice thick cream. And then today when I was in the office, someone walked in and they were like, "M, it smells like we were baking cakes in here." And in my head, I was like literally thinking like, "I hope it's me." But I didn't say anything though. But in my head, I was like, "Oh my gosh, like is this working?" Because I did the whole like layering thing this morning. Like I layered a lotion on with my perfumes and I was like spraying on so much body spray and oh my gosh, my arms are so smooth. I don't know if I'm ever not shaving my arms again cuz this feels so nice to like rub my arms and I'm like, wait, it's like the feeling of my legs but like on my arms. You know what I mean? I want to work on my foot care game a lot actually. That's the thing that has been bothering me the most. And like also my toes. If you hate feet, go away for a second. Okay. Do you see my toe? Why is it grown out like that? The nail polish is crusty. And so I have all the tools here to transform the feet. I'm going to take off the nail polish with the nail polish remover. I'm going to put a cuticle remover cream on. Okay. I'm going to use this cuticle removal tool. I'm also going to cut my nails. Now, do I think you need a close-up? I personally would love to film a close-up, but also I don't think anyone would appreciate that. So, you're just going to watch me do a time lapse of me um doing my toes because I guess the whole internet hates feet now. This is the holy grail, the reason why I was able to grow my nails out. And you can just see the difference in like the natural shine. And I just feel like having this layer makes my nails look so much healthier and presentable. And I'll link it down below. Nice clean nails. Yes, I'm naked right now. Time is currently 12:41. Just did my nails and my toes. They're looking so clean. There's something so satisfying about cutting your nails so short that you can like literally feel the skin on top of them and then the skin on top of them is dry because you haven't been moisturizing underneath the nail. But I'm going to take my feet to a whole new level. Okay, I have some Minecraft Steve socks, some Vaseline, and some moisturizer. What I'm going to do is I'm gonna moisturize my feet. Oh my god, I just showed you my tit. >> A few moments later. >> I hope editing me catches that. I am going to take moisturizer, rub this on the bottoms of my feet. Can you imagine? We're rubbing moisturizer. Close your eyes. Rubbing moisturizer on the bottom of my feet. Okay. Then then then I just rub the Vaseline stick all over my feet and the tops of my feet. Like those dry dry parts of your feet, you know? And boom. Hopefully I wake up tomorrow with the most luscious baby feet that you've ever seen in your entire life. Self-tanning time. Usually, I'm used to using like a tanning foam with a mitt, but I saw this girl talking about using the self-tanning drops, which I've used this before, but I've never thought about using it for my entire body. So, I'm going to use the Soul de Janeiro lotion. I'm just going to like mix up a concoction. This says to use 1 to 12 drops. Oh my gosh, this is not going well. Oh no. Okay. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Okay, mix it in with this lotion. Maybe this will just give me like a nice light glow. I wonder if there's going to be any difference though because I barely put drops in it, you know? But like what if this makes me like the most glowing sun-kissed tan version of myself? I'm going to be doing this every day, you know? Okay, this is the Shark Cryro Glow Mask. And this doesn't just have red light therapy, it has purple and blue. And I'm searching it up here and it says that >> red light reduces fine lines, stimulates collagen and firm skin. Blue light targets acne causing bacteria, helping reduce breakouts and sebum. And near infrared light enhances circulation, reduces wrinkles, and boosts skin tone. >> And I haven't used this in so long. But now that I read all that and I know the benefits, I want to start using this every day and see if it improves my acne. All right, I'm going to do a skin clearing session. You can start the session and you can change how cool it's going to be. And also you can see the timer. I'll be back. Boom. Okay. Hopefully that killed off everything. Time is currently 10:05. My face is dry as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm going to use the last bit of this Tatcha Essence, which I put upside down because there's like no liquid left. So, I was hoping that putting it upside down, Yep. it would get me the liquid that I wanted. Basically, using an essence allows your skin care to just like seep so much deeper into your skin. And then I'm going to go in with this Anua aselic acid. I saw this on Tik Tok and apparently this really helps with like bumpies on your face and also reducing red spots on your face. And I think I've been really noticing a difference aside for the fact that I pop my pimples. But I think it's been working or maybe it's been breaking me out. Then I'm just going to moisturize with this Tatcha the dewy skin cream. I'm obsessed with this. If you watched in the last video, I've gone through so many empties. Then I'm going to mix in some Isisle of Paradise tanning drops. But again, I really hope this doesn't break me out. Moisturized. I'm going to go in with the Color Fanatic by Pureology. This is like a leave-in conditioner. I'm going to continue to like use all these products and I'll update you in like a future video on how it worked out. I'm going to take the tiniest little bit of this Japanese oil. I'm just going to put this on the ends of my hair. Then I'm going to go in with my all-time favorite lip mask, lip jelly, lip balm, lip anything, the Tatcha the Kissu lip mask. Oh my gosh. You saw the last video. I also have an empty of this cuz it's just that good. You wake up and your lips are still moisturized. This beats any lip mask that I've ever tried in my life. And I put my friends on this cuz it's so so good. Oh my gosh. I'll see you in the morning. >> Good morning. My skin tone looks a lot more even. I'm going wash this off. All right, I just got out of the shower, which is crazy because I just showered last night. It's definitely new to me. Um, especially after the shower like that, showering again is crazy. The reason why I showered is because I smelt like selftan and I feel like it worked lowkey. I'm like my skin tone just on my face even looks a lot more even. So, I feel like this is going to be something that I continue to do. But, I'm going to use the fresh cream warm cashmere lotion by Philosophy. To me, this just smells like an elevated Maybe it's just the price point that makes me feel like it's elevated. But yeah, to me, this smells like an elevated sweet vanilla scent. I'm starting a podcast and I've been saying this for the past I don't even know how many years. This is my favorite concealer on planet Earth. This for anyone from Patrick Star's team, would you like to do a collab? And I'm literally about to move out of this house. Shiny, shiny pores. Boom. Where did they go? I just don't leave my house anymore. And I kind of want to travel more. Like, is she wearing fake lashes or is this just mascara? If you enjoyed this video, make sure to subscribe. We're trying to get to 3.5 million subscribers. And if you comment down below, you subscribe for this video, I can click on your profile and see if you're subscribed, then I will like your comment. Okay, let's try to get to 3.5 million subscribers because I've been stuck at 3.4 million. And stay tuned for the next episode because if enough people comment down below and ask for the full on get ready with me in-depth makeup routine, I will do that. So, subscribe, stay tuned, and I cannot wait to see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @maiphammy [400 likes]: EPISODE 2 OF THE SELF CARE SERIES IS UP!!! im going to do a full in depth GRWM in the next video :) thank you for all the comments and NEW subscribers from the last video <3
  2. @LorenK-y8m [1 likes]: Heyyyy I love your videos and watch them whenever I’m bored and I love how much effort you put into your videos
  3. @annaburke8537: When I saw thay you were up so late doing all this it made me laugh because that's what used to happen to me every week when I did everything at one time 😂😂 now I do one self care thing every night and it's so much easier to keep up with it!
  4. @rachelno9229: Waittt do we not like feet anymore? I find it so satisfying seeing cuticles get removed and dry skin coming off. That’s my favorite part at the nail salon
  5. @rachelno9229: Girl I don’t double cleanse. I feel like it’s not real. Idk. LOVE THIS KINDA CONTENTTT. More empties reviews
  6. @saraveiga1847: giiiiirl i love your videos, your style too, Im from brazil, and its my DREAM be like you ( I have 17 yers old)
  7. @SamaSharma-g1v: from india love
  8. @taanushamohan: Girl give USSSS the make up tutorial!!!!!
  9. @cari_cries26: Omg ur videos actually motvate me sm YOU DONT EVEN KNOW!!!!! The way you edit, ur attitude, EVERYTHINGGGG!!! Keep doing you Mai you're so awesome!!!! <3
  10. @shells-m6v: Omgoshh no wayy maii i luvv ur editingg especially the ddlc song on the bg 😭🫰🏻
  11. @lindainesgoncalves7151: I love these videos! <3<3<3 I love seing Mai in a good mental place being productive! Love from Luxembourg!
  12. @daniadee7242: pls do updates selfcare routine
  13. @SallishaMohammed: Types of flowers: Hibiscus, Heliconia, Xiora, periwinkle, Jump & Kiss, Amaralyis, calladium and Angel's Trumpet are nice flowers for print on hoodies.
  14. @edits-ci7er: Jesus loves you
  15. @naru325: girly pop really IS liking all the comments lmao😭
  16. @kathym322: i need to do this every week to keep up with my appearance because i just love being put together! it boosts my confidence ❤
  17. @aallen5517: Okay but why are you so funny?! I would’ve subscribed right away but I was enjoying your vid too much 😭🩷
  18. @irenewebb3939: I NEED a tutorial on your makeup and exactly what products you use pleaseeeeee 

Edit: I’m a new subscriber and I’m loving it over here ❤️
  19. @Charlotte_c45: 6:15 GIRL IS THAT DDLC?!?!? OMGGGGGG THIS IS WHY YOURE MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER
  20. @tif4053: Remove the shrit🎉❤

- NIGHT TIME SHOWER ROUTINE | skincare + staple products + winding down: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I need you P you been on my mind you mind you may be me to qu my when it it how you got to do I'mma take that that's why I keep calling you hey loves welcome back to my channel in today's video I'm going to be giving you guys my shower routine specifically for the night time I haven't done one of these in forever so I'm really excited to get into it so here I was editing and decided to call it a night and basically get into my nighttime routine I put my phone on D and D because it's night time and I did not want to be bothered just kidding I just really wanted to get into a self-care Vibe and so no outside distractions I started off by taking my jewelry off and headed into the bathroom setting the vibe is very important to me so I lit a candle first then put on my skinc care wristbands I love these so that the water drops don't go down my arm and like onto my shirt when washing my face I like to double cleanse even when I'm not wearing makeup so my face is squeaky clean so I go in with an oil cleanser first I'm using the Fenty skin melt off cleanser and I put this on my face and rub it around for a bit then I add water so it can get nice and soapy and to remove this I use my little heart-shaped face sponges these start off dry but you have to wet them and it expands and becomes a sponge so these are so good if you have lash extensions because you don't have to splash water onto your whole face necessarily to remove your cleanser so I love these next I'm going in with the youth to the people superfood cleanser this one is such a staple for me because it's not too harsh but it does the job so I rub this into my face for a minimum of 60 seconds before rinsing this off my skin has cleared up a ton recently like my skin is so clear and smooth and one of the reasons I feel like that is is because I'm more conscious of what I'm doing when I wash my face so I double cleanse and I actually rub the cleanser in for a while before rinsing off and I feel like that makes a world of a difference and then I go in with a face stle to pat dry these face towels are great because they're disposable and you're sure that you have a clean fresh towel touching your face every time after you wash it so I wanted to do a face mask this night I wented with the kill's clay mask another staple of mine even though this is a clay mask my face feels very soft and plump afterwards it's really not drying at all afterwards I changed into my towel because it's shower time and my hair straightened so I have literally a whole routine before getting into the shower so I wrapped my hair then I tie it then I put the shower cap on sometimes I even put a bonnet on after the scarf because I need to make sure that no humidity gets in while my hair is straight okay that's very important once again making sure the vibe is right so I put in a shower steamer and let that sit for a sec before I hopped into the shower this one contains eucalyptus essential oil and works as scent therapy while you shower and basically makes my shower smell like a spa my mask had dried down at this point so I went ahead and removed it using my heart sponge once again and like I said I love this mask because my face just feels so plump afterwards anyways let's get into my actual shower routine so I'm going in with the Dr Bronner's tea tree soap first as always I use this only for my underarms and my downstairs area I love this soap because it gets you squeaky clean and I am of the opinion that you should use soap down there something light that won't disturb your pH balance and and this one definitely doesn't for me I've been using it for years and the other day I realized that I've had this bottle for over a year so if you get this size it will literally last you forever because this soap is concentrated next I put on my exfoliating gloves I can't go too long without using exfoliating gloves I just feel like nothing else gets me clean like my gloves do and I love that it has a little bit of exfoliation to it it just feels like I'm really really rubbing the dirt off of my skin so starting off with the bio Derma cleansing oil as a pre-cleanse I guess you could say this in my exfoliating gloves is just a top tier combo because it's an oil cleanser I feel like it's perfect to really get at and properly cleanse everything off of your skin after we rinse that off I go in with a loofah this time around because I don't want to go in and basically exfoliate twice by using the gloves the loofah is definitely less harsh so I'm using the youth to the people superfood body cleanser here so youth to the people recently launched body products and I was honestly very intrigued since I love their skin care and let me just say I was very impressed with this cleanser it smells amazing almost like a cologne and it's really the scent that made me fall in love with this okay but it also has NY camide which that ingredient has done wonders for my face so I'm all for using it on my body and it lathers really really well as you guys can see and now let's go ahead and shave so I'm using the Billy razor here which I finally went ahead and got the starter kit from them recently I got it out Walmart and it comes with a razor two blades and the magnet so you can put it up in your shower and um I get the hype surrounding these razors like the reason I love this razor is also the reason why I have issues with it it's extremely sharp so I'm able to get a very close shave using this but I've cut myself a couple times using this honestly I just think there is a bit of an adjustment period because I'm not used to having such a sharp razor but I will say it's definitely amazing for your girl down there specifically l i do laser now so I do shave and this gives me the closest shave and makes me feel very smooth and honestly she's very affordable considering everything I definitely recommend this razor just be careful okay and then going in with my pmus with some soap to scrub the backs of my feet I've said this before but I do have naturally hard feet so I like to keep this in my routine to upkeep my feet in between pedicures this also really helps with the appearance of my feet if I go too long without this I'll start to develop small crack lines so this is very helpful for me once I'm out the shower it's time to moisturize I like to do this quickly after I get out the shower so my skin is still damp and it's able to retain moisture better I'm using this fence antibody cream it has a similar scent to their perfume and I am simply put obsessed with this cream like the scent the consistency it's definitely one of my favorite body butters it's just so moisturizing and you will smell so good after putting this on and the scent lasts with this as always I do incorporate a body oil when applying my lotion when it comes to this I'm not super picky today I'm using this one from oia and this ensures that you stay moisturize all day and gives you the nicest glow okay back to the bathroom mirror before I go ahead with my skin care I'm going to wax my mustache I'm using these wax ready strips from n these are perfect for like really thin hairs it's still going to be able to get everything off my mustache hadn't grown out fully here but I like to get it done before it even gets to that point so the hairs are very thin and not very visible on camera but I could definitely still see it it my makeup just applies way smoother when this is done so I like to do this every time I start to notice some hairs it is a little painful but definitely very worth it then I go in with a post wax wipe to get any wax left on off and we can go ahead now with skin care so starting off with this nice camide serum from the ordinary I am obsessed with this and I use it every single day in the morning and at night and this product has made the biggest difference in my skin I used to use it like a year ago and some change and then I stopped because the bottle finished and I literally just forgot about it if you deal with skin texture because that is my biggest skin concern you should try this out it's very inexpensive and has literally transformed my skin and I hate that I ever sto using it because wow the way my skin is just so smooth now I honestly just can't believe it because some months ago my skin was really going through it next this longcome serum I don't have all that to say about this product but it does feel moisturizing so that's why I use it usually at night and then this kodali Rich cream is nice and thick and at night I like to feel slugged basically so I apply a good amount of this and when I wake up my face still feels nice and moisturized I keep my skinc care very simple these days so that's really it for deodorant I'm using the Donna Karen deodorant Tik Tock put me on to this one and it's great smells amazing and it does do a good job of keeping the odor away all day I will say though I don't think I'll be repurchasing because it is steep for a deodorant and my Dev spray does the same thing at a fraction of the cost okay finally done in the bathroom it's really time to unwind now so I'm putting my PES on I love me a good modal PJ set it just feels so nice and comfortable and soft on the skin this one is from Amazon I'll make sure to link it as well as every other products I've mentioned and then applying perfume this is a must regardless of if I'm staying in the house or not not putting on my absolute fave vanilla wood I've gotten back into this perfume recently and I just love it it smells so good to wind down I'll be making myself a little drinky drink a sleepy mocktail to be specific this concoction is a healthy little evening drink to help you go to sleep so it includes T cherry juice which is a natural source of melatonin this je Louise Prebiotic flavored sparkling water which helps with gut health magnesium which helps you relax and calm down and I added in Al glutamine which also really helps with digestion so I swirl it all around and there you have it it actually tastes pretty good and I definitely notice a difference in my sleep after drinking this I just get really sleepy like I knocked out shortly after this and I feel like my Sleep Quality is a lot better I ordered some food so while waiting for that to get delivered I got comfortable on the couch and put on my favorite show that I'm currently rewatching I'm so so sad they ended insecure like nothing hits like this so as of right now I'm just re-watching the show just to get that feeling back I mean if you guys have recommendations for shows that feel similar please let me know in the comments down below but that's it for today's video you guys I really hope you guys enjoyed this and if so please like and comment thank you so much love you guys and see you guys in the next one know

  Top Comments:
  1. @haileel1475: You are so pretty
  2. @keiy_productions: Love this.
So relaxing 😊
  3. @NimoOmar-u2v: Are you coping me cause wen I shower I have that glove and I moystris wen I'm done sharing
  4. @Mind_your_business-i5g: 11:10  Me too !!! i love insecure . but i cant find similar shows
  5. @bebaze: Please to all children of God pray for me to hear the voice of God clearly and to be obedient to Him. Thanks
  6. @ЕлицаМаринова-е5г: bruhhh
  7. @martreanaisaac7702: ❤❤❤❤
  8. @swans7618: Your space is so beautiful ugh i want a space like this in the future!!!!!
  9. @ashleyamora1457: No way SZA album been out this long 😭
  10. @Artistrybylolade: I love this content. Definitely trying it out soon ❤
  11. @howarddodge772: i think you look sexy in the towal and i love your eye lashes
  12. @GotlaatlamangPhorake-n1l: Oh my goodness the song name please
  13. @ShashyDiwyanjali-e7w: What is the app use to make these videos?
  14. @Leeceyy4444: Pretty mamas❤✨your skin looks great🔥😊
  15. @SunehaNaidu: this is my first time seeing ur video and i really enjoyed it🥰🥰
  16. @Movementdemon77: Why didn’t you put the mask beside your eyes on your face? Why only on some parts lol it’s like when people don’t wash their forehead…weird
  17. @saifunnaharmunni3937: Girl your name sounds like your muslim?are you?
  18. @Dessyklement: 🪱
  19. @denisedillinger1354: Ladies please don’t waste your money on all these products love yourself save your money 😂❤
  20. @zomrd17: حرام اطهار كل جسمك ياحبيبتي وايضا انتبهي للطاهرة من ناحية الاظافر

- From Drained To Disciplined - The Routine That Changed Everything | Weekly Fitness Vlog: Kind: captions Language: en Every Monday I swore I would start fresh and by Wednesday I was already burnt out. The truth is motivation never saved me. But what did a romanticized morning ritual so simple it almost feels silly. But it turned my chaotic mornings into the calst part of my day. And once I saw that, I realized that discipline isn't about trying. It's not about trying hard at all. It's about building something you cannot fail at. A couple years ago, I was in a really dark place. Depression had me in a deep hole mentally, emotionally, and physically. Dishes would pile up and my skin definitely reflected how little I cared about myself. And the weight of even the simple tasks felt unbearable. I stopped seeing the point of trying. And the deeper I let things slide, the deeper I fell into that hole. And even now, I still have moments where those feelings would just creep back in. But the difference now is that I'm in a healthier state of mind. And I have the small habits that I've built that helps me fight back. Discipline became less about fixing myself and more about just caring about myself. Even on the days I just don't feel like it. The shift happened when I stopped waiting for motivation. Because motivation is temporary. It shows up when you feel good, when life feels light. But what about the days it doesn't? When you feel low and motivation isn't there. And that's when I realized motivation isn't about forcing yourself. It's about creating little anchors that just keep you steady no matter how you feel. For me, that started with my mornings. I wanted to romanticize them. I wanted them to feel romanticized. I wanted to feel calm and have my mornings be more intentional because the first choice that you make each day sets the tone for everything else that follows. Now, instead of reaching for my phone the second I wake up, I give myself space. I make coffee. I spend time with God. I sit in the quiet. Sometimes I journal. Sometimes I just sit there, breathe, and let my thoughts land on paper. It's not about being productive in the moment. It's about starting the day with peace instead of chaos. Avoiding social media first thing in the morning changed everything for me. Before my mornings were hijacked by other people's lives, comparison, distraction, stress. Now those first few minutes belong to me. And because of that, the rest of my day feel more grounded, like I'm actually leading instead of reacting. The other shift was learning to rely on systems, not moods. If I waited to feel like it, working out or eating well, or even doing my skin care, I'd be stuck. But if I set up systems, laying out gym clothes the night before, meal prepping so I don't have to decide what to eat, scheduling my workouts like appointments. Discipline became automatic. It wasn't about being superhuman. It was about removing as many decisions as possible so I can just just show up. The funny thing is once I stopped chasing motivation and started trusting my system, I actually felt more free. My days stopped being constant mental negotiations of should I, shouldn't I, and became simple rhythms that made me feel proud of myself. Here's the part I think most people get wrong about discipline. It's not about perfection. You're going to slip. You're going to have days where you skip the gym or just eat the things you should not eat. That doesn't erase discipline. What matters is how fast you reset. For me, the most disciplined thing I ever learned was forgiving myself and doing that quickly and just moving forward. That mindset saved me because discipline isn't about being flawless. It's about being resilient. And the deeper I got into this, the more I realized discipline is tied to identity. When I thought of myself as someone trying to be disciplined, it always felt fragile. But when I started saying I am disciplined, I am a disciplined woman, it became a part of me. every small choice, making the bed, putting on moisturizer after of course doing my skin care, cooking instead of ordering out was proof of that identity. And that proof that proof built trust within myself. So if you're in a place where discipline just feels impossible, I want you to know this. It doesn't start with motivation and it does not start with changing everything overnight because that's just doesn't make sense. It starts with the tiniest choices that you repeat until they become who you are. For me, that meant protecting my mornings, building systems, forgiving myself fast, and anchoring discipline to selfrespect instead of punishment. And little by little that turned into peace, balance, and a version of myself I can be so proud of. If this resonates with you, you are in the right place. This is the kind of honest conversations I'll be having here. So, if you're ready to build your own version of discipline, calm, sustainable, and rooted in selfrespect, join me, cuz we're going to do this together. >> So, don't you dare feel alone. The hard part is over. Waking up early. We nourished our mind, our spirit, our body with that amazing breakfast. And now it's time to go to the gym and show up for ourself. In the gym, that is where the discipline really shows. That is where you get to practice it even more. When I'm training in the gym, I like to remind myself that my goal is not perfection. My goal is to practice consistency and become more consistent. You know, because training in the gym is hard. Training is very hard. But if you keep showing up regardless of the difficulties, you've already won. So, let's get ready and let's go hit the gym. We got glutes today. [Music] Three. Four. Five. Six. 7. One. One Come on. Wow. [Applause] Huh? Oh, hey baby. Hey, hey, hey. Hey. Oh. All right. Set number three. Oh, these hurt like hell. We got this. Let's You got this. You got this. Yes. All right, let's do this. 2. 3. 4. Seven. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. Let's go. Think about One, two, 3, four, We have one more. One more set. Oh, watch. Oh my Two, three. Eight. Nine. 10. Come on. All right, the machine that I need over there for my iso is being used. So, let's just use this to finish the workout. Going to do it one more time and then we're done. Hold on. Happy. Babes, when I was cooking the pasta, I got completely distracted cuz I'm like also recording and cleaning. at the same time just doing a whole bunch of stuff. I got I I kind of forgot that I was cooking pasta and I completely overcooked it. Like it's so mushy. Like it's Anyway, thankfully I had some leftover uh white rice which you guys saw me use. So that's what happened. I know I showed me making the pasta. I did not want to take that part out cuz you know that's that's what happened in reality. I just Yeah. But um I can't believe I did that. But anyway, um I will see you guys for next week's video. I really hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, please give me a thumbs up and of course comment. I love interacting with you guys. And um yeah, if you're not subscribed, please subscribe. If you don't want to subscribe, it's okay. Thank you for watching anyway. But if you are subscribed, you know who loves you, me. All right, please be safe out there, okay? And yeah, bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @callmeuche [88 likes]: You can find the recipe in the bio now, I forgot to update it before! Thank you all for all of your sweet comments, see you next Monday!!
  2. @susannestieglitz7707 [1 likes]: Can’t tell you how amazingly refreshing it is to hear the struggle somehow so much more encouraging than watching other people work out that make it look so easy and fun and natural.
  3. @dariousmarshall2838: 🔥.
  4. @M.universe888: beautifull how you made this ❤
  5. @ericbluhm1213: You're a breath of fresh air. Perfect form during your workout  and so motivated. Love how organized your are with meal prep. Swoon ❤
  6. @thebrosmemesyt5428: Love your channel xx
  7. @mateusdeassis3217: Somos uma cópia do criador, tudo e possível desde que buscamos.
Normal da estória no cearenses,.
O mulher chibata.
  8. @RachaelJoanMusic: Thank you Uche, real life grounded discipline without the fluff. Watching you is so motivating, go get it girl! To everyone out there it’s the small steps that add up to big results, don’t give up! The things you do in private get celebrated in public. Keep going, THIS matters in so many ways 🎉
  9. @LocsAndRasta: Are you still including the bring raw creatine hcl in your supplement stack?
  10. @HealingwithPorciaMann: I LOVE the way you film your vlogs✍🏾✍🏾✍🏾
  11. @thayssaguimaraes: This amazing!!! I needed this video specially today!!! Thank you!
  12. @nainoisia: do you have a regular job (9-5) or you have all day to choose what you will do?
  13. @CameronDavis-y9c: 🫡
  14. @nelayaam8544: thank you!!! it's so hard to find on Youtube videos about discipline that aren't made by a man (white cis usually), I just can't relate to them at all and always failed in the end... I had to look real hard to find something actually genuine, not some "be the scariest person in the room" typa sh... THANK YOU!!!!!
  15. @ana.wellnessreal: Necesitaba escuchar esto❤
  16. @KarimuNgajua: YOUR VIDEO IS SO AMAIZING. THIS IS THE ONE OF THE BEST DISCPLINE LESSONS I EVER SEEN. THANKS SO MUCH:eyes-pink-heart-shape:
  17. @Thareaaalcoco: Beautiful inside & out 💝 loving your content, thank you for the motivation 🙏🏿
  18. @LeliT-w3y: Beautiful work Uche..
  19. @Olimp-Motivation_History: from drained to disciplined is actually a nervous system shift, not a mindset one. chronic depletion keeps you in sympathetic overdrive - fight or flight burns resources faster than rest can replace them. when your body feels safe, discipline gets easier. you cannot hustle your way out of dysregulation
  20. @Chantellesellshouses: How do I do this with a child 😅

- ultimate EVERYTHING SHOWER ROUTINE 🛁🌸🫧 glowy skin, foot care, feminine hygiene & smell good ALL DAY: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] Hey everyone, welcome back to my channel. My name is Kesha if you guys are new here. In today's video, as you can see from the title, we are doing a everything shower routine. I'll be taking you guys along my self-care ritual, sharing some of my favorite products and helping you guys unwind and recharge for the night. So, I hope you guys enjoy. But, let's just get started. I did just get back from the gym, so I'm just taking off my watch and removing my braid. I did have really oily hair because I was working with my 3-day old hair. And normally my hair already gets oily after one day. So, we are due for a good hair wash. I'm just going in with a brush just to take out all the tangles. And then we will go in with this JBN complete pre-wash scalp oil. I do want to focus this one on the roots. So, I'm just roughly going through with my fingers in little sections and just distributing it evenly on my scalp. So, this hair oil has neem seed extract which helps to hydrate, soothe and calm dryness. It also has hemisol which helps to strengthen hair health. And then there's also turmeric extract which helps reduce redness and irritation and rosemary extract which is known to stimulate scalp and hair follicles. Once that's added, I like to go in with a scalp massager. These help with stimulating blood circulation and promotes relaxation, helps remove any dead skin and product buildup. It can also enhance some healthy hair growth. I do love doing this every time I oil my scalp. So, we're going to let that sit for about 10 to 15 minutes, and we're going to work on our face prep. So, I do like to shave my face. As you guys know, I do this before every everything shower. So, we are going to go in with the leaf shave oil. The oil is going to help with blending our razor onto the skin. For the most part, my skin has been doing pretty good. I haven't actually shaved my face in a while, so you guys are going to see a lot of hair in this shaving segment because I haven't shaved my face in a while. I've been meaning to do a skincare video. So, let me know if that's something you guys want to see because I think my skin's at a good stage right now and I want to share with you guys what I've been doing. So, I especially like dermaplaning my skin because I find it helps with smoothing out my texture. It removes all that dead skin and it also helps with better product absorption. And overall, I just love the way my skin looks with makeup afterwards. I find the application is always flawless. So, I've been doing this for years and I've had no issues. I do have a lot of hair on my skin right now, but that is because I haven't shaved my face in a minute. Yeah, if you guys were wondering if this makes your hair grow back thicker, no, it's just the same exact way as when you started. So, now I'm removing my lash clusters. I did actually mean to do this before I did anything, but I kind of was debating whether I wanted to remove them or not. So, here we are. We're removing them. I'm just using a remover that I got from Amazon and running them through the lashes. And that way they are so much easier to just kind of like pull off without having to tug your real lashes. So, it was super easy. I totally thought I did get a clip of me wiping my eyes after for the remainder of the remover, but I didn't get a clip of that. So, I just used a clean skin towel and just wiped my eyes with some warm water and my eyes were all clean as you can see. Now I'm going in with some tweezers and we're just going to clean up the eyebrows. I usually keep up with this pretty frequently. So I do this at least once a week. I didn't really have much work to do here, but I just wanted to show you guys what I do before I do an everything shower. So yeah, I like to clean up my eyebrows because I find it helps keep the shape. So I like to keep up with it. Now, I did forget to mention that I do like to dry brush as well. So, we are dry brushing. This is going to help remove dead skin cells. It also helps with circulation across the body. It boosts the blood flow. And this can help with lymphatic drainage as well. Just before I get in the shower, I do want to add this peion and vanilla shower steamer. This is going to add that aroma therapy, which is going to help boost our mood. Shower steamers also help with reducing stress and anxiety. They also help with easing congestion. It just adds that extra element to enhance our shower experience. So, I love adding a shower steamer. I love having a nice hot shower because it adds to my relaxation, will help relieve some stress, some muscle tension. It also helps with blood circulation and clears my sinuses, especially during those seasonal changes. So, I am starting off with the AMA Big Hit Volumizing Shampoo. This smells so good. I actually don't know the notes of this shampoo. It smells really girly but without being like too overpowering. It also of course adds that volume and this shampoo in particular is color safe. So my hair is dyed black. I do find that this shampoo works really well with it. And I am going to do this one twice because I do want to do like a double cleansing. Making sure I'm taking care of all that product buildup that we have throughout the week. I do put a lot of gel, hairspray, and mousse and stuff like that in my hair. So, we just want to make sure that we are cleaning our scalp. Now, before I add conditioner, I do like to make sure that I get rid of any excess water that's in my hair. And I did decide to go in with the same conditioner. Sometimes I do like to add in a mask, but I've been really loving the combo of the AMA Big Hit Volume. So, I'm going to add that. It will add that moisture, the volume, and detangle my hair so that it's easier to style. Because we are doing an everything shower and I normally would do a mask, I am going to let this one sit on my hair for a little longer like a mask would. Now, I'm going to put on my exploiting gloves and I'm going straight in with my Dove body scrub. Dove really has the best body scrubs. If you guys know, then you know I'm always using a body scrub from Dove in a lot of my videos. This one was white peach and crushed rice. The scent was really beautiful. We went for like a white peach theme, so I did get a body wash in the scent as well, but I absolutely love their body scrubs. They're just like not too harsh on the skin. They're super gentle, but definitely exfoliate your body, leaving it nice and smooth and supple. Now, we're going in with the Billy Shave Gel in lavender milk. I haven't used this product before, so I wanted to give it a try. I like to mainly focus on my arms and my legs just because I do a laser everywhere else on my body, so I don't really need to shave as often. So, I did go over my underarms, but it's very rare that I will need to Now that our skin is nice and soft and smooth, we're going to go in with our body wash, which again is Dove. It is the rebalancing body wash in white peach and rice milk. This one smells again so fresh and nice. It goes really well with the exfoliant that we used, leaving our skin nice and hydrated throughout the day. And this just leaves my skin nice and clean. I like to go in with a exfoliant, a shave gel, and then I like to wash my body. So, so we cannot forget about our intimate wash. I'm going in with the Baby Dub hypoallergenic body wash. This one works perfect for my intimate area. I find it's just super gentle and cleansing. So, and then I am finishing off with a face wash. The Inisfree Green Tea Amino Acid Cleansing Foam. This one is super hydrating and gentle for my skin. It helps remove any impurities, excess oil, and makeup while maintaining the skin's natural moisture. And that is pretty much our shower routine. So, I'm just going to go ahead and rinse off my hair, make sure there's no conditioner left, and rinse off my body as well. Now that I'm feeling nice and clean and refreshed, I'm ready to go in with some body products. I'm starting off with the Bioma Smoothing Body Serum. This stuff is perfect for layering underneath your body lotion to lock in the moisture. I am going to apply it to my damp skin so my skin's not fully dry. And I do want to layer this underneath my body lotion so that we can really enhance that hydration. Now I'm going to go in with the Natri Glow Getter Multi- Oil Body Butter. This one will deeply hydrate the skin on top of the serum and it's just really going to nourish with natural oils. It's going to smooth any rough texture. It's not greasy at all. It's just giving you a healthy glow. I love to use this one on areas that I do tend to get more dry. This stuff works amazing and it smells so good. And now I'm finishing off the Cocoa Magic Coconut Vanilla Body Oil. This stuff on top of your body lotion is really again just locking all the hydration in. This really adds that glow and gives you that radiant finish which I love especially after getting out of the shower. Adding all these products really helps soften the skin and just overall making your skin look nice and youthful. I absolutely love my body routine. I love all of these scents together. Some vanilla, white peach, coconut. We cannot neglect our feet. So, I'm adding this Freeman foot mask. And I'm just going to keep this on the feet all night. This is going to literally leave my feet so smooth. So, now that our body is nice and glowy and hydrated, I'm going to go in with my deodorant. This is the Sea Splash by Athena. And then we are going right in with our skin care. And this is my nightly skincare. So we are starting with our mix soon toner pads. This just helps with our complexion and reducing any redness that we have on our skin. I'm going to leave this on my skin for about 10 minutes and then I'm going to come back and then just wipe the remainder of the product on my skin. I'm going in with my aelic acid. I do rotate between tininoan and this. So, tonight was obviously for zelic acid. So, I like to apply that to my skin. I find it helps fade my scars. It helps reduce any acne and brightens my skin. And then I'm going to go in with my favorite lip mask, which is by Mario Badescu. And now I'm heading to my other washroom because I do want to make sure that my hair is dry before I head to bed because if I fall asleep and my hair is wet, I end up having like the weirdest dreams. So, I need to make sure my hair is all dry. So, I'm just going to go in with a blowd dryer, nothing special, and I'm going to finish off with the Juu honey infused oil. And I'm just going to add that to the ends of my hair. And that is our hair care routine. Now, because I am heading to bed, like I said, I'm going to go in with my oral care. So, we're first starting off with the water flosser. Now, I'm going in with my Oral B Super Floss because I have a permanent metal retainer underneath, which I always tell you guys about. So, this just helps get in between those areas. And then I'm going to go in with my Sensidine toothpaste and electric toothbrush. And we're finishing off with the breath mouthwash. Now you guys let me know because I've seen a debate and I've done both before and after for mouthwash. So you guys let me know when you guys use it in your routine and why. um because I'm curious to know what the right way is. I mean, I've seen both. I think they both work. Now, I'm finishing off with my face mask. And this is the Seal Face Collagen Hydrogel Melting Mask. Now, this mask does melt. So, you apply it on your skin and you leave it overnight and in the morning it will be translucent. Like, this is so nice. Mask is on. I'm going to show you guys a picture of what it looks like in the morning because it does turn translucent which I think is really cool. But yeah, you guys, that is my shower routine. Let me know what you guys think in the comments down below. And I hope this video helps you guys to take care of yourselves. So, thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next one. Bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anatryz [2 likes]: this was THE BEST everything shower routine that i've ever watched, even from Kisha. i just feel i should do the same routine myself
  2. @KatTmaI [1 likes]: Hi. I really enjoyed watching your routine. Helps me relax. I don't use so many different steps In week. I go sauna once a week and then i do many things more with White wine. ❤
  3. @TalaADx [1 likes]: You are so more beautiful with your natural lashes 🥹🫶🏻🩷
  4. @marwabrsl [1 likes]: J'aime trop 😍 ta maison ❤❤❤❤❤
  5. @josephmondalgo5081 [1 likes]: Refrescante
  6. @ElianeSouza-ew4ty: São muito lindo os vídeos de espada dele
  7. @angelralte29: 🫶
  8. @beautyfashion13: I like your video
  9. @NajiaMuhammad: I wash my hair every 4 to 5 days, my hair doesn't get oily so fast[I'm glad]
  10. @SalmaLakhder-n5o: تاتخسلال  شعر به‍دك ضفرا
  11. @LilibeautyQueen: ❤G❤
  12. @Alisha-vx4kt: Biyo mara qasariyo whallahi waxas ma ficno
  13. @FijianPrincess: What was that loafer thing you used when you used your body wash? I have been looking for something like that for my boyfriend! Or you can list all your shower products only pls
  14. @Glamjunkie: Hi Kisha, I love your video. You use great products. For my mouthwash, I use it after brushing my teeth.
  15. @isabelleamaya4727: eso de afeita lacara eso tecrece mas pelos 😅😅😅😅
  16. @RIYA-film: You look more prettier after removing lashes
  17. @saishajain3741: ur not supposed to use a scrub with exfoliating scrub, its very harsh and bad for the skin.
  18. @unhingedmo: Girl you gotta use the mouthwash before toothpaste! It’s because you need the fluoride in your toothpaste to coat your teeth and using the mouthwash afterwards will ofc wash it away. Mouthwash only has a small percentage of fluoride and it won’t protect your teeth compared to the amount that’s in toothpaste 🦷
  19. @maryjasmine6365: sooo, you are the one from that, temptation island right?...
correct me if i am wrong
  20. @spersaud5185: Your videos are so amazing don’t let the complaints get to you your doing great

- the ultimate EVERYTHING shower routine | skincare, haircare, bodycare + shave routine: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] do you guys know that feeling when you get home and you're like mhm it's an everything shower day you know that type of shower where it feels like it's literally taking off 10 years of your life well that's what we're going to be doing today we're going to go over all things skin care body care hair care and shaving now let's put our phones on do not disturb because we're locking in on this everything shower and let's get started cuz we have a long night of self-care ahead of us welcome to my bathroom and we're going to start off by taking off my makeup this is arguably my favorite part of my entire routine I like clipping my hair back first because I have sensory issues and I do not like hair in my face when I'm doing my double cleanse cleaning my skin well is so important because after having makeup on the whole day my pores are clogged okay and we want to unclog them now you might be wondering why we want a double cleanse instead of just using a simple cleanser it's because it provides a more thorough and deeper clean by the way if you don't own one of these wrist wash bands you're seriously missing out because there's actually nothing worse than washing your face and having the water drip down from your arms onto the floor and let's not even get started if we're wearing a long sleeve top so I'm going to start off by using a cleansing bomb this one is from verse and it has eucalyptus oil and also vitamin e in it makeup is honestly so much harder to remove than you think and just using a simple cleanser usually won't cut it but that's why we use cleansing balms they're made out of oil and can really help get in and remove all of that heavy makeup since they're oilbased they're also really moisturizing and can help protect your Skin Barrier I don't know about you guys but I used to be such a big makeup wipe user I know it's so bad for you but I stopped using makeup wise because I realized how dry it would make my skin and I just love how the cleansing bomm does not do that oh my gosh you guys honestly this is really satisfying looking at all of the makeup that melted off my face so I actually have lash clusters which means when I wash my face I can't wash directly on my lashes I have to wash around the eye area which means I have to remove the makeup separately around my eyes I just like to use this lashify lashes and makeup remover I just put it on a little cotton pad and then I rub it gently on my eyelids and then also on the bottoms of my lashes and guys make sure you're doing this gently and not tugging really hard cuz the eye area is so delicate now we're jumping into the cleansing oil this is the an NOA heartleaf pore control cleansing oil I love anua products so much like oh my God Korean skincare products eat down and yes you can technically just use this to remove your makeup as the first step but I like using a cleansing balm first I usually do two pumps and I kind of just work it on my skin in a circular motion the longer that you do this for you're going to literally see balls of dirt and crime come out of your face it's honestly pretty crazy and then I like to emulsify the product with means just adding a little bit of water which by the way this is new information to me but apparently you want to mulfy a cleansing oil because it lets the oil kind of rinse off easier with water which means also less residue okay now my skin feels squeaky clean but we're going to go in with a foaming cleanser this one is from L Ro p and I've been using it for a while and I've been really liking it this is going to help remove and clean off the residue from the oil cleanser I swear on my life if your skin should now feel like a baby's butt after doing all these stuffs I used to literally have the craziest driest skin and I swear double cleansing is a game changer since we're doing an everything shower routine I decided to also incorporate a little clay mask I've never tried this one before but this is bring green tea tree pore clay mask this is a Korean brand and I've used a ton of their products before and I love them honestly as I'm applying this it's really bringing me back to the high school days where everyone was using those Aztec Indian healing clay masks which now that I'm talking about it I feel like I want to try it again but I stopped using it originally cuz it made my skin so dry but I'm going to leave this on for 10 minutes a hair mask is a non-negotiable for me when I'm doing my everything shower routine the one I'm using today is the comeback kid from Fenty hair so you want to focus a hair mask on the bottom half of your hair sometimes when you get it higher up into the scalp it can kind of make your scalp greasy some other hair masks that I love are way amama and also feno which feno is a Japanese brand but I swear you guys that stuff is so good I'm just not using it today because I ran out I need to get a restock and while I let the hair mask marinate I'm going to go in with a pre-wash now you want to apply this stuff on dry hair so on your dry scalp this will kind of help protect your scalp for any damage that might happen when you shampoo your hair and I've also noticed significant hair growth after using this and also thickness I will say this pre-wash does kind of smell like herbs it's very natural so if you're like a vanilla girl or a very sweet scent girl this one might not be for you I still would encourage people to try this pre-wash though cuz it has transformed my hair plus it's Asian women owned so we got to support it girls okay and I kind of like to have everything marinate in my hair for around 20 minutes before I go and wash it off now it's time to hop in the shower and wash off this clay and hair mask also taking all of my jewelry off cuz we don't want it to tarnish I can already just feel the Life coming back into my hair I also prefer to have the water on warm to hot this is because I usually wear my hair in slick bag and it's usually so tight it's honestly really bad don't worry guys I'm working on it I'm trying to wear my hair down more but because it's so tight it creates so much tension in my scalp which is why the warm water helps for shampoo I'm using the Whey detox shampoo and highkey my life has changed like this shampoo completely changed my hair game and I don't know what I was doing before I had this shampoo this is a clarifying shampoo which basically just kind of washes away all the dirt grime oil and product buildup and you guys see that lather I love a shampoo that lathers good and this shampoo is perfect for a everything shower because you don't want to use it more than once a week since it is a deep cleanser if you use it every day it's probably going to leave your hair feeling really dry and I will say that I do not wash my hair every day I try to wash my hair once every 3 days I think is a sweet spot for me but girl my scalp is clean squeaky clean after using the shampoo and that's saying a lot because I use so much products on my hair so much hair gel so much Taffy genuinely obsessed look at my hair guys now going in with conditioner in 2024 I discovered this redkin acidic bonding collection and I was obsessed and honestly I should have known cuz Sabrina Carpenter was the face of this collection and if you know you know her hair is beautiful once again we're applying the conditioner only on the bottom half of our hair cuz we don't want a greasy scalp and I'll leave it in my hair sitting for maybe a couple of minutes before I wash it out just because we already put in the leave-in conditioner before rinsing it off and honestly not going to lie this video was a little hard to film especially the shower scenes but we got it done now we're going to wrap up our hair and move into body jumping into shaving I'm so excited to share with you guys my shave routine because I always get compliments on how soft my skin is I'm going in first with the bush bomm ingrown hair exfoliating scrub you can get this stuff at Ulta but it's so important to go in with the scrub first this is really going to help prevent strawberry legs which is when your hair follicles or your pores get clogged up with dirt or bacteria the scrub and also just showering in warm water will help loosen up and soften your hair and I just kind of work this hair anywhere that I would shave my legs my armpits and I also do shave my arms now you never just want to go in and shave with just water I actually like using a bar soap but you can also definitely use a shaving cream I love all of the EOS shaving creams but I also do really like the Tre Hut shaving oils using a shaving oil or honestly a bar soap is really nice cuz you can get a closer shave I just used the Gillette razors these come in a giant pack at Costco which I love now if you can see I am shaving upwards which means I'm shaving against the gray if you have sensitive skin I actually wouldn't recommend this because this is how you can get irritation and razor bumps thankfully my skin isn't too sensitive when it comes to shaving but if you do have sensitive skin I would shave it downwards so in the same direction that your hair grows now I like to go in with a body wash and I like to use a big loofah lofas are really nice cuz it really saves you product you can lather this stuff up a lot now I'm going to go in with the L Ro POS foam cleanser that I use on my face because you can also use this on your body this cleanser is really hydrating and usually people use a body wash before they shave but since we use an exfoliator I really like to use a body wash after just so I can rinse off all of that residue I do a couple of pumps and then I just start scrubbing it into my skin if you do use lofas something you want to make sure that you do is replace them pretty consistently I feel like they do collect bacteria pretty easily and especially because we're letting them sit in a moist environment which is the bathroom but girl I love my loofah it helps with circulation and also skin texture popping out of the shower and drying off look at my scalp and my hair you guys I swear there's no better feeling than a really clean scalp especially if you were on day three hair which was my case getting into my robe and then I go in and brush my hair with a Y too comb which I forgot to film but we don't want to use a regular brush you guys that's going to rip your hair out always use a y tooth comb now brushing my teeth I don't know why but I can't use any other toothpaste except for this Colgate one now that it's been pretty much an hour of being in our bathroom we can finally leave and get on to moisturizing I live in Los Angeles and it's still a little bit cold and dry so we got to moisturized I'm going in with the natrium body serum and you don't want to use too much of this cuz it can get a little bit sticky but I really do love this stuff it helps to protect your Skin Barrier please let me know if anyone else feels the same way but I swear there's no better feeling than freshly shaven legs that's moisturized and then slipping under the sheets but I'm just really working this in on places where I feel like are extra dry like my elbows and my kneecaps by the way this is also fragrance free which is so important going in with another fragrance free item this is L Ro pose moisturizing cream this has shea butter in it which means it's extra thick which I love and this also dries down really quickly which I appreciate I try to keep my skin care pretty simple just because I do have kind of sensitive skin I suffered from eczema a lot and I have flare-ups here and there but I haven't experienced any flareups using these two products now we can finally jump into our pajamas by the way a silk pajama is gamechanging it's time to do our skin care now you're going to notice that most of my skincare are Korean skincare cuz I love them we're starting off with a mediced pink pepti toner I'm basically almost done with my bottle but this brand has blown up recently this really helps to soothe your skin another toner that I love is the teer tier milk skin toner this toner is super hydrating and also very gentle you can always take it on a cotton Pad but I like to just apply it with my hands and tap it in into my skin some benefits of using a toner is that it helps to hydrate and balance your pH now I'm going in with the newa peach 70 n serum y'all like I love anua their products are so good this is really going to give you that glass skin look that everyone loves a little bit of the stuff goes a long way but I swear it makes my skin look so radiant and bright it has hyaluronic acid so I like using it in the morning and night now I'm going in with this collagen cream moisturizer from Deer Cloud oh my God if there's one thing that you have to get from the skincare routine it's this product my skin feels so soft after using this and then I like to lock everything in with the anua lotion by the way this packaging is life-changing I think all face moisturizers should be put in a pump bottle now it just makes things so much easier and okay now lips I'm going in with a Hello Sunday lip balm one thing about me is I cannot go to sleep with crusty dry lips that will drive me crazy it's finally bedtime the everything shower routine is not for the week but if you sticked around I love you guys so much after those 2 hours of self-care now it's really time to sit back and relax I love watching a show on Netflix which if you guys have good recommendations please let me know because your girl is always looking for new things and I just love to chill in bed watch my little show or movies and this is genuinely the happiest time of my day nothing beats the feeling of being so squeaky clean and just in bed when it's actually time to go to bed I love to put on some sort of ASMR rainforest sound and I'm a psychopath and I set my alarms look how much alarms I have it's crazy I know I'm just such a deep sleeper and have such a hard time waking up if it's only to one alarm but that's my entire everything shower routine I hope you guys found this video helpful if you've made it this far please comment below what some of your favorite products are in your everything shower routine and as always I love you guys so so much thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you again next week bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Seoooo.rblx321 [1 likes]: Dont use makeup, cuz your real face is more beautiful
  2. @AleciaKillings-r1h: What do you to edit your videos
  3. @EvelynWernecke-r6k: just an fyi her shampoo may nit work for you! it can create hair loss, as it did for me and i’ve read and heard multiple stories of it doing the same! please pay attention to what this may do for your hair, just because it works for her it may not suite your hair!
  4. @SilindileSimelane-n7z: I'm kinda allergic to none fragrances free body products
  5. @kaylamendez1760: what are the best peel off mask ? 🥺
  6. @DarkyTheVampire: This is like science class, lol. I feel like i'm gonna faint so many steps and products and work that needs to be done.
  7. @user-nn8er9og2y: 💖💖💖
  8. @AmandaHle: All that before the shower is kind of a waste
  9. @jessicawilkinson2133: Her hair❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @jessicawilkinson2133: Richbut😢😭😭
  11. @eyurch: for my netflix recommendation, i recommend "baby" its a good romance show about highschoolers mainly!!
  12. @nairaaaaa: WHEREEEE ARE THE PJS FROM I LOVE THEM?!
  13. @once.upon.a.meganskiendiel: tip: when using conditioner, partition your hair in half to make sure you really coat every part of your hair! only apply it on mids and ends! ❤❤
  14. @Mads270791: Pro tip, you always brush your teeth first. Than you shower than wash your face etc.
  15. @DrJustmevibes: well girlies i did it , and the result is stuningggg!
  16. @jawaherbukhary9165: Why can’t you wash eyelashes?
  17. @andersfalck9977: Is it true that you get back akne When Your conditioner is on Your back?
  18. @gwynethyukimoradjaya4900: please make more videosssss like this im dying to watch more
  19. @TinaMelroy: great video!
  20. @Raleigh.21-e2t: 1 Peter 3:3-4

- ANTI-BURNOUT EVENING ROUTINE | steps that work, home pilates, pampering myself, cooking, diy crafts: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hi friends, it's Anukica. Welcome to or welcome back to my channel. Today I'm going to be doing an evening routine with you guys, but not just an evening routine. This is a very special anti-burnout evening routine. Within the past few weeks, I've really put together a routine that I feel like helps me recover, recharge, rest up for the following day. And it's a time for me to just unplug, not look at my phone and really just take care of my mind. And it's been such an important part of me not getting burnt out. Especially when you're go go go throughout the weekdays, I think it's easy to just like forget about yourself and just keep trying to keep going and that always makes me feel super burnt out. Okay, so the first thing that is super important for this routine is that you have to get as far away from work as possible. What I like to do is shut my laptop and I put it far away from me and I don't open it again. I have obviously my emails and my messages on my phone in case anything urgent needs to be done or comes up. Besides that, like I am I'm checking out right now. like I'm clocking out and I'm putting it away from me. And that is super important because it creates like a mental boundary for yourself. And when I was researching like why a routine actually works to prevent burnout, this is one of the things that I found. It says having structured transitions for your brain helps prevent like the mental strain that ends up causing burnout because you're actually able to transition from like a productive mindset into like a much more self-care, relaxing, unwinding type of state. I came with the fun facts today because I have done so many evening routines, but I'm like this needs to add value to people's lives. Like why is this actually good for you? Why is this actually important? your evening routine, your little sweet treat, your little fun beverage. It's actually scientifically good for you. So, in the name of all of that, we're going to have such a good time tonight and unwind. It is 5:30 literally on the dot. I'm going to start with fun drink because I have been staring at the Coke Zeros that are on my counter all day, but I was like, when I finish work, I'll have one. So, I'm going to have one. It says to share a Coke Zero with my homie. It knew we were hanging out today. I hope you also have a fun drink while you're watching this. That is a crisp Coke Zero. The burn is good. That's how you know it's crisp. Okay. Something I do every single day. As soon as I stop working, I don't know why, but it really does like just feels so therapeutic to me is I clean a little tidy whenever I finish working. It also just helps my mind like decompress. Like it's so mindless for me in the best way. So, I'm going to clean the kitchen. And I'm just going to put on some low pie When you give a chance, spice yours. Don't judge the master. We have the whole little setup going on here. This is like my Pilates at home setup. I'm going to do a workout from Move with Nicole. She has a great YouTube channel. channel. It's all like free Pilates. Her strength is insane and her workouts are really hard in the best way. So, I love when a home workout can make me work because I feel like I used to hate working out at home because I always thought that like I wasn't going to get a good workout in. But honestly, it's whatever effort you put in is like the result that you're going to get out. So, I use like little ankle weights to make it a little bit harder and choose what I want. I'm in between like switching Pilates studios. So, I haven't been doing reformer Pilates cuz I need to sign up at like this new studio I think I'm going to try. So, today we're going to do Pilates at home, which is going to be really nice. And I'm just going to do a 25minut ab and core one. I go through phases where I'm either a morning workout person or an afternoon like evening workout person. I'm currently in a phase where I'm loving evening workouts cuz right now my morning routine has been like get up pretty early and just work. And I always felt like morning workouts kind of put like an interruption in that flow. So I've been loving an evening workout and it's been really nice. This decline ab bench has been like the best thing that I've boughten. I'll link it down below. And nothing is able to get my abs the way this can. And I slacked on ab workouts for like a year. Like I think 2023 was the last time I like went really hard with my core workouts. And I just like missed that. And I missed the strength I had in my core. This is really uncomfortable position to sit in. Okay, just finished my workout. I'm going to head to the grocery store. The workout was good. It was light and I made it like really short today for the sake of the video cuz like filming the routine makes it take longer which like sometimes I don't understand why cuz I'm like if I'm just filming my actual routine like why does it take longer? But it's like setting up shots like getting thumbnail pictures and stuff. It just takes so long. So I am going to head to the grocery store and get a few things for dinner. I already have some stuff at home but I need like some extra veggies. So, we're also out of water, so I'm going to get some water. I'm going to look for like some healthy dessert because my snacking recently has not been great and I want to get better at it. Okay, I'm going to do a quick grocery haul before I start making dinner and show you all what I got cuz I literally just ran in and out. So, I've been loving these Chrobani creamers. And I know I like the vanilla one, but I've heard really good things about the sweet cream flavor. So, I am dying to try this with my coffee tomorrow. I got some soy sauce because I like that in my ground turkey. Bell peppers, avocados cuz we were out. cucumber for tomorrow, two bags of chips, some Annie's cinnamon rolls, and I got these little petite pods, like it's like a chocolate mousse, I think, and then I also got this Julio's hot salsa. This is my favorite. I will eat it on anything. And then some cherries for snacks. One thing I do love to do is like set the mood while I cook or like do something to make it enjoyable for me cuz I hate cooking. So, usually I'm not the one cooking or I make very simple lazy girl meals, which I actually think I want to make like a video like lazy girl meal ideas cuz I just make the most simple stuff. To make this enjoyable, I'll either like listen to a podcast, I'll put on like music or listen to music in my headphones or I will put on a comfort show or a show that I'm binging. Right now, I'm watching Secret Lives and Mormon Wives cuz a new season just came out. So, I'm going to put that on while I cook. Black me down. Here's dinner. It's super simple and I love it cuz it just has like everything you need. I did ground turkey and I seasoned with salt, pepper, and a little bit of soy sauce for a little bit of extra flavor. And then I sauteed some bell peppers. I don't know why I was just craving bell peppers as my veggie side today. Rice in the rice cooker like always. That thing saves me every single day. And then some sliced up avocado. I love this. It's like an easy dinner. Reminds me of a meal prep kind of. I have like a very plain taste palette, so things like this are just like perfect. Okay, let's taste test this together. here. I haven't made turkey in a really long time, so I really really hope this tastes good. Mhm. Absolutely. 10 out of 10. At this point, I usually start to like what I call put the house to sleep. So, I start like turning off the lights, putting on like the cozy lighting, the lamps. I feel like it signals to me too that like things are shutting down. It's time to like start getting into bedtime mode. So, I like to do that. Also, when I did Andrew Huberman's like daily routine, he included this, but apparently turning off like overhead lighting is really good for your brain to help you like start to get into night mode. Also, I didn't say this, but this is like no phone zone. After 9:00 p.m., that's like a recent rule I've set for myself. 8 or 9 depending how much I've been on my phone, but definitely after 9:00 I'm like no social media at all cuz I will scroll until like 1:00 a.m. and not even be sleepy because I'm just on my phone. So, I had to set that rule for myself a few weeks ago and it's actually worked out so well. I also feel way less anxious, don't think about work past this point. It's very nice. The only thing I will get on to do is like update stories if I need to post. But besides that, besides that, completely no phone and time to start putting the house to sleep. Okay, I'm going to take a bath, but this is the craziest vibe. So beautiful. I'm going to read, sip my peppermint tea while I do it, and just enjoy this luxury. This looks so beautiful. I lit all these candles, and it's like truly candle lit. I'm obsessed. Can you see the steam coming off the coat? I cannot explain the relaxation I feel right now. It's actually perfect. And the one the aloe candle that's lit, I received it in PR and it's one of those like woodwick ones where it makes noise and it's like the most soothing thing ever. These are the pieces of my routine that I feel like just truly I just savor. Like it's so nice sitting here and soaking at the end of a long day. I wish I had like some Epsom salt bubble bath or something, but I ran out. I brought my book with me. I'm currently reading One Golden Summer by Carly Fortune. I only have like 10% left of it, so I actually really want to finish it tonight. Um I started it a few days ago and I have been flying through books, which is really exciting. I think the video after this is going to be a reading vlog. I'm going to read one more book for that. And I'm reading new releases that came out in April and May. So, I'm just excited because I have been enjoying reading so so much lately. I always enjoy it, but there's times where I just like am so into it that I'm like flying through the books. Lost my train of thought, but these are the moments in my routine that like I just savor and look forward to so much throughout the day. When I was reading up on like evening routines and like preventing burnout, one thing it said was having many rest stops for yourself are one of like the main preventative ways to avoid burnout. And what I mean by that is like instead of taking like one major rest cuz I think this is like what I used to do wrong is I would work until the point where I needed a major rest like I needed days off like I was out of commission. And sometimes that still happens to me you know it happens to all of us like we have busier times than others where you just have to go all in and you don't have time to rest. But when you are able to find like moments within your evenings and within your afternoons to recharge, it's like a pit stop every single day allows you to go further rather than you just going like non-stop for as long as you can, pushing it for as long as you can, for as hard as you can without resting in between like properly. When I don't have structured routines, I get so burnt out so quickly because I'm constantly grasping for time that I feel like I don't have. I'm constantly I feel like I'm constantly grasping for rest that I feel like I don't have because if I don't make time for it, it's not just going to appear. Now, I'm just like ranting, but I feel like school kind of pushes us in that into those habits of like going for as long as you can non-stop. Cuz for me, when I was in school, when I was a student, I had to make it through the semester. Like, I had to go at their pace. And my break was the end of the semester. And I was like, just make it to that point. And by that point, like it was my breaking point. And I feel like that trained me in a way to like work that way. And then when I entered like the real world and like not being a student anymore, I had to figure out that that wasn't actually sustainable. Like I have to take breaks in between cuz I was like where does this habit come from that I like can't stop? But I do think college for me like pushed me to think that I had to go to a breaking point and that the only point of rest was a breaking point. Random side note, I'm just like looking at my skin and like I'm getting a zit right here, which is annoying. Also, my nail broke, which is annoying. I got a comment the other day and they were like, "We all know your skin doesn't actually look like that. Like, why do you have a blurring filter on your camera or on your videos?" And I was like, "I'm so insecure about my skin. That's actually the nicest thing you could have told me." Like, I'm literally blushing at that comment. Like, you think my skin looks blurred? I don't And I just thought that was funny cuz sometimes people like I'll see people leave on other creators videos too and I'm like you meant that is backhanded. But honestly took that as a compliment. There is no blurring. I don't even know how to put a blurring filter on my videos. Now it's time to like prep skin, hair, all of that. My hair is clearly very dirty. Um I'm going to wash it in the morning. I'm going to do like a fresh blowout. But overnight, I'm going to use this Gizu Honey Gloss Camide Hair Mask. I have not used this. They just sent this to me. This is meant to be like a 5-minute mask in the shower, but it says you can also use it overnight if you want like deep conditioning. I'm just going to kind of run it through my hair. I actually don't do hair masks very often. I'm really going to focus it on like the ends of my hair. I got a gloss a few months ago cuz about a year ago, like a little bit over a year ago, I got a balayage. I really liked it. However, it did make remind me why I love my natural hair so much, like my natural hair color, cuz I immediately missed it. I had the balayage for like 8 months probably and then I did a few treatments over to kind of just bring it back to like my natural darker color, but it's starting to peek through again. So, I'm just going to sleep with basically like a slick back, which actually doesn't bother me like at all. What bothers me more is the heatless blowout rods. As much as I love the result, secure it in a scrunchie, now that the hair mask is in, we're going to do a face mask. Let's do this mask. You guys have probably seen these. It's like those overnight Korean beauty masks. And I got mine from Anua. It looks like this. If you haven't seen people leave these sheet masks on overnight, you're like supposed to sleep with them and then in the morning basically absorbs so much into your skin that it's just like a translucent peel that you just take off. I'm not going to do that because I don't know how I would sleep with a face mask on. That doesn't even sound comfortable, too. I'll probably wake up with some raging breakouts and I just don't know how I feel about sleeping with a sheet mask on. So, I'm just going to leave mine on for like an hour probably. I'm going to try it out because I love sheet masks. Love them. And I've been on the hunt for a good one. And I like that you can leave it on like a long time. I kind of love that. So that way while I'm like watching a movie or something, like I can have it on and then before I go to bed, I can just like put on my skin care. It's like a a nyinomide collagen mask. Like that's the main ingredient. People usually use the medicube one. I just went with Anua because I use Anua skincare sometimes. Like they're like my favorite Korean skincare brand. This serum by them. Their 80% soothing ample literally does wonders on my skin overnight skin care. Like Korean beauty is some of the only instant result skin care that I have used. Then this piece, see like my thing is I don't know how this would stay on all night. Like I'm literally going to smash into my pillow when I roll over and this would just be a disgusting slimy mess all over my bed. This feels so so nice. I'm going to leave this on for like an hour probably until I go to bed. And I'm drinking spearmint tea cuz it's really good for your skin. And I was looking for chamomile but I don't have any. I would say this is definitely my favorite part of the evening when I finally get in bed and I have my books, I have my little crafts or like whatever I want to spend the rest of my night doing. This is the time and I usually have my pile of books. If you've been here a while, then you know this is an every night thing for me. I've got my Bible. I have my current read. And then I have my journal. And I'm going to put on my comfort show right now, which is trash reality TV. I just I love it. You cannot take it away from me. But I actually have a little craft that I want to do while I watch TV. I also like to color at this point. Anything mindless like this is where I like to focus on what I like to call nonproductive joy. Something that's going to bring me joy that is not productive. It just feels good and just makes me happy. And right now, I've been dying to do this craft that I actually went and bought supplies for earlier. So, I went to Hobby Lobby cuz I saw this thing on Tik Tok. I saw it like a few months ago, and it's just kind of like stayed on my mind ever since then. I got these two frames because I don't know which one I want to use. I kind of want to use this one, but I feel like this size is better. So, I'm just going to see. I think I want to use this one, though. and some fabric because I've seen people do like really beautiful custom framing. I am going to use these Polaroids from this past weekend that Renee and I took. They're so stinking cute. It was at like a random bar in Austin. And honestly, random bars, for some reason, have the best photo booths because I went to like a specific vintage trendy photo booth when I was in New York. Literally the ugliest pictures I've ever taken of myself. Like, they humbled me so quick. But the random photo booths you find, these are these are it. So, basically what you do is you take your frame and I think you just like take out basically cover this in fabric. So when you frame it, it has like a nice cute little background. And I bought these three different fabrics at Hobby Lobby. I went earlier cuz I figured they would have like the best selection and they had some really beautiful patterns. I picked out three that caught my eye that I feel like also match the style of the house. I bought this super pretty blue and white one. I love this pattern. So then I also bought like this plaid gingham baby blue one. And I think I want to put this frame, whatever I decide to put in it, in my vanity room or in my office because vanity room and office right now kind of are giving the same vibe. I also got this one for like some deeper tones. I got this red. I guess this is gingham. I don't know. I don't know the difference between gingham and plaid. The red is really pretty, but I wish you guys were here to help me. Something about the blue is really pretty, too. But I feel like the red is like prettier, like with the vibe of the black and white photos and everything. This is so cute. I think it came out cute. I feel like I could honestly add some stuff to it, like stickers or I don't even know. Like just stuff. But for now, I think this is cute. Like look how adorable. I'm definitely going to hang this. I don't know where. Also, this was like super quick and easy. Like literally took me like 20 minutes maybe. It's definitely later than my bedtime because filming just makes these things. Why can't I talk? Because filming just makes these things take longer. I'm just setting my alarms really quick. I am unfortunately the person that sets so many alarms. You would not want to be sleeping next to me cuz I do need them all. One time when I was a young child, I slept through a fire alarm. So, if that tells you anything, I hope you guys enjoyed spending the evening with me. This routine has just been like everything for me lately. Usually, I would just end it off by taking some melatonin, but it's a little bit too late for this, so I'm not going to do this right now because then I won't wake up. I also just before I go to sleep, I always hydrate. I have a big jug of water here ready for the morning. So when I wake up, I chug again. I hope you saw like some elements in this that you can incorporate into your own evening routine. It's really just a fun reminder to spend time resting in a way that feels good to you. And I want you to know that like even though a lot of this routine is like aesthetic and like looks aesthetic and like I get the aesthetic shots, I feel like all of those parts of my routine aren't just for show. like they really do create like such a safe environment for me to decompress in at the end of the day. Take breaks throughout the week, create time for yourself, do things you enjoy with any free time that you have and really take care of your mind and your body. And I feel like that is the secret to anti-burnout. I hope you enjoy spending the evening with me. My battery's flashing, which means it is my signal to go. I also really need to go to bed, but I of course love hanging out with you. If you enjoy the vlogs, make sure to like and subscribe. If you like shorter mini vlogs, I upload those on Instagram and Tik Tok. So follow me over there if you want to be besties over there. Go say hi. But until next time, I love you so so much. Thank you so so much for watching. I'm sending you all my love and all my hugs. And I will see you very soon in my next video. Also, if you have video requests, leave them down below. Bye. Good night, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bbldrizzy03 [142 likes]: right now i am freshly out of a cozy bath, doing my nails, sipping some melatonin tea, with my face mask and foot mask on with my headphones on watching your video next to the love of my life, life is amazing 🩷
  2. @jennifergabriel4267 [1 likes]: I feel like I’m at a sleepover with a friend, this is such good vibes
  3. @RymmaSavenko-sh1wl [1 likes]: You are my cozy show for resting time at bed 🌸love this video
  4. @carlygreen2293 [1 likes]: i'm subbing after finding this video - first time seeing you! subbing bc you seem like your feet actually touch the ground and genuine in hoping your advice that you yourself find helpful will help others. and thank you for that! excited to get to see more/body double with you :)
  5. @crystal_sm [1 likes]: Im the same way with sheet masks, i cannot fathom the idea of sleeping in it, i found one that was 10 mins instead of the 20 mins and it was a morning game changer!
  6. @IreneWoods-c8z: So comfortable
  7. @Elan2026: This is not realistic. For the amount of things you did, it’s not possible to get it done in one evening. This recording must have taken over a span of two days or past 1am.
  8. @IronvsStone: No cap did you know? pro tip: crouch as you land = no fall dmg🔥
  9. @juliegauvin1917: What slicked back product do you use?!!
  10. @valentinajohnson7419: watching your video on a friday night, but will definitely be watching your videos through the week bc i’m so relaxed right now 🤍this is really helping me mentally
  11. @mariaferlia7070: Annika 🩵 you are my favourite YouTuber!!! I love your aesthetic, you make me feel so calm and relaxed. At the same time you motivate me to get better day by day! I can see myself in the video many times and I love that! Continue (plzzz!) your amazing job!!! Watching you from Greece, Europe 🩵
  12. @cc-psy: I love this Video…❤it speaks to me sooo much
  13. @CyrusPassion: I’m SO glad you mentioned that you shift from being a morning workout to being a late afternoon workout person because i’ve been struggling to deal with the fact that it changes for me too
  14. @angiewalton1: 🥰LIFE is AMAZING!!! 📚 Would love to know what books you’ve been loving! Totally enjoyed your video!🫶🏼
  15. @mrslokilaufeyson: curled up with my pomegranate tea as my "fun drink"
  16. @rafiaakhtar2316: I thought u said you put your laptop away
  17. @nataliedube1665: this is actually so realistic thank you!
  18. @harwihan345: I was a bit shocked with your spice drawer :3
  19. @Catcall-r2p: 😍😍😍😍
  20. @charolorena: omg i love that you did a diy in bed, never thought of that and it's so cozy

- MY LUXURY BATH ROUTINE | SPA DAY: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] hey guys welcome or welcome back to my channel don't forget to subscribe and hit the notification Bell if you haven't already starting off I am making my pineapple juice and I'm putting this wine glass because this is what I do when I get ready for my spa day that's how I relax moving on to the bed I'm putting some rose petals and some Epsom salt all throughout the bath and now we're working some body wash to give me some bubbles so this is gonna be like a luxurious luxury bag how is looking when everything is all in questions so this is a sneak peek of my product that I will be selling very soon this is a vomit exfoliating body scrub so this will rejuvenate hydrate moisturize repair you just rub it on the area you're trying to exfoliate and it will get up on the dead skin it will moisturize hydrate repair it is all that so I will be selling these very soon look out for that and so I'm just scrubbing my legs very good see how foamy it gets that's what I love about it this is how it's looking when I get done exfoliating now I'm just shaving my legs real quick I do see a little bit of hair and I just want to get those hairs up real quick going in an upward position because that's how my hair grows and I'm just focusing more on the lower legs because I see a lot on the lower more than the upper legs so I'm taking this pink grapefruit bath bubble from The Body Shop and I'm just putting that all throughout my bath and it just made my whole bath water pink and made my water smell so good smell like grapefruit so I'm just enjoying my drink while I'm sitting in the tub once I get out the bathtub I just go straight into my skincare first I'm taking out my hair and brushing it out then I use this therapy foaming facial cleanser and I'm making sure I get all the little makeup that was probably left over and just getting all the oil and dirt off so I'm getting my towel and just take it off all the product I like doing this just in case I miss any areas with the soap I just use my towel and it just takes everything off but I recommend probably using a paper towel because less bacteria I'm taking this body shot vitamin E sheet mask and I just want to give my skin some hydration so here's me putting it on it looked it's so funny like I don't know I just look different with this sheet mask on but I make sure I put some on my eyelids under my eyes nose everywhere you got to really make sure it is in on your skin look how funny I look and I had a straight face so I leave the sheet mask on for 15 minutes and that's me re-adjusting the mask so I'm just setting my timer right here and just strolling through some posts and looking at some emails um because I do get brand collabs here's me taking off the mask and I'm just rubbing in the juices that was left over on the mask so I am brushing my teeth same old same old and I'm using this their breath mouthwash my regulars that I always use now I'm just looking at my hairs like why is it so far back but here I am trying to fix it but I'm like I'm about to go to bed so I really don't need this on so I'm taking it off I don't really need it on which is really funny how I just took it off like that so before I go to bed let's do some quick editing I am off to bed but thank you guys for watching and don't forget to like subscribe and comment and I'll see you guys my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @alive888: ❤❤❤
  2. @Lifewithtweetyy: 💕💕💕💕💕💕
  3. @JasMingTv: Here from tik tok

- SUNDAY RESET ROUTINE | *extreme* deep cleaning, self care, shopping , organizing: Kind: captions Language: en You know when you have those weeks where you feel like your life is falling apart? Your room's a mess. You feel like you're behind in work and you're not taking care of yourself? That's why we do Sunday reset. I don't know if you can tell by my room in the background. It's a whole mess. I just got back from a trip and then I'm going on another trip. So, life has been a little chaotic recently and I need to do a hard reset. Let's go over the list of some of the things that we have to do. Room must be clean. Things everywhere. There's suitcases. There's clothes. Makeup products. Skincare products. I have dirty laundry. I have clean laundry that needs to be put away. My bathroom, that might be a little bit of a mission. If I have time, I would love to be able to run some errands. I don't have any groceries in my house right now, but I only need enough to last me a few days cuz I'm going on another trip. Last but not least, I need to do some self-care. But yeah, guys, we have lots to get done. So, I'm going to stop yapping and let's get into the video. So, the first thing that I always recommend when I start cleaning my room and I feel really overwhelmed is to do the bed. Okay, my sheets need to be washed. So, I'm going to strip my bedding, put them in the wash, and then move on to another section. All [Music] right, guys. My bedding is being washed. Now, I want to tackle this whole area. I don't even really know if you've seen my room in this POV before, but this is definitely the part of my room where I feel like it gets the messiest the fastest. My method of doing things is I like to kind of clear everything first, put the belongings where they need to go, and then I'll go in and deep clean a little. All right, guys. Cue the music. So, I'm first going to put all my clean laundry. Yes, I've been keeping them in trash bags cuz sometimes I'll just do so much loads at once that my poor little laundry hamper just doesn't fit all of it. So, we're just going to leave her here now until we decide to work on this later. I need to at least have a clear walkway into my closet cuz right now I'm like stepping over things. Now it's time for the vanity. I obviously use my vanity every day, so it gets messy really, really fast, but I've honestly gotten really fast at cleaning it up. As long as every product has a home where it belongs, it'll make things so much quicker. Hey, let's go. Okay, guys. My makeup and vanity area is finally organized. So, I'm just going to go and spray down all surfaces and give it a little wipe down. I'm also going to clear off my two nightstands right now. God knows the need to be clean. Unfortunately, I'm just that girl that loads everything onto my nightstand and it just gets so cluttered. For me, Sundays are really just the days where I get to clear my mind and reset for my week ahead. And I really take this time to check in with myself, not just physically, but also mentally. Something that's made a huge difference in my mental health is therapy. It's honestly changed my life and has provided me so much tools to manage stress, set boundaries, and also just to help me show up as the best version of myself, especially in those moments where I feel so overwhelmed, and that's when I really need that extra support. I'm so excited to be sponsored by BetterHel, world's largest online therapy platform. BetterHelp makes it so easy to connect with a licensed therapist all in the comfort of your own home. I don't know about you, but something about you have to drive to a therapy session. Sometimes your schedule doesn't allow it. And if you've never been to therapy before, sometimes it's a little overwhelming. That's why BetterHel is so amazing. It's convenient. It's flexible, and it's entirely online, which is my personal favorite part. So, if you have been thinking of trying therapy out, take this as a sign, you guys. Trust and believe BetterHel genuinely makes it so easy. You can get matched with a therapist. You can switch therapists all on your phone. And I got you guys a special link below that'll give you 10% off your first month. I love you guys so much. And just remember, baddies go to therapy. Okay, guys. Now, let's go back to our video. So, the way my brain works when I clean is I'll have bags with me and I'll start collecting piles. For example, this bag is full of perfume, skin care, hair claws, stuff like that. Things that were just kind of laying around my room. Instead of putting them back one by one, I collect all of them. So, I can put it back all at once. This is like my perfume, body care, skin care cabinet. This makes me so happy. Like, I always love organizing this cabinet. And I got a bunch of things to put back. So, let's get to it. Some new perfume additions. I have the Karolina Herrera Good Girls. Should I do like a perfume and body spray collection? I'm just so passionate about scents. New haul. I also know I just made a how to smell good batty on a budget edition video. Juicy bomb body mist. You guys, these smell so tea. I want to say these are only 3 to four bucks. These are just such good affordable summer scents. I think this one's my favorite. It's in zesty circus. This is how I currently store all of my skin care. I feel like it could be better, but I honestly just don't have that much space to work with in my room, and I'm just a skincare fanatic. Like, I'm always trying out new products. I know a lot of people have been asking for the skincare routine that's coming soon, you guys. I want to do like a really comprehensive skincare video. I'm just going to put back all the skincare stuff that I had scattered around my room. All right, guys. Let's do a quick debrief. It's currently 4:30. Where the hell does go? I have no idea. I have most of my room organized. I just have to go in and kind of like clean the floors, but I'm going to do that very last. Clean laundry is still on my bed. I'm going to put that away when my sheets are done. My plan right now is to go run some errands. I need to eat. I'm so hungry. And then I have some returns to make. And then I'm going to try to do some really quick grocery shopping. I honestly only need just enough food to last me 3 days. So, that'll be quick and easy. And then the last thing I have to do is clean my bathroom and then obviously self-care. But I'm starved. So, let's go get some food. So, I think I'm going to go eat Japanese curry because that's what I'm craving. This is my OOOTD. Super comfy, super cash. I'll have everything linked below. Here we are, guys. Yes, I'm still a wired headphones girly. I honestly think I will be forever. I'm at my favorite place to do some returns. Ulta. Thank you. I ended up buying pretty much the same amount that I returned. So, everything was free. That's girl mask. We are now going to tackle our laundry. So, all of this over here is clean laundry. I just need to fold them up or hang them. And my sheets have already dried. So once I get this all sorted out, I can finally make my bed. Let's get into it, cuz this is my least favorite chore that I always have to do. Guys, My nail just popped off. I've lost two nails now. So, unfortunately, it's now 12:00 in the morning. Basically, I took a little detour. I think the last clip I was putting my laundry away, and then I decided to have a little last minute girls dinner with my friend. And now, unfortunately, we're going to have to tackle the bathroom. I'm really determined to get this done just so I can do my self-care. I'm like, if this isn't organized, then I feel like I can't self-care properly. Okay, I'm just going to bring you guys on a little tour to show you what we're working with. First things first, this little over toilet shelf cabinet situation is new. I just got this off of Amazon. It's so cute. I don't have anything stocked in it yet, so I'm excited to fill it up with goodies just because I have products literally everywhere in my bathroom. Like on the floor, like my other cabinet, small cabinet that I have is filled to the brim, which is why I got this. So, I feel like it's really going to help with some organization. Like, I genuinely have full bags of products laying around because I don't know where to put it. I also just feel like all surfaces, my floor, everything in my bathroom needs to be clean. So, I think for all the products that are laying around my bathroom, I'm going to bag them all up so I can clean everything first and then, which is the fun part, we can start putting things away. We've got lots to do. So, let's get to work. Please. What is that? She's got to go. So, this bottom corner right here has been the bane of my existence. I'm going to show you guys. Basically, I've just been keeping all of like my hair stuff, like my tampons, my pads, like the girly things, all there because I didn't have any space to put it. But now that I have some extra storage with the over toilet thing, I'm going to clear out that mess completely. I think if I do some reorganizing, I can fit some things under my sink and then in the new toilet shelf. Okay, so this is the progress so far. I put in all of my cleanser. So, I have all of my oil cleansers, double cleansers, cleansing balms, and masks. And then I'm going to put some hair products that I really use here, including body products. And the things that I don't use as much, I'm going to put in the bottom drawer of the white cabinet. I'm so upset these don't fit. None of my AMA products fit. Okay, so down here I have my cleaning and some extra products. At this point, I was absolutely exhausted. I think it was around maybe 3:00 in the morning after I finished doing my bathroom. But just because we're tired doesn't mean we're not going to do our self-care. Self-care is such a crucial part about my Sunday resets. I'm starting off obviously with a double cleanse. And then I need to give my scalp a little detox because girl, that slick back, she was tight. Okay, so I'm first going in with the scalp detox and it's from Tea Tree. I love this stuff. It's so cooling on your scalp. I make sure to just wet my scalp a little bit before I go in with this. And then I'm going to go in with a hair mask. This one's from Jesu or Gizu. I honestly am not really sure how to pronounce this brand. My absolute favorite, the Mika leave-in spray. I let everything marinate in and massage my scalp a little bit. And then while I let that kind of marinate, I go in and do my oral hygiene. My electric toothbrush, I love her down. And then I go in with an electric flosser. It just kind of vibrates a little bit in between your gums. favorite mouthwash of all time. The The Breath mouthwash leaves your breath so crispy. Shower time. Oh my god, hot showers are my favorite ever. These are some of the products that I use just for my hair care and body care today. I ride for these products. I use them all the time and it leaves me feeling so clean. After that, I blow-dried my hair. You guys, it was like 4:00 in the morning. I was going delusional. But then I did my skin care. I'm going to be doing a full in-depth skincare routine and products that I really love soon. But in the meantime, this is what I've been using. Look at how glowy my skin is. Heatless curls got to be in. Heatless curls are like my favorite thing ever just because I feel like it saves me so much time. And then finally, we get to go to bed. Hi guys, it's the next day and I just wanted to say thank you for doing my Sunday reset with me. I swear Sunday resets are the best. Like now I have a clean room, a clean bathroom. I did my self-care. Like I can go on about my week with a fresh little start. You know what I mean? But please let me know if you like these type of videos. I hope that maybe some people might watch it while they clean or honestly even just to relax. I personally love watching these type of videos. But yeah, guys, I love you guys so much and please let me know if you guys do a Sunday reset and also what other videos you'd like to see from me. I have a long ongoing list of all the comments you guys leave me. So, but yeah, I love you so much and I'll see you next week. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Itsbabykelz [184 likes]: THANK you for tuning in I LOVE YOU <3 just updated all the links in my description, lmk if you want anything else linked  :)
  2. @bezatadesse1973 [2 likes]: I am 10 years old and beacouse of u my life is so organized
  3. @M3RIAM-892 [1 likes]: 8:50 girl not you saying that your nails got off when Im putting press ons 😭 ✌️ 🎀🌺✨
  4. @ThelifewithSophia [1 likes]: Okay I’m sorry can we just take a minute to appreciate your skin like GIRRL it is easy eating it’s so flower and just so smooth looking x
  5. @neginhamedi2471 [1 likes]: Gisou is pronounced “G  as in Gary (the name). 
Gisou in persian, we call someone who always wears braids, gis = braids in Persian. (The owner of Gisou is of Iranian origin). 

Hope this helps. :)
  6. @SinakhoMkhize-k9t8l [1 likes]: What about Church 😮
  7. @AleciaKillings-r1h: What app do you use to edit your videos?
  8. @kathym322: genuinely need to do prioritize myself again. fall 2025 was ROUGH to say the least. doing a lot better academically especially because I work and I’m happier too because I’m with an amazing support group at work! I love my students (after school program teacher) and i know that i will do great especially in the summer i have 2 online classes hopefully to receive an A in both and i will also be working in the summer! every day 12-6pm and the friday 8-6pm so i will definitely need to have everything set up the night before and prepared for everything to show up as my best self❤
  9. @meliycon-roma4112: Lovedd the video❤
  10. @Alisa_YEAHH: 14:00 I loveee to watch you when I get ready ur just so motivational! x
  11. @1844-n4k: The angel’s warning in Revelation, given just before the destruction of the earth, calls all people to worship Jesus Christ—the Creator of heaven, earth, the sea, and the springs of water. It urges us to remember His seventh-day Sabbath, the only day God sanctified and made holy, with the promise that our needs will be provided.

Those who accept the mark of the beast will be misled into believing that unity under a false first-day Sunday observance will bring salvation and save the planet from crime, war, and climate change. Deceived, they will end up worshiping Satan as a angel of light as though he were Christ and will turn against the true followers of Jesus.

"And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe." John 14:29

By providing details of the future Jesus gives His true followers a way to validate His identity. When these events align with His words, it confirms He is the real Christ who saves us from the overwhelming  deceptions of Satan.

The great false revival the Bible warns about is starting now.
  12. @andersfalck9977: I loves this videos can you Pls do more videos like this!!
  13. @jacquelinealvarez1240: Girl I watched this just to relax and it worked! I am getting to know myself day by day, i love it! 🩷
  14. @jacquelinealvarez1240: I need to start sitting down while folding my clothes too, I’ve been standing my whole life that’s why I hate folding clothes lol
  15. @jacquelinealvarez1240: The laundry thing I relate! I feel seen, I’m glad I’m Not the only one that does it 😩
  16. @MayaGerbergirly: Lip combo !!!!!!!!!! Pls ❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏
  17. @BlessingIneza-j4i: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  18. @OliviaHunter-fp1je: How do i live like this im a 14 teen girl with bpd and my mum has bipolar the house is always messy and she is always ruining my mood and i have 2 friends cos i got kicked out of school and there bad influences on me and the only person who cares for me is my boyfriend 😢
  19. @funwithstorm: So relaxing
  20. @Indiana.Rose.E: 5:38 I have the pink one!

- SUNDAY RESET VLOG | full body pamper routine | preparing for the week | cleaning my space: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] look [Applause] good morning or maybe I should say afternoon because it's already 12:30 this February weather has been making me so lazy I can not get up in the mornings like me and my bed have become one at this point but it's a Sunday life is good my favorite day of the week is here I don't think I've ever been in a bad mood on a Sunday and I'm in a bad mood a lot Sundays are just my lazy self-care days where I don't have to use any brain cells but it's always in the back of my head that tomorrow is Monday so that kind of takes away from the fun I used to just sleep in my bed all day and rot but then Monday comes and I'm so lost because I didn't prepare anything and then I just continue that cycle of laziness I'm basically high maintenance on Sundays so I could go through the week as low maintenance as possible because I still have to live my couch potato life like I can never give that up I hate protein so much but this protein shake oh my God I just can't stand the taste of protein but with the matcha in this it just fully takes the taste away so I'm just casually acting like I haven't posted in 2 months I'm sorry I've been depressed this is me getting my morning sunlight because in the winter I cannot be bothered to go outside so my morning sunlight has just been me looking out the window for these past two months okay usually now is when I oil my hair but I don't know how I'm going to do it in these conditions do you hear that crustiness like I put so much gel that it's actually stuck to my head right now it literally doesn't move but we're going to make do I don't know how but we'll try I'm telling you right now this is the only hair oil you'll need for the rest of your life it's from amazing hair savior this is the only one that has worked for me it's made my hair grow so much real ones know I was literally like balding and this is made my hair grow back to her thick Natural State and you're supposed to massage it in but I physically cannot do that right now so I'm kind of just usually I would put it all over but I don't have the facilities for that right now can you believe I haven't washed my hair all week actually you probably can believe it I was in Montreal for the week and I forgot shampoo and conditioner so yeah I just had to make do with body showers and I literally just got back yesterday so I feel musty I missed my shower I can't wait to take a shower okay so the hair is all oiled up actually barely but we did something I like doing it before my workouts cuz I don't know I just feel like it penetrates more cuz I'm sweating my pores are open yeah I don't know I just make up sometimes is it weird that I do my own workouts okay maybe it's a bit narcissistic but they're the only ones that work for me okay workouts done the sun is out for the first time in like 3 weeks it's been depressing out here so I'm feeling good I literally forgot what the sun felt like on my face oh it's it's leaving hi my baby hi okay I'm starving because I literally only had a protein shake today one thing about me is I literally get obsessed with different meals and then that's like all I eat for the whole month until I get sick of it and then never eat it again I think I have a problem so this month's obsession is a chickpea tuna avocado salad okay hear me out listen it sounds really basic but it is so good it's also a good cheap meal if you're a student on a budget little hack just use the lid to strain it out maybe that isn't a good hack I'm sorry okay there's no way I'm eating this whole can so I'm going to do like half I'm so hungry I can't wait so I'm snacking on these walnuts walnuts are actually really good just nobody wants to admit it okay so the key to the salad is make sure your tuna is soaked in olive oil and not water if it is just strain it and then put extra olive oil in it okay so I'm actually putting more olive oil because I'm a for olive oil I do the splices before I put the avocado in it just some salt some pepper minced garlic and I hate onions but I can me up some minced onion though I was going to use this avocado because I don't want to be wasteful but it's not looking too good I like extra avocado in this so I hope it's a juicy one oh yes today is a good day now I just put some lemon juice and some lime juice and then we're all done this is the best part you have to eat it with peita chips it is the best combo in this world Bona Petit there toe Bon Petit you sound time to find a good YouTube video to watch why am I an iPad kid I'm I swear I'm aging backwards that was so bomb I've been trying to take a cold shower every day because I feel like it helps me to like discipline myself more because that's one thing I am not good at it also helps with so much like stress and muscle soreness which I need right now and I still have to take my everything shower which I'm really excited for so I'm just going to have a quick rinse and then get this over with I can't even lie that got me feeling like I drank six coffees and was rebirthed from the womb I feel like a new woman in the moment though I always think I'm going to die but it's worth it the feeling after is worth it before I got in the shower it was so gloomy outside and the sun just randomly decided to come back out so I'm really happy right now here's the fit for the rest of the day I always like dressing up even if I stay home cuz I feel like I'm actually doing something with my life I actually have an insane amount of clothes to put away but I'm procrastinating it because I'm too excited to give you guys a haul of these pieces I got from today's sponsor thread up thank you thread up for sponsoring Lil me if you didn't know you could Thrift online welcome to your new shopaholic life I'm right here with you thread up is the largest online thrift store ever so they literally have everything you can imagine like any brand you can imagine they have it if you've never shopped secondhand let me tell you it's literally life-changing for your wallet and your closet girl and it's crazy sometimes I find things that are literally 95% off the estimated retail price you know I go farewell on there anyway let's get into the haul because I found really good pieces and I want to give you a fashion show first thing I got this vintage guest leather jacket are you kidding me so cute I literally got this for $50 and the estimated retail price was $191 that's a discount if you ask me I don't know how I forgot to tell you that I also got these pants from thread up okay oh my god do you see my leg shaking I'm not flexible I've been wanting a pair of gray dress pants for a while now I feel like they're very versatile like you wear them casually or dress them up I don't think you're going to believe the discount I got on these I think this is the biggest steal I've ever gotten in my life I got them for $17.99 when the $318 what that's a 94% decrease in price okay I don't think you're ready for these Coach bags I almost shed a tear when I was scrolling and saw them one thing about me I love a good 2000's Coach bag I'm literally collecting them at this point these were both estimated to retail at37 $5 but I got this one for $102.99 and this one for $97.99 I also got these really cute vintage Victoria Secret scarves can you tell I'm in my scarf era maybe just a bit they were both estimated to retail at $32 but I got this one for $14.99 and this one for $9.99 just wait till you see the fits I make out of these just wait you're not ready I've been trying to change up my style to be more me cuz I feel like my whole life I've just been following Trends and I would make that my whole Persona and I'm done I'm done and when you shop secondhand you find so so many unique pieces and I love me a good statement piece so I feel right at home anyway if you want to shop on thread up I favored it a bunch of items so with the link in my description you can shop all of my faves if I don't get to them first the Sun is setting and I'm sad because I don't want to clean in the dark but I got to do what I got to do this is what I meant by I have a lot of clothes to put away they're they're literally everywhere I don't know what to do with myself but I literally have no space to put them so they've just been chilling there I don't know I don't know what to do I want to finish cleaning everything by the time the sun sets so let's get to work that took me way longer than I expected so the sun set a while ago my goal wasn't even close to being reached it was barely scratched but everything is clean and organized and life is good are are you eating girl I just cleaned the no I just cleaned the floor and you already made a mess what do you have to say for yourself he's like this shit's good I don't give a oh and remember when I told you I had no space in my closet I wasn't kidding I don't know how I managed to to fit everything in but I did next chore is a closet cleanout because the best thing about still living with my parents is my mom's dinners they actually might just be the best part of my day now that my body's fueled and I gained a couple brain cells back it's time for the not so fun part which is planning my week but I have a hack to make it easier for myself and not fully dreaded usually on Sundays I plan out like a rough estimate of what I have to do for the week because I wouldn't call myself spontaneous but I end up having to move things around like four or five times because of my spontaneousness and then every night I plan out my next day really thoroughly so I know exactly what I have to do when I get up if you watched my last video you'd know that but that video was also posted like 2 months ago so hey I'm I'm back sorry I kept you hanging I did miss you though how have you been you could let me know in the comments because I literally read all of them but anyway today I just have to to plan out my week and plan out what I have to do tomorrow okay so what I started doing that helps me a lot is I make a master list of literally everything I have to get done and then whenever I think of something that I have to do I just write it down whenever it comes to mind I can't talk and type at the same time so I literally just almost typed out what I was saying and then I create another list of what has to be on tomorrow in this case this is today's list so we're changing it to Monday's list then I literally just take things off of the master list depending on their priori so tomorrow I'm going to take these and my day planned so this has made it a lot easier to plan my days and I don't dread it anymore because I literally don't have to use brain cells but back then I would just set myself up for failure because I would just hope that I would remember what to do and I wouldn't so I wouldn't get anything done but now I could just put my full energy into completing the things that I know have to be done right away instead of procrastinating and stressing about everything that has to be done and then I just use my two list to transfer everything to my planner I don't know why I feel like a physical planner helps me to get more done YouTube or just me if it was up to me I would get everything I have to do done in one day but it's just not possible and don't let anybody make you think it is you're human not a machine and as someone that's like addicted to being productive that took me a long time to get through head okay now it's the time we've all been waiting for the glow up anyway we're glowing up now really but first let's get the Vibes right in here okay I'm done trying to be aesthetic it's too dark in here okay get ready because we're doing a full body head to toe pampering first up Oral Care I also haven't flossed in a while so I'm I'm kind of scared this is by far my favorite part of the whole week I've been doing it every Sunday since high school school so it's like therapy to me at this point I used to use White Strips all the time and my teeth are just like permanently stain now so I'm like happy but I probably took 10 years off of my life so now I use activated charcoal I've had this same one for like 6 years now I don't does it go bad make it 15 years so I just put toothpaste on my toothbrush to make it stick and then I dip it in it makes a huge mess though I usually brush my teeth with my mouth open but I can't afford to do that I don't think you're ready for this oh I scared myself there do they look white yet I look like I could be in a horror movie I I need this thing okay the mouth is all rinsed I don't know if it's Placebo but I always feel like my teeth look so much whiter I don't know I totally butchered that okay next up we have eyebrows but with a Twist after I pluck them I'm going to dye them with men's beard dye hear me out okay when I'm done plucking them I'll be back and I'll show you just how bomb it is thousands of tear later time for the moment we've all been waiting for okay so basically we have the color base and the color developer we mix them together and they dye my eyebrows really good actually and then it comes with this little tray so I just go right into it it's kind of a lot I didn't mean to do that and then this didn't come with it it was just an old angled brush and spoolie that I have so I just mix it up and apply it it's quick and easy my eyebrows are really thin at the ends they actually just started thinning out recently and I'm kind of scared so I concentrate most of the product there I basically do it as if I was filling in my eyebrows with makeup since it also lowkey Dy your skin I clean it up with a Q-tip it starts to look scary which may turn you off but I swear the end product is worth it I've been using this for years and I still don't know how long to do it for 5 minutes I've been doing it for 20 this whole time okay while I'm waiting for those 10 minutes to be up I'm going to shave my face there's no way you're taking me serious right now am I risking getting the biggest breakout of my life yes but I'd rather my makeup sit on my face smoothly I guess the time has come for my everything shower I just know this is going to take like 2 hours I need to take my iron before this for you it's going to look like a 20 second cute aesthetic Montage but just know that I will be sweating and dying and hyperventilating in that shower so just keep that in mind while you watch the aesthetic montage that shower was a whole ass workout I think I got dehydrated in there but 2 hours later I'm now hairless I feel like one of those bald cats I told you the eyebrows would look bomb I know you didn't believe me but here's the finished product okay my skin is literally shriveling up I need a toner this toner from Sun by me has been so good for my acne I love it this is the skin prep cuz we're doing a face mask my dark spots make it look like I have a lot more acne than I do because they show up red but I literally only have like four active pimples right now some days though I feel like they look darker than other days and I used to let them get me so insecure so I literally wouldn't film at all if I was having a bad skin day and I would say today is kind of a bad skin day I can't lie so now I'm like an avid vitamin C user and this face mask from naban has helped to fade my dark spots so much I love me a good sheet mask because I hate putting face masks on it feels so like okay she doesn't look too promising right now but she'll transform before your eyes just watch see here she is oh that's cute The Masks look crazy enough when they're clear when it's yellow I look like I belong in an insane asylum I literally rub the serum everywhere cuz I get dark spots everywhere so I just realized half of this video is me looking absolutely terrifying I don't if you're still watching I don't know how you haven't gone scared away yet okay it took literally all day but the Sunday reset is officially done now it's time for me to go back into my natural habitat my whole body is numb from shaving I'm really tired but I don't want to sleep because when I wake up it'll be Monday but I really hope you enjoyed the video let me know if you like the vlogging content because most the time I'm literally just at home and I hope this video motivates you to get through the week just wanted to pop in and say hey I also want to give another thank you to thread up for sponsoring this video thread up if you're watching this I love what you guys are doing and I love that I get to promote it you know I love you guys and I'm here to remind you that you can get an extra 35% off your first order on thread up with my code Alesia and free shipping how could you pass up that opportunity I'm going to go on another shopping spre when I'm done editing this so you guys better not sell out my favorites but the link is in the description if you want to check them out okay I look horrendous and I don't want you to have to see me like this anymore okay bye if you're still watching comment down below I love Mondays cuz people are going to be like what the who is this psychopath I love you guys so much good night

  Top Comments:
  1. @teresadif949 [2 likes]: I just found you because I'm practicing my English and needed to watch a video. From the title and preview, I thought it was the usual video of a beautiful girl doing all these things in a very aesthetic way. But I'm staying for your irony, I'm dying of laughter 👀
  2. @Shann0nInThecl0uds [1 likes]: I love Mondays. But seriously girl how is this so aesthetically relatable?
  3. @LarSonia [1 likes]: Why do I love her already😂😂😂I just came across your channel sis but now am hooked🥰🥰
  4. @정하영-r4j: Alessie (the cutie nickname I created, no offense 😂) I miss ur videos, where are u I’m still watching ur old videos, they’re so motivating girl ❤ Hope u come back soon and always I love uuuu ❤❤
  5. @Domino_Vera: $102 and $97 are expensive thrifts...
  6. @JJK_VIBES1: i love mondays
  7. @Never-mind-: Its the time we all been waiting for 🦜🦜🦜🦜🦜🦜🦜🦜
  8. @MoushumiSaha-j6l: I spend all day watching this
  9. @MoushumiSaha-j6l: Girl acne is wat im fighting ri8 now back acne
  10. @Michelleshallet: Who else is here because they miss alessya😓
  11. @AamGa-k1z: Woow 🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼
  12. @gr4yz.v0id: What air purifier do you have? I really need a good one
  13. @anonymous-m1q9x: I love Mondays. Also, I just want to say that this really inspired me, I'm 14 with HORRIBLE ADHD and love procrastinating. It is currently 12:19AM on a Sunday and I just got this burst of energy to get all my shit done. You made it aesthetic but also showed the bloopers in a way and that not everyone's life is perfect. I appreciate this so much and although this may not make that big of a difference to your channel, you just gained a new subscriber!
  14. @slee_xpy9684: Soo productive
  15. @xxglamourr: what is that light on your dresser in your room at the end?
  16. @simply.mimii1: i love mondaysss ifykyk im saying this for the sake of alessya. also alessya if ur reading this thank u you’ve helped me so much especially w my skin, and making me feel confident. and i love ur humor sm like ur a literal icon. i also love how u never gatekeep anything even the things u favorited from thread up. it literally feels like ur my actual online sis (basically convinced u are🤭). love u so muchhh and pls start posting againnn 🤍🤍
  17. @MrRogers-g9b: ❤❤
  18. @latifamthembu4372: I love Mondays ❤
  19. @LanaDopavogui-f8n: I love monday's
  20. @NeziNappsakaNezi: I love Mondays.  ❤

- Mindful 40+ Diaries 🍂Calm and Cozy Morning At Home | Seasonal Baking and Cooking | SILENT VLOG: Kind: captions Language: en-US Good morning, friends! I hope your week’s been going well so far. This morning, I felt like making waffles. To make them a bit healthier, I swap regular flour for oat flour. I don’t usually buy oat flour. If I need some, I just blend rolled oats in my coffee grinder until they’re nice and fine. In a bowl, whisk together oat flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. I’ll leave the recipe in the description box below the video. In another bowl, whisk together all the wet ingredients. It’s full-on autumn outside, so of course, they had to have pumpkin puree. I make it myself, just roast the pumpkin in the oven and blend it until smooth. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and stir gently until just combined. The batter should be thick but easy to spoon. Add a splash of milk or water if it’s too thick. As the waffles cook, I get my coffee ready. My Meraki espresso machine has already become part of my routine. The machine measures everything by weight, so it’s easy to stay consistent. Meaning each shot has the perfect strength, flavor, and balance, and I can experiment with different doses without guesswork. I love that everything I need is included: the grinder, the scales, and all the accessories. It really feels like having my own little coffee bar in my kitchen. It’s quiet, durable, and the touchscreen is so easy to use. Cleaning is simple with removable parts, and I love that I can track everything with the integrated timers and scales. Every espresso I pull comes out balanced, rich, and with that beautiful crema. I absolutely love the steam wand, it whips up silky foam in seconds. I think that’s what I love most about the Meraki, it makes great coffee feel effortless, but it still lets you enjoy the craft behind it. Waffles on the plate, coffee in hand, and a few peaceful minutes to myself. After breakfast, I load the dirty dishes into the dishwasher, wipe down the counters and put everything back in place. Doing this keeps the kitchen clean and fresh, and makes it easier to start the next meal. A few simple steps, and the space feels calm, organized, and ready for the day ahead. For a quick and gentle clean, I just mix a cup of warm water with a drop or two of dish soap. It cleans gently and leaves the kitchen feeling even fresher. The laundry I loaded early in the morning has already been washed and dried. Now it’s time to iron it and put everything away neatly in the dresser. I used to use a big ironing board and a heavy iron, which took forever. Now it’s so much quicker and easier with my small, super handy ironing board and steamer. Choosing the right tools makes everyday tasks faster, easier, and even enjoyable. When I try to fold a pillowcase the usual way, it falls apart. But if I fold it like this, it holds its shape, and my drawers stay neat for longer. Everything stays neat and in place, even when I take something from the middle. Folding a huge fitted sheet neatly and compactly is quite a challenge. I do it like this: first, I hold the sheet by the corners, tuck them into each other, then lay it on a flat surface, smooth it out, and fold it step by step until it’s a neat, compact rectangle. The other day, I was at the Homegoods and spotted this set of three kitchen towels on sale—60% off! I couldn’t resist getting them. They’re a neutral shade with a lovely autumn-inspired design. Autumn always makes me want to bake something delicious that fills the house with a wonderful smell. Recently, I found a healthy pie recipe that’s mostly apples and barely any dough, so it’s lighter on the waistline. I started with the apples. You can peel them if you like, I decided to leave the skin on. Then, remove the cores and cut them into thin slices. I have four medium-sized apples. If yours are large, you can use three. The apples should be sliced very thinly. Preheat the oven to 360°F (180°C). In a bowl, combine two eggs, 2 tbsp of sugar (or adjust to your taste), 40 g of melted coconut butter (a bit less than 1/4 cup) , 1 tbsp vanilla extract, 4–6 tbsp of flour, 1/2 tsp of baking powder, and a pinch of salt. The batter should be slightly runny. Pour it over the sliced apples and gently mix until all the pieces are nicely coated with the batter. Grease the bottom of the pie dish with butter and lightly dust it with flour. Fill it with the apple and batter mixture, then gently press down with a spatula. Sprinkle some cinnamon for a lovely aroma and add a few almond flakes on top. Bake in a preheated oven for about an hour, until the top turns a nice light golden color. Allow it to cool completely before cutting into slices. I love browsing home décor stores, not just at the start of a new season, but also closer to the end of the season. That’s when you can often find really good deals on beautiful items. I enjoy checking out cozy seasonal colors and sometimes even spotting items I didn’t expect to find on sale. It’s a little treasure hunt every time. Finding something I love is great, but finding it on sale makes it feel twice as rewarding. Stores haven’t rolled out the biggest discounts yet, but Christmas products are starting to show up. For lunch, I want to make a flavorful salmon soup, it’s actually one of my favorites. In a large pot over medium heat, cook onion, garlic, and carrots for 5 minutes until softened. Stir in diced potatoes, bay leaf, and water (or broth). Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes until potatoes are tender. Cut salmon into bite-sized cubes. Set aside. Place the salmon pieces into the simmering soup and cook for 5–7 minutes until tender. Add dill, salt, and pepper to taste, then stir in 1/2 cup (120ml) of half-and-half or heavy cream. Heat gently for 1–2 minutes without boiling. Time for afternoon tea, a little break before I move on with the rest of the day. My favorite moment to slow down and enjoy something warm and comforting. The pie came out so soft and light, I really recommend giving it a try. Thank you for joining me this morning. Wishing you a nice and peaceful week ahead. Take care, and I’ll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CinthyaMorel [1 likes]: This video is a real treat, like when you come home and want to feel good.🌿🍂
  2. @НургульХаджиева-ж9з: I'm in love with your videos❤ They're so calming and motivating 😍
  3. @lisaduncan3363: Looks like The Villages in Florida
  4. @carolinaquintero404: What a beautiful home you have ❤
  5. @RehmahNansubuga: Thank you for taking us shopping with you
Greetings from Uganda
  6. @IrisOrpilla: I LOVE SO BEAUTIFUL Home COZY Nice AMAZING 2:04
  7. @alveerasyed2099: Where do you live my dear..i mean which country? Your house is prettiest.
  8. @JoyDiaries26: New subscriber here from Nigeria! Inspired and calm vlogs which I am glued to
  9. @lanka8786: ❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @catalinaturcu09: ❤😊
  11. @debbiemillan8166: Hello! First time here! Loved your soothing video! Can you please say what kind of cloth did you use for cleaning your counters, etc? Is it cotton?  Or another material? Blessings from P.R.!
  12. @urbanewhisper: Hi Natalie, you have a lovely home and vlog. Thanks for sharing.
  13. @Soraya11.11: Vídeo sin música y solo asmr ❤❤❤ graciassss🥹
  14. @afsanehbolourian5882: Thank you so much ,Your home is so clean and beautiful ,i’m from Toronto Canada
  15. @Minhphuong-d1d: Vi deo Rất hay🎉
  16. @SarahHaras-d5j: Are you living in a magical world ❤❤ so fantastic i love it ❤🌸🥺
  17. @AzizaSafdari: A small group of YouTubers can succeed by supporting each other.😊
  18. @HelenHoang1898: your life is so peaceful
  19. @Oyendrilavlogs: Your vlog is very nice and calming ❤❤. I really love your vlog ❤
  20. @burgermeister4469: You have a beautiful home. Thank you for the quiet relaxing time.

- What Happens When Women Try Keto - Hormones: Kind: captions Language: en now I'm not a woman but nine years of doing Kido and nine years of studying and researching Kido and being alongside some of the best Kido researchers I know a fair bit about what happens with the ketogenic diet on the female body now I'm not a perfect expert in this world but I can at least break down what the research is showing and at least disseminate some good information so that you have a solid comprehension of what's happening in the female body so maybe there's instances where you feel like you're plateauing quicker than your male counterparts and we have some hypotheses there because it really just comes down to estrogen another hormone so we'll break it all down hey I have new videos coming out all the time so if you would please hit that red subscribe button and then hit that little bell icon to turn on notifications that would be awesome so after you watch this video if you're doing keto I highly recommend you check out Yugi toh matcha so if you consumed matcha green-tea which I highly recommend you should you should check them out they're a one hundred and eighty year old matcha company and they have these cool little single-serving keto friendly sweet matcha packets so super awesome stuff you sub out your coffee for whatever you want but it's something that's really really good at boosting the catecholamines that you need to get the most out of your ketogenic diet so special link down below if you want to check them out after we get through all this hormonal science okay so the first thing I have to address is there aren't a whole lot of studies that take a look at women's hormones on the ketogenic diet over the long term okay that's I have to be very very clear on that so we've had to kind of look at different studies that look at different things surrounding PCOS surrounding estrogen and put a lot of things together and we do have an interesting hypothesis as to why women might stall out faster than men when it comes down to the early phases of keto adaptation now some of the things that we have to recognize is that a lot of times changes in hormones and changes just in the body are more noticeable in women than they are in men simply because women have a lot more in the way of hormones these are things that are gonna be catalysts for different reactions and in the body so it's more noticeable in the female body that it might be in the male body and also women have sort of a built-in litmus test by having a monthly period okay that's something that is very easy to see when it gets thrown off so in essence women have things that highlight changes a little bit more so it's actually quite easy to recognize in hormonal function as far as the keto diet goes with women because you can see it periods may be becoming irregular or they become more regular it's just recognizable so let's go ahead and let's start off with the first part of this video which really talks about the things that people already know kind of like we're talking about the obvious things with PCOS right PCOS is the biggest thing that we can highlight and it's talked about a lot with keto because there's very clear evidence that keto works well for PCOS but it's also a good indicator that keto is just good for the female body in general PCOS affects at least 7 percent of the female population anyway now that's who have actually been diagnosed so there's probably a lot more so polycystic ovarian syndrome manifests through infertility issues irregular periods a lot of pain a lot of cramping anyway it's just a classic case of just hormones being pretty much out of whack and a lot of times it has to do with high levels of insulin in fact it's even been coined ovarian diabetes for that very reason high levels of insulin tend to correlate with PCOS so right then and there the ketogenic diet reducing insulin levels is very very much so could end up getting rid of PCOS altogether in fact in some cases it's reversed in so here's a couple of references just to make this clear the AACE clinical care reports published a study that took a look at for women who were having fertility issues and having irregular periods they put him on the ketogenic diet and they found that just after 6 months all four of them ended up having normal periods and two of the four conceived and the funny thing is they weren't even actively trying to conceive it just came that much easier so that's a very very good story for people that are trying to get pregnant having fertility issues now the next study was published in nutrition and metabolism very similar took a look at five women that had PCOS put him on a ketogenic diet at less than 20 grams of carbs per day and they found that yes their PCOS symptoms went away symptoms improved dramatically and they ended up getting back in their normal period schedule and to the five ended up getting pregnant so this is all great news so we know from a hormonal standpoint as far as PCOS goes it plays a big role well let's dive a little bit deeper because you're probably wondering about fat loss your thyroid some of these other things so one of the big things I want to look at is the under consumption of fats for women due to various environmental and societal reasons women tend to under need in the first place now on a ketogenic diet it's very easy to underneath the fats okay especially women that are first starting they just have this aversion to eating those calorically dense fats because it's extra calories and why do they need them so they tend to trim the fats a little bit well this can obviously cause some slowdowns in your basal metabolic rate and it causes some slowdowns in your thyroid function lower levels of t3 now this isn't always bad but if it happens for too long for too much then you're running into an issue okay so we have to be very very careful with that now the interesting thing about the ketogenic diet when it comes into play here is it does of course have a weight loss induced reduction of your thyroid hormone t3 however that lower t3 doesn't translate into slower metabolism like it does with other diets there's a lot of reasons that it could be why but the point is that's fascinating we can lessen our t3 lessen our thyroid function but not have it affect our metabolism lower slower thyroid is actually good for longevity and good for our cells we just don't want to have the slow metabolism that normally comes with it well Kito's the answer there and one of the ways you can kind of get around that potentially slower metabolism is by having a refeed every 14 days or so so dr. Jamie seaman who's an ob/gyn specializes in the keto diet that's what she recommends I tend to agree with her having the 14-day kind of refeed with a few carbs or just extra calories to just kind of keep the metabolism a little bit hotter now I do need to touch in the thyroid for a little bit because I think it plays a big part and it's honestly a lot of misinformation on it so the first thing I want to talk about really quick is birth control will affect your thyroid so if you're a woman and you're taking birth control not saying that you shouldn't take it but I want you to know that that could be affecting your thyroid levels okay it depletes folic acid it depletes selenium it depletes the zinc all which plays such a big role in the conversion process of t4 into active t3 which is the thyroid woman that you need to burn your metabolism nice and hot to burn the fat that you want to burn okay the other thing that you need to know is as a female with higher levels of estrogen estrogen increases thyroid globulin so what that means is you're going to have more Tyron hormone that's getting bound to a thyroid globulin basically the thyroid binding globulin so what that means is the thyroid hormone that is free in your body is getting bound up and not able to attach to receptors and do what it's supposed to do because it's bound to this thyroid binding globulin directly impacted by estrogen so how do we control this we don't want to just lower estrogen levels but as you reduce your fat mass your estrogen levels will decrease so you actually might have more positive impact with your weight loss as far as your thyroid is concerned as you start to lose a little bit more weight if you're already vastly overweight or even just you know just a little bit overweight another thing to touch on really quick that kind of falls in the same circle here is people that go on the ketogenic diet usually see a pretty significant decrease in their period pains now this has to do with the anti-inflammatory effects beta hydroxy butyrate the main ketone body so when you're in ketosis basically are having this fanta inflammatory effect that's blunting pain it's acting upon cox-1 and cox-2 enzymes very similar to how ibuprofen or aspirin would but of course without the stomach lining destruction right so we're getting a very powerful effect there so that's a big benefit this next piece that I want to touch on is all about knowing your timing for women it's much more important that you know your timing and I'll get to this in a second then it is for men you see your menstrual cycle dictates some hormonal changes the first two weeks the first half of your menstrual cycle you are much more estrogen dominant you have higher levels of estrogen this isn't always bad estrogen actually stimulates recovery estrogen has been linked to much more protein synthesis collagen protein synthesis myofibrillar protein synthesis so what that means is when you are in your first two weeks of your menstrual cycle you can actually get away with working out a little bit more intensely training a little bit harder less instances of being sore better recovery but also higher estrogen equals less cravings estrogen blunts cravings so this means that you can kind of orient your diet accordingly so that maybe you don't have to meal prep as much during the first two weeks of your cycle simply because you're already having the crating blocking effects of estrogen and a lot of people notice this I know my wife notices it she actually didn't even know this science she would always say after you know the second part of her cycle she would always just be ravenous well that's because the second half of your cycle you have an increase in progesterone and this progesterone does kind of the opposite of estrogen in a way it makes it so you feel more hungry and actually hurts your recovery so you want to have harder workouts in that first part and more easy workouts more recovery more yoga things like that during the second part okay pretty simple with that in the same vein of estrogen it's gonna be really important that we pay attention to estrogen disruptors so for women especially pay very close attention to BPA's on keto okay receipt paper Tupperware things like that just be extra careful because that can just demolish estrogen levels and throw everything out of whack but it can also cause a rise in different kinds of estrogen okay one seven hydroxy estradiol all these things that are not good that was very hard on the liver now additionally birth control affects these things too okay we need to make sure we're paying attention to that the European review of medicine and pharmaceutical science published study that showed that birth control does deplete the folic acid the selenium the zinc that has an effect on estrogen has an effect on your thyroid so you just have to be paying attention there so just be very very careful now this next thing I want to talk about has to do with your weight loss plateau and this is definitely somewhat of a hypothesis because we've had to look at different feedback loops that occur in the body but it makes a lot of sense now I've worked closely with a really cool researcher so his name's Nick Norwoods he's over at Oxford University so he's an Oxford University PhD researcher and Harvard med student the guy is awesome anyway so he came up with this hypothesis and we talked about and it makes a lot of sense okay so what we have to look at is fat increases estrogen right now knowing that let's talk about what happens when you first start keto when you first start keto it's stressful on your body okay what that means is your body's cells are getting adapted to utilizing ketones that is stressful it is hard on your body it is a period of stress and it's been shown that cortisol levels go up when you're first start key dough because you're not keto adapted yet that's one of the reasons you feel so lethargic now cortisol can trigger fat accumulation okay fat accumulation leads to more estrogen because fat leaks estrogen okay so keto stress equals cortisol equals fat equals estrogen but estrogen also releases cortisol so now we have a vicious circle where we have keto causing stress causing fat causing estrogen causing cortisol causing fat causing estrogen you see the cycle here now as you get keto adapted that cortisol will come down because you're not stressed from the ketosis anymore so in theory and this is a hypothesis women might have a tougher time kick-starting that keto adaptation cortisol process earlier on than men do okay it's just a little bit tougher for them so you might find that you hit that plateau like really early you lose some weight and then just like boom whereas your husband your boyfriend your friend is like just show them the scales just move it on down they're losing weight and you're stuck after losing weight for the first two weeks cuz you lost some inflammation and now you're like great I lost water weight but I didn't actually lose what I wanted to lose stick with it because keto adaptation takes anywhere from four to twelve weeks you have to deal with a little bit of a plateau and then your body will break through regardless of weight loss you are seeing benefits from reduced insulin all that effect on the ovaries all that effect on the menstrual cramping everything so at the end of the day even if you never lost a pound from the ketogenic diet you would probably lose weight indirectly from how much the quality of life improves based upon the other indirect effects of the ketogenic diet so women yes do keto enjoy it in fact your bodies are probably more adapted to utilize fats for fuel than men's are simply based on the fact that you utilize lipids better throughout exercise so as always make sure you're keeping it locked in here on my channel and if you want more female specific topics on this even though I'm not a female I'd love to talk about it because I feel like there's a lot of misinformation and it needs to be address so let me know in the comments section below see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckydez1 [489 likes]: I had PSOS and didn’t have a period at all for almost a year. I went on a keto diet and lost 30 lbs and got my period back within 4 months. I now have three children. I’m so grateful. I am still pre diabetic but am controlling my blood sugar with a keto diet. So far no meds needed.
  2. @charlize1478 [1 likes]: i'm literally only 17 but like i think i started my period when i was 14 and i was eating so unhealthy and i had like lots of blood and stuff but then i decided to eat healthy and lose weight and so i always focused on low fat, low calories. I lost my period and i didn't get it back (which at that time i was happy cuz i thought my period was just a burden and discomfort). i ended developing a binge eating disorder and i gained a lot of weight (like 20 pounds) over the next year and i thought i would get my period back since i was well over 100 pounds now but i still never did. just a few months ago, i started getting a teensy bit worried cuz ofc i wanna have kids and stuff. but i still wanted to lose the weight i gained and fix my food addiction. after finding Jesus, i have started fixing my mental health and He led me to try keto. Not even joking, I shed like 3 pounds (prob water weight) the first few days and a week later, I got my period. It's crazy how everyone tells us to eat low fat and high protein yet with that diet I didn't lose weight, I always craved more food and i only thought about food, i was puffy and held alotta water weight, and i never got my period. guys lets focus on nutrition over calories cuz when u eating the right nutrient-dense foods, you naturally eat less calories since you feel full and satisfied. i am still only like 1 week and 2 days into keto but I will keep pushing! HOWEVER, i do have to mention that i be having hard cravings now :(. i'm thankful to God that I recieved my period again but not gonna lie, keto and IF being really hard cuz i'm just thinking about cookies and margerita pizzas. DISCIPLINE THO!!! LETS KEEP GOING GUYS!
  3. @KetoCookbooksCorner [1 likes]: It's crucial to understand the impact of the keto diet on hormonal health, especially for women. Thank you for addressing this important topic and providing valuable information!
  4. @2r380 [1 likes]: Dr Berg says keto and fasting is very healthy for women and Thomas says the opposite lol idk who to listen to😞
  5. @christinawoodard3754 [1 likes]: Not me. I did not plateau at all. Lost 34 lbs and still going. Use intermittent fasting and 24 eating window twice a week. It’s worked on this 50 year young body
  6. @cornonthecob2158 [1 likes]: Please more keto info for women, I find this information so helpful! Thank you!
  7. @atroskie5101: This is awesome, thanks so much for the info. This makes sense and will definitely help me understand my body better.
  8. @quantumparadox3075: I can tell you i was on keto and diagnosed with graves disease and it completely messed with my thyroid, i almost died feom thyroid storm. Keti can be dangerous for women
  9. @andromedagenberg4207: Are there any studies on Keto diet and fibroids?
  10. @ShannonSonriseFamilyFarm: A few months after doing keto I had a cycle where literally the day after I ovulated my breast filled with lumps and bumps and were so painful.
DIM helped at the time
  11. @frankjgornickjr3676: Have you ever heard of the saying trying to put 10 lb of crap in a 5 lb bucket that's what you're doing. Say what you got to say and then sell product sell product😮
  12. @kendranicholson1473: it's been 3 months and the scale has not moved
  13. @keelijudge8267: What do you class as the start of a woman's cycle?
  14. @Deranged-Lemonade-Stand: Probably let you know.  Hormones is not a choice.
  15. @amberallen4181: So how are we supposed to eat? When do we refuel on carbs? TMI Warning:  I tried to low carb once and I think I did something wrong because I lost 10 lbs but my periods last 2 weeks and was bright red!!??
  16. @robinkat: Hey Thomas will you share more and more of what you learn about female nutrition and hormone health? I need all I can get. Thank you for all this.
  17. @AmyLance-ku1ey: No one say about this, all they say is fat is good for hormones. But I'm in the middle of eating fats a lot and I"m bleeding crazy, I almost gave up the keto good thing I across to your vids. Thanks Thomas.
  18. @mikkimik6681: What about older women?
  19. @MaryMichelleWorthy: Dude you are my new best friend
  20. @agar80: Keto + woman= too much testosterone, androgenic hair loss. I'm not sure that is good for every woman... I have had this problem since I'm  on ketogenic diet and don't know what is the answer... Medications has hard side effects in my case so I reject them. Keto treat RZS, Hashimoto etc. But price is a huge.

- Is KETO Safe in Menopause? (Your doctor might Disagree): Kind: captions Language: en hey this is dr. Barry in this quick video we're going to talk about menopause and can you do keto is it safe is it beneficial so menopause is all about changes as any woman who's in menopause knows or is just entering menopause it's all about changes in your body and your hormones in your life and we're gonna talk about can you do keto when you're in menopause today now if this sounds like something that your mom or your sister or your aunt would really need to hear about share this video with them on Facebook or send them a text message with a link help me get this message out about ketogenic diets and menopause now let's talk about this there are so many people in the world and so many doctors in the world who think that when you say a woman in menopause all you're talking about is estrogen and that could not be further from the truth women are much more complicated than just estrogen and whether that level is high or low and whether they're having hot flashes and night sweats or not that is one sign and symptom of menopause but that's that's the tip of the iceberg it is so much more complicated than that okay so a woman in order to have normal sexual function and normal other function has to have all three of her female hormones optimized not just estrogen but also progesterone and testosterone all three of those are made by a healthy younger woman when you start to dip your toe into the menopausal River as we say the usually the first hormone to leave you is testosterone but many doctors won't even talk about testosterone when it comes to a woman entering menopause and so often that's not checked or addressed or even on the radar at all the second hormone to leave women is usually progesterone each of these hormones has a specific set of symptoms that go with it and so there are so many women in their 30s and 40s and 50s who aren't having hot flashes and night sweats and so their doctor tells them you're not in menopause your estrogen level still find you're not at menopause and that's absolutely not the case at all because you can have the fatigue and the weight gain and the lack of desire to live your life and do the fun things in life for years before you start having hot flashes and night sweats and that's a symptom of menopause you can have weight gain trouble sleeping irritability during the day for years before you start to have hot flashes and night sweats and that's a symptom of menopause but for some reason many doctors don't recognize this or they just don't want to deal with it I'm not sure why so the ketogenic diet has been shown time and time again in my clinic and in other settings to optimize your hormones now after a certain span of time into menopause I don't think that the ketogenic diet can optimize your hormones back to their normal levels your normal youthful levels and so at some point you're gonna have to do something about your hormones but if you're just beginning the first stages of menopause I've seen women not need hormone replacement or optimization just because they tightened up their diet and we're doing a good straight ketogenic diet also the ketogenic diet you have to remember is very uninflated right it gets rid of inflammation all over your body inflammation can magnify the symptoms of menopause as a woman's testosterone level goes down her joints tend to get achy and stiff well if you're also eating an inflammatory diet that's going to magnify the joint pain of the joint stiffness right if a woman has trouble sleeping because her progesterone level is going down then if you're eating an inflammatory diet and you're having reflux and all these other symptoms of inflammation that's going to make it harder to get to sleep or stay asleep right so I've seen multiple women in my clinic personally on a one-to-one basis who made their hormones better who raised their hormone levels back closer to the youthful levels by eating a ketogenic diets and then I've seen many many women decrease their inflammation in their body and we can tell this with a Ches CRP with homocysteine with sed rate levels we can tell this with lab work that your inflammation levels are going and that tends to minimize the other symptoms of menopause I have never seen a research study that shows any convincing evidence that a menopausal woman should not do a high fat low carb or the ketogenic diet I've never seen that research so if you are about to enter menopause or if you are in menopause or even if you're postmenopausal I think it is perfectly safe to eat a ketogenic diet to eat a high fat low carb diet I think it's it's going to improve your hormone levels it may not improve them to the level where you don't need hormone optimization but it's definitely going to make them better than they were when you were eating this stupid American diet okay now if you're doing keto and you're in menopause and you start to stall out you're just not having the weight loss or the other benefits of a ketogenic diet then you may need to go ahead and have a good knowledgeable doctor check your hormone levels and if he just checks an estrogen level or an estradiol level and tells you oh everything's fine then you either need to try to educate that doctor or you need to find a new doctor because there's much more to a woman than just estrogen I don't know if you guys have seen my book or not lies my doctor told me but there's actually a chapter about this so many doctors kind of give women the short end of the stick because they ignore the fact that they need progesterone and they need testosterone to feel like a complete woman and so a lot of doctors will say well you don't need progesterone because you no longer have a uterus or you're no longer having periods but that's dumb because there are progesterone receptors in the brain why are they there if the only thing progesterone does for a woman is regulate her menstrual cycle and her uterus right there are doctors who'll tell women that a test testosterone is the hormone for men women don't need that at all if that's the case why are their testosterone receptors on the heart muscle of all women you say that doesn't make any sense at all so you need all three of those hormones balanced and optimized so that you can enjoy your menopausal years without the suffering that was commonplace so many years ago back before doctors knew about all three of these hormones now so the take-home message is is that yes the ketogenic diet is perfectly safe when you're in menopause and if you're not getting the benefits of the ketogenic diet while you're in menopause you need to go see a knowledgeable doctor and have all your hormone levels checked because once you get your hormone levels optimized then you can truly achieve your goals not just on the scale but your other goals as well but you can also feel like you want to feel okay now if you really enjoyed this video and you'd like to see more like it please consider subscribing to my channel please consider having your mom or your sister or your aunt subscribe to this channel so every time I have some information that'll improve your health you'll be one of the very first to know ok and if you really love my videos and maybe my videos have helped your life a little bit you can always click on the patreon link down below and throw a buck or two my way so that I have more time to make more videos just like this and I'll tell you our our patrons have made it possible for Nisha to go part-time as a labor and delivery nurse so she can spend more time helping me make more videos and spend more time doing live videos like we just did on the Facebook page the other day so thank you so much for all your support this is dr. Barry I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @KG-rn4hp [174 likes]: I’m a 57 year old post menopausal woman. I started doing Keto a year ago to lose weight. Low and behold, five months in I was able to wean myself off antidepressants which I had been on for 16 years. I am at my ideal weight and not taking any medications. The only thing I’m still struggling with is insomnia. This video was very interesting because even though I’ve been post menopausal for four years, I still get hot flashes. So I’m wondering if my hormones are off. I’m going to look into the testing you recommend.
  2. @MichelleBlackChannel [7 likes]: I’ve seen keto help some women in menopause — especially with insulin resistance — but I’ve also seen it make things worse when gut health and inflammation were ignored.
After working with women in perimenopause and menopause for years, I’ve found that unless the gut is calm, blood sugar is stable, and cortisol is supported — keto can backfire, even if you're eating "perfectly."
It’s not just about the food — it’s about how the body is able to use it. So glad this conversation is finally happening.
  3. @annmariefino1796 [1 likes]: Can you speak to the effects of the keto diet long term,  to cortisol, the thyroid conversion and also the high SHBG, please?
  4. @brendaschwieterman1350 [1 likes]: I’m 60 and started going through menopause at the age of 48. The keto diet has prevented me from having any symptoms. I have not experienced hot flashes, vaginal dryness or itchiness, brain fog, weight gain etc… No HRT for me! I literally feel like I’m 20.
  5. @user-bv1ss5nj9b: I was on keto for 4 years; felt like a  teenager again. But once I hit the year before my menopause day, keto is not working. Actually gained weight and have horrible fatigue, frozen shoulder, muscle pains in the arms, brain fog. So frustrating. But keto no longer works for me. 😭
  6. @ketovorecompass: I have been Carnivore since 2019. I lost a lot of weight then. 2 years ago i had a hysterectomy. I went into immedite menopause and was at home for 5 months. I gained a little weight back and cannot seem to lose it. I am Carnivore/ketovore and i do intermittent fasting but the weight will not leave. What can i do?
  7. @seagreentangerine2065: ❤Dr Berry can you do another video
❤I'd like to know what us women do who don't want to take HRT - I was doing well on carnivore and Menopause hit me in November...and omg I am a mess, putting on weight, looking 9 months pregnant and permanently tired.
❤I had my testosterone levels taken and that's actually okay
  8. @kaellelall2665: Une femme qui a ou a eu un méningiome ne peut pas prendre d hormones quand elle est ménopausée. C’est strictement interdit. 
Des médecins conseillent l’hystérectomie pour qu’elle puisse prendre des œstrogènes (gel) et surtout pas de progestérones. 
Que conseillez vous à cette femme ??
  9. @NYtoNC: Here in '25 - considering keto. Recently in menopause on HRT 👍🏼
  10. @jules_gardens: Can you get the recommended amount of daily fibre with this way of eating? Also can it be done as a vegetarian?
  11. @tanjapetersenrommel1775: Tak!
  12. @trumpetLady: 😂😂  The "Stupid" American Diet, LOL!!! 👍🏻👍🏻😊
  13. @hairbyjennifer2820: Why do I lose my period on keto
  14. @fgul9136: How Much Fat Should I Eat During Menopause?
  15. @engelibooysen6366: I truly wish there were more doctors like you. Thank you for the video
  16. @sanacosta1111: Yes, please we need more videos about menopause
  17. @gladynelalvarado6409: Thanks for the info
  18. @Missybluezz: My doctors help after bloods shown menopausal here’s a prescription for some antidepressants come back in 3 months and see how you are 😂😂
  19. @NavaBromberger: I’ve been in menopause for years and on a BHRT program for almost as long as long. I’ve been in ketosis for a couple of weeks I think but got really dehydrated so added fruit and coconut water back in  and it helped with the dehydration. Today for the first time in more than 10 years I started bleeding. It won’t surprise me if it ms the higher fat and lower carbs but kind of scary until I know for sure. My BHRT doctor office also has a keto weight loss program so she should be able to tell me if it’s anything to worry about.
  20. @cian4468: Doctor Barry. I have been on a healthy keto diet with 16-hour intermittent fasting daily for over 1 year. I have experienced recent spotting. I have been in menopause for 20 years. Triple negativebreat cancer in 2011. What might be causing spotting? Could it be from consuming too much fat?  I think I may have been eating too much fat for a while, but cut back a week ago but the light spotting continues. I am working with my doctor and just had an ultrasound done, and it didn't show any abnormalities. Thank you Dr. Berry.

- 3 Signs Keto is Ruining Your Hormones: Kind: captions Language: en my kids roll their eyes and say Mom keto can't be the answer for everything it often seems miraculous how many things keto can heal but if you don't do keto right you can be hurting yourself the first problem I see is when patients are fasting too often and too soon when their metabolism isn't primed my dad used to call this ass over apricot and these people jump all in but their bodies aren't ready for it the reason that fasting is so good for your metabolism is that it's a healthy stress to Kickstart your body's autophagy autophagy means to eat thyself where the body does a cleanup job when the environment is right to repair this is our goal but the danger is when you don't spark autophagy and you actually trigger a starvation mode many folks want that outcome but they jump In Too Soon without those hormones primed and then they are like a tumble weed down a hill and crash and burn so what's the harm well apart from the fact that this leads to burnout the goal is to stress the body but if you aren't fully fat adapted you will flood the system with cortisol this disrupts that HPA AIS or the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal access those adrenals are where the steroid hormones come from and are supposed to help encourage the sex drive and the thyroid to function correctly with this off in the stress mode you're not getting to autophagy so how do you know if you're pushing it too hard well first of all those patients are hungry in fact they're starving and the weight is not moving because they haven't activated these hormones they're actually targeting their muscles as the energy source for weight loss so it's the wrong kind of weight loss the next big sign is they have hair loss now don't get me wrong anybody starting the ketogenic diet can have a time of hair loss this is a result of the stress of that change in diet but this hair loss is more persistent their hair gets thinner and it never grows back because yeah you need these hormones in order to do that when you disrupt that hair follicle you get the loss of hair that persists as well as dry skin and brittle nails all from the same cause this leads to not eating enough fat fat first is critical especially if you're early in the ketogenic diet the root cause of these problems was the excessive insulin by eating enough fat you are lowering the insulin in your body at least better than it was in the last chapter inadequate fat intake with a low carb diet will mess up your hormones keto is high fat for a reason it is fat first and you need to eat that high fat in order to supply the fuel for making these fat-based hormones training your C to burn fat and make ketones is part of this equation as you train your body to burn fat and make ketones B you also improve several other things this sends out a signal for your body to not use Muscle as the source of fuel those circulating ketones also promote the anti-inflammatory effect as well as continue the circulation and supply of those fat-based hormones all of this is the trifecta for how the ketogenic diet is able to reverse these medical problems if you skip this step about the high fat there are much more more serious consequences than losing your hair or having Chi Nails these problems of missing fat-based hormones lead to a brain that doesn't work these are symptoms like the patient's mood is very irritable the depression is severe and just doesn't seem to come out of the ditch no matter what we do the high cortisol and low serotonin from extended fasting and the lack of fat-based hormones is the root cause but the patient cannot exit these symptoms until we fix that another major sign is there low libbido remember sex drive is not in your sex organs it's in your brain and when your brain is healthy only then does your sex drive return to normal but the most crippling symptom of doing keto wrong is chronic fatigue that exhausted patient has excessive cortisol and a dysfunctional thyroid that no medication is going to fix we must fix how they eat in order to repair that and boy it can take a long time which leads me to the final final problem I see overreliance on processed food just because it says the word keto does not mean it's good for you so what makes a food processed well technically cutting a food makes it processed but I like patients to look at what is the particle size of the food you're eating most keto snacks and shakes are filled with these fine powders filled with fiber and they teach you to play this net fiber game do not do that you are only sabotaging the product ress of reversing the insulin resistance the first sign that you know this is happening to you is you are not making ketones anymore you are not on the ketogenic diet if you are not making ketones but the second sign is that your gut is not acting right poor gut health affects that gut brain AIS and that alone will disrupt the hormones but then you add those artificial sweeteners and we have a soupy mess for your endocrine system to not work right so what do patients look like when they struggle with this well yeah they have gut problems they have constipation or diarrhea and the hormones that are supposed to be regulating the movement of your food through your gut are linked to which kind of bacteria are living in your gut that keto processed food sprinkled all over the gut bacteria and disrupted things now the endocrine system doesn't work and hormones like the serotonin found in your gut are now at a loss and your brain will feel it and when your brain is foggy or the memory just doesn't seem to be sharp I'm going to first start by blaming your gut you see the hormones that signal your brain are built from fat and they depend on the right bacteria inside your gut to be activated and to circulate in their proper form one of the best signals that their gut biome is messed up is actually what happens at night their sleep is very disturbed and it leaves no time for their brain to repair during the deepest hours of sleep all of this leads to dysfunction if you're like many of the people that write in saying doc I just can't seem to make ketones I've got the experiment for you check out the time where I ate butter it's fantastic I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @codinginflow [9 likes]: I eat a stick of butter while watching this video
  2. @polyannamoonbeam [4 likes]: Ah excessive cortisol + low fat dependent serotonin hormone , adrenal fatigue and muscle burn, endocrine system dysregulation ... gut biome disrepair... fix with fats?
  3. @Mac-u2n [3 likes]: Any advice on HASHIMOTOS diet, fasting and thyroid antibodies, nodules, please
  4. @christinajarriel3423 [3 likes]: Im reading the comments ..seems like people arent doing real keto at all. If you research Dr. Berg most of the food you should be eating is veggies, medium amount protien ..your fats should only be healthy clean fats. Yet people are commenting saying they are eating sticks of butter, and heavy cream...your not keto then ..your not nourishing yourself. You can do anything eating plan improperly thats not the diet fault .. that's yours.
  5. @gnanavadivel2298 [2 likes]: Can someone please tell me , if i lose hair by wrong keto or low carb diet, will my hair back ?
  6. @Riko-q1p [1 likes]: I just stopped bread rice pasta and sugar 
I eat two to three times a day
Eggs veggies meat chicken few nuts I don’t really feel hungry but my stomach feels hollow 
I’m not tired or bloated anymore 
How do you rank me 
Not really sure if I’m doing the right thing for my body 
I did this because I’ve been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes
  7. @eh7141 [1 likes]: doesnt autophagy happen automatically during ketosis anyway, making fasting obsolete?
  8. @untio [1 likes]: So to sum up, keto step by step?
  9. @MEMahon: What about when you first start and are making ketones? I am a week in to this new program after starting with the 3 day sardine fast and my whole body aches and my muscles are weak. I went into ketosis before the end of the 3 days, so no issue there.  But I assume we have to go thru this withdrawal process and feel not so great for at least few weeks?  Anybody know how long it usually takes for someone in 60s with big past of carbs and sugar to start to feel better?  Also, I can’t eat dairy /milk/cream butter due to allergy. What other things to do…eating a stick of butter would flood my body and sinuses with mucus. Even tiny amounts cause that to happen.
  10. @IreneLevi-Minzi: Please post the literature
  11. @jdssurf: IF YOU WOULD ALL JUST EXERCISE AND EAT A NORMAL HEALTHY DIET YOU WOULD BE FIT AND THRIVING LIKE THE MILLIONS OF PPL BEFORE KETO, BUT YOURE ALL  OBSESSED WITH A DIET THAT DOESNT ALLOW YOU TO CHEAT AND ENJOY LIFE, NO LIFE BALLANCE. THE CRINGE PRIDE AND THE REFUSAL TO LISTEN TO CHALLENGES IN LONG TERM STUDIES IS BAD TOO.
  12. @jdssurf: This shouldn't all be so complicated, the diet is ridiculous,  a diet shouldn't be so picky and when ppl feel like hell if the decide to haste a couple glasses of wine or something for three days it's bs. Also guys like me with thicker blood already have reasons to avoid this stuff, why in the hell is it so hard for everyone to just eat healthy snd exercise.

You guys see the studies and research of fears on  long term keto with cells yet you insist it's just doctors wanting us to be tied to meds, God forbid they may be right.

I did keto for months, testosterone lowered and ldl went too high and ppl with gene mutations can't all just let that happen, also my hdl plummeted. 

In the end, it's all too much for ppl to do anyways, and your paleo ancestors lived hardly to 40 years, then my grandpa who ate like crap was about 100.  same with my Armenian elders that died in the 90s at almost 100

You guys are too much, the worst part is the pride.
  13. @EscapadesofaLittleLady: How do you to balance what Dr. Boswell says and what Dr. Mindy Pelz says? It's all confusing!
  14. @identityrefused486: What is the ideal fat to protein ratio in grams to grams?
  15. @LadyFishsHorizon: That's exactly what happened to me, I have sibo for years and I didn't know until recently. I can't absorb fat properly still nine months into carnivore, I lost my sex drive and feel muscle weakness since last year. But I can't eat anything else because all other foods will feed the bacteria in my SI, I just have to hang in there until my gut motility can get ride of sibo
  16. @TrishL333: What is the email that I can ask a question specifically
  17. @12dd4ds9: Low calorie balanced diet is the only way I feel good while losing weight.
  18. @georgegeorge-so9hz: Shes so beautiful
  19. @Rose-wx2ct: I dont know why but I am womiting from fat...
  20. @SophiaK-c2b: Eating high fat carnivore didn't prevent my already low metabolism/hormones from dropping further. Fasting and fast-mimicking carnivore eating is a sure way to spike cortisol. Mine was already high from chronic stress.

- KETO and Hormones: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is dr. Annette Bosworth and I'm back again talking about ketones and the benefits today we're gonna tackle PCOS and libido PCOS stands for polycystic ovarian disease and if you have it you probably know what those letters mean I warn patients going on a ketogenic diet that this diet boosts hormones one telltale sign of a hormone surge in a woman is menstruation if you're a woman of childbearing age and you're headed on to a ketogenic diet be prepared for a change in how you men straight when women switched to a ketogenic diet this new diet high in fat is high in nutrients as well and you can be warned that this surge in hormones changes how they feel how their sex drive works and how their body loses weight estrogen rains as the greatest female sex hormone it's the most abundant and is usually found from a source of ovaries the adrenal glands and fat yep that's right you get estrogen from extra fat if you have a lean body you'll have most of the estrogen coming from your ovaries and a little bit from your adrenal glands and hardly any from fat you add 20 to 30 pounds of fat cells and now your most abundant estrogen comes from your fat what's the difference between fat produced estrogen and ovary produced estrogen chemically they're identical the problem comes with how they listen to feedback if your estrogen comes mostly from your ovaries your body listens it will change the amount of estrogen that you produce when you're having a period when you're pregnant when your mind is working well when you're well nourished or poorly nourished the body responds if most of your estrogen comes from fat cells they don't listen to anybody they just produce fat the more cells you have the more estrogen you produce and that becomes this steady stable delivery of estrogen fat cells leading the production of estrogen that's PCOS one of the blood tests that we can use to check for PCOS is we find an abundance in male hormones this excess male hormone coursing through the veins of a woman causes irregular periods really bad acne and some moodiness that is also accompanied with hair growth that looks like a boy you'll find it on their chin and even around their nipples this is because of that extra boy hormone floating in their blood and there's nothing that ruins libido for a woman more than boy hormones floating around their system ketosis boosts estrogen whether you're overweight or not overweight it's a complicated to explain what it does in a patient with PCOS so let's start with somebody who's not got PCOS and they go on a ketogenic diet that woman notices about ten days after going keto that she might have a period the hormones inside her body surge and her body responds with menstruation after three to four weeks of eating keto you'll find these women sleeping better a more stable mood and an increased libido patient after patient brings this up it's usually behind the closed doors of a doctor-patient relationship but it's something that is so common that I feel the need to educate about it you see when you add fat to your diet you increase a bunch of hormones called steroid type hormones these include estrogen testosterone cortisol and aldosterone all of them are based out of a chemical that is a cholesterol again a fact the process of increasing your fat increases all of these hormones which in turn improve your libido if you suffer from lower hormones and you go on a ketogenic diet you will indeed increase those hormones but I contend that that sex drive is improved for a different reason as well ketosis improves the overall brain function orgasms happen in your brain and when your brain is not getting proper nourishment and rest it doesn't work right it goes slightly swollen when you go without sleep and without proper nourishment if this happens for a day or two you don't really notice but years of poor sleep and poor nourishment often found in a low-fat diet and you find women depressed with a low libido return this nourishment to their diet and see what happens so for this PCOS patient this normal lean woman going on ketosis you'll often find her feeling dramatically better with better rest better mood in a week or two now let's go to the PCOS patient and this is more complicated I contend though that the best treatment for PCOS is a ketogenic diet long-standing elevated insulin is the core problem for PCOS it's the same chemistry that's happening in a type-2 diabetic they are very similar pushing the insulin down to a normal level is the only way to make PCOS go away we use medications to try and help with this but nothing works as well as lowering the carbohydrates and shifting the chemistry from the inside out unfortunately if you have PCOS and you go on a ketogenic diet and you read on the internet that if you do this you're gonna have great sex drive and a couple of weeks that's not you you're gonna take a lot longer to heal some of the problems I will contend that you will feel better in 10 days but you're not gonna have the improve brain function just yet let's walk through this a PCOS patient goes on a ketogenic diet and they do lose weight they'll drop 2030 pounds over the course of those first six weeks and then they usually plateau after a few weeks of that scale not moving they're back in my office saying hey Doc what's the matter why won't I lose weight I teach them the answer by having them check their finger stick blood Sugar's first thing in the morning one prick of their finger for five days in a row and they often can tell me the truth about what's going on inside their body frequently I find their sugars are between the 95 and 110 range this is not bad compared to where they were six weeks ago and indeed because they've lowered their blood Sugar's to that level their body lost weight but now they've reset at a new normal those blood sugars between 95 and 110 still stimulate the production of insulin and where there's insulin especially in a PCOS patient you have locked down fat cells locked fat cells mean no weight loss for years these PCOS patients have had an abundant response of insulin every time there system sees sugar in fact it's in that mismatch of too much insulin produced for the sugar that makes their sugars go low they'll often come in early in their disease saying doc I get hypo and what they mean is hypoglycemic they get low blood sugars this is because their body accidentally makes a whole bunch of insulin for them to reverse the chemistry they have to keep the carbs low so they come in six weeks into a ketogenic diet and they are following the rules they don't eat more than 20 carbs a day their body has made some significant improvements but they're stalled and the reason usually is they continue to eat in a pattern that is what they've always done meaning they usually are eating three and sometimes five times a day now don't get me wrong they're high fat foods they aren't adding more than 20 carbs a day but that high-fat food multiple times a day in a PCOS patient still stimulates the production of insulin enough to lock down their fat cells these people get been treated with fasting no that's not a cuss word I did say they were fasting we start out by saying you get to eat one hour of every day 23 hours you spend drinking calorie free drinks and one hour of the day is all you get to eat this is the key to getting to the next level for my PCOS patients especially because of excessive insulin production every time they eat sure enough one meal a day usually results in those sugars sinking down into the adsr hopefully even into the 70s if they've had PCOS for several decades I have had to push them into even a longer fast which is closer to 36 hours maybe even 48 I do recommend that if you're doing that you should you should be followed by a physician not everybody needs to be followed by a physician when they fast but if you have PCOS I highly recommend it your success will depend on it so here we are fasting patients PCOS those sugars sink into the 70s and 80s BAM the fat cells open up again and they go back to losing weight they'll monitor those morning fasting blood sugars because it's how they can predict if they're losing weight they keep their Sugar's low and they are able to lose weight PCOS effects many of my patients we don't even get to talk about libido problems when they come in because there are so many other more important things that need to be taken care of in their situation they aren't the lucky ones who go on to a ketogenic diet and have an improved sex drive 10 to 14 days into this but once they start following their blood sugars and they keep them in the 70s and 80s before long they enjoy better energy a more stable mood continued weight loss and eventually the best orgasm in years I hope you've enjoyed this if you want to know more about this ketogenic diet take a look at the book I wrote anyway you can you can find it on Amazon or unaudible until next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dawnbartle123 [5 likes]: Bang on !! .... I’m 10 days into keto diet and my period arrived today!..,, First time in 3 months. I’m age 46 so will see what happens. Thanks for the information x
  2. @sachah.1526 [1 likes]: My whole life I've have maybe 1-2 periods a year. I started keto and about 20 days later, bam period. So its definitely doing something.
  3. @nunyabiz334: LEAN PCOS. I DON'T have insulin resistance and I'm not fat. I'm underweight.  31 years and its still the same. No one ever has a solution. All they discuss is large people with insulin problems. I CAN'T go on a diet to lose weight!
  4. @qaisermajid: Doctor, let me introduce myself, I am Master degree holder at Engineering and I am 55 years old, 6 years ago I faced  diabetes which I reversed in 2021 with Ketogenic diet after that I volunteer myself to reverse this disease & started studying buying books from Amazon about Insulin resistance, as I study so do I Learn that there are so many other problems which are associated with Insulin resistance, regarding females issue can you help me correlating these problems (any link & how to cure) 
Ovarian Problems
1. Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) – A hormonal disorder causing irregular periods, ovarian cysts, and infertility.
2. Ovarian Cysts – Fluid-filled sacs in the ovaries that may cause pain or go unnoticed.
3. Ovarian Cancer – A serious condition that can develop in the ovaries, often with vague symptoms.
4. Ovarian Torsion – A twisting of the ovary, cutting off blood supply and causing severe pain.
5. Premature Ovarian Insufficiency (POI) – When ovaries stop functioning normally before the age of 40, leading to early menopause.
Uterine Problems
1. Fibroids – Noncancerous growths in the uterus that may cause heavy periods and pain.
2. Endometriosis – A condition where tissue similar to the uterine lining grows outside the uterus, leading to pain and fertility issues.
3. Adenomyosis – The uterine lining grows into the muscle wall, causing heavy, painful periods.
4. Uterine Prolapse – Weak pelvic muscles lead to the uterus slipping down into the vaginal canal.
5. Uterine Cancer – Includes endometrial cancer, which affects the lining of the uterus.

I will love to hear from you.
Recently I got Certification of Nutritionist (just completed the course)
  5. @BeckyJB888: I can’t believe how much of this applies to my journey. I’m so happy that this video was created!! It was encouraging that I am doing the right thing. ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  6. @emeraldlucero5068: Hi Dr. Boz, will keto bring my cycle back? I have PCOS and havent had a period in 10 months 😢 im only 34. I need help.
  7. @goldielara-Umust-b-BORNAGAIN: Thankyou ❤
  8. @Hands2HealNow: This seems to relate to why male super bloating.
  9. @doolittlefirstking6388: This was just I have been looking for. Very detailed!! Now it s all makes sense.. thanks a mill
  10. @SopheaOrganicBeauty: one of my friends said she missed her period after doing keto. Could you help explain that? Thank You
  11. @fredrikandrianpiters9774: 👍
  12. @iqrashawn7159: Having PCOS and after doing one month of keto I got my periods.
  13. @alexlonnquist: Thank you Doctor Boz!!
  14. @hanaxslee: I lost period on keto and omad. I was slightly underweight before starting keto
 and then more underweight afterwards. I eat a lot fat. Before keto, I didn't have PCOS. But now I have...Why is it happening to me? My other blood measurements are ok, although always low blood pressure and sugar.
  15. @reganelizabethjepson3228: Love having this info, 2 weeks into keto and my period came early, I have lean PCOS, but my acne is clear. I’m on spironolactone and birth control- my main concerns are how will I know if my birth control is preventing pregnancy, and if keto is addressing testosterone levels (since spiro regulates testosterone)? Do ppl go off birth control with Keto?
  16. @kevywilliams3304: Eating another creatures hormones ... how is that good advice . This woman is a horrible doctor !
  17. @kevywilliams3304: EAT DEAD ANIMALS . Have more SEX! Worst ADVICE ON THE PLANET!
  18. @skyl616: Hi I got a question. I suffer from pcos and having trouble conceiving. I’ve been on OMAD(one meal a day) the whole keto Journey and do strict keto for a little over 2 months now. I lost 20lbs in that time and finally got my period on my own after years of not being able to, but I am now stuck at the same weight for about 3 weeks. Since I am already doing OMAD what else can I do?
  19. @V14K: Do most patients have to stay on keto and one hour a day after symptoms decrease?
  20. @KangooDancewithBrandy: Not sure if this diet is good for me since I had estrogen dominant breast cancer.

- How does the keto diet affect your menstrual cycle: Kind: captions Language: en If you've started a keto diet or are thinking about it, you might be wondering, how will this affect your menstrual cycle? Will your period get heavier, lighter, more painful, or disappear altogether? Well, in this video, I'll walk you through what changes you might notice in your cycle when following a keto diet and what you need to look out for. Stay tuned. [Music] Hi, I'm Melanie McGry, a dietitian who specializes in reproductive conditions and fertility. I work with women all over the world to help them understand the connection between food and hormones so they can feel confident and in control of their health. So, let's start with the most common question that I get asked about keto and periods. Can keto make your period disappear? Well, yes, it can. Especially if your overall energy intake drops too low. When you don't eat enough calories to support your basic metabolic needs, plus exercise and normal hormone function, your brain can reduce the signals that trigger ovulation. This is known as hypothalamic amenorhea and it can cause your period to become irregular or stop altogether. It's a red flag that your body isn't feeling safe enough to prioritize reproduction. Now, that said, not everyone on keto loses their period. It really comes down to how restrictive your diet becomes and whether you're meeting your individual nutritional needs. Now, you might also notice changes in flow. Some women report lighter periods after switching to keto, likely because of the reduced estrogen levels that can come with lower body fat or calorie restriction. Others might see heavier or more painful periods, particularly if the keto diet is causing inflammation, stress, or affecting thyroid function. And if you've come off the pill and started keto at the same time, it can be hard to know what's causing what. Cycle length can also change. Some women find their cycles get longer or more irregular, especially if you're not ovulating consistently. Others notice that their premenstrual symptoms, such as bloating or mood swings, improve when they remove high GI carbohydrates and reduce sugar intake. So, how do you know if keto is helping or harming your cycle? Well, I encourage you to track your cycle. Note the length, flow, symptoms, and any changes in how you're feeling emotionally and physically. This can help you to identify trends and have more meaningful conversations with your healthare team. Now, I'm not here to say whether keto is good or bad. In fact, some women, especially those with insulin resistance or peacos, it can help them to regulate cycles in the short term. But if your calorie intake becomes so low that you're not ovulating, it can impact your fertility and health in the long term. The right diet is different for everybody. So, it's definitely not a one-sizefits-all approach. So, what would I recommend if you do see significant changes to your menstrual cycle whilst on keto? Well, firstly, make sure that you work with a dietitian to ensure that you're still meeting your nutritional needs, including adequate calories, fiber, and essential micronutrients. You can book a nutrition assessment with our team using the link in the description box. Then, secondly, check in with your GP or fertility specialist, especially if your period has stopped or become very irregular. And remember that just because a diet is popular doesn't mean that it's the right one for your body or your hormones. So, how does the keto diet affect your menstrual cycle? Well, it can lead to mis periods, changes in flow, or altered cycle length, especially if it causes energy restriction or weight loss. But it all comes down to how you implement it and how your body responds. I definitely wouldn't recommend using it as a contraceptive. If you've noticed any changes to your period after starting keto, I'd love to hear about your experience in the comments. And if this video has helped clarify things, please give it a like and subscribe to the channel and share it with a friend. Thanks for watching and I look forward to seeing you in my next video. So, um, and I might just you guys bit fast here. Thank you. I need Yep.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DjastinFaiht [2 likes]: I found this video while searching for ways to keep on track during the week before my period, because that’s when I usually drop off hard. During my period and the two weeks after seem simple and easy. But then, boom, I get all the cravings, all the binge eating and my weight jumps up and up and up, so far that even the three weeks until the next pre-mens week can’t balance those kilos out 😓 I have no idea what to do
  2. @maryamriaz6583: I am using keto diet water. It's an product I bought online which states drinking mixed with water will help reduce weight
The only thing it managed is causing periods. I have now for the third time in one month gotten my menses. I am pissed, scared and stressed out. While I look more bloated than I was before. I don't have any cravings but I am so low on energy. I am losing my mind. Can you please help me.

- Is It Safe For Menopausal Women With Adrenal Fatigue To Do Keto & Intermittent Fasting? – Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys in this video we're gonna talk about if it's safe for a menopausal woman with adrenal fatigue to do keto and in a minute fasting okay because there's some confusion about this I don't know there's things floating out there that say that oh it's dangerous don't don't do keto or in a fasting if your adrenals are stressed especially if you're going through menopause but it's the exact thing you need to do but you need to do it correctly but I think the problem is that when you get into your 40s and 50s or even 60s the adrenal gland takes over and backs up the ovaries so you actually put more stress on the adrenal gland okay so what happens it has a harder time countering this drop in blood sugar as you go longer between meals and you do in a minute fasting so the blood sugars end up not being able to rebound like you should so you feel dizzy and weak and then all of a sudden you eat and you feel better and you're like wow oh I need to be eating more frequently no it just means that we need to strengthen the adrenals and tweak some things because here's the main issue with adrenal fatigue you're gonna have higher levels of cortisol okay cortisol another name for cortisol is called a glucocorticoid that's a glucose releasing hormone so when cortisol is high you're going to be released more glucose which is sugar and increase more insulin so adrenal problems in general have higher levels of insulin okay well we're trying to fix that because the insulin that's going to create the insulin resistance and keep people from losing weight so if you're trying to lose weight and you're menopausal and you're stuck you need to do keto in a minute fasting but you want to do it more gradually okay very gradually three meals for a period of time so you can avoid snacking and then once you can avoid snacking start to push that breakfast further and further forward so eventually we had two meals a day and it might take months before you get to that point but just do it gradually here's a couple things to remember you want to make sure you have enough potassium electrolytes b1 nutritional yeast I would even recommend maybe taking four tablespoons of nutritional yeast in a tablet form take more so you can really get your B vitamins because that will help you add more fat and more sea salt because the adrenals need those minerals I would also add some trace minerals because trace minerals plant means trace minerals contained zinc and chromium two minerals that are really important to help you transition faster because the goal is to get you to fully adapt to ketosis where you're burning fat and everything is going fine your fuels fine and now you're out of this whole blood sugar thing you're not going to experience a little blood sugar anymore you're gonna feel a lot better and it's going to be the thing that finally helps you bust through that Plateau that happens when you're menopausal and another common thing that I'm just gonna tell you right now you may find that you're gonna lose weight and then Plateau you're not gonna lose weight but that's probably because you're gaining more muscle and that muscle weighs heavier so you're gonna be shrinking but not necessarily losing weight at certain points don't worry about that just go by your size how your clothes fit you may need to also consume more protein okay so instead of six ounces do seven or even eight ounces of protein you may need that maybe not but the protein is necessary as you're building the muscle as well omega-3 fats are going to be really important especially if you're exercising or you have inflammation in your body and I would get that from krill krill is a really good source of omega-3 a lot of the fish oils go rancid unless you get a version cod liver oil which is hard to find it's expensive but krill I think might be an easier option for you going the long walks as instead of high intensity exercise and just go at this very slowly and realize it's going to take time but it is the thing you need to do to ultimately correct things and you'll thank me down the road in this book I have a whole chapter on stress so this is kind of a new thing with weight loss you know people don't look at stress or adrenals as a factor but that's one of the big barriers to losing weight is if the cortisol is too high so I hope I have a whole chapter chapter 16 and how to help your adrenals and I'll help how to do actually acupressure to pull stress out to really get into the delta-wave sleep and enhance your ability to get to your goal alright thanks for watching hey before you go definitely sign up for my free keto course I put a link down below it's on messenger in facebook but it will give you all the basics it's very quick it's like three or four videos and it's free check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @petinathomas6096 [12 likes]: Why is it that women seem to suffer more with health due to hormones. All our lives. Puberty,  pregnancy  and menopause.  We never get rest. Yet we're expected to be no drama and just get on with it. It goes on for years. Even menopause can take 10 years. What do men have... flecking breakdowns over football. . Im single for 7years single snd happy without that hassle of a man.
  2. @27051978J [4 likes]: Ur so 100% right Doc❤.... Slow long walks.... instead of stressful workout.
  3. @batgirlp5561 [3 likes]: So ovaries don't work and the adrenals are constantly excreting cortisol which constantly signals the production of insulin? So how can we ever stop the insulin production so we can initiate fat burning? Can you explain please?
  4. @6hypnone [2 likes]: Unfortunately with lyme and several co infections, my cortisol is already fucked, even putting sea salt in ALL the water I drink, taking extra potassium, my sodium and electrolytes are still low. My gut is a mess as well bc of all these infections. And I'm in peri. Estrogen dom as well. So it's pretty much never an option for me unless the infections are in remission. So I'm screwed.
And also, lyme is more common than a cold, just ppl don't know they even have it.
  5. @jennybadl7840 [2 likes]: Actually, I think a lot of people, menopausal women specially, have low level of cortisol, and not high level. Many are burned out.
  6. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  7. @donatelladepatre5695 [1 likes]: Can I use hymalaian salt instead of sea salt?.What s the difference ? ❤😊
  8. @MonicaRoca-sc5nv: Does that also go for low cortisol. Peoeple with crashed adrenals usually have low cortisol levels…
  9. @HealingInsights-m5q: What if your adrenals have flat lined?
  10. @debiwillis9045: But i thought high protein wasnt keto and it would turn into sugar
  11. @estiebryers7777: I’m 49, stopped bleeding 3 years ago. I’ve been doing IF for 2 years (fat adapted most of my life), no snacking, 1-2 meals per day. My weight is very stable (until depression hits and I’ll stop eating sometimes for days- then I can lose up to 5kg). My biggest concern is that I have the WORST emotional outbursts and anything can trigger it in a split second. My husband thinks I have a mental disorder 😩 I don’t like drugs so HRT or antidepressants is not a route I want to take. I could really do with one kind of supplement to help my anxiety and outbursts. Help🙏🏼
  12. @jam1369: Just what I needed thank you!
  13. @1800primitives: Thank you 😊
  14. @silviageorge7600: I lost weight , unwillingly.
With all that , I m pretty sure I suffer from adrenal fatigue.
This issue is complex ,tricky , delicate., especially when you deal with other issues at the same time.
Chronic stress is another one 
Thank you very much ,Dr Berg !❤
  15. @Lucida1818: Yeah Dr Mindy has complicated it 🤨🤣
  16. @HeyLadyBarb: OK so I'm 47 and now considered medically menapausal. Mesothelioma tumors made my oncologist decide to remove it all and much more. I have never been this heavy in my life. I've had 2 children and I weigh more now than I did with either one of them. I'm not a foodie. I eat because I have to. Occasionally when I want to lol I know I can do keto and IF eating only 1 meal a day. I have the will power to do it but is it safe to do? Should I eat 2 meals? Will one meal, dinner, be sufficient? Thanks in advance for any help.
  17. @Vgallo: I tried intermittent fasting and it made me really sick
  18. @rebeccawood9643: Dr.Burg, i have had a partial hysterectomy about 2 yrs ago i have been having hot flashes so bad that im not resting at night and when i do any physical tasks they are so bad. Also i have fatigue that i cannot find the energy to even do daily tasks, i am 52 yrs old and i also have fibromyalgia and Hoshimotos. I feel useless and cant see living my life like this. I am a mother of a 11 yr old and i rob her of not being able to do alot with her. I live in pain and migrains. I am addicted to sugar and have tried many times to quit and i always fail. Please help!
  19. @williamhickman9107: What if you have no ovaries?
  20. @mattlacasse7870: Trust me Mr. Berg, if I could thank-U.... I would😉(a comment left on U-tube doesn't do justice)

- What Do Menopausal Women Need To Do Different With the Ketogenic Diet: Kind: captions Language: en hey dr. Mindy hair and I wanted to leave a video on my youtube channel about Kido and menopause because I'm getting a lot of you reaching out and asking me questions so if you saw my article on my webpage I did a whole article on how women that are in menopause need to be doing hito differently I know a lot of you guys are struggling with keto being and having sort of this mixed feeling like part of you loves it because your energy is so great and your brain clarity is so great and then a part of you is struggling because maybe your post menopause or you're in menopause your hormone symptoms are getting worse so what I'm hearing from a lot of you what I'm hearing from people in my practice are things like hot flashes you're hot flashes go up or you can't lose that belly weight or you're not getting the results in keto that a lot of people are and you're frustrated so the first thing I want to tell you is that if you're somewhere between 45 55 even beyond 55 you really need to approach keto differently because there are certain foods that will help to raise your estrogen and raise your progesterone levels so if you just to kind of back up and go through a little bit of what's happening to your hormones as we start to go into those later years and 40-hour moans start to plummet both estrogen and progesterone will get significantly lower once you get into your 50s and move beyond your progesterone and estrogen levels are pretty low so when you go into a ketogenic lifestyle a lot of times that lack of insulin and glucose will continue to make those hormones even lower so you need to be adding in more carb days now let me get really specific with this because this doesn't mean that you just start going back to your old lifestyle and you go back to eating burgers all the time on a bun and you go back to fries doesn't mean that it means that you can do Kido for like what I recommend women do is keto around five days a week and then for two days a week that you throw in some foods that will raise your estrogen and progesterone levels now what are those foods so foods that I like to incorporate and I'm a 49 year old woman so I'm right in that mix with all of you foods that I like to incorporate are things like fruit in a keto typical keto diet most people are not doing print that's not you can't stay keto and do a lot of fruit well a couple days a week you need to increase fruit so things like apricots even dried fruit if you get some dried apricots that are unsold oranges strawberries mangoes papaya will start to raise progesterone so you want to add in some key fritzsche okay second thing really helpful for estrogen impress Trojan and progesterone are beans so black beans pinto beans kidney beans again you're not going to see those typically on a keto diet but for you if you're transitioning through those menopause years if you're Bob at on the other end and you're still getting hot flashes and you're not losing weight you're gonna have to add in some beans okay the other couple of interesting things are rights like adding in brown rice will raise progesterone quinoa will raise both progesterone and estrogen sweet potatoes which some people that are keto do rely on sweet potatoes but also russet potatoes adding in some of the higher glycemic potatoes will also help your body build these hormones your think of it I call it a hormone building day you need to actually make give your body the nutrients that it needs so that it can start to build these hormones yeah I saw an interesting study this morning that they did on postmenopausal women that if your estrogen extremely low you're three times more likely to have metabolic syndrome which is insulin resistance so if you're already got this really low estrogen and then you're not feeding it these foods you're making that estrogen go even lower and now you're making yourself more insulin resistant so I don't want you to give up on the key to life because there's so much good there for you but I also want you to realize that you've got to add some carbs in if you're postmenopausal a lot of my postmenopausal women will do one week Akito one week of hormone building one week Akito one week of the hormone building foods that I just talked about some of my perimenopausal women that still have a cycle what I recommend is that they about a week to a week and a half before they actually start to start their cycle before they actually bleed that that's when they add these foods in so I did I have a whole keto biotic reset on it you can go to my web page and request the guide and I'll show you how I map out keto for according to your cycle if you still have a cycle but understand it's different for women so if you're frustrated and you're not getting the results you want to get you're gonna have to start looking at your hormones now the other thing that I see a lot with people is that they actually get great results they lose weight they're feeling better but they're their hair is falling out or they see their cycle completely stops or their hot flashes get worse so in those cases again you're gonna have to start to lean on some of these foods that are going to increase estrogen and progesterone the other thing to really think about for these years of the peri menopause and post menopause is exercise so a lot of times when cortisol goes way up what ends up happening is that it makes progesterone drop and your progesterone is already dropping now progesterone is our anti-anxiety hormone so if you're a big exerciser in your late 40s in your 50s and you're getting a lot of hot flashes your hair's falling out you're not dropping weight the way that you used to you also need to look at how do you switch some of this really intense exercise you might be doing to things like yoga again I used to run marathons I'll tell you at 49 now I'm really focused on doing more yoga than long endurance and I find that that helps balance my hormones the other question I get is what about coffee bulletproof coffee so coffee will raise your hormones as well our wit rays correct cholesterol and any type of cholesterol goes up estrogen and progesterone tend to drop especially progesterone so limit your coffee look at at keeping your bulletproof to one a day so you're not getting that cortisol spike so that's how you do it different now of course within what I just told you you'll see that there's a little bit of a different path for the perimenopause the woman who's actually in menopause is kind of missing periods here and there and then the post menopause so I teach all of this in my resetar group on Facebook so if you just put reset errs in the comment section we talked a lot about this in that group and you can ask questions in there and I'm in there answering them so if you want to join my tribe just put reset errs and we'll make sure you're in there but don't give up on keto just please go look at how we can you can raise these foods up don't go crazy and go into massive carb blood like you used to do it be very smart and you'll see that your hormones will balance one last thought I put on if you follow me on Instagram I because I'm living this day-to-day I put pictures of my food all the time on dr. Mindy pills on Instagram and you can see the different types of foods that I'm currently eating if that's helpful for you as well so as always I hope that helps reach out if you have any questions

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeingMeRV [1 likes]: Can you make an updated video about this to update any knowledge you’ve gained since then😊
  2. @mf_berthelo: I eat strawberries with keto anyway. They don't kick me out.
  3. @CAMI_channel: Reseters ❤
  4. @sothern-x3b: I lose pounds in the 5 days of keto but gain it all back the 2 days I eat like peas or fruit just once a day especially brown rice
  5. @MsKittyKitty: I’m perimenopause, the problem is I never know when or if I’m going to have a period that month. Should I eat carbs just before my period is planned to start, even if it doesn’t? I just never know, my period also moves to different times of the month. 🤷🏽‍♀️
  6. @NYtoNC: Isn't menopause and postmenopause the same thing? How does this work with somebody on HRT (estradiol patch and oaoral progesterone)?
  7. @janetescarcega656: Resetter
  8. @emineaydin9744: Thank you ❤
  9. @LisaB_at_Pine_Ridge: Resetters
  10. @SherLynneBeach: Resetters
  11. @toothfairyc2663: Resetters group
  12. @la_privatechef4530: Great video I love keto
  13. @magdalena3328: Thank You so much
  14. @IsaBazan: Hadn't seen this. How many grams of carbs do you suggest for the hormone building days?
  15. @jenniferswanphd: Resetter - would love to join!
  16. @sisselotteplesnerhenriksen6302: Resetters 😊
  17. @livinorganically: Love Love Dr. Mindy!  @6:55 she said drinking coffee raising "cholesterol" she meant "cortisol".  Cortisol steals hormones, "Pregnenolone steal".  I didn't want others to be confused by that.  Love her! :)
  18. @italianamami777: Resetters
  19. @thechichichannel3225: Is this assuming you are not are HRT? What about if you have HRT do you have to support your hormones with those foods too?
  20. @AliciaAZornig: Resetters

- How does going low carb impact my hormones???: Kind: captions Language: en hey hey there everyone dr. Beth Westie here and today I'm gonna be talking about how going low-carb being low carb is actually impacting your hormones now this is not a very popular opinion I know every time I do one of these videos I get a ton of people commenting that this isn't accurate or that's not how it is there I had great results blah blah blah blah blah okay fine right there are very specific cases for women so I'm gonna say this right up front as a disclaimer if for some reason you pop in in the middle of this video and start commenting whatever go back and listen the beginning right this is for a very specific women there is a small percentage of the female population that it's more necessary for them to have a restrictive diet of some kind that is not the majority right that is not the majority the majority of women actually benefit from having a regular amount of carbohydrate in their diet and having an overall nutrition collective based you know protocol right with complete nutrients complete nutrients which is proteins fats and carbs proteins fats and carbs when you eat so the craze is is all this keto stuff and everything else that is not why the keto diet was designed this is a restrictive diet so I'm gonna speak to general female physiology I'm always even hesitant to even talk about this on social media because so many people who talk about it they don't know they don't have a degree they don't specialize in female hormones or how our women's bodies work so when people talk about doing fasted cardio oh this study came out fasted cardio Baba yeah that study was done on men read it look at it I do that's what I do with my day I think look at studies and other stuff and I'm like yo that was done on men so no not helpful for women to do fasted cardio please stop please stop telling him to do this or that's how they're gonna get results if you're doing something restrictive for a short of time as in preparation for a like a bikini show fine but long-term not the right solution for women and you're damaging your endocrine system you're you're causing more harm than good overall just because you're trying to get rid of five pounds right and for those women that really have a baseline of hormonal issues and they're trying to get rid of more than just five pounds it's gonna have a bigger negative impact on their system so realize when I talk about this this is a generalization and it really is for the majority of the female population okay let's let's do this let's dive in low carb and doing this why this happens for women first it's because our bodies are designed to store fat that's how it is I sometimes when I say this I get people messaging me and they're like how do you know that I'm like google it google it are like literally our physical frame is set up our connective tissue is set up to store more fat women have cellulite men don't our bodies store fat to create humans our body fat is generally supposed to be higher than the male frame then men's body fats right because that's what our body is healthy at if our body fat goes too low we lose our period that's an unhealthy thing for a female to have right so our bodies are designed to store fat that doesn't mean that it stores fat all the time it just means that if you're following something or really trying to improve your health that if you're following things that are restrictive or your body perceives as restrictive your system will go into a protective mode what that means is when you cut out carbs when you really limit yourself and this is true of low calorie too this isn't just for carbs alone I'm not just picking on carbs because I want to pick up car pick on carbs I'm picking on carbs because carbs are belong in the group of any restrictive diet this is restricting fats this is restricting calories this is restricting of any kind if you strict any main nutrient group or nutrients in general the female body will perceive that at a certain point in time will perceive that as I am in danger I am not getting the nutrients I need and it will kick into fat storage mode how does it do that it does that by increasing the cortisol you're an increased cortisol risk then it says this is female physiology this is how our systems work so most of the things that you're reading out there or saying things about keto or your body can be in keto all day or all these other things it's like actually the female body doesn't do that and it's not good for the female body do that and it's not good to try and force your system to do that again unless you're prepping for like a competition or something that's a short period of time you're doing that for two weeks or four weeks or something and then you get out of that phase that's a totally different thing people who try and think that I live in this keto phase all the time no no no no no not good for the female body at all that goes against how our systems function and when you try and fight how your normal physiology works it doesn't like it that that's where you're gonna get that increased cortisol that's why that happens so keep that in mind when you are really trying something right so if you're doing a keto your get your body into ketosis for a short period of time I teach women how to do intermittent fasting for the female body because it's different than for the male body but for the female body do intermittent fasting and that puts your body into a state of ketosis for a specific period of time but you come out of it you don't sit there all day you don't sit there day after day after day or all week or expect that that's a normal thing for your system so keep that in mind when you're looking at trying new things or adding things into your you know routine what are you doing for your system what are you doing for the female body is it helpful is it not that's really really really important to decipher because if it's not it's going to increase your cortisol it's just boilerplate physiology can't change it you know you can move to the beach and live on coconuts all day I don't care it's gonna cause an increase in cortisol the stress hormone which in the female body boom we get an increase in that cortisol holy cow our systems kick into fat storage okay other fun things that happen fun thing and this increases your estrogen too it's gonna increase your estrogen or estrogen is more likely to rise you've had gonna have this imbalance of estrogen progesterone all these things can lead to then thyroid dysfunction having a thyroid issue what's your what is in control of your metabolism most of the time by right so you're gonna have a down regulation of your metabolism right cortisol stores fat estrogen you know some people think oh well that that can be good right oh in an estrogen dominant Society already it's gonna mess up your cycle mess up your hormones you're gonna have worse PMS right I work with women all the time who've done something like keto and they feel like oh well for two weeks three weeks I felt like wow this is great okay here we go and I lost a bunch of weight really quickly that should be a warning sign first off if you're losing a ton of weight really really quickly the female body will see that as a danger weight loss for women must be slow and methodical it must be regulated if not again your system sees it as a danger kicks up cortisol and it protects by storing everything it can yay yeah that's where you get that up-and-down rebound weight all that stuff so women who start and do something with like really low or no carb do that two three weeks maybe oh this is great okay yeah and then all of a sudden you hit a wall you hit a point where you're like I can't I feel like garbage oh my oh I'm losing RJ huh I just don't feel good I feel like I'm going crazy what is it it's not you it's just that you've been doing something that's depleting your system and it's hard on your brain function your brain needs these carbs to function your brain is also in control and at the top of the system for a hormone regulation yeah really important the male body totally different male body it can be restricted in carb and boom boosts their metabolism they get super chiseled all that stuff the female body no nope it's gonna really like deplete your system suck the energy from you you get this brain fog you feel like someone Gail described I felt like a pile of hot garbage I was like I know I know yeah and then you have to restart your system after that it's a lot of work and it really sucks it really really sucks so essentially when you do something and you're following something for you know and it's a plan that works really well for men and you're trying to force the female body and the female physiology to go through the same thing and to get the same result is really unreasonable to expect out of yourself so if you're feeling like oh what's wrong with me why can't I X Y or Z get this result it's not you you're just following something that's meant for men not for women so keep that in mind in the 12 week challenge there are what I whenever I run my challenge so I'll put a comment in the wait in the I'll put a link in the comments below for the wait list and you guys can ask questions if you need help if you you know are struggling with something like this but there's always at least you know 25-30 percent of the women that do my challenge are they do it because they did a keto they did a low carb for too long and messed up their hormones and they're trying to get it back so it's a whole thing that we have to go through so I really tailor and tweak the program for them because we have to reintroduce carbs teach your system how to how to burn carbs again because your body enzymatically loses that ability when you take it out it means that if you take out carbs and then all of a sudden you add them back in have a cheat day I took out carbs for two months and well okay I felt like crap but I'm gonna just eat him again your body doesn't have the enzymes anymore to break it down those are important and if you don't have the enzymes it can cause a whole bunch of gut disruption and everything again leading into the problem even more and gut issues our whole other thing with women with hormone issues so I'll put a link in the comments below so you guys can get in the waitlist you know there's a lot more resources there I give you a really a big sneak peek behind what I do how I help women especially when they have been struggling with something like this I also have more info about eating for your hormones in your cycle how to do carb cycling and stuff that's all in my book the female fat solution this is on Amazon a lot of really hands-on tools in here that you can get started with if you are in menopause I have a book for you the female menopause solution also on Amazon also gives you you know key things that you can start right away to work with with your body I've talked about this in my podcast the female health solution so if you haven't listened to any of those episodes just subscribe so you get notified when I get I interview experts I've interview interview people that talk about stuff too and you'll be surprised once you start diving into this that how many other experts female hormone experts recommend the same thing for women meaning eat carbs they're good for you and then I have my youtube channel my youtube channel is just dr. Beth Westie if you subscribe to that you'll get notified whenever I do videos and and that's where I archive everything if you're looking for something if you're like hey you mentioned this this one time because I talk about a lot of things if you're like wait how do i how do I eat for estrogen how can I help if I did this and I know my estrogens messed up a guarantee I've done a video on it if I haven't messaged me I will but I have a ton of archived stuff there and I my mission here is to educate you so you can get the most information that's gonna be helpful for your body your system and go forward from there alright that's what I got for you guys today please let me know if you need anything else please send this video to somebody who is struggling because they did something like this and they're like I don't understand why didn't it work for me I don't understand I feel like garbage is it just me it's not just you I promise it's not just you this is really specific for women again it's not a hundred percent of women but it is the majority and it will cause more negative impact than positive in the long term so I hope you have a great rest of your day I will see you guys later all right bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @justyeeeeeetit [6 likes]: Thank you for this! I went low carb for 1yr & had no sex drive.. turns out I wasn't producing my T3 hormone! And recently I went back to low carb & I immediately felt low hungry & drained.. I wish there were mode diet plans for women that weren't low carb.
  2. @GOD-FearingAlpha [4 likes]: This goes for men too! Not the fat storage part but energy , testosterone, etc

Carbs are king 👑
  3. @cassiehooper8719 [4 likes]: This is exactly what my holistic doctor has been telling me. 🙌🏼
  4. @mlgtv. [4 likes]: Ive been doing mainly 50g carbs per day but during my time of the month i increase the carbs to 70 or 100g. Ive increased my healthy fats and plenty of vegetables. I noticed that i had far less PMS this time around. Im not strict on low carb. The cravings have disappeared especially this time before my period but i wanted a bit more carbs.
  5. @hindakkari5400 [3 likes]: Yes women needs carbs ❤ women are the yin of the yang, we are all about fluids ...we get pregnant ...we menstruate etc....men don't...
  6. @kolsen5420 [3 likes]: is there a certain time in our cycle that we can eat lower carb, and other times when we need more carbs? i always eat under 100grams of carbs daily, so certainly not keto but is that still too low? i've been gaining weight like crazy the past 6 months despite eating very clean and thinking maybe i'm stressing my body with lower carbs....
  7. @cynthiaarredondo1092 [2 likes]: 🙏🙏🙏🙏
  8. @kandidlykladija2854 [1 likes]: It’s me! Low carbs throw my hormones off!!!!!
  9. @kpontau [1 likes]: Thank you!
  10. @desmomotodesmomoto2033 [1 likes]: Bikini models have low carb, low animal diet, plus stress by exercising = hormonal imbalance, loss of periods......etc. 
It is not only low carb, low animal fat intake is the big factor.  body building and stress for women is the worst thing for women.
  11. @ernestjahn6676 [1 likes]: I have had diagnosed Hashimoto's for 20 years (since 2002). I am 72 years old and a man.  I have eaten basically low carb since about 1992. Even carnivore for almost 3 years. Many issues improved, like eczema, keratosis and others. But the thyroid symptoms came back, like cold at night, hair loss, weight gain, poor sleep and other things. Tried fasting and other things. Now, after cutting out dairy and gluten and going back to carbs, everything improved!  I was seeing high ketones AND high blood glucose at the same time, which shouldn't be. I am working on all cortisol reduction and sleeping much better. I will never go super low carb again. I eat potatoes, apples, avocado and such. No extreme spiking things like rice or sugar based stuff. Getting better in all areas, but will take a while for me to declare victory, but no more stressful diets.
  12. @judsjoglorycarrier6125 [1 likes]: Thanks for Posting because I was wondering why I felt like I was going crazy on Keto. Wish i had found you earlier it would have saved me a lot of visit to the Gynae Keto messed up my PH so bad i can't digest food properly and ended up drinking tons of soda just to aid digestion and yes all the weight came back. PMS and cramping was the worst ever in my life. Before Keto I could digest board if you gave me, now a banana or a random piece of chicken sends my stomach into a tail spin.
  13. @janetjohnson8232 [1 likes]: Love your info Dr. Beth.
  14. @PassTheFruit [1 likes]: Thank you for this! Completely lost my period on keto, lost weight, then couldn't stop gaining despite decreasing intake! Hellloooo cortisol.
  15. @kambrown285 [1 likes]: Story of my life. Point me in the direction of your book.
  16. @SamanthaH: I’m a carnivore - it went well for a while … but the past 2 cycles I’ve been getting multiple migraines around my period and ovulation 😭😭😭😭
  17. @vanubiarobinson680: How many grams of carbs should a teenager eat a day?
  18. @luxaeterna3246: The zero or low carb community has become a CHURCH.
Wow, that's  beyond stupid.
  19. @desmomotodesmomoto2033: So cave men had low T?
  20. @PaypalBank: Your hot

- How Low Carb Diets Affect Hormones: Kind: captions Language: en first question is from nittan mckinlay what are the effects of low-carb diets on hormones oh this is a good question um now if a low-carb diet improves your health oftentimes it'll balance out your hormones in in better ways right poor health leads to hormone imbalances and then the hormone imbalances also lead to worse health so it's kind of like it keeps getting worse good health typically leads to better more balanced hormones okay now that being said let's say the low carb diet has nothing to do with improving your health you're just doing it because you're trying to get leaner you think it might get you leaner faster or you want to try this new diet and you're just pushing it and you're ignoring your body's signals here's what it can actually do for you in men really low diets for long periods of time can cause lower levels of testosterone in women sometimes you see thyroid issues from really really low levels of carbohydrates over long periods of time and i think that's because the low diets for them started to produce worse health and then the side effect of that was hormone so that's that's an example just talking about low diet low calories and carbs i i would actually make the case though and wouldn't you agree that a low fat or a low protein diet is even more risky for hormonal issues well fat and protein's essential yeah because they're essential so yeah yes a low-carb diet can cause hormonal issues any low-calorie diet for a long period of time i don't care what it is like being here's the thing here i remember i read some a study a long time ago that talked about like you know the average female what she what she gains weight on today and then what the average female would need to actually hit the nutri nutrient levels on a daily basis and it's like completely lopsided like you the average female gain and then this is uh don't quote me on this because i don't remember the exact numbers but it's somewhere around you right the average female gains weight i think on like 1800 or 1900 calories something like that and the and the average female in order to hit all of her macronutrient targets needs like 2 000. so if you if you gain weight on that and you're trying to lose weight and you're running a 1300 to 1500 calorie diet for a long period of time now mind you there's all kinds of variables your your age your weight your muscle mass so i'm giving generic numbers to get my point across but if you are running in a in a low calorie diet for an extended period of time you're there's a very good chance that you're not hitting your rda for a lot of different nutrients and over a period of time that will affect health which then in turn can affect hormones and yes so yes low carb can do that but also you know low fat or low protein you're at risk of that too in my experience i've helped people solve hormone issues with there's a lot of things that we would do but i've had more success by raising people's fat intake uh and cutting their carbs in the reverse so me too i've only ever i'm trying to think throughout my whole career off the top of my head i can think of two people that were following low carb for too long that we had to bump their carbs a little bit and then their hormones balanced out but the vast majority were the opposite the vast majority i looked at their their diet and we said we need to increase your healthy fats we need to increase your proteins and then they had better outcomes like i actually had a guy whose testosterone levels uh like went up 30 or something like that by by cutting his carbs a little bit and raising his fat well when uh intermittent fasting kind of made its way back to the scene i had issues with this actually with a few clients because it became sort of an addiction to where they would stay so low calorie more in anything like not obviously low carbohydrate but overall low calories you know at the end of the week to where it would start affecting all these these visible signs and their skin their uh you know their performance in the gym uh they looked a bit gaunt like there was just like a lot of physical symptoms and signs that were very visible to me with that and so that was just something that i noticed because it was being promoted so hard that this is the healthy way uh to diet right now so they wanted to stay within that as long as they possibly could so i had to address that a few times yeah i think anything that i mean here's a key takeaway here anything that is reducing your overall health will probably cause hormone issues so really doesn't matter what diet it is if the diet itself is not making is it making your worse and usually this happens because people ignore the signals that their body's telling them and they stick to a diet because they've been convinced that this is the solution to all their problems either because they keep reading about it or some instagram you know influencer tells them this is the way you need to eat and so they're ignoring the fact that their hair is falling out that their nails are more brittle that their sleep is off that their digestion is off and oh no but the but i read that this is the way to do it this is the healthy way this is the detox period i hate it when i hear that right oh i feel like garbage but it's because i'm detoxing that's the reason why i'm doing this like your hair falling out is not really a sign of detoxing i think you're nutrient deficient you know what i mean if your health declines then you are going to notice or negative hormone effects

  Top Comments:
  1. @tomball592 [11 likes]: The most important thing in a diet is balance. Cutting out any food group is probably not the best idea for overall health. The best advice is to stay away from processed foods and refined sugers or just eat very little of them.
  2. @banimeclips10 [6 likes]: So I was running a Carb<50 diet with good amount of fat & Protein but it’s just not sustainable and was feeling very lethargic, but the moment I shift the carb from <50 to 80-100 3 days a week when I rest and just do HIIT(fats are constantly high with proteins) with other days with moderate & high carb days when I workout and I’ve seen just a big shift in my mood, sleep, sustainability and most were the fat loss result after a month or so. Did some tweaks and run it for 3 month and drops somewhere around 8-10kg of mostly fat while setting up new PRs too every other week or so.
  3. @al7ayat-alsa3yda [2 likes]: After 3 month's on keto i noticed low libido ans insomnia i become  afraid specially  with sleep issues so i stoped.
Any advices
  4. @ToneOswald [1 likes]: A Milton Friedman T-Shirt? Gross.
  5. @Dascrunk13 [1 likes]: Charles Poliquin recommended low carb to anyone over 10% BF along with German Body Comp training. Is it safe to use this for 10 weeks or so to shred? I'm trying to get real lean before my son is born. Currently sitting about 18-20% bf.
  6. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  7. @h.neubert8770: No. Insulin Resistance is real. It gave me terrible symptoms.
  8. @redbeard1191: Yes!
  9. @justinmcarthur8690: Whenever I diet and go on low carb i always gota save them all for before bed man or sleep is damn impossible 🧠💤
  10. @truebluesparkle: Interesting ty
  11. @Francis-g4p: RDA IS BULLSHIT....FOOD PYRAMIDS BULLSHIT. WE ARE HUNTERS, EAT MEAT AND GREEN CRUCIFEROUS VEGETABLES AND USE MCT COCONUT OLIVE OIL MIX WITH THE FAT CONTENT IN YOUR RED MEAT AND OTHER! HUMAN DIET, BEEN DIETING FROM 9 YEARS OLD
  12. @wolfensteinman7978: I'm on paleo diet, i will eat keto bread.  

Anyways a high protein diet with alot of greens, spinach, broccoli,  zucchini seem to help keep me satisfied along with about 50grams of protein per meal. 

My gyno has gone down just a little, I've lost 6lbs my first week and only eat when I'm hungry.  

I also try to get 7 to 9 hours of sleep a day.
  13. @aymaneeljahrani2280: These are just a bunch of guys throwing their bro science. Skip that one.
  14. @antoniaosborne4972: No sal is right. It’s to do with nutrient sensing pathways - carbs have an impact on hormone levels. Protein and fats dont. You need fats to make hormones. Different thing.
  15. @akashchopra7151: my vo2max drop after adopting low carb diet ...please tell me ..low carb dier effect vo2 max
  16. @euniquemorris1361: I had insomnia and muscle weakness. It got so bad
  17. @bhaskarbharath: Keto diet's main positive effect is to turn your body from insulin resistant to insulin sensitive.
  18. @samanthahammondsmedia: I did carnivore diet from aug 12- dec 25

In November I began getting hormonal migraines 2-3 times a month..

I am wondering if I have wrecked my hormones .. before carnivore only has 1-3 migraines A YEAR - usually hormonal related 

November - December 2023 I had FIVE. 

Has anyone ever heard of this happening before - I can’t find any other anecdotal evidence for it
  19. @Hardyboi-h8x: When I was vegan my testosterone actually went up due to the high amounts of fibre and my body started burning my stored fat
And I am skinny
  20. @MrDbaker360: But what about if you’re on steroids.

- The Keto Answers Podcast 050: How Keto Affects Women's Hormones - Dr. Anna Cabeca: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello hello hello in thank you for listening to the kita answers podcast I am your host dr. Anthony Gustin and joining me this week is dr. Anika Beca dr. ana is an expert at all things female hormones and she is just she's a wealth of knowledge just oh wise wise woman we get into a little bit about acid versus alkaline a little sticky there for a point it was just a semantics issue but yeah so after you get past that we dive in deep a lot of stuff around women's hormones how keto can be used for how can it can be bad for it and everything in between so pure woman or if you're not if you just interested in health this is an amazing episode for you and I hope you enjoy but before we get started I want to let you guys in on a little secret that is we have some brand-new keto bar flavors and so the same thing that we had with almond butter brownie that you guys love then went crazy about and we sold out in five days when we released that one we have the Lemon Poppyseed in salted caramel so these two are just ridiculous the Lemon Poppyseed tastes exactly like a frosted lemon poppy seed muffin or cake or whatever you buy Starbucks that delicious but it kills you so don't pop those things and then also salted caramel which tastes pretty much like it says so salt to caramel so these things are great you know on the go as a treat whatever same standards we have the other bar so we tested blood sugar with this no blood sugar spike no affecting ketone levels actually increased couple of team members ketone levels and yeah I mean otherwise the exact same we actually bump the collagen from 10 to 11 just because you know 10 grams is enough so we had to go otherwise these things are amazing so if you want to try now before they go to stock which may happen very very soon we just launched them at particular calm and use the code new keto bar so you a 20% off your order this whole month so go stock up now and if you already have then go grab your favorite flavor mine is the Lemon Poppyseed unwrap that little sucker and enjoy it for the show the doc thanks for coming in the show today it's great to be here thanks for having me so one of the biggest audience we have in quito and questions I get a lot which I am certainly not an expert that is how does Kido effect hormones and women's health and so I've done a little bit of research and have published some stuff on this but ultimately you are the expert and so super happy to have you on and share your knowledge I'm happy to be here it's definitely a passionate area of mine so why don't you just go ahead and maybe tell folks who don't know about you your background and kind of your qualifications now and then kind of what led to that point yeah thank you well I am a triple board-certified physician predominantly because I needed to find answers and I kept looking researching and studying for both myself and my patients so I'm 52 years old now and at age 38 I was diagnosed with menopause premature menopause early ovarian failure and told I was irreversibly infertile would never have another child I was and I struggled certainly I struggled with that because at that point I was a board certified by oncologist and obstetrician Emory University trained and already a hormone expert in sexual health expert so I knew hormones inside and out so I thought right but something I learned Anthony is that it takes more than hormones to heal our hormones so and that's what we want to do we want to fix our hormones and so now working with you know tens of thousands of women and now hundreds of thousands of women online I recognize that generally we are confused about our hormones about what's happening in our body and let alone how to fix it so that's been my journey and my mission so when it comes to keto I recognized early in my practice the benefits of keto for brain health for weight loss and however whenever I tried a strictly a really restrictive carbohydrate low carbohydrate diet with my clients especially in the perimenopausal area we'd get some not such great feedback irritability I called it keto crazy that's what I felt that's what I experienced and I was like huh well there's something in a men can do keto a lot better than women they have some great reserves or something so I figured so I had to figure out what's going on and that's where I really created my Kido green way to fix hormones to add the alkalinizing component that we know very well in functional medicine is important for decreasing inflammation is helpful for detoxification it also is hugely balancing for hormones and add in the keto component which empowers brain health clarity and you know the hormonal side of things the insulin sensitivity and that really is a powerful combination to help women okay so how did you get interested in women's health in the beginning what is the story there and like what led you to be you know triple board-certified like you said it was just a curiosity when you were younger how'd you even get on that path well I did I think I've been on this path my whole life so at age six I wanted to be a doctor but then at age 16 my mom was 52 same age I am right now and she was undergoing cardiac bypass surgery she had been struggling with heart disease diabetes for debt and diabetes for decades with a strong family history as well and so at 16 I'm like oh man you know like I've got to be vegetarian I got to stay away from red meat I had figure out what's going on and of course I was researching and I'm like well none of these reefs I mean none of the research was on women for the medication my mom my mom was put on and needless to say she got 15 more years after cardiac surgery which I'm grateful for but she passed away at 67 and struggled for many many years ahead of time and I was on a mission not to what that happened to other women so as medical researcher actually did research with the US Navy before I went to medical school and exercise physiology and then I went to an osteopathic medical school to learn the holistic more of a holistic component in healing the body and then I trained at Emory University considered the ivory tower an in-wall at Emory I did work on the hers trial which was the hormone replacement study trial in women with heart disease that was very very popular and from there it was just I mean it was just okay well what's what's the reason this is happening what's the underlying cause that you know my mom struggled and so many clients struggled so he started with the approach and I would do this with the junior residents I'm like okay well what can I do as a as I do that I you know haven't been trained to do as an MD type thing like what else can we do for this patient and then it went beyond that what's the nutritional component what's the you know course the structural component that's creating illness and disease and so it's been a lifelong interest and so from you know gynecology and obstetrics to anti-aging and regenerative medicine and now my triple board is in integrative medicine so really again looking for answers from you know from reliable sources and not discriminating against what works so how did he do come into the picture is it's just a new exploration about what nutrition and and how that can play a role in hormonal health well when it was when I was 38 and I was diagnosed with premature menopause really dug deep and actually took me on a journey around the world and you know was I was not going to accept that and as a result I was able to reverse menopause become pregnant and have a baby at 41 and again against all eyes against all odds again she's my miracle child really grateful for her and at 48 I was going through menopause again and I've I've been over 240 pounds over 240 pounds because anyone who hates the scale knows that at some point you just stop weighing so I've been over 240 pounds and lost that weight lost you know over to keep under 150 pounds and kept that after you know as part of my healing journey reversing my menopause and then at age 48 the pounds started coming up again Anthony so is something my patients would tell me they'd say dr. Anna I'm not doing anything different and I'm gaining weight 5 10 15 20 pounds and I'm like yeah yeah sure you're probably just more sedentary or whatever right you and I'm okay well let me look your thyroids good you know let's detox and then I you know I was I was stumped at 48 when guess what 5 10 15 20 pounds started creeping right back on and I wasn't doing anything different so I had to figure it out and I had to figure it out quickly because anyone who's been overweight and they've lost that weight and maintained it you just don't want to climb that scale again at any cost and so I said I'm going strictly keto I know there's benefits and I'll put up with a little irritability if that's what happens to me but it was like hitting a wall at some point and again as a mom as a single mom raising children and can't afford irritability and I was needed to understand what was going on so I made the aha moment as I was looking through research I found of research paper 100 years old that looked at from Cambridge that looked at alkalinity in combination with keto because I wanted to understand what's happening and how can we you know how can we make this work for women or you know in myself in particular and that's when I put the alkalinity component with ketosis and I started checking my urine again to look for you know check my urine pH very acidic urine pH of 5 or less and it needs to be seven seven we consider that our neutral and anything above 7 alkaline so we want that higher urinary pH so I started adding more greens and you know sacrificing some sound sacrificing strict keto to add more more greens and more and more carbs that were actually low carbohydrate greens and just started working with that to get that to get alkaline again and then go back into ketosis and that was a whole different a whole different experience that's when I recognized the power of the combination for women especially especially in the hormonal transition of the perimenopause and menopause that helps with brain function and brain clarity because I had such clarity such cognition I hadn't felt that really and I you know certainly in a couple years and so recognizing that that combination was what made the difference I then went to several of my most difficult clients you know the weight loss resistance stuck stuck stuck did it matter i prescribed all kinds of hormones for I'm injected all kinds of pellets right and and you know we they were struggling to so I brought them into an eight-week program I called my magic menopause program and had them get keto green get urinary pH alkaline stay really low in the car probably about thirty thirty five grams of carbs a day but all of them the you know highly mineral rich alkalinizing and or cruciferous vegetables and and then focus on keto two to three meals a day no snacking prolonged in a minute morning fasting which makes a huge difference for us and and lo and behold they lost weight they felt better had more clarity and many two pastors in the group and just what we call energized enlightenment a whole nother level of spiritual awareness and I think that that's when I recognized as I dug further into the research to understand what was going on is that as estrogen level declines in our perimenopause and menopause and post menopause estrogen like gluconeogenesis in the brain is an estrogen dependent process so part of the brain fog that we experience as women part of the you know memory issues the cognition issues clarity issues and I will say irritability issues because estrogen and serotonin as a neurotransmitter go hand-in-hand are part of a part of that problem and so when we can use ketones for fuel in the brain that is a preferred source a preferred energy source for us post menopause and that's the power of the combination and then to you know go back we're checking urinary pH we're not talking about blood pH where we get into some misinformation when it comes into the alkalinity realm but urinary pH has long been associated client urinary pH has long been associated with lower risks of disease including metabolic syndrome so heart disease diabetes hypertension cancer are all decreased in clients with a higher urinary pH above 7 so that that's been the goal and now we've had probably you know I've had thousands of women run through my program and follow these principles to have huge success so it's been beautiful to see that good so a lot of what I have read it in the past and learned myself about the alkalinity is more so focused on blood pH which is why as you know very very tightly regulated and I'm not aware of a lot that shows the correlation between urinary pH levels and different health outcomes and so it seems to me that you have different information or more research I would love to maybe dig into that a little bit yeah absolutely and so this you know this stems back we're not talking about blood pH you know as you know when we're looking at blood pH in the ER and I've checked many blood gases that's the NAR Tyrael stick that we're sticking the arterial the artery and measuring the blood pH now that is strictly regulated to keep our body in homeostasis approximately at 7.4 a little higher a little lower and we are deathly ill and that's it that's an emergency in the ER in treating patients postpartum etc when we look at those things if there we're in a crisis situation and so we want alkaline I you know we want to improve that we want to maintain that blood pH at its slightly alkaline level of 7.4 now urinary pH is a reflection of what's passing through the kidneys to maintain our blood pH and this is where people I think this is where the misinformation comes from because we have to understand we have to maintain that blood pH of 7.4 where are we how are we maintaining the blood pH well that comes down to mineral balance calcium sodium potassium chloride right where do we get those minerals well if we're not getting them through our nourishment we have to get them from our bones the huge the largest mineral deposits in our body and our muscle and so women especially as we're getting older and actually honestly there's a crisis situation in America today where women in their 30s or having osteoporosis we do recognize that we have a highly acidic diet which isn't how you know how any you know ancestral population has existed so these lower mineral rich diets or mineral poor diets are are sacrificing structure and function and we see that in sports injuries I mean how many NFL players now I mean the number of injuries are compounded probably from indoor training you know less vitamin D and highly acidic diet and lifestyle but there we're seeing that on a really large scale in America especially so when we diverge but I get irritated about it because I see these young women with osteoporosis let alone women in their 60s and again the medical insurance won't pay for a bone density scan unless you're 65 or older so you or have two or three criterias already like broken wrist broken bone you know and the list goes on but we have to look at that and we have to if we're going to raw Peter to pay Paul to keep our blood pH very you know slightly alkaline very on on target so but our kidneys and our urinary pH tells us tell us a story on a very fluctuating very you know on a daily basis it fluctuates with our nutrition it fluctuates with our stress level it fluctuates with our toxin level so now you know testing not just you know again thousands of women having them test their urine on a regular basis number one it just cost pennies a day and it tells you okay I'm I am nourishing my body with enough nutrients to provide you know healthy minerals to my body for healthy kidney cellular function right so we're gonna get that covered okay so I think one of the things here that I see a disconnect with people so I totally agree with a lot of the interventions that you just said like obviously we need to be nourishing our bodies and having the right mineral components right nutrients to obviously carry on functional cellular cellular functions and beyond and have maybe a surplus instead of just having a base level of things to to account for but what happens I think that I see a lot of people think of is that this acid alkaline kind of back and forth I think like I shouldn't eat this food because it is acidic and I don't think that that's what you're saying but I think that some people think of just is this food alkaline or acidic instead of thinking of is this food nutrient dense or not and the alkalinity is maybe more of a secondary secondary marker rather than is like a cause and effect of if my urine pH is more alkaline that means that I am a healthier person do you understand I'm saying yeah yeah I know and you're absolutely right and that's the thing like number one I don't villainize any food any food group I want that's why I like urinary pH testing because it helps an individual find out this works for me and this doesn't work for me because it goes beyond that if our urinary pH is also if we've been alkaline and it's acidic maybe it's because we had dairy and it's a food sensitivity or we ate something that was a food sensitivity or maybe we had a fight with our husband and now we're acidic we're stressed because those hormones take a lot of nutrients to be produced right a lot of enzymes a lot of minerals and so looking at to say okay what am i doing that's working for me and that's why I like urinary testing it gives us on a very you know individual basis a way to discern what works for us and what's not working for us and you know again can add links to the research for looking at urinary pH with lower risks of metabolic disease metabolic syndrome diabetes hypertension cardiovascular disease so I'll definitely provide those links because there's some really good research out it's been a long time a lot of good research so we'll add that in but just an easy way to figure out what's working for us yeah I think that's my diets fail they're not individualized totally but I think that one of the things of to put this in more contextual example is that a lot of people think that you know meat for example or even as far as saying nuts or coffee or lemons are acidic therefore I should not eat those things because they will give me heart disease and kill me and Rob my bones of all minerals I think is a stretch that is like a rat takes this sort of research and spins it and makes it really confusing for people because then they go you know into Google and say acidic foods and then they eliminate all of those food groups yeah and I think there's a healthy balance that we need so with the keto green you'll see my recipes in my book I bet I just wrote the hormone fixes our 10-day Quick Start as well as 21 additional days of menus to give people the visual so like a keto green plate looks like maybe it's four ounces of your favorite grass-fed red meat right and then you have some asparagus steamed broccoli other greens for instance you can do cauliflower mash but you want to get like a plate that has a good-size amount of low-carbohydrate greens so we're not eating you know potato corn peas so we're staying low glycemic in our choices and combining acidic foods like meat and fish you know proteins and and alkaline foods together so mineral dense food so I think that's the best way to put it and I go and want a food that balances healthy protein the healthy fats with mineral dense food and a mineral dense low carbohydrate food because again for hormone balance that achieving a state and where our body is using ketones for fuel especially brain fuel is much better overall for overall health brain health and so what is so you mentioned the keto green and you mentioned a little bit more but can you go into a little more depth about how you mean obviously through a lot of the work you've done but more kind of like a detailed explanation of what keto green means to you yeah so that keto green is that keto outlined component so it's the combination I'm staying you know plenty of healthy greens and keeping under 35 grams of carbohydrates ideally to get your what works for you as an individual to get your body into ketosis and so the combination of two to three meals a day healthy fats so from olive oil nuts seeds I'm healthy proteins such as fish salmon oysters superfood you know I think consider oysters a big superfood so good for us you know grass-fed meat and then again just that plant in green so keto green is getting your body into ketosis while maintaining are working to get you know highly nutrient dense foods into your diet and for me it means checking your urinary pH to make sure you are doing it's working for you because if you're not testing you're just guessing and and that's where we fail that's where we get off-track and hoping and checking something as simple as urinary pH and actually I have clients especially getting started check urinary ketones as well I created your new pH ketone strips keto pH strips that check both for just an easy and expensive way to monitor what they're doing to kind of get in to figure out what's working for them and what's not working for them and that's where it's been interesting so I've worked now with you know thousands of women in my online programs working to do this and I will tell you initially they hate checking their urinary pH they had hate testing their urine but eventually they love it and they love seeing ketones on that urine test strip and you know the pH greater than 7 it's like red and green and it's Christmas it feels like Christmas and they feel that clarity and what many women have found out is that Wow even after having a great dinner out with friends laughing etc and maybe not being so kedo maybe that was a feasting but they still wake up the next morning with alkalinity and when they're doing that when we're waking up alkaline it typically means we're sleeping better our body is resting and restoring itself in a more ideal way so so that's what you know that's what we're noticing with the Kido green approach and yeah so gotta answer yeah I mean it sounds pretty nutrient-dense which I love and then earlier you mentioned little bit but about the differences between how men thrive on Kido and how women can sometimes stumble a little bit is it just due to the fact of not having these nutrient-dense foods or what have you experienced there as far as hormonal responses to a ketogenic diet in general yeah I think there's there's several things where again women and men are different right new big surprise but and they're different when it comes to our our nourishment you know I think there's keto diet does thus favor men where women benefit is adding the nutrient dense mineral rich foods that's the difference and adding that in and really you know really making sure it's working for you like check your urinary pH because we want you to have strong healthy bones as women we want you to have strong healthy brain we want you to maintain your muscle right it's not enough to get protein and fats we need to get those nutrient dense minerals on board too so from food with a fiber etc so women I find do better when they eat before 10:00 when they break fast before 10:00 a.m. and when they eat and earlier dinner we know from the research that if we eat past 7:00 p.m. we increase our insulin secretion by 50 to 70% on average so creating more insulin resistance creating more of a storage mode for anything we eat after 7:00 p.m. so with working with women moving that last meal up to a lighter meal and between five to six five to seven and fasting from that meal through you know breakfast is ideal for women for hormone balance so that we're getting nutrients healthy fats right away good brain fuel staving off hunger hence improving our willpower when we break fast by 10 a.m. as well with healthy healthy protein I caught my Kido green shake in the morning so a healthy Creek Kido Green breakfast or kita green shake something like a salmon you know a cucumber salmon roll with capers it's a beautiful keto green breakfast something like that got it and then do you ever notice excited no there's kind of some controversy out there about women need to eat carbs intermittently or do carb cycling our car carb ups what is your thought process on that I I think that if we're figuring out what's working for us someone's working against us that's what makes a difference so I think different women will you know need to tailor it individually but overall following you know following this you know 2 to 3 meal a day plan it's like you're getting enough you're getting enough like if you're getting 35 sometimes up to 50 grams of carbs I mean just as long as you're seeing what's working for you you're gonna be in a healthy state now I also say Anthony there's time we want metabolic flexibility and I also want to be able to party and feast right okay we want that too so there's time for fasting there's time for feasting and there's time for moderation so I encourage that in my clients I go out celebrate don't worry you know as long as you're not eating a food sensitivity or you know something that's gonna take you down if it does you just make note of it and then you know you're not gonna do that again so you know there's time for feasting time for fasting and time for you know moderation and they kind of call it my ten eighty ten role that's what I'm not giving up feasting opening I'll see you at will make sure to hit some barbeque and so what about women who maybe don't have a testing or just getting this stuff some some signs or symptoms that they may notice so that their hormones are not working properly yeah definitely the weight loss resistance fatigue brain fog you know and the list goes on hot flashes night sweats waking up and this is something my clients would tell me you know waking up and not feeling rested and also you know it's loss of loss of sexual desire decreased libido I mean those are all symptoms of hormone imbalance and some uncommon symptoms are you know heart palpitations you know lower extremity deema or restless leg syndrome even so we get these symptoms of hormone imbalance and when we go quito green when we work to optimize our major hormones which is you know again as a gynecologist I'd love to say that estrogen progesterone and testosterone that those are the most important hormones and women but truth is it's insulin and cortisol and my absolute favorite hormone oxytocin I dedicate a whole chapter in my book to oxytocin can my next book will probably be all about it but it's important to understand these hormones so using ketosis to create insulin sensitivity creates hormone stability because insulin affects our progesterone our testosterone our DHEA the list goes on and to create an alkalinity that helps improve cortisol and with that our circadian rhythm and helps us feel calmer peaceful less irritated so many women have said to me dr. Anna I don't even feel like myself I feel irritable you know if when is this going to stop and that's why that alkalinity is so important that piece is so important helps with cortisol balance and it helps with again decreasing inflammation which creates agitation you know inflammation creates agitation so we want to decrease that so that we have the peace that surpasses all understanding as it says biblically in the Bible to experience that and I believe this you know getting keto alkaline or kita green is a step in the right direction to have that centeredness that grounding that hormonal balance and from there estrogen progesterone testosterone DHEA those hormones are are important but when we are when we're stressed we're depleting of course we're depleting our sex steroids and when our body stressed whether it's physical emotional or perceived we will deplete our estrogen and testosterone those reproductive hormones are end-of-the-line hormones and have court in times of stress naturally it's not a reproductive state so those hormones get you know aren't as produced aren't the levels aren't as optimal so we see these low levels or low levels that are definitely not optimal in women and we need to fix that too but we have to start above and then we can add progesterone then we can add you know again bioidentical progesterone we can add DHEA I often use DHEA in testosterone in both men and women to help really fine-tune and balance hormones as well guys this lifestyle makes a difference so you shoot a lot of different hormones out there that a lot of people are probably not freaked out of like oh you know is my insulin or cortisol or oxytocin not where it needs to be I mean what are the things that people need to go get blood test or urine tested they need to just look at you know symptoms and then switch to to making sure that nutrition is appropriate I mean what are the first things that people can do to benchmark their own health markers here yeah that's a great question I'm sorry about that no problem I'd love of course I love hormones and that in my book the hormone fix I go into a whole chapter on hormones another whole chapter on testing and and then again applying the lifestyle and nutrition strategies to fix hormones so you can definitely do it without testing can jump right in but there are four key tests that I recommend everyone know just like you know the number of your weight on the scale so you know your weight on the scale there are other lab tests that I want you to know and I want everyone to know their HSC RP and that's an inflammatory marker so that's highly sensitive C reactive protein not a straight C reactive protein but a HSC react HSC RP highly sensitive or cardio C reactive protein so I hope just write this down and that's a number you want to know if you haven't had that checked we want to know that number it's an inflammatory marker and often we see it elevated in in low-grade inflammation and also in in chronic disease as well as cancer and we want and what I've seen happen over time through following my keto Greenway is that number decreases down to below one which is where we want it I one time you know again checking this in my medical practice this client was referred to me she was a 47 year old female who was referred to me from her cardiologist for irregular bleeding and she'd been seen by a cardiologist hat was at least 70 pounds overweight was really struggling hated life $8.00 ver and I did this marker on her her HSC RP was 117 117 should be below three right yeah and her so her cardiologist never checked it so don't assume you're getting the labs right we can't assume we're getting labs that help us so I evaluated her I referred her on to hematology and lo and behold she had a cancer in her hip and OHS CRP can tell us so much don't wait till it gets up you know let's start reversing it now and that's where you know combining ketosis with alkalinity can really improve our results so so HS CRP the second one is the hemoglobin a1c now many people you can check your blood sugars now at home just like we have our I have a ketone monitor I have a blood glucose monitor as well and so but you can check for a long term by Seema control you want to look at at hemoglobin a1c and this is a crucial number now unless it's above 6 close to 7 you're not considered diabetic but anything over 5.3 which is well in the normal range every point above that every you know 0.1 above 5.3 increases your risk of Alzheimer's disease and dementia exponentially exponentially so we have to get that number down now mine at one time again family history on both sides I'm the age my mom was when she had her first heart surgery my hemoglobin a1c when I was fully practicing ob/gyn was 5.6 it is now 4.8 I have seen hemoglobin a1cs go from 10 to 7 I have seen hemoglobin a1c is consistently drop below 5.0 and that's really Wow what you're making a big change in your life when you do that so so look at that number hemoglobin a1c and then do I have time to give my two more oh yeah so another a really important marker is your vitamin D 25 hydroxy I know you've talked about vitamin D Anthony and that's where like you know our nutrition and lifestyle I really think I like to think of the keto tribe as people that are outdoors right that are in nature that are athletic that are building muscle you know getting sunshine I like to believe that and that's an inspiration to me to actually get outside something I've asked clients in my magic menopause program is when is the last time you when was the last time your bare feet touch the earth and I had one woman write to me that it been decades it's been decades since she was outside barefoot I encourage my clients to go outside first thing in the morning if you can bare feet and just make sure you get morning sunlight into your eyes unobstructed like without glasses on in a simple test to know if you're functionally vitamin D insufficient would be to to go outside without sunglasses on and you know early morning not look directly at the Sun but off to the right or off to the left and see how your eyes tolerate it so many clients have such light sensitivity now and that is a sign that you know that is contributing to circadian rhythm dysfunction or you know a hormone imbalance ultimately right so we want to improve our vitamin D so vitamin D 25 hydroxy and we wanted above 50 typically optimal 50 to 80 and another pet peeve Anthony is seeing client referred to me she never forget this one beautiful lady and from southeast Georgia and African American client that had been treated for breast cancer and she was 67 years old and she was a retired schoolteacher and salt-and-pepper gray hair at her age and just was just so sincere she said you know that she had heard about me and wanted my help and so first thing I checked was a vitamin D level on her and as I look back all her through all her labs she never had a vitamin D level on her and now here she was post breast cancer and her vitamin D level was 11:11 I wanted to cry and I was so angry about that you know and because we know that increased the lower your vitamin D the increased risk for breast cancer here is someone who's already been diagnosed with breast cancer been treated with breast cancer for breast cancer and no one's optimizing or decreasing her risk of getting recurrent breast cancer from this holistic standpoint something as easy as vitamin D replacement something as easy as encouraging sunlight exposure do you know something as important because our levels are vitamin D 25 hydraulics they are naturally above 50 or more we have a significantly decreased risk of breast cancer heart disease you know and and the list goes on so vitamin D 25 hydroxy and it's important to get it naturally and if we replace its vitamin d3 with k2 vitamin D says deposit calcium vitamin K says where that's why we're seeing more kidney stones and calcification so we really want to make sure we're combining and I talked about this in my book in detail so and then the last one is DHEA s so if I'm looking at a blood test that I can get back in a day I'm gonna look at the HSC RP the hemoglobin a1c the vitamin D 25 hydroxy and DHEA s because DHEA in both men and women Peaks in our 20s and declines from their higher levels are associated with healthy brain healthy immune function lower cancers and you know definitely a healthier sex drive and and get so much more from their bones brain brassed all of that are optimized with healthy by Timothy DHEA levels and it's important for sexual function too so so that's a number that we want to look at and make sure we're optimizing it and how we do stir a lot a lot of its naturally because DHEA is secreted by our adrenals predominantly also ovaries and women and testes and men but we want to you know optimize it through pretty much stress reduction lifestyle if we have to supplement very very low doses can be very beneficial I use DHEA in my anti-aging feminine cream for women Java because it has great great cellular anti-aging properties as well so so those are the four the four lab tests that very easy very inexpensive that I recommend my clients get so I think that's a good start and then you said that there's a lot of different things you do with nutrition with the keto green and what about other lifestyle factors that can help kind of put this stuff in the right direction for most people yeah so how there are so many you know where to start I think is the one that's hardest for most people growing up in America is the no snacking rule no snacking Anthony what do you tell your clients about snacking I say eat a real meal when you're hungry is what I said exactly and so there's no need for us to snack and snacking actually increases insulin resistance and I always have women in my programs that are on three meals three snacks a day and and I tell you know I get them to stop that and they worry that they're gonna have hypoglycemia as a result of stopping that I'm like actually quite the opposite he didn't eat lower carbs so you're not spiking your insulin up so high that it's driving down your blood glucose to low number one but eat healthy fats and proteins at your meal especially starting out the day so the lowest card meal technically should be in the morning with you know highest card meal in the evening at least for my menopausal clients and that can make a difference so I think that's one of the biggest rules and then allowing our bodies to rest and digest overnight so no late night meals no late night snacking that's a really big one no late night drinking because many women are getting up you know many women and men get up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom and that disrupts sleep so very simply you know restricting the amount we're drinking after our last meal so that we're not getting up in the middle of the night is beneficial but also so we're not diluting our digestive enzymes that needs that need to completely digest the food we've eaten from our last meal so that we're really repairing and our body while we're sleeping versus digesting what about any other non nutrition lifestyle modifications that you work with hormone disrupters hormone disruptors are a big a big one so looking at what's in our cosmetics removing endocrine disruptors from our lifestyle and our diet so from chemicals we use in our home water we're drinking and so that's that makeup we're using that's a really that's a really big factor in women I really do believe part of the thyroid disease phenomenon that we're seeing or from a lot of the topical toxins we've been using so how is that with a hormone disorders like that can you give some examples that people maybe aren't thinking of that are more impactful than they are not realizing yeah well definitely even shampoos and like shampoo I think it's estimated and that by the time a woman leaves her house in the morning she's put on over 120 chemicals on her body well so yeah that's huge and typically say if we can if we can eat it we can use it right so many of the things we're putting on her body are we washing our hands with hand soap with chemicals are we using an antiseptic gel on our hands which can disrupt our microbiome we know is the shampoo and conditioner that we're using on our hair does it contain parabens so the methyl parabens butyl parabens have negative effects on our bodies and our hormones as well as all of those are our endocrine disruptors so those little areas when we can clear out our bathrooms our sinks that makes that can make a big difference and then again not drinking from plastic bottles when we don't have to avoiding drinking you know a hot coffee out of a plastic you know with a plastic lid on top just toss a lid keep a great you know a cork Segel or some type of stainless mug that you can put your your hot beverages into so you're not drinking out of a Styrofoam or plastics yeah I mean these are all things that I think people have no idea that you know even as small as the lotions and the soaps and the shampoos and things like it all just adds and I think that you have to make so many decisions in a day that there's a cumulative effect this like maybe you don't notice a difference using a different type of shampoo but day over day you know this stuff is just adding up over a long long period of time and it's hard to have a feedback loop you know if you eat something it's even hard enough but when you eat a bad meal you can you notice maybe some bloating some fullness that shouldn't be there but yeah it some of the other stuff is it's just so difficult for people to understand the feedback loop that well you know egg affects your health yeah absolutely and I think you're exactly right I like how you said the cumulative effect it's layer upon layer upon layer that's the problem it's not the once-off but it's the consistent layering and if we're not detoxing properly so that's why having you know phase 1 you know nutrients that help support your body see toxification and elimination because constipation a huge like creates huge hormone disruption right so and then we're not eliminating the toxins from our body we're reabsorbing them so those are really big factors but exactly right that cumulative effect is where we need to look and say okay what can I just maybe one thing a week just think of one thing a week that you can replace to a very natural a natural substitution I give a several examples in my book from soap laundry detergent you know lewbert my do-it-yourself natural lubricant I mean you got it you got it on so he's just a little bit more on the hormone fixing and what that work means to you and kind of what people would be expecting from that yeah thank you so it really is my life's work you know I struggled at age like I said age 38 really felt like at that point in my life that you know I was following the same path as my mom and then to be able to reverse that not just for myself but having the opportunity to reverse it for my father and now thousands and thousands of women to see what it gives back in their life and where for me it's being helped able to help without a barrier oh you know as many people as I can because very few people I mean can't come to see me now at my clinic right so this information has to get out and has to be shared because I know that if my had it many years ago she'd be enjoying her grandkids today and I want not only for everyone listening to enjoy the quality of their life every day with quality peace joy and passion but I want your children and your grandchildren to be able to enjoy you too so that's my passion that's what I put forth in this book very practical lifestyle strategies and some there's a lot of huge science moments with you know the oxytocin but predominantly very practical steps that every one of us can do that will make a difference in our lives and the lives of those we love and and with that you know again making it easy making it accessible I also anthing am offering a 10 day free masterclass - that goes into just 5 to 10 minutes a day of just bite-sized information that's beneficial just add on to that so that's a book bonus as well awesome where can people find these the book I'm sure is in Amazon and a bunch of other places but what about the ten-day yeah so it just at my website dr. Anna comm dr. Anna calm and then I'll provide links for your show notes nice URL you must have gotten in early Draa yeah awesome well I'm sure that we'll get a lot of feedback on this and probably to do around 2:00 as I'm sure there will be a lot of interesting questions around hormones and in women's application from Quito all the way down to maybe carpet I clean enough but dr. Anna thank you for being the show and if anybody wants to check your stuff obviously your website you said dr. Anna anywhere else that they want to follow you who you were Instagram in facebook so mad dr. Anna Quebec at dr. Anna C on Facebook and dr. Annika Becca and Instagram so I would love to see you all there please join me thank you so much alright everyone thanks for listening to another episode of the keto answers podcast I hope you enjoyed it even if you didn't I would love a review just go over to iTunes wherever you listen your podcast I'm popping in a review so we can get found by more people get better guests I have the information that you need - please go to iTunes where you listen your podcast in this review if you need to Quito heading over to perfectio comm slash podcast and into your email for all our top tips and guides and getting start with the ketogenic diet thanks we'll see you next time [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sue-In-Oregon [2 likes]: where are the links Dr.  Cabeca referred to that would be below. I found her presentation and viewpoints highly credible and am greatly energized by her thoughts and studies. Her specialized research is fascinating and unique.  What a blessing to us women to have someone as learned and brilliant as her on our side. I completely disagree with Gp De Ciantis opinion listed below.
  2. @DrInnappropriate [2 likes]: I listened to this podcast a couple days ago. This may be controversial, but Dr Cabeca came off as a quack to me. All my BS detectors went off as she was talking. This week I also listened Dr Gabrielle Lyon on the mindpump podcast. She sounded totally authentic and credible and also seemed to stay in her lane of expertise. If you listened to these podcasts back-to-back (which I pretty much did) the difference in perceived BS is palpable.
  3. @renukamv6194: Thankyou.. this is the best info in hv ever listened till date.. i had random heart palpitations even after one year of keto.. i lost all my excess weight but always needed some carbs every five days.. I understand now that it cd be a hormone imbalance.. thank u v much
  4. @karenchamps9087: Thank you for this information.  Even after telling different doctors of my pre-disposition for diabetes for years, I was the one that had to ask for the A1C test.  It was 5.9.  Now, a few years later, as a woman on Keto, at times I feel like a 17 year old but at other times I feel like I want to rip someone’s head off for minor offenses.  I think this is the information that I was needing.  🥩🥦🥓🥬🥩

- Is the Keto Diet Good or Bad for Women? Gut Health & Recovery Nutrition | Dr. Stacy Sims: Kind: captions Language: en Do you think women should be eating immediately after they exercise and men or is it does it is there a variance there at all? There is a variance because when we look at um what we call metabolism coming back down to baseline. So that's your overall body coming back down to its resting state. For women it happens within 30 to 40 minutes after exercise. For men it's 2 to 18 hours depending on the intensity. So in that we see that if we want to maximize our body's resistance training and muscle building capacity, we need to give it some food. We need to give it some really good hit of protein. For women who are in their reproductive years, we see 35 grams of protein post exercise within 45 minutes will tip the muscle into muscle protein synthesis. For men, it's 20 grams and it can be 2, four, whatever hours later. When we're looking at returning our muscle glycogen back to normal, we don't need as much carbohydrate post exercise as a woman as men need more because they tap more into their stores. So the window of opportunity for women post exercise is around that 45 minute mark, but for men it's open a lot wider. What about the keto diet for women? I am kind of anti- keto for both sexes. And I say this because when we look at the gut microbiome that is so important, we see a decrease in diversity as we become more and more I guess city dwelling and we are having less and less of uh variety in our food chain. We have to take care of the gut microbiome. If we look at the ketogenic diet and the high fat intake that comes with it, it significantly decreases that gut microbiome diversity, which reduces the body's ability to synthesize vitamins, to produce serotonin, to have this conversation between the gut and the brain. And for women, we're already metabolically flexible by the nature of being born with more of those endurance fibers that there's no reason to try to do a ketogenic diet. Could I not take a prebiotic or something or just eat more fruits and veggies and stuff? So, if you're eating a lot of fruit and veggies, sorry, not fruit, veggies. No, if you're eating a lot of fibrous fruit and veg, then that's how we increase the diversity. Taking a probiotic pill, it just affects the upper intestines. But even that is a little bit suspect because there's only two to three companies that are making all the probiotics that are B2B. So that means business is business and we don't really know the long-term outcome and we can have the overgrowth of some probiotics that again can cause some dispiosis. Could I be on the keto diet and still protect my gut microbiome? I don't think so. Not from what I've seen. Cuz I thought the gut microbiome was predominantly about like plants. It is. But you also need some protein that comes from a wide variety of different sources. And the amount of fat that is taken in through a true ketogenic diet is 70 to 80% of your total intake coming from fat. And then that will cause the overgrowth of the bacteria that relies primarily on fatty acids, which downregulates all the good bacteria that relies on our fibrous fruit and veg. because you're not going to be able to consume as much fiber as you need on a ketogenic diet to really invoke this diversity. For thinking about invoking diversity, you want 30 different plants across the week. And on a ketogenic diet, you're just not capable of being able to eat as much to create that diversity. And the reason why it's really important for women to have that diversity is because we have some gut bugs that are responsible for our sex hormone metabolism. So, we think about estrogen, progesterone. People think, "Oh, yeah, well, it's released from the ovaries and the adrenals and it goes and it hits our target tissues." But we have this thing called a second pass where our sex hormones will be taken up by the liver, bound by sex hormone binding globbulin, shot into the intestines through bile, unconjugated or unpacked by these little gut bugs, and then shot back out in the circulation to work. If we have a lower diversity of the gut microbiome, we don't have those bugs that will help with our sex hormone. um I guess reactivation and the ability for the sex hormones to work optimally.

  Top Comments:
  1. @elenasalisbury8282 [34 likes]: Keto does not have to be high fat especially for weight loss.i follow Maria Emmerich way of keto - high protein , moderate fat , 20 and under grams of carb .  Veggies bloat me , fruit bloat me , dairy bloat me.  Correctly formulated keto works for me as a post menopausal woman
  2. @baconmissfit75 [14 likes]: Keto is what cured my PCOS induced infertility.  Lol.  I couldn't turn it off once I found it.  I weng from a dr to tell me I'd never have kids to having 5.  

I will say it was the protein focused Keto, not the medical Keto for neurological issues like epilepisy.
  3. @SuePyperArtist [10 likes]: Interesting that everyone else says keto is better for gut biome. So much confusing info that usually comes from people that have never tried it.
  4. @linseyk5728 [10 likes]: Keto works. This just encourages women to keep eating noodles/doughnuts and not losing weight. Wow. Would like to see sources.
  5. @EarthAngelArls333 [9 likes]: Respectfully her advise is generalized. Keto is great for women who suffer from metabolic issues
  6. @trishayable [7 likes]: I always feel so much better when I do keto. I just don't have the discipline to do keto permanently, but when I do I always lose weight, have more energy, and it keeps my blood sugar stable with no blood sugar crashes. It's the only time I can easily IF for 18 hours and not feel hungry and dizzy. I mainly eat massive salads, skin on chicken thighs, and Thai curries during keto time.
  7. @Mimi-ni3il [7 likes]: This is not a nuanced discussion which includes let diet variations. A very effective keto diet for people at risk for Altzheimers (75 MILLION Americans) is Apollo Health’s Keto Flex diet which is high in unsaturated fat and high in polyphenols from veggies as well as resistant starch which feeds the microbiome while still allowing the body to be in mild ketosis but still providing steady energy to the brain via ketones which people with a single or double copy of the altzheimer gene need. Steady fuel source for a brain that will shut down and protect itself if it is only using glucose and can’t access glucose very well.
  8. @lanalace3470 [4 likes]: 30+ different plants in a week is easy. Eating just one new fruit everyday is 7 different plants in that week, for example:  apple, kiwi, orange, pear, dates, banana, plums.

Eating a nourish bowl gives you at least 8 more different plants;  Quinoa, roasted sweet potato, roasted mushrooms, steamed broccoli, tofu (marinated/baked/air fried),  onion-tomato salsa, sauerkraut.

For breakfast you can have a bunch of berries with your oatmeal or yogurt. Chia and flax seeds on top, or in a smoothie or a chia pudding. Pomegranate seeds. 

Don't forget that herbs and spices also count. Oregano has tons of antioxidants. Cumin, cinnamon, basil, mint, cilantro...
  9. @AniPo42 [4 likes]: Isn't kimchi super good for micro biome and it's keto?
  10. @EE-hi4re [4 likes]: KETO + OMAD was the ONLY thing that pulled me put of obesity.  I'm a woman. I'm no longer KETO, but I still like a low-ish carb lifestyle, & only nature's carbs. I no longer do OMAD, but fasting works as a tool that I throw in here and there.
  11. @cornchips704 [4 likes]: Hmm, just listened to a Dr Ben Bikman on the same podcast saying that there is evidence to suggest that the microbiome doesn’t change on keto and even if it did, it might not matter. I don’t know who to believe!
  12. @Nani-ok5bp [2 likes]: Wow, interesting, but my understanding is that clean Keto is actually 25% protein, 25% fat, and 50% veggies.
  13. @Eelloisityou [2 likes]: She needs to provide evidence for this. Keto can be prescribed as a treatment - investigating as treatment or adjunct treatment for bipolar, schizophrenia and so on. There are also studies comparing gut biome between carnivore, keto and other diets. They found that carnivores had good gut micro biomes. Also keto produces betahydroxybuterate in the gut which helps the gut heal and turn over the old cells and thus there’s no need for fibre to do the job. 
.
  14. @anamoreno2303 [2 likes]: please interview mary ruddick
  15. @MythicStealth [1 likes]: I upped the carbs and my libido came back. What I'm trying now is carb cycling and eating intuitively. Glad to see that Dr. Sims is addressing that men and women are vastly different! Thank you.
  16. @wildflower1988 [1 likes]: so refreshing to hear someone speak about keto from a holistic perspective
  17. @yamshenriksdal [1 likes]: rubbish, not evidence based at all on keto and gut microbiome
  18. @JB-of-Hayden: In this day and age, there's so much Roundup on U.S. grown wheat crops that it's destroying gut health and making people sick when they eat wheat products. And then there's the "enriched" adding of B vitamins which overdoses us on those as well. U. S. grown wheat is toxic thanks to Monsanto/Bayer makers of Roundup. Just eliminating U.S. wheat alone, would have a huge impact on the population. Look for wheat products that are "Product Of Italy". They don't use glysophates (Roundup) on the crops in Italy. Huge difference in my gut when I splurge, heaven forbid, on pasta from Italy. No bloating and gas. None! Trader Joe's has many choices. Ezekiel sprouted grain breads are another go to for healthy carbs. They don't bloat me either and are low carb, high fiber.
  19. @eleutherna: Respectfully, I think that eating 30+ different sources of fibers and veggies, is rare regardless of diet choices, because how do rotate successfully all of that in your weeek?! It's a full time job.
  20. @nikkirun9253: Frustrating thing about all this. No one differentiates freshly milled grain as a source of carbs. Has done wonders for my gut in my late 40’s. Do something different. Have someone on that talks about milling your own grain to make bread…..game changer!

- Ep:166 KETO AND FEMALE HORMONES/FERTILITY - UNDERSTANDING THE DAMAGE CARBS DO - by Robert Cywes: Kind: captions Language: en hi folks this is dr rob sivis and today we're going to talk about um a very specific subject a very specific topic that's going to have a narrow focus i would welcome all of you to watch this and even if it doesn't pertain to you but for a specific group of people this is a critically important video and we're talking specifically about infertility and in particular pcos polycystic ovarian syndrome and how to manage pcos if you're trying to get pregnant and we work here in south florida with a number of ivf groups in vitro fertilization groups where these gynecologists and obstetricians have a group of women and men who for a variety of reasons are unable to get pregnant and one of the commonest causes of infertility is something called polycystic ovarian syndrome so just briefly i've got other videos on this channel and i'd urge you if you've got pcos or have been questioned or diagnosed with that to go back and look at that pcos video but briefly speaking pcos occurs in a particular set of women and it is a direct consequence of chronic excessive carbohydrate consumption when you eat a lot of sugar and starch that sugar and starch enters your bloodstream and the way the body clears that intravascular hyper hyperglycemia high blood sugar levels is to release insulin from the pancreas and insulin's job is to shove the sugar into the cells it shoves it into the liver and in the liver cells those liver cells turn the sugar into fat and that's why you gain a bit of weight and what happens is as the sugar gets into the cells the cells get flooded with sugar so that sugar high levels of sugar is toxic into the bloodstream so the insulin shoves it out of the bloodstream to protect the in the the bloodstream and it shoves it but now the cells are suffering suffering toxicity of high sugar so they shut the front door they shut the insulin receptor down that's called insulin resistance and if you're insulin resistant and you can't produce a lot of insulin the sugar builds up in the bloodstream and we call that diabetes and it's not uncommon for women who eat a lot of sugar and starch who have low insulin production capacity to develop gestational diabetes but they get pregnant fairly easily on the other hand we've got women who when the cells shut the front door they're insulin resistant the pancreas is able to produce massive amounts of insulin to shove that sugar out of the bloodstream those women may be considered to be pre-diabetic and that's where the confusion comes in the a1c may be in the high fives but they're not diabetic blood sugar may be slightly high but they're not in the diabetic range they do not have diabetes and they're unlikely to get diabetes but they gain weight and that excess sugar has significant damaging issues in the blood in the in the cells of the body i'm not going to talk about that right now but the hyperinsulinemia high levels of insulin high levels of insulin do two things number one persistent high levels of insulin affect the cholesterol production pathway so you've got this massive production over production of cholesterol continuously cholesterol should be produced during meals and should not be produced after meals that's the topic for another day but when you're hyperinsulinemic those insulin levels are up all the time you're producing cholesterol all the time and why is that important when it comes to pcos is because um cholesterol is the common starting precursor it's the precursor molecule for all steroid hormones all steroid hormones whether it's cortisols from the adrenal hormones and then the sex hormones testosterone progesterone and estrogen and those are the three hormones we're primarily going to talk about we can also talk about cortisol levels so insulin is producing massive amounts of cholesterol so there's this huge amount of cholesterol to oprah over produce these steroid hormones and at first we do we produce ridiculous amounts of testosterone estrogen and progesterone which throws your cycles out of whack a little bit heavy cycles abnormal uterine bleeding however to counter that effect here's the beauty about the human body the other effect that that hyperinsulinemia does is it blocks it blocks the early enzymes that convert cholesterol downstream to the steroid hormones so when it does that in a female you're no longer producing estrogen and progesterone so your estrogen progesterone numbers go way down particularly the estrogen and your testosterone numbers go through the roof when you're hyperinsulinemic because of chronic excessive carbohydrate consumption you produce massive amounts of testosterone with low estrogen and low progesterone so what happens is in your ovaries your ovaries begin to produce that little ovum that's going to be the egg for fertility it produces them and it produces them in a in a cell that slowly swells with fluid and as soon as your estrogen and progesterone switch around day 14 of your of your cycle that uh um little egg that little cyst should burst and release the egg that gets you then gets picked up and you're able to get pregnant if you're trying to but under the influence of testosterone that cell that that little cyst builds up and builds up and it never pops so every month you get another cyst forming and that's where the label polycystic multiple cysts of the ovary comes from so you when you ultrasound those people's ovaries you've got multiple cysts and that's a testosterone effect and it is a hyperinsulinemia effect and it is an effect of chronic excessive carbohydrate consumption so if you've got pcos as a young girl um as a woman not trying to be pre trying to get pregnant or a young woman who's trying to get pregnant you've got all the time in the world you've maybe got a decade to get rid of your pcos absolutely go on a kilo carnival diet get rid of the carbohydrates and over the course of two to five years your pcos will go away in fact the commonest problem we see in our practice in fertile females with pcos is unexpected pregnancy in the year or two after they go on a ketogenic diet because their pcos goes away they don't socially distance from sperm and that sperm leaps into them because they never have sex of course that sperm leaps into them and boom they're pregnant so we always have the contraception discussion and then three months later with the same group of people we have the bump discussion so that is crucial if you've got pcos is to get rid of carbohydrates and most gynecologists don't understand that they equate pco with pcos with excess yes they're associated but they're not causal having said that if you are already seeing an ivf doctor if you desperately want to get pregnant and you have pcos and you're overweight i review a lot of of of scientific papers and one of the scientific papers i've just reviewed that i think is about to be published is an excellent excellent paper look to the group of women with pcos who were in ivf programs who had bariatric surgery had obesity surgery whether it was a bypass and i i don't advocate for a bypass no no no but a sleeve a band or a intra intragastric balloon and i favor the intragastric balloon the band and then the sleeve in that ratio because usually those people are overweight as well but if you have pcos you've struggled to get pregnant you're in an ivf program particularly when you're spending tens of thousands of dollars on your fertility consider bariatric surgery or consider an intragastric balloon because it radically accelerates your weight loss radically helps you to deal with your carbohydrate addiction especially in the program such as ours and i'm not trying to promote what i do on the bariatric surgery side we have seen statistically massively positive results in patients with pcos in an infertility program who give up the carbohydrates and have bariatric surgery it is your single best shot at a successful pregnancy so if you want to talk about it at least if you want to discuss it further give us a shout 561-517-0642 we do consult all over the world and we don't have to be the people doing the surgery but i'm not a huge advocate of surgery unless it's absolutely necessary and this is one of those conditions where the statistics the science the biology absolutely support the benefit of surgery not as an alternative but as an adjunct if you are older or struggling to get pregnant and are desperate for that pregnancy if you've got time don't have the surgery consider it but it's not necessary the ketogenic way of life is but if you don't have time if you want to have that baby sooner than later and you struggling with pcos consider surgery up front in in conjunction with a ketogenic diet if we can help to flesh this out and i'm going to get a lot of arguments against this but we also understand from all the patients we see from these ivf doctors how desperate these women are and how narrow that time frame is if you're in your 40s if you struggling if your husband's older and you have pcos don't discount come and explore the options come and at least hear what we have to say you don't have to you don't have to pull the trigger on this and if you're objective if you're uninvolved in this do not get critical you don't understand how important getting pregnant is for this group of women and i'm not trying to prey on you i'm trying to help you consider bariatric surgery give us a shout 561-517-0642 and we can at least discuss the options even if you're not interested in surgery we can definitely help you to understand this from a chronic excessive carbohydrate perspective rather than a weight loss perspective because most gynecologists target weight rather than carbohydrates and of course if you're hyperinsulinemic you're going to become enormous but you're also going to have pcos the problem is not the obesity the problem is the relationship with sugar i hope this helps i am the carb addiction doc i am a ketogenically focused addiction specialist who also does surgery give us a call you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jessicaquianque4684 [14 likes]: You just healed my Pcos. It's been 1 week and a half that I tried keto. My symptoms of Pcos acne hair loss immediately stoped. Thank you!!
  2. @TheNicolls [14 likes]: Can you talk about endometriosis? I'm considering going carnivore to help my Endo
  3. @Jawaheraziz89 [13 likes]: Hello dr. Cywes,
If you could make a video about endometriosis and carnivore diet? I think a lot of women have been through the horrible pain of endometriosis not knowing what to do.. and if carnivore diet could help please.
  4. @josephshawa [2 likes]: Shove indicates an ACTIVE process. Is ATP used to "SHOVE" the sugar into the cells?  Words are important.
  5. @violetpurple6191 [1 likes]: Dr. Cywes these are life saving videos. You are unique in your willingness to explain complex scientific ideas to a lay person. I wish you had more books/products for sale since thankfully I don't need surgery.
  6. @BillyWhitehouse [1 likes]: Which one of Dr. Cyrus’s videos talks about the benefits of carnivore/keto and easing the pain and suffering during menstruation?
  7. @aniapietruszczak9684 [1 likes]: Thank you. I'm mad at doctors that don't know about this and treat it with pills when it doesn't work. Too late for me. Sad.
  8. @brina.98 [1 likes]: Ok but what if you are following a keto diet and got hypothalamic amenorrhea? Resuming carbs consumption is essential for recovery
  9. @ashababy4414 [1 likes]: Watching after a cheat keto meal


OH lord have a mercy
  10. @MsOrangekoolaid [1 likes]: What about women like me with pcos who are thin, have no hirsutism or other physical signs of pcos, high estrogen, normal progesterone and normal androgens, with normal length periods their whole life. But have the classic cystic pcos ovaries? Would keto help them conceive? I also have endo, is keto okay for that as well? I’m 32 with 7 years infertility. Thanks.
  11. @Yellowww123: And for women who are overweight and infertile but not pcos?
  12. @texaslovelylady: My mother had gastric bypass surgery years ago. (Maybe 18 years ago) She's 74 now with Alzheimer's and Vascular Dementia...I have her on Keto Chow. 

She doesn't understand total volume of the cup consumption limit, which created food adversion. 

Any suggestions or recommendations?
  13. @Ironkitten83: People an endroconologist to manage your PCOS instead of a OBGYN. Don’t rely on the university of you tube and google.
  14. @snaxximan5737: Call me crazy but every male human being cannot get pregnant.
  15. @TheKatieBoBatie: The sperm/socially distance joke literally made me lol 10/10
  16. @norahfarooq8681: Dear Dr Cywes, you have consistently put out  such relevant  information . Thank you so much for what you do and the care you have for us all
  17. @sunlight00: WE WANT GREEK SUBS !!!!!
  18. @henedenevanderwatt7296: Thank you sooo much!! Gonna share this video as far as I go!!!!
  19. @maryguttman4910: Thank you for the most enlightening presentation. I so wish this information was commonly available 40+ years ago. Very much enjoy and learn from all your blogs.
  20. @monica79822: Because I don't have my ovaries anymore, I often wonder how it affects my keto lifestyle and weight loss goal, I didn't understand PCOS until now, I hear that many women have PCOS> Thank You for the education.

- Why Hormones Matter on Keto | The Keto Diet Podcast Ep 120 with Jessica Ash: Kind: captions Language: en hey you you're listening to episode 120 of the keto diet podcast today we're chatting about the most powerful hormone in your body signs of hormone imbalance on keto including cortisol progesterone estrogen the importance of getting a period and ovulation intermittent fastings effects on your hormones birth control and so much more if you have questions about today's content you can head on over to healthful pursuit. comom cont and ask me the podcast extras and transcript can be found at healthful pursuit. c/p podcast e120 that's where we include all the links and juicy details from today's episode okay let's do this thing you're listening to the keto diet podcast and in case you missed it my 12-week ketogenic video training program for women happy keto body is open for registration but only until January 17th 2019 at 11:59 p.m. Pacific you can get more details by going to happy KOB body.com when you discover the perfect for you Keto Plan using happy keto body it makes all the difference between struggling feeling frustrated and falling off the wagon or overcoming your frustrations and imbalances to finally get the healthy sexy body you want even if you've struggled with weight hormone imbalances or specific Health diagnosis even if your menopausal postmenopausal per menopausal happy keto body is for every woman who wants to take control of her health Health kick her cravings and finally feel amazing in her body you can get more details at happy KOB body.com and I'm super excited to see you on the inside now on to the [Music] show our guest today is Jessica Ash who is a SoCal based functional clinical nutritionist health coach who specializes in female hormones gut health anti-aging and Metabolism just 5 years ago she was suffering from symptoms of PCOS and three autoimmune diseases on a daily basis Flash Forward to now she is healthier than ever and has transitioned her Focus away from her own healing journey to help hundreds of women change their mindset about their body and hack their hormones so they can finally ditch their symptoms and live their life on fire Jessica shares daily videos resources on her Instagram and blog Jessica aswell us.com okay hey let's cut to this interview hey Jessica how's it going good good how are you doing I'm so good thanks for coming on the show and hanging out with me thanks for having me you're the coolest oh jeez that's awesome I will take that happily um I like to start off every episode by asking our guests what does keto mean to you you know I always say that keto to me is so much more than just the food it's about kind of being satisfied and nourished and fulfilled in a world that tells women that we're really not allowed to be those things like if we want to have a healthy body we have to restrict and we have to eat bunny food and we can't eat that fatty piece of steak because that's not what women do and so for me it's about kind of breaking the rules and allowing myself to be nourished in a world that maybe tells me I'm not allowed I love that nobody has answered the question like that and I think it's just so beautiful so thank you so much for thinking about it and answering with honesty that's really cool okay so I want to chat with you all about hormones on keto why hormones matter because I think you know it's the new year it's January people are really excited to try this new diet called the keto diet yeah jump head first I you know I'm gonna go to the store I'm gonna get all the bacon and the butter and the what else do you eat when you start keto that maybe heavy whipping cream heavy whipping cream yes thank you and then they you know by January 13th now maybe they're coming across some like issues and maybe they stopped losing weight or maybe they're dealing with headaches and they're like what's going on and specifically women are watching their significant others or their you know men in their lives and thinking well how come he's able to do it so much easier than me right what role do hormones play on our ketogenic diet you know hormones are everything because hormones are just Messengers that our brain uses to tell our cells what to do and so you know we have this HPA axis the HPT axis and the hpo axis which stands for hypothalamus pituitary which is in our brain and it's telling our adrenals our thyroid and our ovaries what to do constantly so it's taking in our environment our fuel uh so what we're eating our nutrition um our exercise our stress emotional and physical and it's telling our endocrine glands what to do and so that could either work for us or work very much against us and you know we have to be very careful as to how our diet specifically our diet affects these hormones and it's really our brain that's running the show so our brain's taking in that environment and telling our hormones what to do and I think a lot of us downplay how important these hormones are and how food can influence them because I know I've met with a lot of endocrinologists over the years especially when I was dealing with a lack of period and they said well as long as you have a certain amount of body fat it's just like it'll just figure itself out but would you agree that the types of foods that you eat and how you eat them dictate how your hormones will um balance out or not balance out absolutely because certain factors affect our hormones things like inflammation our gut bacteria so you know what our microbiome and the bacteria in our digestive system is actually coming in contact with is going to greatly affect our hormones as a whole also you know liver detoxification plays a huge role in our ability to lose weight and be in ketosis so if we're not eating enough nutrients or we're not eating enough greens to kind of help that detoxification happen and help our body carry out the different chemicals we're exposed to on a daily basis toxins old hormones our liver detoxifies us from old hormones then we are going to have a harder time losing weight you know we're gonna have a harder time on the diet and we're GNA have a harder time feeling good and like you said you know your doctor said well as long as you have a certain amount of body fat percentage you'll get your period back but I find that so many women have gained the weight back that they were told they need to gain back and O the period doesn't show up so why is that occurring well the brain is still registering stress whether it's from the nutrition whether it's from insulin resistance that plays a huge role in how our brain kind of interprets stress and or you know liver detoxification are are we exposed to too many chemicals from either our diet or our environment and these same women who are having all this stress are coming to me and saying well no matter how hard I eat keto my ketones are like nonexistent what's happening and I'm like your cortisol and the connection between cortisol and your ketones can we chat a little bit about that absolutely so cortisol is a stress hormone and it's what's turned on with with our stress response and that again that has to do with our HPA axis if anyone's ever heard of the term adrenal fatigue that's your adrenals don't fatigue your brain and your adrenals kind of cut off some kind of signal so your brain is telling your adrenals hey make more cortisol and your cells are becoming resistant to cortisol either due to inflammation and or some other some other reason usually insulin resistance plays a huge role and so it's important for women to realize that if you're under stress whether that stress is eating too little or over ex exercising or not sleeping or intermittent fasting too hard and too long all of those things tell your brain you're starving you're under stress uh from your environment they don't know your brain doesn't know if you're running from angry bear or you're being hunted your brain just says stress stress stress stress and so do you think that your body's going to burn fat when it might need fuel to protect your vital organs and to keep you alive when you're running from an angry bear no you're not going to be efficient at burning fat at all yeah completely that's such a great way of explaining it back to today's episode in a sec Today's Show is brought to you by Everly well sometimes we can spend a lot of time doing the right things and get super frustrated when things don't go the way we've planned this is because there's a lot going on inside our bodies that we just don't know about like inflammation allergies B vitamin irregularities so many things like did you know if your cortisol is just a little bit too high it can impact how you lose weight and if you're free T3 a thyroid hormone is too low it can directly impact your metabolism it can be challenging to find a doctor who will order the right test so that we can determine what little tweaks we can make to our lifestyle to support ourselves to balance this is why I love Everly well they're an atome collection service with the prick of a finger you can test your hormones food sensitivities B vitamin levels the strength of your metabolism and so much more these tests are remarkably easy to do you order the kit it arrives in the mail you prick your finger like you would testing your ketones drip the blood sample on the piece of paper send it in and voila your results are delivered to you on their secure platform in just days you can use the coupon code keto all incaps at healthful pursuit. comom slw for 15% off your order unsure of the link simply check out Today's Show notes for all the Deeds okay back to today's episode so women listening right now that are like o they're talking about some really juicy things how do I know if hormones are stopping me from being awesome like just an imbalance rather hormones will make you awesome but if they're imbalanced how are they going to um influence that so what are some signs that people have hormone imbalance yeah it really depends on what's going on so when it comes to cortisol or the stress response usually that's going to manifest itself in lots and lots of belly fat it's very hard to lose weight you're going to have high fasting glucose you're going to have a really hard time getting into ketosis because your glucose is always going to be high one of the purposes of cortisol is actually to raise blood sugar so your cells have enough energy to ex in a state of stress uh the next thing is if your thyroid is imbalance so you know T3 T4 those hormones are really important for metabolic function your thyroid is actually the temperature regulator of the body and it regulates how slow or fast your metabolism will be depending on the state of stress so remember I mentioned that HPT axis the brain's telling the thyroid hey slow things down or speed things up based on your stressors and if you are under stress your thyroid needs to slow the metabolism down in order to save fuel for the future then we have our sex hormones progesterone and estradi or estrogen run the show when it comes to women and these hormones are so amazing when they're in balance and we're making enough of them but when we are not or when we have too much estrogen in relation to Progesterone we we don't feel like ourselves and we will have a very difficult time losing weight I mean as estrogen plays a huge role in how we distribute fat so too much estrogen in the body can actually make us make more fat cells estrogen but proper levels of estrogen keep us sensitive to insulin um estrogen also fights inflammation so we want good levels of estrogen but too much actually inflames us and makes us more resistant to insulin so estrogen is kind of this hormone that when we have too little we feel like we're going crazy we might have low libido might get some headaches we might just not feel very invigorated with life but when we have too much the biggest thing that that starts to manifest is during our periods we have horrible PMS we have Painful crampy periods because estrogen's main role is to actually thicken the uterine lining and so when we have too much we'll be crampy we'll be crabby we'll be irritable and we will have a lot of weight gain around our hips and thighs then we have progesterone which that is my favorite hormone my favorite sex hormone oh gosh I love progesterone oh give me all the progesterone so progesterone is like the yin to estrogen's Yang and when they're IM balance when you have enough progesterone it keeps estrogen in check and it thins the uterine lining it gives you better periods it helps you sleep at night it helps with anxiety so when women come to me and they're like I have so much anxiety I'm like are you ovulating are you making progesterone um but the biggest thing is it stimulates the thyroid and so if you have thyroid problems or slow thyroid check the progesterone levels because that sex hormone is what's responsible for stimulating the thyroid from Days 14 to 28 of your cycle progesterone changed my life like me too oh progesterone and I still have to supplement with it with a bioidentical because I just I can't it's just once you once you pop the fun don't stop I can't not take it I feel the same way and for for whatever reason my body doesn't make enough and so that bioidentical boost really just makes me feel like a different woman oh me too and my husband can even tell when I haven't taken it like that part of my cycle days I think I take it days 14 to 25 with a break in between and he can tell if I if I wait a little longer he's like did you take your progesterone I'm like oh my gosh I didn't do it that's so funny he's like you're you're human progesterone detector exactly so when it comes to the manipulation of hormones and moving things about and just understanding what our levels are at we've talked about stress we've talked about the influence of nutrition on them where does movement or exercise come into all this because oftentimes if women are you know I don't want to put a blanket statement but most women listening have had some sort of relationship with exercise in the past whether it be a positive relationship or a not so positive relationship how does movement influence our hormones either negatively or positively yeah that's a great question so movement is good however people need to recognize that too much movement or too much exercise is a stressor on the body now I'm not saying stressors are all bad but if you're already in a very fragile state with your hormones whether you have high cortisol or low progesterone or you're just transitioning to a higher fat lower carb diet so there's you know there's a little transition period there with high cortisol you pushing yourself in the gym harder is not smarter you know you want to be smart but you don't want to be exercising too hard and there's a fine line for every woman every woman's a little different I mean if you were an athlete in high school you probably have a lot higher of a tolerance for exercise than someone who is sedentary their whole life but the minute you start to not recover well from exercise start to lose your hair start to store stubborn belly fat that's probably a sign that you you've gone to far and many women that I work with they are very surprised at how little exercise they do well with so instead of the five to six hit sessions for an hour and a half it's more like two or three a week maybe and then the rest of the time it's walking yoga Pilates gentle movement yeah I'm I'm one of those ladies I thrive so much more just like busting it hard maybe once a week I find once a week is just enough for me and anything more than that even last year when I I was still recovering it had been uh five to six seven seven eight so like a year and a half from getting my period back and um overcoming a Manara I was having a period things were going well my hormones look great I went back to the gym and started working out three days a week I lost my period again wow isn't that crazy how our body just talks to us very quickly yeah and okay so I didn't even think about asking you this and maybe I should because I get this question all the time the period so many women are like man how great was it that you didn't have a period for eight years I would that yes so I think that women and our culture has a big part to play in this they treat the period like oh it's so bad just plug it up and suck it up and move on with your day not realizing like hey your mental cycle is happening 28 days monthly until you go through menopause from puberty to menopause you're constantly a cycling woman and if you're not that is a sign that a very deep in balance and a lot of things that women or a lot of times women don't realize that if you're not cycling if you're not ovulating you're not making any progesterone you cannot make progesterone if you're not having a cycle if you're not ovulating and so if you want that good anti-aging anti-androgenic anti-inflammatory thyroid stimulating progesterone you've got to be cycling you have to be ovulating specifically so that plays a huge role in your overall health and if you're not ovulating for a long period of time you're going to have more inflammation in the body you're going to be more insulin resistant because the more the cells are inflamed the more insulin resistant you become and you're not going to feel very good your hair your skin your nails all that good stuff will also suffer as well you've sold me I want all of the progesterone yeah me too yeah right okay so let's bust through um intermittent fasting because intermittent fasting is something that I um realized very quickly in my ketogenic process and discovering how keto fit well in my body that fasting for prolonged periods of time did not help my hormones right what are your thoughts on that you know I don't want to I want to preface this by saying fasting is not bad however I do not like when women are treated like little men we are completely different on a metabolic level because we have completely different hormones running the show and so what we have to understand that even if our personal purpose is not creating a baby like I'm not saying that that has to be your ultimate goal in life your biological purpose your body's whole deal is like I need to reproduce at all times and if you're not fertile if you're not ovulating if you're not having a period you can't reproduce and that is stressful to your body in itself so so the female body because its whole goal is to make a baby and be able to sustain a pregnancy if it's very sensitive to signals of starvation it it turns on the stress response immediately when it's when it feels like it's starving the hypothalamus is very sensitive to that stress response and so intermittent fasting there's a fine line it can go from being metabolically helpful and helping you combat insulin resistance and and regain insulin sensitivity into just an absolute stressor for the body I hope you're totally digging this episode I love putting these together every week and and I hope you're getting something out of it I love seeing where you're listening from so next time you're listening or even right now take a picture of yourself watching the show or a screenshot of your favorite episode and tag me on Instagram healthful Pursuit and if social isn't your thing that's totally fine just jump on your favorite podcast player and leave a review for the show okay back to the good stuff so beautiful and what do you feel about um or rather how do you feel about incorporating like fatty coffees or like um fat bombs or something during a fast so it's not like you're just drinking water or pounding Diet Coke which I'm sure you've seen to that people drink diet coke while don't remind me but um of incorporating a fatty coffee I do a rocket fuel latte I find like my hormones respond really well to that or what what you see in your practice yeah I definitely think that if you're going to go the fasting route you've got to do something to sustain your fast or hack your fast so I mean when you drink fat you're technically not fasting anymore however you're still getting a lot of the metabolic benefits and you're kind of cooling that stress response now for any woman that's struggling with like sleeplessness or anxiety or a loss of a period or OV or loss of ovulation or acne can come from intermittent fasting I would recommend intermittent fasting no longer than 12 hours maybe 14 hours and then don't do caffeine on top of it like ca during a during a fast your cortisol is already high so if you're going to do a fatty coffee make a decaf or make it some kind of tea like herbal tea but please don't pound caffeine on top of having high cortisol levels while you're fasting how have we not met yet I don't know are we not best friends what the heck this is amazing yes I agree with you okay good good because you know it's and it's hard it's hard to say because so many women come to me and they're like I'm in a minute fasting and I feel on top of the world Jessica like my brain is super clear and I feel incredible like I can do anything they're like oh I fasted like 3 P.M 4 P.M I feel great and I'm like yeah because cortisol makes you have lots of energy it makes you feel like you're on top of the world and Unstoppable and it makes you more androgenic so when your adrenals are pumping out cortisol they're usually pumping out some dhaa which is the adrenals androgenic hormone and so you're going to kind of transition to more of a masculine type of Personality while cortisol while your adrenals are overworking you're gonna feel like boom I'm gonna get this done and this done and this done that doesn't necessarily mean that your hormones are balanced if anything that could mean the opposite yes yep just take it away I'll just let cyclical ketosis that's another piece um to the keto puzzle when it comes to hormones and when I started incorporating a cyclical practice to my ketogenic diet um for those of you who don't know what it is basically my practice is you eat keto most of the time and sometimes at dinner you swap the fat for carbohydrates and I don't mean pounding Cherry turnovers or eating cupcakes or ice cream or anything like that it's like have a sweet potato with dinner um and that has benefited my hormones and so many of my clients what are your thoughts and do you incorporate cyclical practices into your approach yeah yeah I actually think that carbs are our friends in the right amount and the right delivery and it really depends on the person like how active you are and a million different factors you know how your adrenals are but I think that incorporating carbs at least three times a week can be so helpful especially during certain phases of our cycle during during certain times of the month we have a higher need for carbohydr rates and when we don't incorporate carbohydrates the one of the biggest things for me is when women come to me and they've been doing strict keto for six months to a year they're really starting to feel like a deflated balloon and that's that was me too and it was kind of like what's going on I started to see the pattern and I started to dig into how how do you incorporate carb UPS now most people were doing carb UPS by like pounding carbs for a day they're like all the bread and all the donuts and I that was counterintuitive to me but I thought hey why don't I just eat a sweet potato when I feel like eating a sweet potato and that usually came around like two or three times a week when I'm active more than that and I started to see a return in like my vitality and I just felt better and sure enough later on I learned that carbs affect the hypothalamus they tell our brain that we're satisfied and we're full and we have enough fuel if we're strictly and I I know that there there are applications for a strict lowfat diet especially if you have a damaged metabolism or you have certain cancers I I totally understand that but for the the average woman who's just trying to lose that 10 to 15 pounds and get her hormones more balanced a strict keto approach is probably not her best bet it's so much better to strategically use carbs to tell your brain hey I'm safe I'm good I can create all those fertility hormones and feel balanced and fulfilled yes yes to everything you said I totally agree with you that safety factor is so important um of just like yep we're safe continue on and just incorporating like it's not a lot I mean I'll never forget I think I was in Edmonton Alberta at a book signing and I introduced the concept of cyclical ketosis and there was this lady sitting on the floor and she was cross-legged and then I said you know like you could put an apple on your salad and then her eyes got really big and then after she was like I've been craving apples for four months and I haven't had an apple and I started keto months ago and I just I think I'm just gonna go home and just and I'm just gonna make a salad with an apple on it and I was like yes yes I I'm so glad you brought up that point because I think adding carb UPS can also make us feel a lot less restricted I would say like women's Brains are so powerful and how we think we're so powerful and one of the underground struggles I call it because a lot of women are ashamed of it is that on keto women are not only food obsessed but they're binging uh they're binging ing on carbs whether it's once a week once a month once a year they uncontrollably start to binge on carbs and the reason for that is the brain will override the body eventually and so instead of being this food obsessed carb obsessed woman why don't you just give your body what it's crying out for in a more controlled manner you're going to feel more fulfilled you're going to feel more satisfied and you're not going to be obsessed with carbs and and you're not going to have to binge on that whole loaf of bread you're going to just eat an apple like a couple times a week ah not an apple there are much worse things you know when I get really stressed out because it still happens sometimes where I fall back into diet patterns and I catch myself and I'm like Leanne it's not heroin you'll be fine right it's as addictive as cocaine lean it's so true back to today's sec some people choose to do plant-based KET others do carnivore based keto and I'd like to think I'm somewhere in the middle loving meat and plants I thrive on the right kind of animal protein protein from healthy animals animals that get treated fairly have happy lives on pasture and are raised ethically this is why I choose to eat grass-fed and finished beef Freer range chicken Heritage bread pork and wild fish I'm so happy I can get these options from butcherbox a meat Subscription Service I've used since 2016 listeners of the show get 2 lbs of free Wild Alaskan socky salmon this month all you have to do to claim your free salmon is go to butcherbox.com ketodiet between now and January 31st 2019 order a box and get your 2 lbs of free wild Alaskan sck salmon at ketodiet okay back to today's episode Switching gears just a little bit I'd love to chat a little bit about birth control starting with the role that it played in in your health and your story with birth control yeah this is one of my favorite topics thanks for asking so so for people that don't know I was diagnosed with three autoimmune diseases and polycystic ovarian syndrome just over four years ago uh but before that I was struggling with a myriad of Health it was like a mystery illness um and I had and I didn't really make the connection for a while there so until I started kind of digging into my health but when I was 15 or 16 I was already struggling with hormonal issues already having some health issues digestive problems mainly and the doctor's only fix was hey to regulate your periods you need to go on birth control like that's just the way that they do it and I was like okay yeah that that sounds fine because I was having really bad periods and it was like okay I'm just gonna do it just because I was 16 who wants a period at 16 so I go on the pill and I was on it for about two years and then when I turned 18 I just started getting a little bit more interested in nutrition and I started saying like hm why am I taking this pill every day I kind of forget and so without know knowing anything about it I just stopped taking it and didn't even think one thing about it was just like I don't need this anymore whatever so six months goes by and here I am 40 pounds heavier nothing changed I gained 40 pounds I had cystic acne all over my face and my back my hair was falling out in chunks uh I had this weird ache all over my body I was was depressed I had severe anxiety and I got to the point where I uh couldn't get through the day without taking about a three to four hour nap I was so fatigued so weak so tired and the doctors kept telling me your tests look normal and I was even told that you know this is just what happens when you get old and I was like that that was one of them I mean another person or another doctor told me hey you need to go see a psychiatrist ASAP but my favorite was hey you're just getting old you know this is what happens when you get old and I thought to myself wow if this is what like an adult experiences now I know why people say it sucks to be an adult like this sucks and you're so young still right I was 18 and I was thinking what so for a year that's what I thought like I was just like this is what getting old feels like all the while my inflammation is progressing I'm getting worse and worse I got to the point where I had to actually plan my trips up and down the stairs so I couldn't climb up and down the stairs multiple times a day it was too much work so I would be like okay I would write down a list of I need to get water when I go downstairs I need to sharpen my pencils because I was in college at the time and so I was like okay these are all the thing I need to get a snack and I would plan my trips up and down the stairs because for me that was almost too much work I would keep it till like two or three trips up and down the stairs plus I was depressed so I barely wanted to leave the bed anyways but eventually I found a doctor that said uh I don't think this is normal functional medicine doctor she ran all the tests and I finally found a diagnosis which for me was so inspiring because I was like finally someone is acknowledging that there's something wrong with me and i' had already been doing all the research like I knew I had an autoimmune disease and I knew I had polycystic ovarian syndrome I just couldn't find a doctor to run the test and so by that time I was already starting to dig into what do I do about this and that's kind of when I discovered that was when paleo was becoming really popular so I discovered paleo and I discovered stories but for me paleo helped me a little bit but it didn't help me a lot and so here I was trying to eat all this high quality food and for some reason it wasn't budging the weight wasn't budging how I felt really didn't get much better and so naturally I started to transition over to a more high fat low carb style of eating because I didn't tolerate carbs well just rice sweet potatoes digestive wise this was before I even knew what keto was I was just kind of intuitively eating high fat low carb and then I discovered Dr Terry walls walls protocol and she was talking about the Paleo plus protocol which is pretty much keto and that was the first time I ever heard like oh a high fat low carb diet is used for healing like this is just what I've been doing and so I just kept doing it and then I you know I started to change my lifestyle as well obviously lowering stress and sleeping more and taking the right supplements I mean healing is like an onion it's layers and layers and layers um and bioidentical hormones really helped me I I didn't really make very much progesterone after I went off the pill my body never really learned how to cycle properly so unfortunately I will probably always have to take bioidentical progesterone even though I'm in my early 20s so it's kind of just like that's what it is like it it is what it is but I'm so glad because it taught me the power of real food and real living yeah oh my gosh that's such an amazing story and it's interesting to hear just you know I interview so many people and really the Catalyst for change is when they're really frustrated and they realize if this is going to solve itself I need to take my health into my own hands and how cool is it now that you're teaching other women how to do the same for their own health so thank you for putting your work out there oh thank you you're you're one of the ones that has inspired me so much so I'm thankful for you oh wow oh that makes me so happy thank you so much so when it comes to birth control control you know my story is well I went on birth control because uh what was oh I was dealing with acne I'd been on acutane for two rounds and Accutane I don't know if you've ever heard of it it's horrible like your skin so dry um it's like massive doses of vitamin A and it just it wasn't great so when my dermatologist said do you want to go on acutane a third time I'm like no thanks like no I'm not doing that and he said well why why don't we put you on a lowd dose birth control and that was the beginning of just craziness and I think there's a huge misconception and I hope my sister is listening to this episode because I have talked to her about this so many times and she doesn't believe me she says that she's regular because she takes birth control and there's nothing wrong with her hormones thoughts because I know that a lot of people think I'm on birth control I get perfect periods I don't have problems what are your thoughts on that yeah so it's so funny I just made a post on Instagram yesterday that was a pill bleed is not a period this is why I'm asking you I that I was like yes we have to talk about this yeah no I I'll start by kind of telling you what birth control is or just kind of summarizing it really quick cliffnotes version but it's a synthetic cocktail of fake estrogen and fake progesterone also called progestin that suppresses your own ability to make your own hormones so the whole point of the pill is to suppress you from ovulating so that you don't get pregnant you don't drop an egg and therefore it can't be for FZ because there's no egg to fertilize and it kind of cuts off that hpo AIS that I talked about that hypothalamus pituitary ovarian axis your brain is no longer talking to your ovaries and so a pill bleed is not a real period it was actually introduced in the 1950s they made it kind of mimic your natural period because contraception was illegal in the 1950s and so they had to prescribe the pill under this kind of cover story that was it's for female issues use it's for regulating the menstrual cycle which no it's actually a synthetically induced bleed all you do that day 21 of your hormonal birth control pill there's no hormones anymore they kind of withdraw you from those hormones so it forces your uterine lining to shed to look like a regular period it's nothing like a regular period it's just a pharmaceutically induced bleed every 28 days there's no medically necessary reason for you to bleed you could bleed every 56 days every 100 days it wouldn't matter it would just be that they would set it up that way they've set it up this every 28 day bleed but it's not an actual period so why would women not want this well if you're not ovulating you're not creating progesterone you're not creating your own estrad either which like we talked about is responsible for regulating our metabolism stimulating our thyroid but many other things like protecting us from something called cancer uh protecting us from Strokes blood clots high blood pressure we need these hormones to protect our cell and over time the birth control pill does a few different things and this is what women are not informed and I I always tell women I Am pro you not anti-birth control I just want you to be able to make an informed decision and I come in contact with hundreds of women who tell me I had no idea no idea because my doctor was told that this just helps regulate periods no it actually stops your period it stops you from cycling all together and when you're not ovulating you're not making your own hormones and therefore you're not getting the benefits of your own estradi or your own progesterone and that can be scary long term beautifully said Jessica and what do you feel like is missing from the keto space right now that you you wish there was just more of that's a really good question uh I wish that like I said before I wish that women would stop being treated like little men like oh you're not having period oh it's it's it's should be fine like oh uh it's cool you know because that is what men don't really even understand the importance of a cycle or how bad a period can be or how good ovulation can be and so I wish in this space there would be more just research done and more things geared more towards women because remember our hormones are at a different level at all times of the month so when we're menstruating our estrogen and progesterone is really low so we're way more insulin resistant during that time and then during like the ludal phase which is the week before our period we have a higher need for carbohydrates because our body is preparing for that potential pregnancy we just might have gotten an egg fertilized and so the body is very sensitive to stress signals because it may be pregnant and so you're gonna have more carbohydrate needs and Cravings during that ludal phase and I don't like when a man says oh you're just being weak or oh carb Cravings are bad maybe for you but not for me because I have a completely different body a completely different biological purpose than you yes drop the mic oh my gosh Jessica where can people find more from you they can find me I'm mostly active on Instagram I try to do some kind of informational video every day at Jessica Ash Wellness um I also have a Blog where I kind of do blog posts but I more create resource guides that are downloadable so that people can actually print them out or download them onto their computer and have them in their hands so they can remember put them on their fridge their bathroom mirror things like that amazing well include all those links in the show notes thank you so much for coming on the show today thank you for having me lean you're the best so we just spent roughly 36 is minutes of dedicated time really focusing on a single keto topic and you might already feel a lift in your confidence maybe a renewed sense of I've got this or if you're new maybe you're starting to see that with the right guidance you can conquer your cravings balance your hormones take back your health and really start to thrive in your own body but what about all the questions you still have like how many carbs should I be eating how can I be sure I'm hitting the right macros for me should I be fasting what's the right fasting protocol for me is keto really safe and with all the differing opinions out there how can I really know and ultimately it all comes down to this how can you totally rock your fat burn and life from every angle so that you're equipped to be the one making the decisions about your body and about your diet your family and friends aren't deciding for you your Cravings aren't deciding for you and for the Love of All Things rational and sensible the Internet isn't deciding for you anymore instead you can be the one who is the go-to for other people when they're thinking about trying this keto thing for themselves if answers to all those questions plus support and advice from me and Dr Nina plus a community of amazing keto sisters all on this journey with you sounds like something you can really dig into Happy keto body my 12we online video training program for women is open again for registration you can head on over to happy KOB body.com to register today and I'm so excited about the updates we've made since last time we've heard feedback from members and we listened we've added new topics expanded resources there's literally something for everyone inside this program even if you have special life circumstances or heal and balances even if you feel pretty confident on keto already this program is jam-packed with resources to give you more confidence and help you get better results with your keto lifestyle you can go to happy KOB body.com to register before spaces fill up

  Top Comments:
  1. @Joannabanana1989 [1 likes]: This was my favorite episode! I loved Jessica!
  2. @Nebulana78 [1 likes]: Interesting about progesterone.  I'm on estrogen, but don't take progesterone.  Definitely going to look into a bioidentical to see if that might help with my thyroid, because I'm hypo(I'll also talk to my doctor about it at my physical soon).
  3. @kathyh4804: I always told my friends (up to my 40s) I’d rather have a period every month my whole life than menopause! I saw too many friends gaining weight, losing hair, getting crazy in menopause! Well now I am ONE of them!!! Size 2 to 10!!! Doing nothing any different! Depressing! I had 4 children and stayed skinny now I’m NOT 😢
  4. @fathimar.harris3706: Hi Leanne. Great episode. Only question is regarding cycling with carbs, do you recommend the individual should be fat adapted first? Or would you suggest trying it even before being fat adapted?
  5. @crazeec1672: I've used Everlywell twice. Easy peasy. Found out my TSH is a little high, but t3, t4 and Tpo are normal.
  6. @shouston2497: Great info, yes we are not little men!
  7. @SioLazer: wow I needed to hear this
  8. @totallifehacker1781: Thos has been one of the most informative shows for women struggling with hormones and on keto.  Thank you so much!

- Keto and Your Hormones: What You Need to Know with Dr. Anna Cabeca: Kind: captions Language: en hello oh my goodness it is episode 349 of the keto diet podcast welcome welcome this is our last episode of the year oh i hope you had a nice christmas yesterday oh goodness i just i love christmas and we're not entirely sure what we're doing this year i'm recording this episode a couple weeks early so i can just like not work as much during the holiday season but we'll see how that goes it's always that i have that intention and i end up working so i hope you had a nice christmas and you have some nice things planned until the new year i always enjoy that time between christmas and new year's it's like so wonderful and you're with friends and family and all your eating patterns are different maybe you're taking this time right now to just like get outside go for a walk and just have some solo time good for you that's fantastic today we're chatting about hormones and keto and what you need to know to really support your hormones on your ketogenic diet this episode is with dr anna cabeca you guys can find links to her many resources in the show notes her website is dr anna cabeca.com she has products she has resources she has macro calculators and quizzes and oh my goodness it is just so good her website is so incredibly beautiful i love it so again it's dr anna cabeca.com she does great work i love a lot of her products so without further ado let's cut over to today's episode hey i'm leanne vogel and you're listening to the keto diet podcast i've put together a free 21-page guide on achieving weight loss on your keto diet if nothing is working as a little thank you for being here today grab your free guide at keto4women.com to get the steps you need to overcome the hurdles standing in your way [Music] hey dr anna how are you i am so good liam great to be here with you yeah i'm so glad we got to chat again it's always a blast talking and i always learn so much from you so thanks for coming on the show today thank you thank you and likewise i appreciate this oh cool okay so the first thing i like to ask all of our guests is what does keto mean to you ah keto means for me like i focus on ketosis i focus on like energized enlightenment that's what i focus on when i think ketosis burning fat for fuel having metal mental clarity and really like revving up our engine so that we function at a high performance level and especially as women as we get older the lack of brain clarity at least for me i don't know if anyone listening has ever experienced some brain fog some memory lapses anything like that is like one of the most devastating issues we deal with as women it causes you know us to lose some of our confidence and like well what the heck is going on plus it drives in a fear factor and so that brings in this concept of like it's just going to get worse from here but knowing like what we know about ketosis and that we can use ketones for fuel for the brain it just makes it and it just changes that dynamic completely and it's completely reversible we can get that clarity so for me when i think keto i just think total mental clarity energized enlightenment bright burning energy amazing beautiful answer and there's a lot of and i think it's definitely changing but there are a lot of misconceptions around keto actually being horrible for women's hormones and that they should never ever do it thoughts ah well great point you know and that's what and i was i was in that camp honestly and we've had this conversation i mean i was in that camp i was like oh my gosh you know like as a obgyn as a practitioner seeing patients and especially clients who've had seizure disorders we're on epileptic meds i'm like look we got to get you to do ketosis get you into ketosis and let's work on this but every time i try to do it let alone try to have my perimenopausal woman do it they would like you know be like man i just don't like myself and i'm like i'm feeling keto crazy right like i felt like it was you know it caused keto craziness like my neurotransmitters were upset and then it came to that point where in my discovery mode that at 48 hitting this menopause essentially really for the second time because i was diagnosed menopausal at age 38 premature ovarian failure permanent irreversible infertility and was told i would never be able to have another child and that was it i failed my ovaries didn't respond to the highest doses of injectable medications i was written off as as ovarian failures premature menopause at 38 so that's when i learned you know i work to reverse it through many of the things that i teach as a functional medicine provider detoxification and getting alkaline right and so here at 40 and that worked you know i mean i lost 80 pounds i was feeling you know just tremendously better 48 creeps up and the same thing that's happened to so many patients happened to me all of a sudden you're gaining five pounds and then it's 10 pounds and then it's 15 pounds and then like oh my god it's gonna keep creeping up and if anyone's lost weight and you start creeping up on that scale it's terrifying and so i was like wait a second i got to do this i'm i'm not doing anything different this is what my patients would say to me i'm not doing anything different dr anna but my weight keeps creeping up on the scale and i was like oh my gosh it's happening to me i'm like first i was really skeptical when my patients would say that i'm like oh yeah sure you're just not going out as much you're more sedentary you're not doing blah blah i know it was absolutely the truth despite not doing anything different the weight kept coming up so i'm like well let me revisit this ketogenic thing i mean i can do cranky to lose some weight for a little bit right and and i was like okay well what is going on here because definitely felt my hormones balance shift out so that's when i started checking my urine and i noted how acidic my urine had become and so i started getting more of the alkalinizing vegetables like kale and collards and chard and you know just all the cruciferous vegetables that are so important for female hormone detoxification and measuring to see how my body was responding by checking my urine you know i'm like test don't guess kind of person what gets measured gets managed you know those are two of my philosophy so i'm like okay well what's really working for me so as i recognize keto getting into ketosis for me meant huge amounts of acidity i had to reverse that with getting alkaline and then add in the ketosis and that just created exactly what i call energize enlightenment like the boom factor like ha ha wow you know like life is good and honestly a sense of peace and grounded and centeredness it's ideal physiology for us as women absolutely ideal physiology for us as women and i believe necessary at least 50 to 75 of the time in the menopause in the post-menopause because our hormones have shifted estrogen has declined and estrogen is necessary for gluconeogenesis in the brain for our brain to use either to glucose as fuel so we use either glucose as fuel in the brain or we use ketones well we you know using glucose having that continuously circulating in our system especially post menopause increases insulin resistance increases metabolic syndrome increases heart disease you know and hot flashes and the list you know the cancer dementia and the list goes on right we call alzheimer's type 3 diabetes so we want to really restrict circulating glucose not you know i think metabolic flexibility is probably because i'm a glutton but like i don't villainize really any food and i think metabolic flexibility is good so i'm like all in for periodic feasting so don't get me wrong i'm not like militant never have carbs and low glycemic alkalinizing carbs are absolutely necessary keeping that in balance with ketosis a ketogenic plan and program honestly is ideally anne what do you think yep that's over here right 100 yes like everything you just said yes in these crazy times we're stress and anxiety are at an all-time high you know i wonder if everyone in every generation has said that well there are many great natural supplements to support anxiety and stress the one that's helped me the most is cbd oil cbd has tons of other benefits as well such as sleep support clearing acne reducing inflammation and so much more by now everyone's heard of cbd oil while some people swear by it other people have not seen the results that they were hoping for and this bums me out big time that's where eaton hemp comes in their unfiltered usda certified organic full spectrum cbd oil is minimally processed and infused in their own hemp seed oil giving you the full entourage effect maximum absorption potency effectiveness which means results whether you place the tincture under your tongue or use a salve on sore muscles that's my personal favorite cbd can and should work for you and if it's not you're not using the right product not only does eaton provide one of the cleanest cbd products on the market today but they pride themselves on transparency eaton hemp is farmer owned and strongly believes in whole plant nutrition that's why they leave the cbd unfiltered so all the elements of the hemp plant can work in unison eden hemp is so confident in the results that their cbd will give you that they offer a full 30 day money back guarantee so if you aren't satisfied with their product they're going to refund you with no questions asked as a special podcast only offer you can save 25 on all eden hemp products and still get your full money back guarantee head on over to eatonhemp.com keto diet use a code keto diet at checkout again that's eatonhemp.com keto diet and use the code keto diet for off now you did mention alkalinity you were testing your urine acidity there's a lot of misconception around that can we dig a little bit deeper because i think it was around this time last year i did an interview with you for happy keto body and you were talking about acidity alkalinity and i was like really though like come on is that really accurate and your body wants to maintain a pretty level amount of alkalinity like is this really real and then i did a bunch of research turns out you were right and i adjusted how i taught this but can we talk a little bit more about that and why that's important because there's a lot of stuff going on right now in keto where there's the carnivore thing happening and people are eating all the meat and all the even just muscle meat and what are your thoughts on that yeah i would just really have to question that long term and and then here again men are different from women men can definitely do keto better than women right but women do keto alkaline that's what we need to go or keto green is how i call it you know i call it in my book and i think it's so important that you bring this up because you know we know men are different than women right no big surprise there so why can women not eat like men we're just not designed to we haven't evolved that way our hormones are different men are predominantly testosterone they're catabolic anyway right they're constantly rebuilding um they're anabolic anyway i'm sorry they're anabolic anyway so they're constantly rebuilding and testosterone and dhea are catabolic hormones so we need to think about that as you know like well they've got high levels of that so they're constantly designed to rebuild women we don't have those high levels of testosterone and dhea as a rule a fraction compared to men so there's other physiological differences but that's one big one and so the alkaline myth as it's been co called right i've heard that terminology and i'm like i am you know like we're not talking about blood ph blood ph is so str and this is this is arterial blood ph like blood gas ph right this is arterial blood preach not even venous blood ph our arterial blood ph is so highly controlled that's homeostasis that's how we live our body is designed to keep our blood ph approximately at 7.4 you know a little above little below man we are sick as dogs it's like our temperature 98.6 we go up to my daughter was at 99 yesterday she's like mommy i feel so bad i'm like i know it just feels so bad right our body is designed to keep us in a homeostatic state and peace right so how are we going to do that and this is where like it blows my mind that the alkaline myth people don't get this where are we how are we keeping our blood arterial ph so alkaline right 7.4 is alkaline above 7 is alkaline below 7 is acidic so how is our body able to do that if we don't give it the nutrients to do that bone muscle collagen cartilage i mean we are teeth people losing you know teeth on strict ketogenic programs as you know same thing with you know getting me started on bisphosphonates for women with osteoporosis same thing right so we can't we can't do that we got to know there's a balance like how do we support the yin and yang right how do we support this system and so so we don't we're not speaking about blood ph but really recognizing how are we keeping our blood ph so stable i mean that just makes perfect sense now there's research there is plenty of research over time in the one article that i found which was my aha moment putting alkalinity with ketosis even though i've been like a big alkaline gal in watching my patients get hormonally balanced through the decades i mean since 1990 so so when you know like i that that concept is that urine ph and the research shows there's many scientific studies that looked at urine ph and alkaline urine ph is associated with better longevity better quality of life lower metabolic syndrome so that means decreased diabetes decreased hypertension decreased heart disease so if we can do things through nourishing our body through our diet and our lifestyle because it's only 25 diet 75 lifestyle so if we can nourish our body in those ways to maintain an alkaline urinary ph i mean that's we know and we're measuring it and then it created the little urine test strips to measure urine ph and ketones because like let's put it all on one thing let's not have to use too many different things i'm kind of lazy that way so measure and and you're seeing that you're getting alkaline and you're feeling better and you know well man i just had a fight with my husband and i didn't do anything different i'm totally acidic well big surprise you just poured out a bunch of hormones to handle that angst and that's the hormones need nutrients right need minerals need enzymes need cofactors all that they have to get from somewhere so if we are able to maintain that urinary ph and measure it and you know that makes a big difference and there's plenty of research to look at that and salivary ph is good but i've just found that too variable and plus i'm going to look at urine ketones for the most part in urinary ph and so i just test at one time you know p on my keto ph urine test strips and easy an easy way to really like how am i doing and i'm so happy when it's red and green it's like christmas [Laughter] who doesn't love christmas i know right remember that time i had the guys on from formula episode 301 where we talked about our experiences with 80d and adhd and how big a game changer nootropics have been for us if you're struggling with your brain difficulty focusing unpredictable energy dips quick to get distracted you may benefit big time from taking nootropics as we have my favorite nootropics brand formula has just changed their name to thesis and they're offering 15 off to listeners of the podcast now you might be wondering uh leon what's a nootropic well they're nutrients proven to improve brain performance some call them cognitive enhancers or smart drugs quote unquote with nootropics i've boosted my focus energy attention span concentration for long periods of time getting distracted much less frequently i'm far more productive i find myself procrastinating and putting things off less i've been testing nootropics and for the past year i've been using thesis exclusively you can visit their website takethesis.com you'll take a short assessment and based on their data set you'll be recommended four nootropic variations to test in your first month you can then schedule a time to speak with a nootropics coach from their team any time to help you find the optimal formulations for your brain chemistry then they will customize your orders with the formulations that work best for your goals and your physiology go to takethesis.com and use the code keto for 15 off again that's take thesis.com with the code keto and so when we're talking about hormone imbalance and i mean there's so many different ones but what do you find women struggle with the most when it comes to hormone imbalance what are like the mega hitters yeah i would say the mega hitters especially in the pair you know from age 35 on is the estrogen dominance the low and really i don't even like that term but i'm not going to get into that in long detail i will spare your audience but but progesterone deficiency the natural decline of progesterone because you can have low estrogen and still be estrogen dominant because of recirculating estrogen and and toxic endocrine disruptors and all of those things so that can make a difference and we can become very estrogen dominant in in other ways than just what our body's producing as far as estrogen goes so that's important to recognize what we know is that when our hormones when our ovaries are naturally declining in production we get these symptoms irritability pms like hate your husband symptoms that are like two weeks out of the month you know that's a sign of hormone imbalance versus you know you that you really do hit your husband although i'm sure he's to blame in some way but you know physiology drives behavior so we have to understand that and the other things that are happening you know as a gynecologist you know the disconnection the you know being stressed and burned out that's right there with it because progesterone is our mother hormone and we can really deplete progesterone at any age we're dealing with just even you know everyday life stressors that can be pretty powerful and it's you know in my book and in the hormone fix and in my programs i talk about how we really have to enhance our physiology through you know mindset and and certain tools i've come across and developed along the way to really help us create that peace within that surpasses all understanding and that's really valuable but that that progesterone deficiency causing those perimenopausal symptoms that we really hate including just not feeling like my loving caring sane self i mean it totally felt like who was this monster that showed up today you know why did i react like that you know and i really you know i i'm 52 years old with a 10 year old leanne and you met my three other daughters when we were at ketocon last year my three oldest one so three in college and a 10 year old so i've got to keep saying it's really like you know selfish that i develop all these programs too by the way so true it's so true the work like feeds your own interest because you need help yes so so that's a big thing and there are other symptoms that we don't really associate with hormone imbalance that drive people to medicate and and irritability pms mood swings depression you know sadness lack of motivation fatigue and whether we're medicating with caffeine or what else we're medicating with and then there's the other more serious symptoms like heart palpitations that can be hormone imbalance that can be nutrient insufficiency but what happens we get beta blockers what do beta blockers cause insulin resistance more circulating glucose and that's just sending us downhill and so you have that and you know the list goes on from there and you know not to mention surgeries and as a physician i will tell you that before i started understanding the functional medicine aspects and really researching for my own health and the health of my patients as i was a solo practitioner so it was like i had to find the answers and i was doing honestly two to three surgeries a week as i started working with detox and bioidentical hormones bioidentical progesterone dhea you know my mighty maca green supplementation bringing that in i went from doing two to three surgeries a week to two to three a year two to three a year it's a huge difference like we can maintain we can restore hormonal balance like i recognize that the uterus especially with women we go through irregular bleeding spotting cramping pain man i can i can knock out those symptoms i can knock out those symptoms and you can still keep your uterus because the uterus is an innocent bystander of the angry family that is attacking it and that's a family of hormones i really hope you're enjoying today's episode i'd love to see where you're listening from you can snap a pic and tag me at leanne vogel or leave a review for the show on your favorite podcast player it helps me out tremendously okay back to the good stuff yeah and touching on bioidenticals really quick when i'm on tour especially and i start talking about hormones a lot of women say that they're scared to take hormones or they're terrified of bioidenticals can we talk about that a little bit so that women understand that they're maybe not the scary beasts that they've been made out to be yeah and i think i think this is where we you know really i where i really want to emphasize where nature can who nature is when wins right nature wins nature always wins so bio identical is the preferred choice like there's no other option for me and that's what i learned to customize through the art you know like with the practice of medicine in the art of medicine is like how do we customize individually and now work to help women learn to customize for themselves because we have bioidentical progesterone and i created because you know like you i'm like very particular right it has to be clean and good products so i created my pure balance ppr cream which has some progesterone and pregnenolone and it's a balancing hormone combination including some peptides in there for their anti-aging ability i'm like okay you know like everything for me is dual purpose so let's add that in if we're putting a cream on you know and so um so the pure balance progesterone cream with bioidentical bioidentical progesterone and bioidentical pregnenolone that now i've been using in my practice for 10 years and just this year reformulated to add some peptides in it and so i can tell you that either through you know using this type of over-the-counter option ver and or being prescribed bioidentical progesterone appropriately at higher doses when needed and using it cyclically i have seen people be able to keep their uterus i've seen breast cysts and breast diseases resolve i've seen relationships improve mood swings depression improve if not resolve completely i've seen decrease in lower extremity edema as well as help with weight balance one other really big one is better night sleep so that your body restores itself and you've got you know progesterone breaks down orally too to allow pregnenolone which is necessary for gaba production and so that's the hormone of on relaxation so as a you know progesterone bioidentical progesterone is a natural diuretic is a natural sedative is a natural anxiolytic a natural anxiety reducing hormone so yes and as our ovaries decrease it's a bit you know the ovulation phase right as we as we produce less and less eggs as we become uh in the perimenopause to menopause we're producing less progesterone because that's where it's primarily needed but add that on top of raising a family work stresses and progesterone is used to make cortisol and then we shut down a lot more so adding it back is for me essential and that's one of the things that i recommend also because we can and i use a transdermal cream that i created my moisturizing balancing cream because sometimes we need a little more and sometimes we need a little less you know if all is good i'm on vacation it's rosy i mean you know what do i need but if you know i'm like in the middle of book launch for instance twice a day you know like let's figure that out right and i think that's really so so those are aspects if we lived in the amazon land and we were living from nature and we picked food for the day i mean i don't think we would need hormones but i don't live that way and sadly i've tried to do at least a vacation a week that's very i'm in a vacation a year that's like a vacation a week i know that was a that's a wish list there at least a vacation day a week right but at least a vacation a year where i'm remote you know like really immersed in nature but you know we really do need to do think every week can i do a two-hour hike in nature can i get out you know for four hours on a stand-up paddle board oh my gosh that just changes your physiology right there yep and that's why i live nomadically yes yeah because it's crazy i haven't needed as much progesterone i am off cortisol completely i don't take dhea anymore so it's been really cool to see that transition of just getting into nature being closer to mother nature how little i need so yeah that's a really interesting point yeah and it's good discernment because you're number one you're delivering by your design and number two you're with you're discerning so you've got such clarity and that's what ketosis that's what getting in ketosis really helps us with that clarity the ability to say this resonates truth for me and this doesn't because when we're high carb high sugar high inflammation it's like you know it's like that you know that just dulls it out completely i'm thinking because one day my daughter came home and she had this red mark on her hand you know i'm like what happened she goes oh they just did that eraser thing you know do you remember that in school like they would rub an eraser on your hand and it's just like essentially like okay say when you give and then all of a sudden like you're like it gives you know and it's like okay these rubs yeah i know it's a horrible thing i'm like you never let anyone touch you like that again you know what i mean it was a good opening for a discussion but yeah like you know just like all of us you know it doesn't hurt doesn't hurt doesn't hurt it hurts and so okay well you know what if we discern very early look you know what this isn't good for me and that's what we need to do totally so your book launches next week tell us more about it but what is it called what was the passion behind it oh my gosh no absolutely so excited about it it's called the hormone fix and it is burn fat naturally boost energy sleep better and stop hot flashes the ketogreen way because i want to stop the suffering just like i'm on a mission to do that just like you are lying and you know we don't want people to suffer like what we've suffered you know and what we've gone through and like god use us for you know helping others and that that's okay and so in this book design i've got my keto colors and my alkalinity ph colors down here so also it's kind of just um a comprehensive book looking at what our hormones are what they say to you know what they can be symptoms of in our body as well as a 10-day ketogreen quick start detox to really help push that hormonal and that balance so that our hormones are no longer imbalanced at least really get a head start on that and then plus a 21 day menu too to just really keep that going so with some good recipes that combine both the concepts of ketosis and alkalinity in a very holistic way and detoxing the ingredients are chosen to help support our detox pathways methylation sulfation glucuronidation and and i think that that's part of the reason it works so well so quickly and then of course a good chapter on vaginal health as well as stress cortisol and the oxytocin connection so many aspects of of my work over the last 20 years personally and professionally i've put into this and and it's really it's a great read and it's easy to follow and i'm super excited about it so i definitely am so excited for you to share this with your audience yeah and i think what's really beautiful and why i love your work is because it's not just about eating keto it's all these little pieces that add up to designing the life that you want and balancing the things that you need when you're writing this book i don't know if you did this too but for me i definitely did and have for all my books i kept a specific type of person in mind while i was writing it did you do the same thing and who who are you writing this book for who do you want to purchase this book you know i would tell you that's really a great thought i hadn't thought about that land but it comes up loud and clear that i wrote it for my mother and i wrote it for my mother who at age 52 the same age i am at now had heart disease and actually was undergoing her cardiac bypass surgery i was 16 years old she was 52 and she underwent heart surgery and bypass surgery she lived another 15 years that was it and she's missed all her grandkids she would have loved them she struggled for uh you know a decade before she passed away and i don't want any woman to struggle i saw how you know you know she was on 11 medications at the time she died i don't want any woman to suffer in their relationship in their health to give away the power that they have over their own body to heal itself through optimizing lifestyle choices because you know we have we have worked hard we have loved hard and we will continue to do so we need to reap the benefits of this time i have seen too many women suffer and so that's that's really who i write it for so beautiful you have me speechless because you could just tell how much passion just went into that answer of just wanting to help okay so where can people find your book your practice your website all the things laid on us so just come to doctoranna.com so d-r-a-n-n-a dot-com very easy we'll have directions from there amazing perfect and we'll include that link in the show notes including a link to your book dr anna thank you so much for hanging out with us today it's been a pleasure thank you as always leanne thanks for listening to the keto diet podcast join us again in a couple of days to discover more keto for women secrets for your fat fueled life music for the keto diet podcast provided by yeti follow jacob on instagram yeti underscore official and on spotify as yeti that's y-e-c-h-i the keto diet podcast including show notes and links provides information respect to healthy living recipes nutrition and diet and is intended for informational purposes only the information provided is not a substitute for medical advice diagnosis or treatment nor is it to be construed as such we cannot guarantee that the information provided on the keto diet podcast reflects the most up-to-date medical research information is provided without any representations or warranties of any kind please consult a qualified physician for medical advice and always seek the advice of a qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding your health and nutrition program

- How Keto Affects Women's Hormones: Kind: captions Language: en hey it's lean from healthful Pursuit and this is another minisode of the keto diet podcast you guys can grab the podcast extra for today's episode by going to healthful pursuit. comom podcast X31 I got one cool thing for you guys today and that is that January is totally dedicated to busting the keto myths and sorting out fact from fiction which is why I'm holding a free training on Wednesday January 9th that's today you still have time to join if you're listening anytime today you can join me to get the truth behind the three most stubborn keto lies that are holding you back Plus answers to top questions including why even the most dedicated keto women struggle to get traction and how three simple strategies might be all you need to start seeing better results you don't want to miss this free training so head on over to healthful pursuit. comom trining to register and then I will see you there today there's still time so head on over there today is the only day that I am going to be sharing this training so again that's healthful pursuit. comom trining if you can't make it today that's totally fine just sign up and I will send you the replay as soon as the class is done today I want to chat about how keto is different for women if you have questions about today's content head on over to healthful pursuit. comom cont and ask me okay let's do this thing welcome to the keto diet podcast the show all about keto for women so you can burn fat balance Bal your hormones and heal your body starting and maintaining keto can be challenging without the right support so just for listening to the podcast I want to give you 20% off the keto beginning with the coupon code keto podcast that's all one word this 30-day program gives you a clear step-by-step how to so you can quickly adapt to a ketogenic diet avoid common struggles and get the results you crave go to healthful pursuit. c/ to get your keto beginning disc account today if you're new around these parts I'm lean Bogle you may know me as the international bestselling author of the keto diet founder of happy KOB body.com or maybe you know me as the nutritionist that likes dipping pork rinds in avocado oil mayo I'm so glad you're here with me today thanks so much for [Music] listening I get ask the question a lot how is keto different for women isn't it all just the same if men have success why wouldn't women have success I think my favorite answer to this is women have a 28 day hormone cycle men have a one day hormone cycle like you have to understand that our bodies are in a different place like day five on our cycle looks completely different than day 16 of our cycle we are a completely different human and everything is different by then and I think hormone balance really is the key to feeling great in your body and when we can balance our hormones and understand just how important they are to our overall health we can really really start to step into our own power and we can use the ketogenic diet to support that power so some people say that the keto diet helps women to better their hormone regulation and on the other side they are Skeptics saying that keto inhibits hormone regulation if you're starting keto in an effort to balance your hormones it's important to be mindful of what's going on and how you're setting up your ketogenic diet the keto diet can help to balance hormones but you have to be made aware of possible obstacles before you get started or while you're on your way it's always better to understand what you might be up against as opposed to getting in a sticky situation or not even a sticky situation but like not loving your lifestyle because you chose a different path because you didn't know what your options were so let's take a look at how hormones can influence your ketogenic diet based on a few common hormonal imbalances the first is insulin resistance and uncontrolled blood sugar so your pancreas produces insulin when you eat carbohydrates or sugar and the glucose response that is created by this consumption sends a message to the body to release the insulin and send glucose into the cells overc consumption of carbohydrates and the elevated levels of insulin that follow are linked to a handful of health related issues so most American diet diets which include an overload of carbs and sugar this insulin release happens way too often leading to blood sugar Spike after blood sugar Spike and eventually a resistance to insulin so insulin resistance is becoming more and more rampant and most people only find out that they are suffering from it when more extreme chronic health issues crop up like hey you're like days away from hitting Diabetes Type 2 is what a doctor would say the most efficient treatment for insulin resistance istance is prioritizing Healthy nutrition and lifestyle decisions which will then stabilize blood sugar and insulin levels so keto can help insulin resistance and uncontrolled blood sugar because keto assists with insulin regulation and blood sugar control keto also helps to decrease the stress that your body undergoes when your blood sugar spikes and dips so less fluctuations means less cortisol being released since the adrenal glands are responsible for cortisol release eating carbs can put significant pressure on them keto undoes this pressure and helps your body to release less cortisol allowing your adrenal glands to function more efficiently so the bottom line here is that the foods you eat on a ketogenic diet put less strain on the body in comparison to the foods you eat when you're eating a high carbohydrate diet they also better regulate cortisol metabolism which leads to better hormonal balance overall then we have like reproductive infertility problems PCOS so PCOS is polycystic ovary syndrome and is the main reason for infertility in women PC stems from poorly balanced reproductive hormones over 50% of women who are diagnosed with PCOS also have symptoms that align with metabolic syndrome high blood glucose and insulin resistance PCOS has no cure and many individuals who suffer from PCOS are relying on a ketogenic diet which is so awesome keto can help PCOS and other reproductive issues because keto helps helps to regulate glucose metabolism and studies are starting to show that this treatment is working and many keto women who had been diagnosed with PCOS prior to starting keto show significant improvements in insulin levels and reproductive hormone balance some women in the study and we'll link up to it in the show notes the one that I'm referencing even to become pregnant often overcoming fertility issues that they had previously been struggling with and there's lots of anecdotal evidence that points to an increased quality of life whether that be through a higher chance of pregnancy or reduced PCOS symptoms back to today's episode in a sec today's episode is sponsored by Perfect keto perfect keto creates the ultimate products for making the keto lifestyle easier and more effective all of their products are dairyfree made in the USA gluten-free doctor approved and use zero fillers from exogenous ketones to boost your Ketone levels for mental clarity keto bars for a quality fat snack MCT oil powder for making your coffee fatty and creamy without the dairy and so much more you can get 20% off anything in their shop by going to perfectketo.com KDP use the coupon code KDP for your 20% off anything your heart desires if you're unsure of the link simply check out Today's Show notes for all the details okay back to today's episode then we have thyroid disorders and diseases and a lot of people say that keto affects the thyroid but I'd like to kind of bust this through a little bit so the thyroid gland plays a leading role in hormone regulation and a thyroid that isn't working effectively can be a big trouble maker thyroid imbalances can cause a long list of disorders and diseases such as hypothyroidism Hashimoto and Graves disease so keto can help with thyroid imbalances such as with autoimmune diseases focusing on treating and strengthening the immune system can be more beneficial than focusing solely on healing the affected organs so thyroid in this case so when it comes to treating the immune system keto is awesome ketones can slowly begin to reregulate the immune system which will in turn help the other organs that are involved balancing hormones from the ground up evidence shows that when you switch to a ketogenic diet T3 the active thyroid hormone decreases so some critics suggest that this could cause hypothyroidism however lower T3 on the ketogenic diet can be attributed to the fact that the body is just able to work more efficiently when it's in ketosis and when we have lowered T3 we have lowered sex hormone binding globuline which means you have um more free available hormones to either use or ditch out they're not just sitting in your body unable to be used so in some cases lower T3 can actually be good for you because it can help to retain your muscle when you're losing weight and not to mention the sex hormone binding globulin then we have premenstrual syndrome PMS which includes everything from mood swings brain fog acne to depression fatigue food cravings and irritability keto helps with PMS because it balances hormones and it can relieve many of the symptoms associated with PMS so if you're like I have a problem with hormones and something you just mentioned I need help with you can treat keto as a lifestyle and not a diet by treating it as a lifestyle you're going to make lifestyle choices that it's not going to feel limited or restricted in ew expect the beginning to be slow so know that hormone imbalances don't just like go away with a snap of a finger it's going to take some time you can also try practicing carb UPS you can try eating plenty of high fat and good quality protein and really really work to reduce any unnecessary stress I'm going to be including a couple of tips and guides on how to do all this and More in today's show notes which you guys can find at at healthful pursuit. comom SLP podcast X31 and I will see you soon bye thanks for listening to the keto diet podcast join us again in a couple of days to discover more keto for women's secrets for your fat fueled life the keto diet podcast including show notes and links provides information respect to Healthy Living recipes nutrition and diet and is intended for informational purposes only the information provided is not a substitute for medical advice diagnosis or treatment nor is it to be construed as such we cannot guarantee that the information provided on the keto diet podcast reflects the most up-to-date medical research information is provided without any representations or warranties of any kind please consult a qualified physician for medical advice and always seek the advice of a qualified healthc care provider with any questions you may have regarding your health and nutrition program

  Top Comments:
  1. @lisaa6099 [12 likes]: Video starts 2;25
  2. @swood715 [6 likes]: Stop withs the ads and trying to sell stuff! Just the contents.
  3. @monp.4903 [3 likes]: 1. Insulin resistance
2. PCOS / reproductive issues
3. Thyroid imbalances, immune system strengthening
4. PMS, balances hormones
  4. @myteegeeful [3 likes]: I thought a podcast was a discussion not just reading something, I can do that myself.
  5. @pinklemonadelips2433 [1 likes]: I think you are my answer!! I'm very excited to follow what you are doing. I stumbled into keto when I was researching eating to fix PCOS. Excited for your podcast! Excited to learn more from you <3

- Use Keto (Ketogenic Diet) To Balance Hormones – Dr.Berg: Kind: captions Language: en all right today we're going to talk about how to use Quito to balance your hormones okay there's several reasons why Aikido is very very good for the endocrine system number one you have to realize there's two sets of hormones you have those hormones that are made from proteins to call peptide hormones and then you have those hormones that are actually made from cholesterol called steroid hormones that's right there's a whole series of set of hormones that are actually made directly from cholesterol that's the raw material testosterone all three estrogens progesterone growth hormone cortisol that's a stress hormone aldosterone DHEA so by going on a keto plan you are going to be doing higher amounts of fatty foods especially healthy fats so you're gonna actually get the cholesterol you need as the raw material the essence of keto and especially in a minute fasting is to lower insulin and a lot of benefits that happen when you lower insulin one is you actually help balance androgens and females there's a condition called PCOS polycystic ovarian syndrome which occurs in females and that is an androgen dominant situation the excess antigens are making facial hair loss of hair in your head deeper voice so in men when you lower insulin you actually raise testosterone and the next point is that when you reduce insulin you also reduce sympathetic dominance so you improve adrenal function many people are in this mode Werther and flight-or-fight all the time well by lowering insulin you take the person out of that state that condition and they feel very calm and the next point I wanna talk about is when you're in ketosis you're actually burning fat you're removing visceral fat as well and liver fat you're improving a fatty liver you're improving liver function now there's something in the liver I'm not going to get into the technical part of it but there's something in the liver that binds certain hormones to keep them in check it's like a buffer for hormones to make sure that you don't end up with excessive amounts of cortisol or estrogen and when you improve liver function you're able to buffer these excesses more efficiently oh let me just back up for a second one more point I want to bring up about insulin when you lower insulin you improve certain pituitary hormones as well luteinizing hormone and molecule stimulating hormone the ratio of those two those are the two hormones that help regulate the ovary and the testicle and when you decrease insulin you improve these ratios right here all right the last point is that when I mentioned Kido I always mentioned the healthy version of Kido healthy keto and one of the things that I recommend is cruciferous vegetables cruciferous vegetables are unique in that they actually have the ability to detoxify endocrine disruptors now think about the endocrine system is the superior communication system you have the gland that makes the hormone that sends hormone that gets received in a receptor and it transmits back so you have this whole communication thing going on and endocrine disrupters any chemical and environment whether it's pesticide herbicides insecticide heavy metals that can interfere with the receptors of certain hormones by consuming cruciferous vegetables and other vegetables as well you can actually lessen the amount of these poisons in your liver cruciferous vegetables help to detoxify these chemicals and when you're doing organic you're also decreasing the GMOs and the glyphosate which is an herbicide all right guys so I hope that made sense and one thing I want to point out is that when you do keto you also want to do in a minute fasting i don't even mention all the benefits from that but those two together are essential for helping to balance your hormones so if you like this video go ahead and share it with someone that you know that can truly benefit from it

  Top Comments:
  1. @VengefulCowSpirit [1 likes]: STAY UNHEALTHY 🍰🍰🎂🍪🧁🥧🍫🥧🍰🍰🍪🍩🍫🍩🥧🍪🧁🍪🍰🍰🎂🎂☕🍩🍫🍩🧁🍪🧁🍪🍰🍪🧁🎂🥧🎂🥧🍪🍫🍫🍩🥧🍩🧁🍩🍰🍪🍰🍪🧁🎂🥧🎂🥧🎂🍫🍩🍫🍩🥧🍩🧁🍪🍰🍪🍰🎂🥧🎂🥛🎂☕🎂🥛🎂MMMMMMMMMMMM
  2. @rochellestevenson8519 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr Berg for educating us helping us to live a healthy better life we. You are awesome
  3. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  4. @Jennifr1966: If you have high cholesterol, thereby increasing steroids, would weight lifting be better for those people?
(I have PCOS. I also have adrenal nodules.)
  5. @ЕленаЛокайчук-с2ы: Can you make a video if it’s safe for women to do keto and IF in second part of the cycle when the body builds progesterone? Some doctors recommended to eat more carbs after 15 day of the cycle to give the body natural carbohydrates from fruits and vegetables and minerals to produce progesterone otherwise it will affect women health. Is it true? Should women do “in and out” keto to keep building progesterone or we can stay on a keto all the cycle?
  6. @iamwelltakencareof: More videos on this topic please.
  7. @cr8tive401: Can you please discuss the alternative to those who can’t tolerate Keto. I feel as if this is your one size fits all diet but that doesn’t work for everyone
  8. @Naz-Ali: I have so many questions , I hope Dr Berg sees this. 

He mentioned that high fat diet, which is keto should be followed as it increases cholesterol , which in turn makes estrogen as it is a raw material to make estrogen. But estrogen will make my thyroid worse ( as shown in one of his thyroid videos) and will also cause fat around hips ( also shown in one of his bidy type videos ) . Plus more estrogen causes higher chances of cancer and fibrocystic breasts. So am I missing something ?? What's the solution to this ? 

Please answer.
  9. @michaelfancher1450: you always say alot in these  short vids. thnks for everything youve done
  10. @georgia_michael_: please do more videos on keto balancing hormones from pcos by showing some study evidence
  11. @mirama7012: Would love to hear your thoughts on what really causes melasma and possibly what can reduce it or reverse it.
  12. @jesusanchorofmysoulkatheri3648: Amazing!!
  13. @jessicajhabib2544: Lol!!! No offense, but Yes I saw results related to waistline, cravings, and so on but I have PCOS and one of the reasons I quit keto is 'cause it stopped my period. I'm on metformin (1500/day) and my doc never said anything about my diet except to just be mindful. I am neither overweight nor do I worry about losing weight to be honest because I'm a PhD student and don't have time for this kind of stress...ANYWAY...since the new year, I've been experimenting with different diets for a number of reasons. I started with a mix of vegan/vegetarian/regular from Jan until March and I got my period on time and I never felt better. I was actually losing weight just from having my flow back. Once upon a bored evening, I was introduced to keto and all the wonders it could do for PCOS. . I started keto on March 22nd, I got my period for 11 days a day or two after that and since then, I didnt see it again and all the symptons I had prior to my meds returned. It was terribly stupid of me to do this before consulting my doctor, but we live in different continents and I got caught in all the hype. So the reason I am writing all this is: IF YOU HAVE PCOS (I speak of what I know but I'm guessing this also applies to any issue that requires attention if not everyone) PLEASE CONSULT YOUR DOCTOR BEFORE DOING KETO! Stay strong and all best, xxx.
  14. @Peace-h4k: Can I do this if I for religious reasons can't eat anything pork. Plse
  15. @delmaquezada6733: Dr Berg you are too skinny in this video.  Put some meat on.
  16. @cwsing7230: MY SON IS 13 EATING FISH 3-4 X PER WK. AND THE CRUCIFEROUS VEGGIES COME OUT OF HIS EARS TO DETOX IFY THE MERCURY FROM FISH  I TRY TO WAATCH MY KIDS HEALTH! AGAIN THANKS DR BERG ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
  17. @cwsing7230: GREAT VIDEO DR BERG!✅✅✅✅✅
  18. @mikeroshchupkin3302: Dr. Berg, I improved my health dramatically with your help!  There are still some things i am concerned about. For example, to what extent will a couple of cups of diuretic veggies affect my minerals and vitamins?( i consume 7-8 cups and a couple of them is from parsley or dill)
  19. @zoomingjapan: What about people who are underweight? I already tried intermittent fasting, but lost even more weight, so I had to stop. I'm worried that Keto + intermittent fasting would decrease my weight even more. Maybe a good thing for most people, definitely not for me. :(
  20. @bowelmovements5513: Why do bodybuilders hate on keto and intermittent fasting so much? They claim carbs are important. I look it at like this, if you use steroids it doesn't matter if you have a ton of carbs in your diet, you'll still get ripped. Check out Greg Doucette, he bags on intermittent fasting and how it is essentially binge eating and that's it's for people with eating disorders and that's it's also BS because you need to eat 5 meals a day to trigger protein synthesis, talks about the healthy carbs to eat, believes only in the calories in calories out mentality. So in other words if you eat pop tarts every day he claims you can get shredded, it is so ignorant in my opinion. I've been doing keto/IF for 9 months and have lost 86lbs..

- Using the KETO diet to boost your TESTOSTERONE?!: Kind: captions Language: pt-BR Olá pessoal, vocês já se perguntaram como sua dieta afeta seus hormônios? Bem, hoje vou abordar como a dieta cetogênica afeta seus níveis de testosterona. Sou a Dra. Rena Malik, urologista e cirurgiã pélvica. Se você não sabia, o urologista é o médico do trato urinário genital. Cuidamos de problemas médicos, bem como de problemas cirúrgicos que afetam os rins, os órgãos urinários ou os tubos que drenam os rins, a bexiga e a uretra de onde sai a urina. e cuidamos dos problemas genitais. A testosterona é um hormônio masculino produzido pelos testículos e é muito importante para a produção de espermatozoides e também para a libido. Mas também faz mais do que isso. Também pode melhorar a massa muscular e reduzir a quantidade de gordura que você carrega consigo. Pode melhorar a densidade óssea e o bem-estar geral. A dieta cetogênica é uma dieta muito popular que normalmente é uma dieta com baixo teor de carboidratos e alto teor de gordura que tem sido muito popular recentemente para perda de peso, mas na verdade foi originalmente desenvolvida para pacientes com transtorno convulsivo refratário ou transtorno convulsivo que não podia ser controlado por medicamentos . E agora está em todo lugar. Você realmente não pode ir a lugar nenhum sem ouvir sobre a dieta cetônica ou ver algum lanche especial da dieta cetônica. O interessante da dieta cetogênica é que você reduz os carboidratos a um nível extremamente baixo em menos de 5% da sua ingestão diária. Também tem sido altamente elogiado por seus benefícios de perda de peso, bem como por suas propriedades de redução de insulina. E muito simplesmente, é essa falta de hidratos de carbono, que normalmente é a nossa fonte básica de combustível para todas as nossas atividades diárias, que quando diminui, o nosso corpo passa a utilizar gorduras para o nosso armazenamento de energia e ajuda-nos a perder essa gordura e a perder o excesso de peso. Quando o corpo usa essas gorduras, ele as decompõe em coisas chamadas corpos cetônicos. E esses corpos cetônicos podem ser facilmente usados pelo nosso cérebro e pelos nossos órgãos para criar energia. E é daí que vem o termo dieta cetogênica. Portanto, a testosterona é, na verdade, criada a partir de um precursor chamado colesterol. Porque a testosterona é criada a partir do colesterol. Quando você segue uma dieta rica em colesterol contendo itens ou muitos alimentos gordurosos, você tem mais matérias-primas necessárias para criar testosterona. E esse é o processo de pensamento pelo qual o uso de uma dieta cetogênica pode potencialmente aumentar seu nível de testosterona. Mas quais são os dados? Portanto, foi feito um estudo com 25 homens em idade universitária. Portanto, esses dados só seriam aplicáveis a outros homens em idade universitária se você os aplicasse a um público maior de pessoas. Todos esses homens participaram de um programa de treinamento de resistência. Exatamente o mesmo programa. E você tem que perceber que fazer qualquer tipo de treinamento intervalado de alta intensidade ou treinamento de resistência pode por si só aumentar sua testosterona. Mas eles fizeram exatamente o mesmo programa de treinamento. Eles os dividiram em dieta ocidental ou dieta cetogênica. E o que eles encontraram? Bem, eles mediram esses participantes durante 11 semanas e mediram a testosterona no início do estudo e mais tarde no final do estudo. O que eles descobriram foi que os estudantes da dieta cetogênica, estudantes em idade universitária, tinham um nível de testosterona mais alto em mais de 100 nanogramas por decilitro. E isso pode ser um pouco se você estiver no limite do baixo nível de testosterona. Mas não sei exatamente o que significaria uma diferença de 100 pontos se você estivesse na faixa normal. Existem duas maneiras principais pelas quais os participantes deste grupo poderiam ter aumentado a testosterona. Uma delas é que eles aumentaram a ingestão de colesterol. E sabemos que o grupo da dieta cetogênica consumiu mais colesterol do que o grupo não cetogênico ou o grupo da dieta ocidental. Mas não sabemos exatamente qual era a quantidade. Portanto, não podemos atribuir definitivamente esse aumento à testosterona. Mas a outra coisa que aconteceu no grupo da dieta cetogênica é que eles diminuíram a ingestão de fibras alimentares. E a fibra dietética realmente atua para ajudar a excretar ou remover mais testosterona do intestino. Então, acho que ainda não se sabe se a dieta cetogênica funciona aumentando o colesterol ou diminuindo a ingestão de fibras para melhorar seu nível geral de testosterona sérica. E, novamente, não sei o que a diferença de 100 nanogramas por decilitro realmente faz em alguém que tem um nível normal de testosterona. Então, qual é a minha lição de casa? Bem, eu realmente não sei se a dieta cetogênica é tão útil para aumentar a ingestão de testosterona, mas definitivamente foi demonstrado que aumenta a perda de peso e melhora os níveis de insulina em grandes porções da população. Então, se você quiser aprender mais sobre a dieta cetogênica, eu recomendaria assistir alguma literatura do Dr. Jason Fung ou ler alguns de seus livros, porque ele é um especialista nisso e realmente explicou bem como funciona a dieta cetogênica. Se você está curioso para saber como pode realmente aumentar seu nível de testosterona naturalmente, você pode conferir o vídeo que fiz sobre como aumentar sua testosterona naturalmente ou darei a você as quatro principais coisas que você pode fazer agora para ajudar a aumentar sua testosterona. Número um, você pode perder peso. Vários estudos demonstraram que a perda de peso aumenta os níveis de testosterona. Número dois, você pode aumentar a quantidade de testosterona se incluir exercícios em seu plano de perda de peso. E assim, o exercício que se mostrou útil é o treinamento intervalado de alta intensidade ou o treinamento de resistência, que também demonstrou aumentar o nível de testosterona. Número três, aumente o seu sono. Se você tiver um sono mais longo e reparador, foi demonstrado que isso também melhora seus níveis de testosterona. E número quatro, evite produtos químicos desreguladores endócrinos como o bisfenol A ou BPA, como aqueles encontrados em Tupperwares de plástico ou garrafas plásticas, que podem realmente interferir no seu sistema endócrino e tornar mais difícil para o seu corpo produzir a testosterona necessária. Portanto, troque essas garrafas plásticas de água por garrafas de vidro ou metal que não contenham plástico. Tudo bem, muito obrigado a vocês. Não deixe de conferir o vídeo completo sobre como aumentar naturalmente sua testosterona no meu canal. E até a próxima, cuide-se sempre porque você vale

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeffreyadams648 [7 likes]: Keto for 3 months! Down 14kilos. Morning wood very intermittent but at least it’s something. Before keto (BK) no morning wood (NMW).
  2. @Ali_ReBORN [6 likes]: When Rena says ketogenic diet improves insulin levels she means it lowers it in terms of resistance!
  3. @mante0520 [2 likes]: I started Keto and could finally loose weight after 10 years of trying everything.
My Libido and testosteron definitly were raised (didnt measure it but felt it).
Im now 3 weeks in it and it feels like my ability to get an erection is now going down really fast.
Am i doing something wrong  ?
Should i add a few more carbs ?
  4. @Sangheillioz [1 likes]: I just want to applaud your ability to concisely and accurately explain what the Keto diet is and how it works!
  5. @chazguthrieful [1 likes]: Dr. BOZ promotes the keto diet.
  6. @polypus74 [1 likes]: There's no reason a Keto diet need be fiber restrained. In fact wouldn't recommend it, need those prebiotics in action.
  7. @deelah77: keto solves all your problems. dont believe it? just ask someone who does it.
  8. @donmonicparra5094: I lost 70lbs in 5months while on keto.
  9. @lowbarbillcraig3689: Youtube hides comments where I put a link in, so look this up yourself

more plates more dates Free Testosterone Levels Get DESTROYED On Keto And Carnivore Diets!? BLOOD WORK ANALYSIS
  10. @lowbarbillcraig3689: this is based on ONE study?  There's a good meta analysis that shows low carb reduces testosterone.
AND ... when Derek of More Plates More Dates reviewed carnivore dieters' labs (several have made  their results  public) , their testosterone had been crushed AND the SHBG was very, very high. 
Ben Greenfield (keto) - 73 free testosterone, 84 SHBG - says Derek "you're looking at female levels... " 
Greenfield  (after 12 weeks strict carnivore) 80 free T, 73 SHBG "his free DHT's probably trash". 
Shawn Baker 6 free T - says Derek "... something's wrong ... hypogonadal". 
3rd guy "tetosterone got nuked ... typically 2% of total T is free ... he has less than 1%

I stopped listening at that point, there's more
  11. @burak_baris: 100 dl/ng is crucial. I would rather like to see my testo 800 instead of 700.
  12. @danielsykes7558: I'm college age, yay
  13. @danielsykes7558: 1:00 I just learned i have epilepsy (I've only had one seizure, but they found a scar in the back of my brain which apparently makes it more likely)
  14. @AdrianStevens-vk3bx: You are so sexa Rena
  15. @VernCrisler: As researchers have noted, the problem with Keto is not with TOTAL testosterone.  The problem with Keto is  with what it does to FREE testosterone.  Also, nothing at all wrong with plastic water bottles.  As a doctor, you should not be spreading fear about a perfectly safe product.
  16. @HydskiTris: 100mls and you wondering... geezas
  17. @mr.speyside5240: FIBER REMOVES TESTOSTERONE???

I’ve never had anyone ever mention this. WTF!!!
  18. @geno5169: If you’re a diabetic keto isn’t good nor healthy for your body! I just do high protein with low carb.  With fasting everyday
  19. @geno5169: I tried keto years ago. I thought that high fat wasn’t healthy for me!! I do high protein  with fasting everyday. Eating 3 organic eggs with avocado 🥑
  20. @anasgujjar420: Are you from Pakistan 🇵🇰?

- The Keto Answers Podcast 001: Healing Hormonal Imbalances With A Ketogenic Diet - Leanne Vogel: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello and welcome to another episode of the keto answers podcast I'm your host dr. Anthony Gustin and it's my job to get at the bottom of the ketogenic diet and get you the answers you need to reach the levels of health you want this episode we have Liane Vogel Rihanna's a friend of mine and she's the author of the best-selling book at the keto diet she has an insanely helpful YouTube channel with just massive amount of content she also has a podcast called the keto diet podcast which we've had a blast on a few times ourselves Rihanna's a Content machine you can find the majority for work surrounding a ketogenic diet at healthful pursuit accom in this episode we talk about everything ketosis including the easiest way to get started on the ketogenic diet how ketosis affects women's health and hormones specifically and what types of food you should really be eating in like ketogenic diet I love every conversation on Hallie and she's super knowledgeable and really really helpful especially when it comes to women's health and ketosis there's tons of useful nuggets all over this chat so tune in and hope you enjoy before we get to the episode I wanted to chat about our sponsor perfect keto perfect keto is all about making a ketogenic diet healthy and accessible whether you're reading all of our online guides or articles or enjoying perfect Kia's exogenous ketones or any other keto friendly products everything you need to make key to work for you is that perfect keto calm I know what you're thinking hey aren't you the founder of aikido yep that's right and all of my insanely high standards have been put into making each and every product my background is a functional medicine clinician helps me craft the cleanest and healthiest possible products and the best information where they keep you in a diet head on over to perfectly calm to learn anything you need to know about the ketogenic diet and if you've never tried any of our price before feel free to use a code keto podcast for 20% off your first order with that being said let's get into the show alright Leanne thanks for coming on the show yeah thanks for having me this is awesome so I figured that when I started a ketogenic diet friendly podcast you were on a very short list of people to get on the show so thank you for being on well I'm super honored that's awesome thank you so much you're one of the only people who have really dedicated in the last few years and putting a massive amount of content and helping tons of people so I really appreciate that yeah yeah it's been it's been a crazy four years it's nuts how much the ketogenic diet has morphed over the last four years it was nothing online four years ago just see so it's been neat transition so how did you say your journey with the ketogenic diet I know that any affinity doesn't need your stuff you've gone through a lot and nutritionally and health-wise in the past kind of want to brush on that a little bit you bet so I was a vegan many years ago and at that point I went off hormonal birth control I learned that it wasn't so good for me when I was studying holistic nutrition about eleven years ago and that kind of started the whole rigmarole and how I ended up finding a ketogenic diet years later it had been six years since I had had a period because I'd gone off hormonal birth control I was on the write wrong diet there were a lot of different reasons but I found keto in a place where I had been on her hormonal therapy so I was taking estrogen and progesterone it wasn't bioidentical so I was just regular hormone therapy and I'd gained a lot of weight and my naturopath said we'll have you heard of a low-carb diet I said you're crazy how am I supposed to be an athlete and eat low carb those two don't match and then one of my girlfriend's had just started a ketogenic diet and I'm said that it was awesome and I looked into it and I thought you know what was the worst thing that can happen and after learning what not to do on a ketogenic diet especially for women I was able to tweak a couple of things and I got my period back after nine months and at that point it had been about seven and a half years of me not menstruating so it was quite a journey to get there and now it's been over two years that I've you know ovulated and had all these amazing things with my body and it feels nice to be in that space any women listening that haven't had their period and not long it's quite frustrating so yeah keto really helped me in that work yeah it's an amazing story and I'm sure we'll dig it a little bit further but question why vegan before and are you vegan now do you deny it oh that's a great question I will never be vegan again never say never but I think that's fair to say I I switched over to vegan primarily because I couldn't afford good food I moved out of my house when I was fairly young when I was 16 and I was putting myself through school and had a full time job and I just I couldn't afford meat so it was kind of a necessity at that point and then when I started learning more about nutrition I kind of went down the path of vegan is healthier for your everyone's bodies and that's kind of the path that I went down until my husband when I met him about ten years ago he started collecting pictures of me sleeping all over the house and I napped I slept I couldn't go through a whole day without sleeping I would usually nap in my car at work and my husband has a folder of LeAnn sleeping that's what it's called and that's that was my vegan life just always sleeping so I transitioned out of vegan just because I knew that it just wasn't good for my body anymore but I've met a lot of people that combine vegan with keto and it can be done it's just not something that I will do okay so did you make that transition at the same time going from the india or was it a gradual approach her course course of a couple years yeah so when I was vegan up until a couple of months before I started the ketogenic diet I switched from vegan to paleo and then paleo dakedo and I would say that transition was about three months but from paleo taketo it was like the next day I'm doing this and I've never looked back so from a paleo gut you still keep a lot of those principles intact from a paleo diet don't you I really do at first I kind of ditched all of the things that I knew about nutrition out the window when I started keto and I just said I'm gonna eat I'm gonna follow all the macros I'm not gonna care so much about food quality and I'm just gonna do this thing and back then that's really the only way there was dakedo of just pay attention to your macros eat all of the processed meats that you want it'll be fine and so I did that and it didn't work so then I kind of backpedals but now I definitely incorporate paleo principles in the ketogenic diet and that's where I found the most so anything you say that especially when it comes to weight loss there's a lot of people we this big Facebook group and even people emailing me or reaching out through social media asking hey this isn't I'm not getting the results I want whether that be from weight loss or an inflammation reduction or mental clarity and if the first question I ask is are you eating really music well I have cheese sticks dipped in sour cream fried with bacon as does that count so I totally can relate to that so you mentioned a lot about how you weren't having normal menstruation and that came back after the course of about nine months is that something you work closely with you naturopath about or was it a side-effect more so of the ketogenic diet yeah at first I worked with the naturopath just to kind of start on the ketogenic diet and I did that for six months like what I was talking about with the processed meats and just going that route and I ended up losing a lot of hair my thyroid got even worse I've always had hypothyroid issues I wasn't sleeping I'd gone six days without sleep and so I switched to not forcing myself to fast that was a big one when I was hungry I was gonna eat and I started incorporating a thing that I like to call carb ups into the mix and while I was doing that I switched to working with an ortho molecular doctor just to start looking at the different nutrients that I was lacking I found that I was very very low in vitamin A vitamin D most of my fat soluble vitamins were quite low so for me it was really about boosting up my ability to digest a lot of the things that I was eating because although I was eating all of the fats I wasn't necessarily being able to process them the way that my body probably should have so I think it was in conjunction with you know giving those three steps a try incorporating the carb ups into my already ketogenic diet I'm not forcing myself to fast and eating when I was hungry as well as looking at the different nutrients that I was lacking and really all I did with the nutrients pieces take a bunch of vitamin A and get out in the Sun more that was kind of my takeaway for what I worked with the orthomolecular doctor on and then from those changes that I made it took myself nine months to get my period back but I mean you can even see I went to the naturopathic doctor when I was working with her and then the orthomolecular doctor and we tested my bloodwork every month so I have a huge chart on my computer of you know what my cholesterol was doing and how all of that was transitioning it was really cool to see you know my HDL especially was quite low when I started the ketogenic diet and ended up being you know a nice level and triglycerides went down quite substantially so yeah those were sort of some of the outcomes that I saw any other markers that you were tracking that changed significantly oh yeah DHEA was nuts how high that got it was very very very low my cortisol has taken some time I'm just starting to get a handle on my cortisol I was also you know writing a book during this time and building a business of the cortisol took some time and I think regardless of what diet you're on taking steps with your diet outside of your diet even to help your cortisol is a big one so little things like not going to bed with my phone and getting blue light blocking reading glasses if I am staying up late I am trying to block some of that light and just extra things I started being more mindful of this and I think you know with the ketogenic diet I just had more time because you're not eating as much to start delving a little bit deeper into my own life and what I wanted for myself so cortisol was a big one DHEA estrogen was a huge one that increased quite substantially for me progesterone and I think this all really came from you know when I first started the ketogenic diet or right before it almost looked like somebody had you know had all my hormones lined up and just turned off a light switch like they were all just really really low and in need of some love and care and for me what we saw is that every time my cholesterol increased my sex hormones would increase too and so then it became a goal of you know how high can I get my cholesterol to get my sex hormones and you know I never thought I would say something like that but I actually thrive in that quote-unquote higher zone where when I go to a natural you know a normal doctor they're like oh your cholesterol is high you know you should look at lowering that and like heck no I'm not that's where the magic happens I love that it's precursor to two sex hormones and also I mean if it's in the absence of like high inflammation and inflammatory markers which I'm sure on a ketogenic diet for you I mean did you check CRP II or yes are and these things yes I did I did the CRP and that Holl that was tough because we realized it was nuts that made me really inflamed so now my ketogenic diet does not have nuts very limited seeds and no eggs so that was what you needed to discern that the nut seeds name well it was it was not so much testing as opposed to just playing around with it I would go in months month over month and we would test the inflammation markers and then the doctor would say like what have you been eating and I'm like I totally know it's the eggs I totally know it's the eggs so for me it was just kind of looking at those foods such as you know for a lot of people it's dairy and for me it's dairy as well but I've known that for a while nuts could be seeds eggs other people react to even nightshades which can cause issues so I I kind of looked at each one and removed one food for a month and then we would look at my markers and see if they were any better so when he said you know your inflammation it's not getting any better Leon like okay this month I'm gonna remove nuts and then we'll test again and we'll see how it goes and then it got it was produced quite substantially I'm like okay cool so then we rock that for a little while and then the inflammation wouldn't be going down as much as we'd want so then I'd remove another thing and I think it really depends on the type of person you are I've been quite intuitive with my body for quite some time so I usually know when I shouldn't be eating a food and I do anyways I'm just like slight little things that happen but if you're not that type of person it might be beneficial to get a large allergy testing done so you can kind of get a feel I just wouldn't recommend you know the prick testing is is cool if you have an actual allergy like I'm anaphylactic peanuts so when they test my skin with peanuts of course it's gonna show but for any of those you know subtle idol allergies it can get a little bit more complicated yeah there's definitely a difference between allergies and Intel and I think people can react to food without being like actually clinically allergic to them so that's something to be mindful as well so this is a great approach it you do very individualized tinkering with yourself so you would noticing that the inflammation was going down step by step when you add these foods back in like you said you knew dairy was a problem inflammation can creep up in people in different ways did you notice any sort of symptom that you had with a big gut problem or skin issues anything like that sluggish yeah what were the things that you notice that we're the intuitive markers for you this is gonna be the strangest thing but I know this is a thing for other people because I've had this conversation with others the index finger on my left hand hurts that is my that is my sign that I ate something I shouldn't have and for some people it's other things I know that you know if I have dairy I get acne on my forehead and and it happens very quickly even if I have certain types of alcohol I'll get acne on my neck like in the middle of my neck if I do nuts it's on acne on my jaw lines so for me the different types of foods show off in different places but it's usually acne related and also the finger and the finger is really great too because it tells me whether or not I've had an inflammatory oil so if we go to a restaurant we went the other day and I said like what kind of oil do you cook with and they're like oh yeah we have beef tallow and I'm like what that's awesome no they totally didn't there was something else in that fryer because my finger was so inflamed I could barely move it and it's just the one finger so for other people it can be other things whether it be you know just like gut pain or maybe it's tightness in different other joints for my husband Kevin we did a little dairy experiment where he went years without eating dairy and then my sister got him hooked on lactose free cheese he started eating it all the time and at first it was fine but you know he'd clear his throat every once in a while or he was he had an itchy scalp a little bit on one side and I just said hey babe these things are happening he's like no that's not the dairy I'm like okay so I just stopped buying the cheese for two weeks and he tried the cheese again a couple of days ago totally reacted to it hot mess really quickly and I was like see so sometimes it can be a really quick thing if you remove it for a couple of weeks and then try it again whereas they do they really do creep up and it's you have to be very mindful and honest with yourself with what's going on with your facility this is a good way to interject the point that ketogenic diet is not just a if it fits your macros diet and it has an individualized approach with all the people you've worked with and they'll do that I give help with all your material you say that would you say that this is one of the most common things that people get stuck on maybe just looking at grams of fat or grams of carbohydrate they're eating and really they should be looking at it as an individualized approach yeah I would say there's a couple things that people get stuck on and the number one thing like what we already talked about is the food quality and I think that that ties really much in line with the macro counting and things it's like and also the dairy a lot of people think you know on that standard American diet okay let's increase fat and then the first thing they think of is well dairy has fat so I'll just eat the dairy and then you know 80 percent of their fat intake is you know of their calories maybe 60 percent of that is all dairy so I think - that whole conversation about the food quality is really important and does tie in with the macros you need to look beyond that because like you said when you when somebody says that they're not having success in the ketogenic diet my first question also is okay what are you eating and nine times out of 10 it's a bunch of garbage that isn't really gonna help you sure it'll get you into ketosis maybe but if you're inflammation gets that bad that your eating foods that you shouldn't that can even stop you from maintaining a good ketogenic state can also stress out your body a bunch can also lead to even I've seen blood sugar go crazy when people are eating foods they shouldn't be eating and then they can't get into ketosis and they're frustrated like oh this diet doesn't work and it's like no no wait just you know like have kale and you know saute that in coconut oil as opposed to you know like you said it cheese stick wrapped with bacon with sour cream like two very different yes people answer me I'm especially pretty prideful of the ridiculous Kingdom you lookin Salaria sometimes huh so you mentioned earlier as well when you went to this journey there's a few different things you notice one was not fasting excessively can you go into that a little bit and how that maybe you would play into how people would approach Canada net diet and intermittent fasting in particular yeah I think especially if you're first getting going and you've read like a couple of books and they're like oh my gosh keto now you don't have to eat as much and you can combine fasting a lot of the books that I read back in 2014 preparing are like you know transitioning over to keto and learning as I was doing it um said like fasting is gonna help you it's gonna be so great for keto it'll get you into a deeper ketogenic state I just thought that if you're not fasting you're not keto and I think a lot of people make this mistake when they first get going with keto is like okay I'm starting this ketogenic diet and I also have to only eat for six to eight hours a day so not only are you transitioning over to this diet that is quite different from probably the way that you've been eating you're also telling yourself that you can't eat during certain periods and I made the mistake of you know being in that diet culture it's like if it's if it's not hurting or it's not hard it's probably not working so it's almost like you want to struggle and you want to have a hard time with things to know that it's working so in the case of fasting I don't think there was a day in those first six months or I woke up not hungry like I was hungry and I wanted to have breakfast but I didn't allow myself to have breakfast because I thought that's what you did and that's a mistake I see a lot of people making is what should happen and what I've seen you know people have more success with is if you wake up and you're hungry have a ketogenic breakfast it's not a big deal I would recommend having something along the lines of lines of like greens with eggs and maybe a little bit of bacon or another type meat or having some sort of like fatty tea or bone broth with fat in it or something as opposed to just forcing yourself too fast when you're hungry what should be happening is if you wake up and you're not hungry you don't eat and you just waited until you're hungry and then you eat so for me I was just constantly pushing myself to not eat even though I was hungry and not allowing myself to eat and that's a mistake that I see a lot of people make so it's not like fasting is bad I think fasting is awesome but if you're hungry maybe you should have something I've also played around with using exogenous ketones to extend my fast so when I'm on a crazy book tour and there's like there's literally no time to eat it's not that I don't want to eat I just don't have the time I can extend my fast even though I am a little bit hungry I can just take some exogenous ketones and then extend my fast I don't recommend doing that all the time just because if you're hungry you should probably actually you know have food when you can and honor yourself and I'm I'm talking from you know experience and you know regulating my hormones and that's what's worked best for me but it can be a great tool if you're just really busy and don't have the time yeah there's some really good points he made it especially that you should be eating when you're hungry and so like you said when you would switch your diet and use a different energy system that's a huge stress to your body that it has to adapt to it's a positive stress generally but your body can only adapt to so many things at a time so then if you're also adding the stress of not eating and using different cellular repair mechanisms you're gonna again have another stress to deal with and so another point that I think it's relevant to this is that fasting is generally really good for reducing insulin spikes which has a whole host of benefits but that shouldn't happen when you have a ketogenic step breakfast like you talked about either so you're getting a lot of benefits from fasting by just doing a ketogenic diet and so I do the same thing I only eat when I'm hungry but I eat when I'm hungry and so people ask me how do you fast you is like a 16-8 window like do you do this every day is it every other day like well whatever I feel like it was lucky like you said whenever I'm not hungry which is the majority of time see how my day set up I eat a large meal at the end of the day so typically in the beginning of the day I'm not hungry here and so yeah that's one of the things I've noticed that people mess up on a lot too is I think that these things have to go hand in hand when you said it should be an intuitive approach to your nutrition and listening to your body if you if you're hungry another thing but food quality is that if you're skipping on that then it's really hard to find those real signs of hunger because you're not eating real food and getting real nutrients and are there any things that you've noticed working with people when they try to incorporate fasting at an excessive level that they feel symptom wise is it sluggishness is it how inflammation can kind of stress response up the stuff mmm that's a good question forcing yourself to fast even when you're hungry I'm trying to think of Oh binging yeah one of the main things that took me a little bit I'm like trying to think of the conversations I've had yeah binging is huge so what I normally see happening is somebody says very much similar to what you just said is you know do you do the 16:8 thing and then the 16:8 thing means to most people I do this every day this is what I do regardless this is this is what I do and so people will do that and do that and do that and they'll continue to maybe be hungry in the morning or hungry at night or maybe not even hungry when they're supposed to be you know quote-unquote eating so it just screws up their ability to really listen to their body and the more you wash your body that usually the louder it gets before it just stops talking to you and when it gets louder and louder and louder that's usually when a lot of people will start having food cravings and all of a sudden you're watching somebody pizza and you're like that looks so good and it just screws up a lot of your natural ability to understand what your body actually needs and you know it's very much like a muscle if you're not you know using that muscle it gets weaker and weaker and can also kind of fight back at you and cause you to eat more than you actually want I know when I was playing around with fasting and doing a 24 window which means I was fasting for 20 hours and then I'd eat for 4 hours of the day which I would never ever do again because the window is just so small I would all out binge for that entire period and be so uncomfortable and so full and just so not in touch with my body so that's probably one of the main things that I see people doing is it just goes way off the deep end and a lot of the times that can lead to people just getting completely off their ketogenic diets because they just feel like it's too it's already eat so much of a switch to begin with another hot-button item that I think you are checking but a lot is carb ups can you explain how you approach that and if that viewpoint has changed over the years it's so changed over the years so when I first started the ketogenic diet I swore off most carbohydrates I ate about 20 grams of carbs a day I counted absolutely everything I was quite a fat-burning machine come six months from then but I also had a bunch of issues so at that six-month point I was reading a whole bunch and researching everything and I happened on more of a cyclical ketogenic practice which at the time most people that were cycling through their carbs were bodybuilders and they were eating a ketogenic diet through the day and then pounding the carbs at night there was a big thing back then called carb backloading where I mean you can still go on YouTube and see at these big you know bodybuilders eating a ketogenic diet and then after their workout they go to Krispy Kreme and they get a bunch of donuts and pound them back and then their muscles get bigger and so then that was that's really all there was but now things have definitely changed and you know I I kind of looked at the two different sides of it on on one side you know when we eat carbs in the morning which is what I used to do before a keto you are further increasing your already elevated glucose and insulin levels you're probably gonna have brain fog and that's never a good thing it's an instant stop to your natural morning fat burning processes and other things and so I said you know I think this macro is definitely the answer to what I need like perhaps I remove too much of it but I also don't want to bring it back because if I eat those carbs throughout the day I'm gonna be dealing with the brain fog and the tendency to want to eat carbs more through the day and that's how I kind of transitioned over to okay well what would happen if I ate the carbs at night and so we're not talking about a lot of carbs you know if you think of your body you know when I'm on a book tour or something I jump back and forth through this day so I'll try to do it just with my voice but on one side when you are a glucose burner you are burning glucose that is what you do you're not metabolically efficient when you start eating keto your body's like slowly moving over to wanting to burn fat and it's like okay I'm not really sure of this but we're just gonna go with it until you really get into that fat-burning mode when you're in that fat-burning mode it's quite effortless for you to burn fat but you can also burn glucose quite easily so you can jump back and forth quite effortlessly once your body gets attune to being able to burn fat and prefer fat so what I started doing is in the evening once a week when I first got started it was just once a week I would have like a small sweet potato with my meal and I would take out some of the fat from my ketogenic meal of for just dinner and I would put in some of the carbs so if I were having you know a high fat meat like brisket sauteed with bacon grease I would maybe you know choose a chicken thigh without the skin and then put in a sweet potato so you're kind of taking out some of the fat putting the carbs in and then I would eat that carb I would go about the evening I would sleep I would wake up and I'd be back into ketosis and I'm like wait a minute what like I would test my blood ketones they would be fine I would feel fine and so I continued doing that and I found the more often I did it the better my hormones responded and so you know what I see is if people are you know having carb up say what I went to is every day I was I was highly in fat-burning mode I was still registering ketones about one point five to two point three depending on how many carbs that I had I would eat keto all day and then if I was doing carb ups every day it was like a small amount of carbs at dinner like half an apple on a salad like that's really all it took and then the next morning I would feel great and I would it was easier for me to fast I was slowly starting to be able to build more muscle my sleep quality was getting better my mood was getting a whole bunch better so I just continued on that until I got my period back and then slowly pulled back to the point where now I probably have a carb up maybe once every two to three weeks okay so yeah I mean this is another thing where it's been a in adaptation and not a rule and I think that's really important for people to realize also you're eating a small sweet potato or half of an apple not gorging yourself on cherry turnovers yes you're doing you know a massive amount of inflammatory food that you body has to recover from you know over a course of a week yeah it's great that you mentioned that too because a lot of people hear me say carb ups and they're like did she save pound 300 grams of carbs of anything you want and I'm like nope didn't I did not say that I didn't say that no we're talking about like a small amount like maybe cook up half a plantain like don't go crazy with it and always baby step it because you know you're in fat-burning mode you can maintain there it's best to just start off small see how you react and move up if you need it's worse you know if you start off with 300 grams of carbs and then you're like well that didn't work it's like yeah well clearly you're gonna feel totally hungover a good point you made is that you need to get into a fat-burning state first and then your body can have a little bit of metabolic efficiency to switch back and forth and it's not gonna be like the same time if somebody is just starting on a ketogenic diet and they switch over and the first say three four five seven days are not that great well they probably haven't used fat as a fuel source since they were a baby and so in that case it's gonna take a little while to upregulate some some transporters and some cellular metabolism to be able to use that fat but once you get that churning like you said you should be able to switch back and forth pretty easily and I noticed the same thing with myself I can you know I can eat maybe a little bit rice say at dinner if I'm doing a sushi or something like that next day you know if I'm not hungry just fast in dude normal kitchenette diet but into the next day I'm fully in ketosis again whereas if somebody was just starting they're not gonna have that same flexibility but it's something that your body starts to learn to be able to switch back and forth and that's something I think is very underrated in a community I were people again think of it as a rule instead of how you eat you know should be flexible you should be able to process carbohydrates if you do eat them again like you said they should be from real foods but it's not like your body can only do carbohydrate or only do fat and I think that having that flexibility super important yeah it's really frustrating when people think there's only one way to do such a spectrum and all of this stuff and so I don't want to ask you quick here so you're pretty much the the queen of keto and helping you know every single woman that is donkey - I feel like has followed your stuff and it's been fantastic you notice some things here with with fasting carbs and a lot of hormonal issues and the digesting food anything else that you've noticed that women particularly deal with am i ketogenic diet that either they is a myth or is a pitfall that they can fall into pretty easily that's a great question I think the calorie piece is also important to note when I first started the ketogenic diet and what a lot of women do is we just you know use our dietary goals to kind of influence how we want to approach our calories and so when I first started the ketogenic diet I said well I want to lose weight with this so I'm gonna eat 1,200 calories and so I did that for quite a long time with fasting and that's what caused all the issues so I think a better approach and what I've seen work better is when you start the ketogenic diet if you're a volume eater keep this in mind because about a lot of women face and even men - is if you'd like to feel the fullness and you use a bag of Costco size nuts to get full your that's not gonna work in your favor so they do you know calories do play a role but especially if you're a volume eater but if you don't like to feel the fullness and you're good with just like hey I ate I'm good then I would just go off how you feel for the first 30 days I wouldn't test anything I've seen testing be so detrimental to people's progress where you know they start the ketogenic diet and they're testing their urine they're testing their blood they're jumping on the scale four times a day and they're like why isn't this working and you know all that stress and dietary stress of switching over as well as the stress of macro counting and tracking and testing can actually stop you from getting in a ketogenic state that's what I see a lot of people I'm getting really caught up with especially if you have a history of dieting and so you're you know applying this 1200 calorie goal in mind and you're not eating enough plus you're trying to transition it's just all stress which can stop you from burning ketones so I think you know it's it's kind of like all things at once of problems and it all kind of stems off one another so if you're starting the ketogenic diet I would just say set the intention of eating a bunch of fat and lowering your carbs and do that for like two weeks until you get a really solid handle on it and then start you know okay well how many calories am i eating today you know do I like to feel the fullness can I replace some of the nuts and seeds that I'm eating in copious amounts with perhaps you know pairing romaine lettuce with high fat things so I feel the fullness but it's with a low carb vegetable that's not gonna impact much of anything and then you know when you get to thirty days maybe test your ketones so you're prepared to kind of bend and flex with that because a great example is my husband started eating keto when we brought in my first book tour event and he was doing really well and he was making great choices and he was feeling really good and I was starting to see the benefits quite quickly and then when we got home he tested his ketones and his ketones red 0.8 and then he got super upset and he's like you know I'm not doing good at this and there's you know I'm just gonna quit and he was doing great like so I think a lot of people just get caught up with the numbers when they don't need to necessarily I think the most important thing for all of us is to just feel good like that's why most of us start this is because we just want to feel better so if you're feeling better I think the numbers can actually make you feel worse even though you have the ability to feel better by just not caring as much about those now the story changes if you need like a therapeutic dose of ketones for your health and it's important but I think it's baby steps you know a couple of months in you can get really geeked out by the numbers and have a good sense of your body and tweak things and feel really good about it but when you're first starting out it could be just maybe too much and that's what I see a lot of women doing time and time again and just self-destructing for no is you and you recommend people to get started is it a food quality plus food quantity issue or do you just tell them to limit the carbs and get a lot of fat and then transition to a paleo ish style diet yeah so I you know it depends on where they're coming from if they're already paleo it's a pretty easy transition but if they're coming from a standard American diet my approach with my clients and my programs is okay let's first understand what a fat and a carb is and what a good fat and a good carb is okay now that you know that let's set the intention over the next week to eat all of the good fats and a little bit of the good carbs and just start there and then baby step it that way whereas there are other people that like myself if I want to do something I want to do it yesterday not two weeks from now so just tell me what I need to do I'll overhaul my entire life and get it done so if you're that type of person then it's like here are the good fats here are the bad fats here the you know low carb vegetables that you want to shoot for don't do these things you know on keto of like other processed foods and all of those things and even the sweeteners and going so far as talking about that and okay your macros are this and do that and some people thrive on that so it really just depends but I think the most important thing is setting a base of food quality and you know I always said when I was transitioning out of the really really strict keto over to what I do now is like I don't count my kale if I want kale I'm you know I was that girl sitting at my food scale being like OOP and then taking out a little leaf of kale and like Oh perfect that's 50 grams you know so I think that can be quite detrimental any recommendations on protein intake oh that's a good question some people react to protein I don't know if you've seen this in your own practice but I find that some people react to protein differently than others you know yeah my husband he can eat quite a lot of protein and staying ketosis quite effortlessly whereas myself if I eat too much I just don't feel right I'm like tones are massively reduced so I like to just say for the time being you know when you first start off with keto probably the best approach if you want to keep it really easy is your weight divided by two is how many grams you want to shoot for for protein just to sort of set a base so if you weigh 150 pounds then you would do 75 grams of protein and that's kind of the place you would start and I find my you know my the best place I can be with protein is 68 grams especially and that just took you know yeah 68 grams exactly if that is where it's best but that you know I've been doing this for four years so you know I tried 75 I tried 120 I went down to 50 and you just kind of get a feel for where you feel best and for women especially and something that we haven't chatted about is it changes with where I'm at in my cycle so I find that I need more protein when I am ovulating versus perhaps a couple of days before my period whereas I need carbs at a certain time so you also have to pay attention to where you're at in your cycle and whether or not your macros need to be shifted depending on where your point so one thing I like to ask all the guests on the show or how they approach each of the four pillars of health it I like to think of one nutrition to movement and then the other is stress and sleep so we talked a little bit obviously you have sixty eight grams of protein eating the day you do fasting intermittently whenever you feel like it but what is what a typical meals look like for you and then if you get a tip or one thing that people can do to change their nutrition after you convention what you go through yeah so for my meals I usually fast in the morning I'm not a big breakfast person I never have been and so when I switched over to keto it was like what do you mean I don't need to eat breakfast anymore this is a sweet uh-huh so if I am you know in interviews and I'm talking all day like for example today um if I do get a little bit hungry and I just don't have time I'll usually do like a bone broth um if I'm at home and I can and then I start the day eating usual around 1:00 p.m. that's kind of where I find is the best time for me and what what all my meals look like when I'm eating solid food is basically like a bunch of greens cooked with some sort of fat and some sort of protein also cooked in fat with maybe like a I do sometimes a little bit of pumpkin seeds on there I really love the mixed greens like you get at Costco and I just make big salads out of that and like drench it in olive oil with a little bit of pumpkin seeds and I like chicken thighs that's kind of my go-to and I cook those up in coconut oil or whatever fat I have and that's usually what I eat for lunch and dinner some sort of variation of that I try not to overthink it it's you know oftentimes when I share my pictures on Instagram of my food people are like do you have a recipe for that I'm like no it's literally cauliflower with bacon and coconut oil like there was no recipe just put it in a pot wait five minutes eat it like so I try to keep things really really simple when it comes to meals um you mentioned movement I like hiking I realized I actually hate going to the gym I don't like going to the gym I don't like that experience we live full-time in our RV and we travel all over so also finding a gym and dealing with out in new cities is just a headache so instead we hike every day and we find new places and we get out in nature and I enjoy that and I think for movement it should be really important to find something that you love to do and that you enjoy doing therefore you'll do more than something that you I'm gonna do more that's the stuff that you like to do that's what you actually do yeah yeah like today I can't wait to finish all my calls so we can go climb the mountain like and I'm really excited because we're gonna see new things and different rocks and you know we take breaks I mean look at the different rocks and the different plants and I'm learning things and I'm googling stuff like why does this rock have this for me I'm kind of geeky that way but it's cool because you know you're learning and you're walking and you're going up a mountain or down a mountain or across the prairies or whatever you want to do it's just nice to love what you do when it comes to them of your body so that's one of the tips for movement do you manage that you management mentioned before and how you approach that but any other techniques that you use yeah stress I like to do breathing exercises a lot I am known for my breathing exercises and that's just you know if I'm feeling a little bit overwhelmed and I just need a moment I'll close my eyes and count to five up and five down and then six in and six out and then seven in and seven out until I've kind of calmed myself and counting your breaths in and out and increasing that way is something that I learned in yoga many many years ago and it's kind of just stuck with me and that's usually all I need to kind of get out of a funk and also stress is massively reduced with my movement practice so I'm very good at being like okay I need to step away from my laptop right now I need to go for a walk and just to move my body and get outside and get some sunshine and also you know setting up clear boundaries for myself and learning how to say no to people that was a big one when it came to the stress of like you can't do everything you don't want to do everything choose the things you like doing and you know say no to the things you don't want to do I don't want to you know we're staying in the u.s. right now my family's in Canada I don't want to fly up to Canada for the holidays with flights and family and food and all the things I just want to you know be quiet this year and that's okay and that's what you feel like doing and a lot of people I think get a um anxious about making choices for themselves and feel like it's selfish but you know you have to put yourself first that you can show up bigger for the people that you really care about so that's something that I've incorporated a lot how does it sleep in an RV really great unless we yeah we've been doing a lot of that I think you know there are certain places where unfortunately you have to park on the side of a highway and it's really really loud we do not like staying in RV parks which is where we are currently so those are just loud er there's more people we love boondocking which is dry camping where you just set up camp in the middle of nowhere and there's no humans there's no nothing and then sleep is just the best it's the best sleep it's amazing and I think you know as long as we don't watch TV too late or we're not working too late then I usually have a good sleep but I think it depends on you know how you set up your evening I really love having quiet time before we go to bed or we're not really doing much of anything maybe we're playing a game and just taking it easy that can be a nice way to wind down but yeah it's been it's been awesome in our view before I don't really aim for anything I think the main thing is just I really don't like setting an alarm and I'm able to do that now that I work for myself and it's taken a while but my my magic time is I go to bed around 10:45 I'm probably asleep by 11:00 and I wake up like at 7:30 7:30 8:00 somewhere in there and I don't set an alarm I just wake up naturally and so I find that that's kind of like my sweet spot if you if you don't have the ability to set you know to just sleep till when you want something that I did when I was working as I just go to bed a little bit earlier until I woke up naturally at a certain amount of time so you can kind of play the opposite game of okay well if I go to bed at 9:00 o'clock if my alarm goes off you know am I already awake or if I go to bed at 8:30 is my when my alarm goes off on my already awake and kind of play that game of you know set your alarm but try to make sure that you're up just before it goes off so you can kind of play around and see what time it's best for you to wake up but my time is like 7:30 to 738 68 connects protein flow you tube Joe or one of the few places where I consider you recommend people to learn with a ketogenic diet is there anywhere else that you want to show people where your content lives or anywhere to find anything else about you yeah so you can head on over to my blog healthful pursuit for kind of like all the podcasts all the YouTube videos in one place and my podcast name is the keto diet podcast I know super original mmm and then you can get my book at any bookstore really you can also get it on Amazon it's bright it's orange it's in a lot of the cost goes to so you can probably find it there yeah and that's those are all the places also on Instagram I love Instagram it's just healthful pursuit you can even search for like keto Leanne I think your podcast again is just tremendous I've been lucky enough to be on there a couple times and every time just such great questions and great community of people who listen to that show so good work thank you so so much for doing what you do and focusing on quality in the community I think that's super important that a lot of people aren't doing them and I know you busy schedule so we'll get out the point here but happy to help you get the phone with you and we'll chat soon okay yeah thanks so much for having me take care all right everyone thanks for listening to another episode of the keto answers podcast I hope you enjoyed it but even if you didn't I would love a review just go over to iTunes wherever you listen your podcasts I'm popping in a review so we can get found by more people get better guests and have the information that you need to please go to iTunes where every lesson your podcast and in this review if you need a keto heading over to perfectio comm slash podcast and into your email for all our top tips and guys and getting start with the community I'll thanks we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @cesteres [2 likes]: You are probably super smart but you speak too fast

- The Truth About Protein | Dr. Gabrielle Lyon & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en what would be the amount of protein that you would have everybody eat what in terms of a number of grams per pound or kilogram of body weight that's actually an easy question one gram per pound ideal body weight total body weight not ideal body weight actually where you want to be if an individual is 200 lb but but would prefer to be 150 lbs then I would have them eat towards their ideal body weight there's no evidence that a higher protein diet is detrimental to Kidney Health to bone health and we use these terms Loosely like a high protein diet when we have to recognize that 8 grams per kg is a low protein diet so where did the idea come from that if you eat say one gram of quality protein per pound of ideal body weight that you're going to get gout you're going to have liver issues you're going to have all sorts of issues where did that idea come from uh frankly I'm I'm not sure but the conversation around dietary protein has probably been the most controversial why do you think that is I mean we don't we're not trying to get political here I'm just so I have some ideas but uh I I won't share them but I fine I do feel as if um nutrition is not just Science Nutrition is complicated because it's something that people tie emotion to they tie religion to they there's um a lot that goes into dietary protein and food recommendations in general but it sounds like we can safely say that if you eat one gram of protein per pound of ideal body weight that you're not going to cause liver damage or get gout or increase your risk of cancer right my understanding is that even if it comes from red meat there's no increase in risk of cancer is that right well um here's what I would say to that I would say that this idea about red meat and cancer number one we would have to even Define what kind of cancer that we're talking about there's many different types of cancers and there's many different causes it would be important to understand what risk factors are and a primary risk factor to many cancers is obesity the question then becomes how do we design a diet that mitigates obesity the evidence is also very clear that a more protein forward diet optimizes body composition and you combine that with resistance training and you will see a tremendous amount of change I worked on some of these early studies and I'll I'll share with you some of the um early studies and this came out of Don Layman's lab with the University of Illinois both you and L Norton both work there did you overlap there we did and while he was what was he like no I'm just came so let's just say he sat in the back of the class and I sat in the front okay all right there you heard it shots fired um and all kidding s Side Lane is a very he's like my brother we've known each other for 20 some years and he's a very popular guest former guest on this podcast and a very spirited guy I just like to say I don't know why his skin looks that good but um whatever so I work love you Lane I worked on yes we do I worked on some of these early studies and this was these studies were some of the first studies to come out about dietary protein nutrition and resistance training in in fact to my knowledge and to I think the knowledge of many of my colleagues this was the first study and what it was it was um a it was a 12 month study 130 overweight men and women so it was robust and basically what they did is they had um two groups one group was a food guide pyramid diet so it was 55 grams of carbohydrates a RDA of protein which was point8 grams per kg and 30% fat 30% fat was in both groups the second group was 40% carbohydrates this is remember the Zone diet 40 3030 yeah I liked that diet okay I mean there's evidence I mean I don't follow it anymore but you know I tried it for a little while and and it works great and there's some evidence to support that that is a great ratio for people coming off the lowfat era of the late '90s the Zone diet felt like um the best thing ever because it was like oh you know you can enjoy some fats and wow your satiety has improved and um you get stronger you just feel better when you're ingesting some ideally quality fats that's my experience anyway and also we know that it influences hormonal status you don't want to push uh fats too low so the second group had a 40 303 split so it was 40 gram of carbohydrates 30 grams of protein 30 gram or 30% fats these are all percentages yeah 40 30 40% now right we didn't talk so much about the distribution but what is really important to understand is they were isocaloric so they both had the same calories the difference was the percentage of where the calories came from and how they were given um and there was actually four different arms to this so there was individuals that exercised and individuals that didn't okay so either zone diet or let's call it I hate to say this but more standard American diet that's how it was designed standard American versus zone diet so it was designed that way and then exercising or non- exercising for for each of the for this 12 month study um and by the way I had to to pack a bunch of meals it was not pretty and I had to do urine analysis it was terrible um but anyway this besides the point so the first group had um a protein distribution of 10 G in the morning 15 at lunch and 45 at dinner kind of standard American diet steak for dinner yeah some cereal for breakfast with a little bit of milk and then for lunch like a sandwich exactly and so this mirrors what people do the other group had 45 grams of protein at that first meal six five six eggs five six eggs um 35 grams of protein at lunch and 35 g of protein chicken breast and a salad at lunch with a little piece of toast and then at dinner how much um it was it was 35 G all right piece of fish and some rice and a vegetable but it was an even distribution so what you're seeing here is now these meals are meeting a loosing threshold of muscle protein synthesis now it's 10 this is collectively 130 individuals and they were they were older um I think that they were all in their 40s or Beyond if we just compare first the groups that did not exercise to different diets what what did they see what did you see you participated in the yeah un yes I did and said un unforunately no I I won't um but what was so interesting is that those individuals everybody lost weight so the average weight loss um gosh I wish I had better handwriting but I'm a doctor and so it's pretty bad um the average weight loss was 24% greater in the high protein group so they lost 24% and you said it was isocaloric between the two groups was it subc caloric overall I mean people were that's a very smart yes it was 500 calories less than what they needed to maintain body weight correct okay got it so 24% more weight loss total total in the group that distributed their protein evenly in and followed the so- called Zone Diet 40 3030 and they lost more fat than the high carbohydrate group so the high protein group lost uh a total of 16 pounds versus the calorie controlled group lost 11 pounds of fat of fat which is great everyone's at home thinking this is wonderful isocoric isocoric but the the thing here is the lean body mass change so again this was done using dexa and we know dexa only looks at lean body mass you mentioned dexa earlier just very briefly is dexa how does dexa work not not not at a mechanistic level what what does it look like I go into the clinic am I floating in water am I holding I'm holding the the paddles because you're Andre hubin no no no but um you hold the paddles and it um and you're standing on something it's what's it so a dexa you just lay on depending on the machine you can just lay on this machine and it's a a dual X-ray and it it um measures bone fat and then lean body mass okay that's sufficient for this conversation great so the lean body mass um lost and again this is everything other than bone and body fat so that was 34% in which group uh in the standard American diet group okay versus 26% in the high protein group now where it gets fascinating so what the big takeaway is is understanding that protein had a sparing effect protein protected muscle more body fat loss at the same caloric amounts yes same amount of deficit relative to body weight right in this group exercise was not introduced so this was purely the food guide pyramid um changing protein in the morning versus having it at um two small meals and then having it at dinner and did they emphasize what we're calling high quality protein they did okay that is also very important meat fish eggs chicken Etc yes they did so then this led to another study so then the second study was a 2 by two design and this is oh sorry sorry to interrupt in that previous study what was the effect of exercise between so we didn't they didn't do exercise sorry that was my fault we they did not do exercise they were just doing whatever that it was that they were doing um but what was so important to understand was that this set the stage for this idea that protein had a sparing effect and then following that the other studies so then there was a series of a few other studies um the second study looked at diet and exercise so this combined effect so this was one of the first studies and this was 48 women with a BMI ey of 33 46 years old so this is your post Perry postmenopausal woman who um was either in one of four treatment groups a low protein group low protein with exercise high protein high protein with exercise the low protein group was defined as the RDA point8 grams the high protein group was defined as 1.6 gram kg so starting to approach that one gram per pound G yeah so starting to get there but not quite there yeah so this was um a 16 weeks study and what they found overall was that the high protein group lost 18% more body fat and 25% less lean mass overall and 12% more total body weight and so now we start moving into this synergistic effect of dietary protein and resistance training and was the type of exercise that they performed there resistance training this is the good news it didn't take much it was 5 days a week of walking 30 minutes and two days a week of resistance a training with just body weight it was like yoga activity so air squats down dogs some Warrior poses maybe some handstand attempts so yeah are you doing handstands no been to some yoga class is where I look to the sides of me and people are doing some pretty difficult things lanches and things like that definitely not me do not invite me life is better this way I'm not going to those classes but 16 weeks they did a high protein with protein and exercise those individuals so now so the the study the the group that I just mentioned this was dietary intervention alone with exercise High Protein Plus exercise exercise very simple exercise so if someone is listening to this and they're thinking what can I do to make very practical changes to massively impact my life outside of hormone replacement outside of any Super Supplement outside of anything diet in exercise has a dramatic effect those individuals that were doing 1.6 grams per kg which is 7 gram per pound of body weight plus exercise lost 46% more body weight that's substantial 60% more fat and 40% less fat-free Mass from organs you know muscle whatever that is you know compared to the low protein group plus exercise and was it sub caloric were they below below Maintenance Weight it was so they're eating to ideal body weight um but still 500 calories or so below their current caloric needs to maintain body weight [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubermanLabClips [24 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "How to Exercise & Eat for Optimal Health & Longevity | Dr. Gabrielle Lyon." The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/WFcYF_pxLgA
  2. @spsnyder2 [7 likes]: Huberman, the best podcasts, from a listener's perspective, is when the listener gets to hear everything the guest has to say without constant interruption or "participation" from the host.
  3. @mat..n.7061 [1 likes]: The fact that our civilization is thousands years old and we still argue how much we have to eat, what to eat, when to eat, how much water do we have to drink, when, etc etc, is crraaaaazzzyyyyy....
Eat real food, drink water, sleep, and move... end of the non-sense.
  4. @salvadorpuente8716: she looks like the woman that does my hair removal at the "aesthetics clinic." Look at the thumbnail pic... did she get 2 buccal fat removal surgeries?
  5. @siblue37: Wow she agreed with more protein that’s a surprise she only talks about protein 24hrs a day ..😳😂
  6. @yourbore: Anyone else get creepy vibes from this ladies eyes?
  7. @ad-ross: She has done a great job in this space.  Even against the longevity "experts"
  8. @creativesource3514: What about mTor and longevity???
  9. @tred9513: So I need to eat, 200g of protein a day, if I consume these via whole foods, include for some carbs, healthy fats, micro nutrients etc, I est I'll be consuming 3000 Kcal/day, even with my workout routine I'm going to be gaining weight?? Still looking into good sources of natural protein with low calorie content (I want to eat chicken breast 3 times a week...)
  10. @aronlane4664: This isn't going to age well
  11. @masseradumas: This episode should have involved the people who conducted the studies themselves. I lost trust the moment I saw the way she clarified the question at 9:20-9:31, “ they were just doing whatever they were doing…”
  12. @kansiiimebrian5254: How much protein???
Every scientist has a different answer.
I dnt know why
  13. @jenniferwinston7842: What about kidney stress and dehydration. High protein can be detrimental for people with POTS
  14. @wendygagne3240: The number of times this poor woman cannot get a full sentence out without huberman interrupting has been the most frustrating talk to listen to🎉😂😂
  15. @cjfash5165: It's so disheartening to see two well-educated individuals talking about 'LOOSING WEIGHT' in a study as a good thing. Damn...
  16. @cathyvdm7616: I need help please? As a 50-year-old female weighing 55kg, my objective is to build muscle without gaining or losing weight. Could you advise on the optimal daily protein intake for this goal?
  17. @Starchaser63: Exceptional circumstances require higher protein ( intensive exercise,  pregnancy,  elderly  , suffering with Sarcopenia etc )  otherwise the level of protein  / amino acids  have to be " Adequate "   ❤
  18. @765lbsquat: I workout hard, so my body needs 250-300 g of protein a day just to maintain. If I want to get bigger muscles I need to eat 350-400g a day. Almost everyone doesn’t eat enough protein
  19. @MuhammadAbuBakar-wd8hx: I am 40 kg and want to gain weight up to 70 kg , do I need to take up to 154  gram of protein?
  20. @quinnbodyandperformance3162: There is only 3 macros we can put in our mouths. Only 3 and.high car and fat...well we all know  how that goes. Just try this that Ms. Lyon professes for say 10 to 14 days. Try it. You decide. Cannot believe we are still in the fear of pritein phase.

- The Only 3 Supplements Women 40+ Actually Need | Backed by Science: Kind: captions Language: en That's another area where women I think get pretty overwhelmed. I feel like the first question I typically get asked is what supplements do I need to buy and they're spending money on on like green powders and on collagen or on fat burners random I don't know menopause like blends. Who knows what the out there now? >> And half the time they don't they don't even know what it's for. So I'd love for you to just like cut through the noise and like what's actually worth it. And while you just brought up creatine, I would love to you to dive down that because creatine is getting a lot of attention right now for in very positive ways and I would just love your take on it. >> Yeah. So if we think about supplementation, it's like the icing on the cake, right? And we see that it is highly unregulated and people are thinking, "Oh, I need to take this and that and this and that. I need my multivitamin. I need my greens." But it's like, let's look at the diet first. like we can really get what we need from our diet and then it's a supplement for a reason. It's to supplement the whole foods. It's not to take the place of what we're eating, but to supplement. So, if you know that you are low in magnesium, then you take it. But for the most part, we know most women will really benefit from omega-3s, vitamin D, especially in perry and post-menopause, and creatine, creatine monohydrate. So, those are the big three. So, we think about why we want omega-3 fatty acids because they're really good at um antioxidative properties. So, this is when we're looking at our cells and they're under a lot of stress and we get free radicals. Omega-3s come in and help with mitigating some cellular damage. And when we're thinking about perry and postmenopause and our body's under a lot of stress and our cells are going through a lot of changes and relying on different um signaling, we want to support it with omega-3s. Also for our brain, it's really important for brain health as well. >> We think about our creatine monohydrate. This is again one that is getting a lot of press and we see it's the most studied supplement in all of the research across years and it's super beneficial for health and performance. It used to have the big bodybuilding idea of you want to load creatine for increasing the bulk and the ability for your muscles to do muscle work, but we're not talking about those high doses. We're looking at three to five grams a day. Over the course of three weeks, your body will fully saturate. And what does it do? Right? This is the big question. I should take it, but what does it do? Creatine is really important for every fast energetic in the body. So, we think about the brain and how fast we have neural connections. All of that relies on our ATP, CP um fueling system and creatine is part of that. We think about our gut, we think about our heart, we think about also muscle performance. All of those require creatine. Women have about 70 to 80% of the stores that men do by the nature of having less muscle mass. And unfortunately, women don't eat enough to really supply what they need. So when we start looking at the research and understanding how important it is, as we get all older, we also store less. So it's important to get that creatine in. We see more and more studies coming out that when you're under fatigue and you're under high stress, if you are dosing with creatine five grams twice a day, it improves the capacity to be more stress resilient. We see uh people who have IBS or gut issues and we see a lot of uptick in gut issues in pmenopause because of a disconnect of our estrogen receptors. Creatine helps maintain the integrity of our intestinal cells because we now have the um creatine that's there to kind of keep the mucosa lining intact even under stress. So there's so many benefits for it and we see that it's beneficial in pregnancy as well because again pregnancy is a fast energetic and highly uh calorie um I guess you have a lot of calorie requirement when you're trying to build something and so you have all these energetics that are happening and creatine is very beneficial >> and then that brings us to vitamin D right vitamin D3 a lot of us don't spend enough time outside and even the time we spend outside isn't enough to bring our levels up to where they are needed and it's really important for things like osteoporosis prevention. We see it's important for muscle and immunity also really important for brain health and the research on vitamin D is still growing. >> So those are the big three for women. >> Back to the creatine uh breakdown really quick. One question that I have for you is how about taking it on like rest days? Can you sure you take it every single day? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. >> Yeah. I love the positive press getting on using >> I know. Me, too. I love it. It's great. >> Yeah. Um, how about any supplements that you would say are being like overhyped or unnecessary? Uh, almost everything else. No, just kidding. I mean, that's a fair response. >> Um, the preworkouts, like I get questions on pre-workout all the time. >> Yeah. like it's a way to like jack you up. But if you're really looking at the efficacy of a preworkout, it's beta alanine and caffeine. >> Those are the two things that are allowing you to feel less fatigue and to improve muscle function because beta alanine is a vasodilator also provides some of the essential uh I guess co-enzymes your body or your muscles need for faster contractions. So that's like the the pre-work workouts are just astronomically expensive and not very efficacious. Um I get like all the menopause hormone or menopause hormone supplements that are out there and uh you know all these things like mapprove and black kohash. No, let's look at other things first. >> Nutrition first, right? >> Nutrition first. Yeah. And collagen is the other one where I get frustrated with collagen because people think about collagen peptides and collagen protein as being dietary protein for muscle and neurotransmitters. Y >> where it's a specific structural protein that goes to hair, nails, joint. And there is some research there to say that taking collagen supports those structural things. But it's hit or miss depending on what kind, what type when you take it. So people are like, I eat have a lot of protein with my vital proteins or, you know, my collagen proteins. Like, no, it's not the same. >> So, just to be clear there, it doesn't count towards your protein intake for the day. >> No, it does not. >> Thank you. >> It does not. Yes. >> I appreciate how clear you make all of that because there's just there's a lot of confusion out there. It's like >> Absolutely. Yes. Yeah. >> Get the foundation right and don't you don't need to all the things. >> Right. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Cool.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EmilyFlowerGirl43 [96 likes]: Girls I just want to say to never give up on your weight loss journey. I lost 50 pounds in few months. Feels like everything I knew before was a lie.
The main thing is chasing discipline and not perfection. Don't give up the same moment you eat a snack. That won't reverse all the progress you've made. Also, one of the most important things if you are trying to lose fat is diet. You are what you eat and that is the most real thing ever. Weight loss isn't hard it's just that you don't know enough (believe me I thought I knew everything until recently and I've been trying to lose weight for years).
Isabelle Kanoka said in her weight loss book (the book that changed my life) that the number one most important thing is being disciplined, then comes diet and then exercise (although I kind of skipped that part, ooops). She goes into way more things (sleep, stress, intoxicants etc.), but I'm not gonna write an essay here.
Once again don't give up, if I did it then you can too ❤
  2. @gupndors [3 likes]: I'm taking D3, K2(mk3), Omega 3 oils, magnesium for leg cramps(now gone), turmeric, Vitamin C in winter flu season, elderberry gummies in flu season, chewable probiotic Including L.reuteri, Akkermansia probiotic, occasionally zinc. Daily matcha tea, english breakfast tea, coffee, pomegranate and cranberry juice shot. Apple cider vinegar in water daily.
Zero sugar, almost no processed foods just mostly organic real foods including meats, eggs, cheese, butter, cook with lard, lots of leafy greens, berries, greek yoghurt, Mediterranean style eating. 60, zero medication and feel great, no colds or flu for donkeys years.
  3. @tinaramlugon1867 [3 likes]: I have run out of questions,as they will never be truly answered by these unworthy politicians.😢
  4. @lauragorocica5974 [3 likes]: What’s you opinion on berberine?
  5. @akarnaze1 [2 likes]: I heard you should do 1 month on and 1 month off of creatine bc it’s bad for your kidneys. Can someone address this?
  6. @Tinyteacher1111 [2 likes]: Right to the point! Thank you!
  7. @LadysodaPH [2 likes]: Good thing I am not accounting my collagen to my daily protein intake. Though admittedly, I need to be more very intentional with hitting my daily protein numbers. Thanks for this!
  8. @panda.aesthetic7860 [1 likes]: Can you take 3-5 g of creatine even though you don't train but are actively moving thougout the day ?
  9. @donnadiciacco3525 [1 likes]: You mentioned Creatine Monohydrate - what about Creatine HCL?
  10. @rgomoffat [1 likes]: Creatine monohydrate
  11. @ash.limitlessyou [1 likes]: Thank you for this!!
  12. @doctorevelynreed [1 likes]: Great Topic
  13. @lisacampbell658: I just turned 56 and been going through a menopause for about five years now I have a new man and we are having a bunch of sex and I’ve gained weight and so and so forth and I need to know the supplements I need to take to keep up with him. I keep coming across this URO. I’m not sure what to take it all. Can you help?
  14. @Maria-jl2pd: D-Manosse for healthy bladder. Scientifically proven to help reduce UTIs in women prone to them. However, if you are a menopause queen, vaginal estrogen is a better idea. Check with your doctor!
  15. @rachelkelders5676: I think I take way too many supplements. Going to narrow it down and drink bone broth daily. It can be tough to get everything from the diet but I definitely want to cut down on supplements
  16. @BirdLisa: The supplement you need is the one you are deficient in. Check ferritin!
  17. @laurietarpey6163: I thought omega 3s were poorly absorbed from supplements vs from food.
  18. @jessicaheld4642: Can I take Creatine if I had a kidney stone?
  19. @kellypond9377: When is the best time/way to take creatine? I'm 68+ female.
  20. @lexi_mazzillo: Doc Stacy, for your information on post menopause (thank you btw!), does this still stand for a woman who has had a total hysterectomy?

- The Body Reset: How Women Should Eat & Exercise for Health, Fat Loss, & Energy | Dr. Stacy Sims: Kind: captions Language: en it often has felt like to me as I've learned more and more like oh my God wait a minute we've just kind of treated women and our health almost like if you're golfing there's the tea That's further back for the guys and there's the tea that's a little bit like closer for the women and we're just going to treat everybody the same but shrink it a little bit we'll take running shoes or a bicycle all they do is they make it a little bit smaller maybe put some pink on it and say it's a woman's product we experience things differently as women than men do but that's not ever really explained when we look at the trends of the fasted training don't eat be it's all on maale data if you look at most women who make a point to get up do some training go exercise and after four weeks of following the same kind of training program as their male partner their male partner has gotten leaner fitter better focus all of the things that you want at of fitness and the woman's like how come I'm fatter and tired we have gotten into a societal idea that we all live in the same kind of temperature we have automatic garage door openers we have created this environment where we don't move and if we're talking about how do we just make one small change to improve our mental health that's exercise hey it's your friend Mel welcome to the Mel Robins podcast I am absolutely thrilled that you're here I am on such a I don't even know what to say it I feel so excited about what we're talking talking about today it is going to be liberating is such an honor to spend time with you to be together with you but especially when we're going to have a conversation that is going to light you on fire and make you feel both mad and empowered let's freaking go and if you're a new listener I want to take a moment and just welcome you welcome to the Mel Robbins podcast family and boy have you picked a winner of a conversation to listen to because you made the time to listen to this particular episode here's what I already know about you you're the type of person who values your Health you want the facts you want the science you want results and that's what you deserve and if someone sent this to you that's really cool it's because they care about you and they want you to have the science and the facts and the correct information so that you can take better care of yourself too I cannot wait for you and I to learn from Dr Stacy Sims today now Dr Sims is a globally recognized expert in women's health exercise physiology and nutrition science she has a PHD in exercise physiology and nutrition science she's on the faculty at Stanford teaching about lifestyle medicine and at Ackland University of Technology teaching sports medicine she is a renowned researcher and has directed research programs at Stanford Auckland University of Technology and the University of yat and she has published check this out7 peer-reviewed research papers which in normal persons speak is a a ton her research has revolutionized how women mhm women approach Fitness especially during menopause and hormone changes she's the author of two groundbreaking books Roar and the next level she also has a daughter and just like me is in her mid-50s juggling a big career a marriage motherhood and hormone changes she has so much to teach you today and we are going to go straight for the Bro Science we are going to tell you the mistakes and the lies that you've been told we're going to tell you the truth based on the research about what works for women and what doesn't we're going to teach you why the things that you've been doing have been backfiring it's because you have been exercising like a dude and it is time for you to exercise like a woman I am so fired up for you to be here I am fired up to learn with you and I am fired up for all of the women and the young women in your life that you're going to share this with so please help me welcome Dr Stacy Sims to the melro podcast Dr Stacy Sims I am so thrilled that you're here in our Boston studios I've been waiting a long time to be able to sit down meet you and learn from you I'm just thrilled that you're here oh thanks for having me I'm excited have lots of fun and we have a lot to dig into and so here's where I want to start could you speak directly to the person that's listening and this is somebody who doesn't have a lot of time but they made the time yep to be here to learn from you okay what could that person expect might change about their life or feel different if they take everything to heart that you're about to teach us and share with us today and they use it in their own life I find there's two big things that often happen one most women become more empowered and have better body positivity and two they have a sense of separation from the stress and their own selves so they're able to take that step back from the stress of everything that's happening it's kind of like that pause moment because when you are taking care of your body then it feeds back into a lot of positive metrics so the big thing that I love is watching women go through an evolution to go from being not so confident in themselves to having such empowerment to be able to stand up and say I own this space and I'm taking it you know one thing that strikes me about your already is that you actually exude that oh thanks now you have a level of presence and power in your body and it's not just because you are in incredibly great shape in terms of muscle definition but it's it's actually something that's noticeable and so I think this goes beyond sort of that sense of separation of stress like what I experience in just sitting here with you is that you're actually embodied in the present and in your body and a lot of times when we're stressed out especially you know as caregivers and the amount of stuff that we do we're up in our heads and disconnected from our body yeah and so I'm excited to really learn from you because I want to feel more like the centered confidence and calmness that you just seem to move through a space with I'm good with the facade no just kidding thanks um yeah it does come from a lot of pushback I've had in my life so it's like putting being put into a pretty Mal dominant situation you have to find your feet and how do you move through that space and I found it through exercise strength all the stuff that we're going to talk about amazing so you have such an incredible background and I'm actually going to read it because it's quite a bit you know I've talked about this in when I was introducing you but you have a PhD in exercise physiology you're a researcher you're a former professional athlete you now trained professional athletes you're an expert in exercise physiology you have a long list of other Specialties like cardiovascular disease prevention Thermo regulation Women's Health you are a pioneering researcher that participates in her own studies and you have this incredible Mantra Dr Sims women are not small men yeah what does that mean yeah um I laugh when people say women are not small men because when we hear it we're like oh yeah that's right but it's started from when I was teaching at Stanford and wanted to wake some of the undergrads up after and lunch and afternoon sleepies come in and I was teaching about sex differences in training or high performance so I would started with women are not small men and people are like well of course not like that's you know women aren't small men but what I mean by that is everything from what happens in utero until we die is different for women than men so when we talk about women are not small men and we see all the guidelines that are out there for exercise all the guidelines out there for mental health for the connections the sociocultural pressures we experience things differently as women than men do but that's not ever really explained so when we say women are not small men it makes people take that pause and ask well what do you mean by that what topic so today what I mean by women are not small men is we're going to dive into exercise especially how what we do should change as we move through our lives what does that motto women are not small men mean in practice I think when we look right now at what's being portrayed in social media fitness Trends the medical Trends all of that data is really drawn from men and just generalized to women which is a huge disservice so I want women especially you as a listener on this podcast to take a pause whenever you see a new trend come up or someone pushing something to just go well where do this originate how does that appropriate for me as a woman in my phase of life and when you take that pause you begin to have an objection to some of the things that are being pushed on you and and an objective view of how you should approach things to make it beneficial for you I am so glad that we're starting here because um I am constantly shocked at the things that I think I should be doing and the things that I hear a lot of male Health experts talking about or a lot of the Bro Science or a lot of the kind of bro experts and the Fitness trends that are very dude oriented no offense to the guys I'm just saying that little bit yep shrink and pink is what we called it in the industry shrink and pink shrink and pink so uh we'll take running shoes or a bicycle all they do is they make it a little bit smaller maybe put some pink on it and say it's a woman's product it's so true I know and it's like wait that's not really appropriate you'll see in my book there's some pink and that's an oage to shrink in pink because that's what people think is honoring women by making it a little bit smaller let's bling it up with some color and we're going to call it a woman's product and that is not appropriate well the other thing that I think has been like really fascinating we're going to get into this is just that a lot of the research has only been done on men and there hasn't been research on how certain things have an impact on women and our hormones and our body structure and our composition which is as you've already said fundamentally different than that of somebody who's male yeah and so I'm excited for you to take a step by step by step and help us kind of tee up all the assump iions that we've all just kind of come to assume that work for men but don't work for women and what we need to know and need to be doing to actually work with our bodies and take better care of ourselves perfect so what's the most common mistake that women make by following male Centric Fitness advice uh they don't get any results and they end up what we call tired but wired I mean if you look at most women who make a point to get up do some training go exercise and it happens so often after four weeks of following the same kind of training program as their male partner their male partner has gotten leaner fitter better um cognition you know Focus all of the things that you want out of fitness and the woman's like how come I'm fatter and tired and I don't have any like increase in my fitness like my partner does and I see it all the time and I'm always explaining well one your partner might get up and go fcet training women's bodies don't respond well to facet training what's fcet training I don't even know what the heck this is like fcet training fcet training means you're not having any food before you go do exercise oh so well that's what I would always do like I would always literally like I'm going to eat after because my husband would eat after and then we would my mouth is on the floor you can see this on YouTube but like as you're listening I'm I'm processing this because I'm thinking how often I've been pissed off at Chris my husband yeah because will take on some challenge together and I'm like this is not fair like how is it that this is actually making you lose weight and I feel like I'm puffier and fluffier and tired and pissed off yep and I'm following the same steps I'm doing the intermittent fasting I'm not eating beforehand I'm slamming the thing after I'm doing and I'm like what the hell is going on and it this is because he's male and I'm female yep exactly and it comes really to the brain right so when we start looking just at first thing you get up and and our responses are different where women's Brains will start going okay where's the food to come in to help bring my stress hormones down and get me started for the day okay and Men by the nature of being XY their brain's like eh okay I'm going to supply some amino acids and some blood sugar and let's get on with the day then we'll find some food that's fine but women's brain specifically what we call the hypothalamus that is really sensitive to blood sugar and food coming in so if you get up and you start your your exercise without any food the hypothalamus is like wait a second this is a stress to the body that I need to really try to figure out but if I don't have food to counter the fuel that the muscles are needing from a contraction I need to find a way to supply that fuel so it goes into a little bit of a tizzy and one of the first things that starts to get broken down is your muscle M cuz muscle is a pretty active tissue and the hypothalamus is like well I don't know if I'm going to be able to supply the food that this muscle needs if I don't have any food coming in so it's a very small amount of food that a woman needs first thing in the morning to then go be successful in her training and it's even if you're going for a walk a lot of women will get up and go for a walk on the ospice are you with me like I are you in my house with me maybe Stacy I'm I'm sitting here thinking to myself S I think a lifetime of messaging about like thin is preferable yeah and that I want to maximize calories burned so I'm going to get up and I'm G to have a cup of coffee because I'm tired and I'm going to wire myself and then I you know back in the day would be going for a run or going to some sort of like Fitness class uh you know I'm old enough to have been doing step aerobics and everything else let's go um and now and and I've just carried that over yeah and I also then tell myself a story that I'm G to get a cramp or I'm gonna like want to throw up in my mouth if I'm doing something too much and I've had too much to eat and so this is a complete Le different change for me yeah and it's one that's going to be really super beneficial so every woman listening and every woman in your life if you're listening and your male needs to know that one of the biggest mistakes that we're making by following male Centric Fitness advice is we need as women biologically and physiologically speaking to actually have something to eat first thing when we get up yes yes and when we start looking at it I've I did a competition a couple of weekends ago just for fun and I had so many women come up and go the first thing that you did to change my life was to tell me to eat beforehand and now like my training's better my outcomes are better I have more energy and I'm like well of course cuz your brain is like I can handle this stress so if you are supplying fuel to the empty tank of course you're going to go far if you think about trying to drive a car and rev it up and get it on the highway to at speed with it on E it's not going to get very far so I try to explain to women if you're going to get up and even if you're going for a walk like you want to maximize what you're doing you want your metabolism to fire on all cylinders you want to get some aerobic fitness through that you need to supply just a little bit of fuel and it doesn't mean a full meal it could be the protein coffee it could be a couple of tablespoons of yogurt a half a banana it's not a lot but it's enough to bring your blood sugar up and tell your brain yeah I I've got this I've got this so the first change already small change but critical one for our biology and Physiology is you need to eat something before you move or exercise in the morning yeah and to also I think like the bigger thing here for me is that I'm starting to realize I've been so brainwashed about the fact that you need to be thin yes that it's a paradigm shift to actually think well wait a minute I need to learn how to work with my body and my natural wiring to make it work for me and to actually optimize the way that my body's designed as a woman right and one of the things that um has come up recently in conversations where uh some women who've just started into strength training realm or have dropped all of their you know big cardio walking because we all come from the 80s and 90s of let's do 90 minutes of aerobics and and that's not appropriate so they've gotten out of that mentality but they'll see other women at the gym who are on the litical or treadmill or out running and they look really lean m and they're like well I don't understand I kind of want to look like that but I know that I need to be doing strength training so I'm confused the women that are 40 plus who are doing the cardio for the most part they're going to be what we call skinny fat so that means that they're not going to have a lot of quality muscle there's going to be a lot of of fatty tissue within the muscle and their bones are going to be like chalk because if we are doing all that cardio work and we're not looking at how our bodies are aging and what we need we need the food before the training we need to put in some strength training then we're going to continuously be breaking down the tissue that we want to keep to age well so when we're talking about that mentality of well what do I do it's like these small steps of yeah let's have some food before let's look at how we are dosing our exercise what kinds of intensities let's bring in some strength training because all of those are going to feed forward to having our lean mass having really strong bones having really good neuroplasticity so that means how your brain changes in a positive way so as we age we don't get dementia so these are all the things that I would rather women focus on than the drive from the 9s to be Kate Moss thin because on the outside that drive to be super thin is killing us on the inside wow you you mentioned protein coffee yeah can you explain what that is and how that might satisfy the first takeaway which is eat before you move in the morning yes so a lot of women don't have an appetite first thing in the morning I'm one of those but I know that I need fuel so I'm very much a espresso addict I love it and one of the simple things that I do is I make a double espresso at night and I mix some protein powder into my alond milk or whatever milk you want and then I put the hot coffee in there and put it in the fridge overnight and then it's my go to first thing in the morning where then I'm getting my 30 gr of protein I'm getting my caffeine it tastes like a latte I'm good to go and so that's a first hit it's a first eating opportunity to bring in some of that protein that we need and if you're going to go do any kind of exercise knowing that exercise mutes your appetite then it also helps with that recovery part because you're going to have those amino acid circulating your brain's going to say hey yeah okay I've got stuff to rebuild tissue so it's a really really good way of being able to have what you need without feeling over full and still enjoying some of the good things of life like coffee well you've changed my life already yay because I've got two takeaways the first one is and I still want to stay on it so I actually understand why eating first thing before I move my body and having fuel first thing in the morning is actually super important and I want to unpack that a little bit more but I want to hover on the protein coffee because I'm drinking it right now you made me one in our studios here in Boston this is going to change my life and here's why I have struggled forever since I've learned and a lot of us are learning as women that focusing on more protein and especially getting protein first thing in the morning is super important and I'm always struggling with how the hell am I going to get 30 grams of protein first thing in the morning without choking down 10 egg whites and what do I do if I'm on the go and what do I do if I'm tired of eggs and what do I do if I don't have a blender near me and my stuff what do I like and so you literally took a scoop of protein shoved it in milk put in espresso stirred it up and put on ice it tastes like a freaking milkshake and what I love about this is that a I can make it the night before B it's 30 grams of protein in a cup which c means I could even take this on the walk with me I could take this in the car if I'm dropping my kids off somewhere I could make this on the road like this is such an incredible tip so thank you for that you're welcome what I want to do though Dr Sims is you mentioned that when women wake up our brains are different than the guys and our stress levels are higher and it is important to understand that and to give yourself a little bit of fuel MH what happens in your body if you do start eating breakfast in the morning or you CU a lot of women skip it a lot of women are now intermittent fasting a lot of people are waiting until noon a lot of people don't want to eat before they exercise because they don't want cramps or they like actually want to maximize calorie burn but what is the benefit to a woman in particular first thing in the morning if you give yourself fuel there's a few things to unpack there so first we look at eating opportunities because there's so many women who are one trying to lose weight or two or in the fitness space and following some of the trends that don't eat enough so if you aren't eating enough you're not going to actually change your body composition so we look at eating opportunities first thing in the morning 30 grams of protein boom that's an eating opportunity that you're not really feeling overly full but it's such a great benefit to the body and you're ahead of the game by having 30 grams of protein we also look at some of the newer research that's coming out about our circadian rhythms or how how our body goes through 24-hour cycle and for people who break their fast by around 8:00 a.m. and then they don't eat after 6:00 p.m. have all these great metabolic outcomes that you would expect from quote intermittent fasting but we see that people who hold a fast till noon or after don't get any of that benefit so if we look well why why is that we have to understand that half an hour after a woman wakes up we have a spike in cortisol that's our stress hormone if we don't have food to tell the brain to drop that then we stay in this heightened stress State and what cortisol is responsible for is that fight or flight but also providing fuel for being able to fight or flight so the first thing that goes is we start chewing into our lean mass which is bone and muscle and a signal to keep our body fat especially as we start to get older wait a minute so not eating and not eating because you think it's going to help you lose weight actually counterproductive it's counterproductive because it's signaling your body to stay in fight or flight which makes your body hold on to Fat yes are you kidding me no I mean when we look at the trends of the fasted training don't eat be it's all on male data and the difference between men and women in the situation is again it comes down to the brain so a man can get by with the fasted training because when when we're looking at getting up and holding a fast or going training without food for a man's body it stimulates the little molecular structures in the muscles to use more fat because their muscle structure and the types of fibers that they have are different than women's so men have what we call more glycolytic or fibers that use glucose and not as many oxidative or the fibers that use fat as a fuel women we're born with more of those oxidative fat burning fibers so when we go and we don't provide fuel the body's like I'm going to store fat because I'm going to need it because that's the preferred fuel for your muscles so men's bodies will start to adapt to be able to use more fat which is why you see fasting and holding a fast working so well in men but for women it doesn't do the same because we have different feedback mechanisms from the brain we have different muscle requirements because of different morphology we call it or different muscle fiber types so this is where you know we start looking at all the stuff that we've been trained to do over the decades and how counterproductive and harmful it can be for women who are trying to improve body composition and Bone wow now does eating first thing in the morning because you mentioned the Circadian rhythm for a woman also help you sleep better at night absolutely how come because if we're look looking at decreasing our overall stress response so that cortisol bringing the cortisol down over the course of time you're going to have a lower Baseline of that cortisol if you have a lower Baseline of cortisol then your body can get into what we call parasympathetic so that's what you need to sleep if you have this high elevation of cortisol all the time we're always sympathetically wired so we can't get into deep reparative sleep so you see a lot of Awakenings the other thing that happens when women frontload their Foods so we have a lot of of our calories in the day which we should then when we go to sleep we aren't waking up with hypoglycemia that means we're not waking up with low blood sugar because a lot of women who undereat or hold a fast and they aren't eating enough their Awakenings at night is due to low blood sugar I thought it was because I had to pee it's also because of the low blood sugar Doctor S where the hell have you been like I I needed you in my life like decades ago I needed me then too it's taken me this long to be able to acquire all the knowledge and the research so now I'm hoping that we can hit all of the listeners and so that they will learn what we should have known decades ago this is so eye opening like already have highlighted so many differences between men and women just in the morning just in the stress levels just in the fuel that we need in the morning in the muscle comp composition like all of it and it also is very Illuminating because it makes a lot of sense then as to why the programs that work for Chris and seem to work like magic actually leave me frustrated and tired yeah so what would be the ideal breakfast for anyone whether like and let's just talk about the person who just wants to move more they want to take better care of their body they want to understand how their body works so that you're getting better results and you're feeling better in your life so what would breakfast look like just on an average morning if you know for anybody yeah that I will say that it's a hard one because people have different food preferences how about an avatar what's an avatar a a makeup person okay a makeup person makeup person so we'll say there's a woman who is plant-based but not vegetarian know so she has a preference for plants three kids you know super busy wakes up has been waking up tired but wired didn't sleep well was like okay I need to make this change never hungry in the morning so we can split her breakfast it could be overnight oats which is chiaia seeds oatmeal some um milk or or oat milk to soak it then when she gets up she's like I'm going to split that in half the first half I'm going to add some berries and maybe another tablespoon of Greek yogurt CU then I'm going to get some protein carbohydrate some Fiber and it's going to calm me down it's going to tell my brain yep ready to go okay then you either are going out for your walk maybe you're going to do some home strength training maybe you're meeting a friend for a session maybe you're taking 15 minutes of Just Breath work to to bring yourself down especially if you're the Avatar of three kids in a busy life just taking that moment to put yourself first and then when you get back maybe it's an hour hour and a half later you have the second half the second half of those overnight oats with a few more tablespoons of Greek yogurt and some nuts and berries because then you're getting the protein carbohydrate so you've actually split your breakfast but you've given your body the benefit of food on different eating opportunities without being over full but at the end you end up with 30 grams of protein over the course of a couple of hours so it's easy you can mix it up do it the night before you know that I'm not that hungry but if I have a little bit and then over the course of a couple of weeks you're going to find that you're going to wake up go yeah I need some food and this is kind of a reset of your circadian rhythm your body is starting to fall in line your hypothalamus is understanding your appetite hormones are starting to work properly and when all of that feeds forward then you're going to start to see changes in body composition because you're having better sleep because we can't change anything if our sleep is perturbed so the more we focus on how are we going to work with our body's natural rhythms and the way that our hormones work the the more it feeds into better parasympathetic drive for better sleep I have just so screwed this up like I literally wake up I delay the coffee I exercise on an empty stomach I then have my coffee which I'm then drinking on an empty stomach which means I've now maximized stressing myself out and then I'm slamming something that has 30 45 grams of protein after I work out and so what have you done if you are the kind of person like I am that you've bought into all the BS and you've basically been starving yourself in the morning and even if you get out for a walk how are you kind of actually not only not getting the benefit but you're making it worse what's happening in like the person's body when you do not feed yourself first thing in the morning as a woman yeah I always bring it down to what are we doing when when we want to exercise right we're looking for better blood glucose control we're looking for better bone we're looking for better muscle if you're not eating then you are not going to get better at any of that stuff because the body again is like I need fuel for the stress that's occurring and I need fuel for the exercise so if you've been brainwashed like I am MH and you're exercising because you are trying to like lose weight or you're trying to look thin MH what is happening if I continue to go down that route where I don't eat before I exercise and I'm basically starving myself and I'm going for my walk and I'm delaying food you lose muscle and then the other thing when we look at women who are late 30s early 40s onwards we get a signal to put on more visceral fat so that's that deep belly fat that that metabolically active that can be dangerous so I'll see women who are at you know doing the same Pursuit and really proud of the fact that they're intermittent fasting they're not breaking their fast till noon they've had their coffee to hold them through and you do a DEA and what's a DEA a DEA is when you go and you get a complete body scan so it looks at your muscle it looks at fat where Fat's put it looks at how dense your bones are so we see their dexa results and on the outside they look healthy right but on the inside it's a bit of a scary story where we see low bone density we see an increase of fat accumulating in the belly area which means that it's more what we call metabolically active so you see a change in your um cholesterol so you have more of the quote bad cholesterol that's elevated you have more inflammatory markers which is a predisposition for diabetes we see insulin resistance so I know that there are listeners and maybe you know you're thinking about well I've been doing this forever and I don't have any bad blood markers what's going on I didn't say that it necessarily comes out that's the worst case scenario but when we look at what's happening on the inside side I don't want your bones to be like chalk and I don't want you not to have muscle to be able to get up and run after your grandkids or carry your groceries into your house so if we just make that Small Change by having some food first thing and then carrying on with your day you're going to get the impetus to build muscle you're going to get the impetus to keep your bone and you're going to be able to reduce the signaling for that deep belly fat and it's all those Health like I understand it I've been there I grew up in that same 1980s 1990s and I still get it in my head sometimes like well is this the right thing and I'm I've done the research I've been in the lab I've implemented it so it is really difficult to get your head around yeah but you have to look at the long terms like where do you want to be in 5 years 10 years 15 years from now well and I also think it's just like if you actually are working out not only to take care of yourself but because you do want to change the composition of your body you do want to be a little leaner you do want to be stronger that focusing on the actual science and this is like a complete turnaround for me that you need to actually eat more yes in order to lose exactly which is the exact opposite of the brainwashing that all women and girls have have received for their entire life right and so it's so helpful to hear you talk about the science and it makes so much sense because I think we've all had that experience in our life we're like I am trying and this isn't working right and the first mistake that I've been making for now 56 years I'm understanding is literally not eating before I exercise yeah and you know one thing I want to ask is does this work for everyone you know I got this listener question because when people found out that you were coming oh my God it was like our website crashed Ruby wrote in why do some people have natural muscle tone and some of us can eat right work out and we are still flabby and not toned there are lots of things on this and I wish that Ruby was in this room because then I could say well let's look at um your morphology so your body type so there are some women who have a better predisposition for building muscle we call those mesomorphic and then we have other women who struggle really hard to put muscle Mass on and they tend to be a little bit flaber and that is more of our endomorphic and then we have in the middle the ectomorphic that are the super skinny K moss and most of the time people are a mix of that okay so when we look at those different muscle types and you're looking at doing all the work and not getting any benefit I want to see what kind of training you're doing because if we are looking at when you're eating and how you're complimenting your exercise then we can make gains and every woman's a little bit different like my sister she isn't so into Athletics and stuff that I am we grew up in the same household but I was always out building tree forts and she was in reading books uhhuh but over the past year she's really put herself into getting stronger and strength training body composition is changing her grip strength is stronger and she's like I never really thought that lifting weights would help me change my body composition I was like why have you not thought of that like if if you're lifting under load you build muscle she's like but then that's weight on the scale and I was always afraid of the weight on the scale not the outcome of looking better right and then we also because we've been so gaslit to think that it's about being so thin right that and that's what's desirable that you hear build muscle and you're like but I don't want to bulk up I'm actually trying to lean down yeah and what you're saying is no no no this is actually like putting on your own Spanx with your muscles right it tightens you up right and I will say like I sit here and I know people always comment about my arms and it takes a lot of work to get arms like that I would think yeah but the other thing is I they're amazing arms thanks I I'm wearing a long sleeve shirt for a reason if I had your arms I'd be wearing a tank top too I would love it if all of this would go lower body like I have tried for years to get really strong hamstrings and really strong glutes they're strong but they're not bulky it's just mesomorphic up here ectomorphic down so it's the difference in the combination um but I went through a time where I was really upset with the fact that I had more muscle like when I was bike racing I tried really really hard to lose it but I couldn't because my body's like no this is how you are born so women who are like I'm really trying to build muscle it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to get bulky if you don't have a genetic predisposition for putting muscle on really really easily it's really hard to get bulky and for most women who are trying to put muscle on not eating or doing lots of cardio work you're not going to put muscle on it's really hard to get bulky so what do you want everyone to know about exercise as opposed to diet ah so when we look at all the diet trends that are out there right we see the plant face the carnivorous the keto the intermittent fasting all of the things they are born out of a Want For Better Health body composition better gut all of those things but if you exercise then you get all of those things and wait say that again yeah okay so hold on a second so all of those diets are designed to try to create a health outcome through eating yes but if you exercise the exercise provides the health outcome yes because we look at exercis as a stress like we have gotten into a societal idea that we all live in the same kind of temperature we have the internet we have our computers even driverless cars so we have created this environment where we don't move the outcome of having a environment where we don't move we don't have a lot of green space or opportunities to even walk places is now we have this obesity epidemic and even if you're not facing obesity you're facing some overweightness and you're being bombarded by all these diet Styles if we were just to put a pause on the diet style and just take a step back and say you know what if I go back to eating normally which means that I'm eating breakfast lunch dinner and I'm not eating snacks after dinner and I'm kind of paying attention to kind of food that I'm eating so it's nutrient dense it's not all these ultr processed things there's no protein Pop-Tarts CU it says protein on it you know what I call this Dr Sims the grandparent diet yes okay basically how your grandparents lived right exactly and then you put in some exercise because exercise is a stress the body is very adaptable to stress so if we're looking at doing a longer harder walk up a hill after a couple of weeks of doing that it's going to be easy cuz your body's adapted to that stress oh we call it getting fitter but actually your body has adapted all of its mechanisms to that stress so if we're looking at how do I get a better okay hold on a second so I just had this like Epiphany okay I can't believe how many bombs you're dropping today like I I I I've never thought about exercise that way because I've focused on you have to exercise to get in better shape what you're saying is exercise is intentionally moving and stressing your body in a way that it needs and is designed to do yeah and in response to the stress your body gets stronger at being able to manage stress exactly oh my God it's a stress resilience and the reason why we're so flabby and everything else is because we're sitting around and not moving and not stressing our bodies in the way that we need to and that only makes us more stressed out right because we look at stress mental health all of the things that are really plaguing everyone and the part of it is lack of community lack of empathy all of these things that breed depression mental health and the fact that we aren't moving our bodies there's so much research out there that says if you go for a walk you're you are reducing stress if you go for a walk and you actually go to a green space so that's to a park and you're in nature it induces an incredible parasympathetic response which means that you reduce stress but because we are so ingrained to doing all the things all the time inside sitting and not actually getting outside having the fresh air having that connection with being outside and moving our bodies we are by Design now a global of very stressed out unempathetic depressed people and if we're talking about how do we just make one small change to improve our mental health that's exercise I'm not necessarily here as an exercise physiologist to tell you the listener to go out and go for a long hard walk because you want better body composition I'm here as an exercise physiologist to explain what exercise is it is an incredible positive stress on the body that creates changes from central nervous system down to the smallest little thing in your cell to improve your overall stress resilience and Metabolism meaning how your body handles food how your brain reacts to stress how your brain perceives an environment and you just the moving part really does help bring Center and bring yourself back to you I believe it and I want to see if I can just use an example to try to to really paint the picture of what you're teaching us right now which is an entirely different way to think about the importance of movement and exercise strength training whatever it is that you're going to do MH when you go for a walk and let's say you go for a walk and you were mentioning you go for a walk and there's a hill in your neighborhood and when you have to go up the hill we've all experienced this you get shortness of breath you got to be using your legs a little bit more to go up the incline mhm make it a little winded a little sweaty yep even if you got a dog on a leash pulling you up the hill like you're going and that is you by exercising your body putting yourself in a stressful situation right because it's requiring your body to exert effort and to move against that incline and it's designed to do that yeah and if you keep doing that over time what you're actually doing in addition to all the positive things that happen is you're training your body on how to be strong in situations that are stressful right so the more that you walk and the more that you build muscle and the more that you take the advice that you're about to give us about what we should specifically be doing as women fast forward six months from now if you keep doing that and you're sitting in a stressful meeting at work the impact of that outside stress on you is going to be way less because you and your life have been strengthening your body by going to the gym and going for a walk so that your body can actually be in stressful situations and not get hijacked exactly so the whole flight or fight response that people talk about with cortisol we're flighting we're teaching our body that flight by exercising and your body's like this is a stress I need to understand it overcome it get stronger could also think about it as the fight response too cuz if you're in the gym and you're building the muscle and you're ready to go coiled up ready to go your body's learning that stress because it's we're not an algorithm we adapt to so many different things so if we put our body into an uncomfortable or a challenged situation doesn't like it so it learns how to overcome that and get stronger in the process so when I you know as you're explaining it's like yes it's all about stress resilience we're resilient to stress in a meeting our immune system is also really resilient to stuff that's going around and we're also resilient enough to maintain a focus if we're getting ready to lose it and our kid goes off like we're not going to break down and start yelling at our partner or our kid because we have the stress resilience we're able to take that pause it makes so much sense and you know you've talked a lot about strength training why is strength training so important for women in particular yeah I wish I had known about strength training way back when like I was introduced to it when I was 16 because my friend's brother was a bodybuilder and I was like oh okay I'll go cuz Michelle you're going I'll go with you but I didn't really realize what that meant so when we talk about the science of strength training right now we know that with age we lose muscle really quickly start to lose it when we hit 30 and it's really important because one it's an active tissue so it helps maintain so many different systems in our body not only that but we think about strength training and how it um puts leverage on the bone to improve bone but the big thing really is when we think about cognitive decline so we see that there's a sex difference as we get older in Alzheimer's dementia cognitive decline and it has to do with brain brain metabolism so that's the fuel that your brain uses and what we call neuroplasticity or how your brain adapts and creates neural Pathways if we're strength training then we yeah we're taking care of our bone and a muscle but it's creating signals to the brain to increase its ability to be really plastic so it's like yeah okay I need to have a new PA pathway let's develop that pathway and so it's always changing it's like sidoku right you're mentally working on that but strength training does the same thing but it also Improv improves overall metabolism so now your brain is very flexible and it's like okay well I need glucose but then I can use lactate so when you start doing all of these things it reduces your chances of developing cognitive issues so for women I'm always like yeah strength training is great because we're building all these things we're changing our body composition but for the long term we want to have a good body and a good mind so for doing these things and creating more Pathways and developing existing Pathways and making the brain very responsive and able to be flexible then we're going to have a really good sound mind when we're all doing Zimmer frame races when we're 100 what are Zimmer frame races you know those frames that old women have to use and or old men I've never seen those I don't know what you're talking about in the nursing homes you haven't seen those silver Walkers oh yes I thought that was a game you were talking about so the I have a feeling you're not going to be using a walker I have a feeling you're going the one teaching us all how to lift weights when we're 90 years old in the nursing home together well no I'll be using a Zimmer frame I'll be doing the races with everyone else because I can't say that my joints are all that great so what is the biology behind building muscle and how is it different for men versus women like what do women need to know women are what we call more fatigue resistant so as I was describing earlier the differences in the muscle fiber types right so women have more of those fat burning we call endurant fibers so that means that you can do lots of work and then you recover relatively quickly so when we're looking at sets and Reps and things like that women don't need as much recovery time between your sets and Reps to be able to have the same kind of training stress now break that down please because I don't know anything that you just talked about I was like sets reps okay what are we doing so say have a man and a woman that go to the gym and they're like okay I'm supposed to do five sets so that's five sets so yeah this is there a lot I know it's an avatar here okay well let's just use an avatar of somebody who is just starting okay so like we're gonna like what's the bare minimum doctors I'm looking for something I can succeed at five sets sounds like a lot yeah I'll get to there but I want I wanted to explain the biology okay you tell me biology I'll give you the biology and then I'll give you the actionable where to start thank you Dr SS all right so if we take a man and a woman they go to the gym and they have this the similar program where they're supposed to do five sets of five reps on the three minutes so what does that mean you do five reps of a squat in 3 minutes so however long it takes you to do those and then you rest the rest of the time for the 3 minutes okay so maybe it takes you 30 seconds to do your five squats and then you have 2 minutes and 30 seconds to recover oh okay okay and you do that five times so that's 5 by five so if a man and a woman both do that and we look over time the strength the relative strength gain so that means relative to sex and body weight the man will acquire better strength gains in a woman but if we were to change that recovery for the woman to go five sets on 5x5 on the 2 minute so she does it in 30 seconds and has a minute 30 recovery then over course of time she'll have the same outcomes because her body is like I don't need as much rest so it starts to kind of downturn with so much rest so you can put more training stress on and less time as a woman wow so this is one of the things that we're starting to really discover in the strength training research because it's relatively new we're like okay we know that there's the sex differences in the muscle fiber types where women have more of these you know endurant type fibers men have more of the fast glycolytic fibers so if we really want to maximize the outcome of our strength training we need to work to women's physiology where they don't need as much rest to get the same kind of um stress and outcome and you know what I like about that it means it doesn't take as much time exactly I have a lot of time so that's very good news Dr Sims you know I'm about to ask you a bunch of questions about like the specifics of what we should be doing but I had one question you know whenever I'm complaining about uh my body or you know feeling out of shape or whatever it is that I want to change my husband always turns me and says well don't forget abs are built in the kitchen not in the gym yeah is this like a man's is that what works for men that works for men definitely yep because when I hear that abs are built in the kitchen not in the gym I'm like am I supposed to starve myself like what what are you talking about right so this comes back to the uh you know the fasting and I get really frustrated where men will drop alcohol they'll drop sugar and then all of a sudden their abs are ripped right they like belly fat gone yes but for women we tend to store belly fat correct and if I'm not drinking yeah I want results I know but it doesn't necessarily happen no it doesn't Dr Sims it doesn't this is not fair no cuz I don't understand my own body I know it's very frustrating and I've been listening to the Bro Science and my stupid husband telling me the advice that works for him and he's he's only trying to help so what do I so why does it not work that way for women we have a higher percent body fat for one and again it comes down to food intake and hypothalamus so if we start taking out food and not replacing those calories with something else then we end up in a lower energy state so that's a that could be a whole another podcast but basically we're not eating enough to support body composition change and health outcomes so if we talk about ABS in the kitchen if we're eating the same kind of grandparent diet then we're going to have the same outcomes right but if we have the extra 20 bit of life where we're having chocolate and whiskey and all those fun things a man can take it out and get super ripped woman takes it out there's no change why because the hypothalamus is like where are those calories I need those calories so if we want to eat a little bit cleaner we have to make sure that we're actually providing enough calories so if we're providing enough calories and our body's like yep sweet we got enough for all the things that we need to do in a day overcome the stress and we have enough to uh fuel the training and the changes we want with the exercise we're doing you're going to get those abs wow and then the compound movements like working abs in a functional way not doing sit-ups but like doing deadlifts or squats where you have to use your abs as a support mechanism builds them faster than you see you know guys on the floor doing lots of sit-ups or rushing twist yeah they're going to get those strong ABS but for women it's better to do this compound for that torsion to be able to use that as support because then it allows us to stand upright and have better posture because our center of gravity is down in our hips men's center of gravity is up in their chest so if we're working to control our posture and develop the strength through our core and we're standing up taller our ABS show wow cuz I I would be a happy woman if I never had to do a crunch again and so if I'm actually lifting that could be true so let's talk about the specific things we should be doing okay what is the minimum amount of exercise that a woman needs to maintain her health and to be strong if we are looking from an age standpoint okay okay let's start with our 20s in our 20s you can get away with a lot right what does that mean so that means that you could do bare minimum couple of days a week of mixed aerobic and strength training so you don't have to do that much okay so it could be a total body circuit set twice a week and that means like going to the gym and doing the machines you could do that or you could do an at home circuit where you can do what I say every every minute on the minute so you warm up with stretches and Mobility for five or so minutes and then you have five minutes where one minute is jumping lunges the next minute might be some push-ups the third minute might be um some overhead thrust or you know you're pushing something overhead the fourth minute might be some air squats and then the fifth minute is completely off where you're recovering you do that circuit two or three times that's all you need wow and you don't even need equipment no that's your bare minimum right because we're talking bare minimums and talk to me about cardio because we've all been so obsessed with cardio so is cardio a good thing is it a bad thing so cardio is interesting because it's about intensity so if we're talking about going for a walk that's really good like you're walking with a friend perfect because that's going to allow you to have some metabolic change it's going to improve your blood glucose it's going to improve your body stress resilience and hey you get to hang out with a friend so that's great it's Community it's connection it's all the great things so that's one kind of cardio if we're looking at improving our blood pressure you can do some walking but what we find is true high-intensity work that's uh really directed with call it Sprint interval training where it's 30 seconds or less as hard as you can go and it doesn't have to be running it could be kettle bell swings could be air squats jumping lunges could be running could be cycling anything that's going to make you go as hard as you can for 30 seconds or less and recover for two minutes you might do two or three of those and that is such a strong stress that it creates this whole Cascade of change that improves your entire cardiovascular system okay so let me make sure I'm tracking so one thing that you would tell us to do is to do Sprint training which sounds horrible but it actually as you broke it down was like oh I could do that yeah 30 seconds or less of something that's high intensity whether you're sprinting on a treadmill or you're doing kettle ball swings or you're doing push-ups or you're doing jumping jacks or just something right and then you rest for a minute and a half minute and a half to two minutes because we want a full recovery from it's more of a central nervous system recovery because we want to be able to go just as hard if not harder for the next interval and then how many of those am I doing so you don't want to do any more than five oh I love the minimum that's it yeah I can do that that's the maximum five is the maximum now we're talking Dr Sims some people will go I can do all five and then they start and if they're doing it properly after two they're like I can't do anymore that's fine you've gotten that impetus of stress and it creates this whole Cascade where all of a sudden your muscles are releasing signals called myocin that now is telling your liver let's not store that visceral fat we need the that fat for other things it's also telling your body we don't want to store Under the Skin subcutaneous fat we need that fat for other things it's also telling your muscles to open up and bring carbohydrate in so our insulin become or we become more sensitive to insulin so there's so many great things about that high high intensity and by the way your blood vessels are going to respond really well so you get better blood vessel compliance vasod dilation constriction so better blood pressure control because again your body responds to stress and it's such a strong stress your body's like there's this whole Myriad of things that I need to be able to do to do that stress again so it's a really effective means of getting heart health better metabolic health and better body composition and burning fat in 30 seconds of effort yeah I mean I I am G to I actually going to do that good that sounds like something because when you were going the box I'm like I think I can absolutely do that and again I also love that it doesn't take a lot of time no I mean I come from a huge endurance background but now I'm tra like I live in New Zealand I'm traveling the world I have a daughter I have a business super busy and I still want to exercise because one it helps with stress resilient two yeah I'm like you know there's a little Aesthetics and vanity in there of course and Sprint interval it's so between lifting three days a week and some Sprint training that's pretty much what I do because that's all I have time for lifting three days a week MH and that Sprint training we just heard of 30 second bursts full recovery for a minute and a half to two minutes and try to do it five times maximum yep and sometimes I put that on the end of my strength training because if I'm already at the gym I might finish with some aerodine bike you know 30 seconds as hard as I can go so I'm maximizing time so I don't spend any more than 45 minutes to an hour in the gym so if you had to bottom line what a woman should be doing in her 20s versus her 30s versus or 40s versus 50s and up what would it be so strength training across the board okay the type of strength training you do is different so when we're in our 20s and our early 30s we can do some of the protocol stuff that that is out there for men like you're doing your 10 to 12 reps or you're going to failure or you're going in you're doing a full body workout you're going to get results as we start to get into our mid-30s and onward we start to have changes in our estrogen progesterone and it doesn't quite work for us okay because now we need to find an external stress that's going to create the same responses that those hormones used to support okay so now we want to look at more of a power-based type training what does that mean yeah like 30 up your hormones change and now the 10 to 12 reps that we've all been socialized does not work is why we all start bitching about the fact that our bodies are not responding to what we always used to do this makes a lot of sense Dr Sims so when you're doing the higher reps it's more of what we call metabolic stress so that's more like muscle contraction using fuel yeah but it's not an impetus to build lean mass or to become stronger so this is where I say the power base so when we're talking about the spectrum of weights and and and the reps and sets and stuff power based is zero to six to eight reps oh I love that I can do less yes but it has to be heavy okay has to be heavy but okay yeah so that means that you go and you pick up say we pick up this 20 right and you're like oh yeah I can do 10 overhead no problem maybe I could do two more great so we call that 10 with two reps in reserve okay we want you to be at a six with two reps in reserve so that means I would have you put the 20 down and pick up those 30s and see can you do six really good wow not failing form and then could you eek out two more great that's the weight that we want you to use gotcha so I'm definitely lifting way too light and I am lifting far too much of it like the little tiny two pound weights with the put those down put those down like those aren't doing anything for my chicken wing arms no no not at all okay not at all well that explains it because I'm like why does this hurt so much and I'm getting zero result here yeah but my daughter's literally look like they're cut yeah wow cuz they respond well to metabolic stress as our bodies get older we need more of a central nervous system Goa so the general takeaway here is that when we hit that sort of late 30s to 40s Mark and our estrogen is dropping and our bodies are changing and we're not getting the same results you got to really focus on these Sprint trainings and also doing weight training where the load is heavier but the reps are are shorter yeah but I don't want women who are listening to go oh I heard Mel's podcast and I have to go lift these heavy weights and do Sprint training it takes time yeah to learn how to do things well without getting injured because I mean when we get older we're more susceptible to soft tissue injury joint injuries so I always want women to learn how to move first so if you've never done any kind of strength training don't be put off by oh I heard I have to lift heavy weights I better not do at all no any kind of resistance is good maybe it's just body weight at the start maybe you're doing a body weight circuit and then maybe you're putting a backpack with some stuff that's in there to make it a little bit heavier maybe you're following somebody online that's teaching you how to move properly first and over the course of time you can add load because your body is learning how to move and it's becoming stress resilient so you add load to increase that stress and then over the course of six to eight months you're going to be in lifting heavy weights and doing the Sprints without injury so it's not a training block like we've all been conditioned to what do I do every day in and out in and out so I can get X results we want to think about what am I doing to improve my overall health my strength my bones my brain so that when I'm 80 I'm self-sufficient when I'm 90 I'm self-sufficient it's not a training Block it's a lifestyle that we want in so it takes time to build into that lifestyle so I another question from a listener named Aaron is it better to use machines or free weights with machines I want people to realize that it's hard for a woman to actually get the machines to fit well because they are designed for a 58 to 6 foot guy who's 160 to 190 lbs so if you are outside of that Norm it's really hard to get the right fit which can predispose you to injury if if you are just getting started it can be a way because you're not going to put a lot of load on you're not going to get as injured like I'm not for me personally I'm not a huge fan of something like Planet Fitness but I do appreciate the fact that they've opened the doors to so many people to make lifting accessible so a woman can go in and use their machine circuit and get some resistance and some load to start to get them self resilient so then they can move away from those machines and get into to dumbbells I like more of the free weights where you have a barbell or a dumbbell because you have to use more of your stabilizing muscles which is how we move anyway because you're not going to go pick up a bag of groceries just with your arm right so if you're looking at um bicep curls or tricep dips on a machine that's not functional per se yes you're adding load but I like it when people are okay I've got to lift the groceries or I've got to lift this overhead so I'm going to do a full squat using my abs and I'm going to go from ground to overhead it could be with a plate could be with a dumbbell it could just be that motion at start because we have to think about how we move in the day I would love to have you talk directly to the person listening who has never stepped foot in a gym because I do think you know even though I'm in shape and I know a little bit about what I should be doing I always feel intimidated when I go to a gym because there's always guys like it's filled with guys yep and there's more and more women which is great but if I walk into a gym even at a hotel and I'm seeing all the machines and then I see the free weight space and then I see the little space over and I don't know exactly what I should be doing right I don't stay long and I leave and I would love to have you since you've been in this industry for so long talk to the person who wants to do something and wants to learn about this but the idea of actually walking into the local gym is just daunting yep so what do you want them to know though about the people at the front desk and the way that people at a gym think about somebody new Walking In yeah so gyms are super gendered I sometimes get intimidated you do yeah so I'll say like if I go to a typical bro gym like a Gold's Gym mhm I'll walk in and I'll see the lifting platforms and there's some big dudes and I'm like uh maybe I'll come back I'll go do something else first so it's it's still there because the gems are so gendered and it's a fault of that industry where you walk in as a woman the front desk person looks at you and goes oh okay how much weight do you want to lose here's the cardio machines here are our classes if a guy walks in they're like yo bro how much weight do you want to put on how much muscle the lifting platforms are back there and we have bumper plates and our dumbbells go up to 80 lbs so you know it's all back there but it's so gendered even if you feel like I'm going to go to the free weights because you have to walk through all the treadmills and the ellipticals and cardio and then you like the free weights are here and then the lifting platforms are at the back yes so it's not surprising that someone who's not ever been in a gym situation doesn't want to go into a gym situation and the way that we can get started in this is put the gem out out of your head at the moment right so we can look at there are two main things that allow women to thrive in strength training one is knowing what to do and two is community right we see that working out with someone else is fun for one thing and two it allows you to push yourself a little bit harder it's just intrinsically you want to keep up or you don't want to look like the weak link it's just a psych psychological things so Community working working out with someone is super important so if you're someone who's like I don't want to go to the gym I don't know what to do well we can look at some of the online things that are out there so like if you're really super super basic and you want someone to work with maybe oneon-one or maybe a small group you could look to someone like Loretta hog who does Loretta loves lifting she's very like she trains her mom she trains other people who are just trying to really understand how to do stuff in their house it's a very basic way of starting and you can move forward from there if you're someone who's like I got that part but I want to work out with a friend and we want to set program then maybe you look at someone like the Betty rocker where she has specific programs where we can work out with her in her community or you and a friend can work out together and that's a way to do more stuff with dumbbells in the house then we can move forward and go to something like Haley happens Fitness that I've partnered with where it's from the gym where you actually have an app that shows you what to do you can go into the gym you know exactly what machines or or barbell or dumbbells to use you bring in a friend you can both do it together so you're like here's my app this is what I do you can record everything keeps progress and you know exactly what to do and it's guided for 12 weeks and it's Progressive overload so you get benefit there's lots of conversations there's lots of community around it or you can even look if you're really confident and you're like yep I got that too I want to get straight to barbell with some dumbbell then you can look at something like Annie tourist daughters Empower which has a page from Crossfit so there's all sorts of levels that you can find and the big thing is grab a friend have a friend and have that ownership to say for 20 minutes let's meet have our conversation and do this together because we're going to get strong together and it's fun I've been trying to get my daughter engaged in some strength training stuff and she's 12 we have a project coming up where she needs to know how to move properly and I have her working with one of my friends in a high performance gym but it's not lifting it's moving and having fun so she has another little friend in there who's a surfer and a soccer player just like she is and they go there and they have fun she came back first day fizzing going I didn't know how fun it could be at the gym especially when you have a friend I'm like exactly it's the adult playground but little kids are being EXP go to it it's like come into my playground a playground it is absolutely a playground where else can you like jump up and down on things and then like there's a rope and you can pull the Rope or there's a sled and you can push and pretend you're a bear or whatever it is it doesn't matter everyone's there sweating everyone's there doing stuff it's like make it time to play don't make it something that you're like I don't want to go this is too hard and I appreciate the list of resources and we'll make sure to link to those in the show notes so I have a bunch of burning questions that listeners submitted okay and we may have covered some of this but I'm just going to hit these so that I make sure to cover the things that keep people kept writing in about that they wanted you to answer Dr Sims okay can you talk about cold plunging sure should women be doing it what are the mistakes that we're making what's the difference between men and women and cold plunging so inherently women don't need as cold so thank you we don't no why when we're looking at stress response cuz that's how I view all the environmental and exercise things is what kind of stress it puts on the body when a woman gets into ice cold or cold water and gets in there it invokes such a severe strong stress response much stronger than a male's response that her body goes into uh more of a shutdown phase where it invokes a sympathetic dve and it doesn't create the metabolic changes that we see with men if you were to take a woman and put her in 15 or 16° Celsius which is around that 55 degree Mark she'll end up with the same responses that a man has because it's not a severe shock to a woman's body as it is for a man's why is that because we have more body fat so we tend to vasod dilate and Vaso constrict first for controlling our temperature We Men will Vaso constrict and sweat when they're cold no we're talking about just in general okay so if we're taking a woman and putting her in ice the body's first response to environmental change is severe oaso constriction and with women with rain odds we have a stronger constriction response because it's a protective mechanism for men they'll constrict and then start shivering to induce heat women will just constrict if we put ourselves into that 55 to 60 degree water or 15 to 16° C will constrict and then start shivering so we'll get the same benefit it's just the ice is too cold for us to start that shivering so we need the Shivering for thermogenesis to get some of those responses so we don't need ice we need cool water I have been doing this all wrong and do you feel uncomfortable when you get in the ice well I I I mean I live in southern Vermont so there's always like an ice slick on the thing and you're like having to take an Axe and you know cut up the top of the barrel or keep an agricultural bubbler in it to keep it from freezing it's it's got to be at least 32 degrees Yeah too cold and my husband gets in it and he's like a freaking like meditation Zen he just gets in sits down he starts shivering I climb in that sucker and I'm like and then I can barely breathe I never shiver right and the Shivering is what you're supposed to be doing in there yes because shivering is an automatic uh response for survival because when we're shivering we're increasing metabolic heat so we're able to keep our core temperature elevated so we don't die and it's a strong response that the body has to cold for women when we're Vaso constricting and we're trying to hold heat in we don't have the capacity because water on the cold skin is pulling out the heat so fast that the body is just getting colder and colder and colder and we won't really start shivering when it's that cold so when we're looking at like if you get in the ice it's way colder than if you get into a plunge pool that's cold so if we have 4° plunge pool 4 de Celsius so that's about 38° Fahrenheit and you sit there in a little microclimate and you don't move at all you'll create a warm bubble around you and then you might start to shiver so that's what we say if you fall through the ice and you're trying to swim it's like no just try to Bob there to keep this warm microclimate around around you so if you get in cool water and you don't move then you might start shivering but for the most part that doesn't happen so for women let's look at a little bit warmer so we get the same kind of responses and adaptations that men have and if you do this in 55 degree water so it's more cool it's not ice cold right what is the benefit to a woman's body by doing a cold plunge and how long should you be in it so when we look at a cold plunge the whole idea again is environmental stress so we start to see an improvement in our um parasympathetic sympathetic drive so now we're able to get into that calming um because again body becoming resilient to stress we have an increase in our body's capacity for using glucose so we have better insulin um sensitivity better blood glucose control uh we have some signals to lose some of that deep body fat and we start to see better cardiovascular responses but women do better in the heat okay talk to me about this okay so when we look at sauna exposure women can tolerate heat a lot more than men so if we get into a sauna that is 80° or 60° Celsius so that's on the upwards of gosh metric math hold on I keep forgetting you live in New Zealand I'm like why are you talking Celsius I'm like okay that's why and science sence all that's true science science is Celsius um 130 degrees okay we'll go with that uh woman can sit in there sit up high 20 minutes or so not sweating yet right absorbing heat Vaso dilate it's great so we're heating ourselves our body's responding to it by uh what we call heat shock protein responses so these little proteins that will uncouple and then recouple and and be better for it so it's creating a whole cellular change that then is like okay now we have better responses within the muscle the muscle can use uh glucose a lot better it can use fat lot better we're also uh increasing blood flow to the brain we're also improving our blood vessels so they respond to hot and or to constriction dilation a lot faster which is important as we get older and start hit par menopause we start having blood pressure problems and it also allows us to hit higher temperatures on the outside um so like summer times and things without having an undue stress because women by the nature of being women struggle more in the heat so if we environmental heat on the outside but when you're in the sauna sitting there it takes time for the body to heat up because of our Thermo regulatory differences between what men do when they get in and they start sweating profusely and then they get dehydrated and they don't have time to adapt as well to the heat as women do because we baso dilate first and then we start sweating so if you have access to a sauna do you recommend that women sit in a sauna for the health benefit yeah I do how long like what what would you recommend like if you have access to this because I see a lot of the Bro scientists out there talking about the magical benefits of a sauna but now you I'm I'm starting to go okay for dudes but what about for me yeah and so what is the benefit or the protocol for women to get the maximum benefit for us so when we're looking at for health benefits and not performance benefits because there's two different things so for health benefits if we are doing 10 to 15 minutes twice a week bare minimum you get health benefits and what are they so this is better cardiovascular health so better blood um flow better blood pressure we have metabolic responses so we have better blood glucose control better fatty acid metabolism so your body's like I'm going to use more fat as a fuel like meaning you're going to burn more fat if you sit in a sauna you will use the circulating fat as a fuel instead of storing it yeah this is my kind of exercise by the way that's great send this on and it improves your exercise tolerance because when you exercise you produce heat and one of the living factors for women who first start exercising is the uncomfortableness of being hot oh and then my my my face still turns like a tomato bright red yes I just am there is something about me that I I can lift one weight and it's like Bing yep and that's that Vaso dilation first that's how women offload heat first and some women say I don't ever sweat it's like well because your body is offloading the heat so much through vasod dilation and you're not in a hot enough environment to absorb more heat so your body can Thermo regulate and be be fine even when you turn bright red and you hate it another question that a listener had is should you eat before or after a workout this depends on what you're doing so we know first thing in the morning we've already talked about it that you need to eat before you go if you are exercising in the afternoon and you had lunch maybe 2 hours before then you don't necessarily have to eat right before but you do have to eat afterwards if you are doing what we call metabolically taxing so high-intensity exercise a cardiovascular session having a little snack before and then having real food afterwards is really beneficial if you're just doing strength training we see especially from the research of Abby Smith Ryan at UNCC you have around 15 grams of protein before any kind of strength training session it improves the post exercise Epoch or what we say your metabolism stays elevated after exercise for a longer period of time and it improves your body's responses to strength training so I guess the short answer is ideally yes you'd have some protein before but if you're really pressed for time and it's in the afternoon and if you had a meal within 2 hours not necessarily um you in your work talk about supplements like creatine and caffeine MH could you talk about why women in particular need to pay attention to these two creatine is something that's always thought of in the bodybuilding set where you see big muscly guys and they're using creatine because it's a it's a metabolite or it's an essential thing in muscle contraction which allows our our muscles to contract really quickly and then recover and contract quickly but what we also see is it's beneficial for all the fast energetics in our body so we think about brain we think about gut heart all of the things that use energy quickly because it has to creatine is involved women by the nature of being XX have about 80 70 to 80% of the stores that men do primarily because men have more muscle but also women tend to eat less so we don't have as much coming in and our liver only makes about 2 to three grams a day if we supplement with it then we see everything improves our brain health improves our gut health improves cardiovascular problems start to dissipate and we have better muscle function so there's an incredible body of research that's being done for creatine for health for women we see it's beneficial in pregnancy it's safe to take in pregnancy and it's really beneficial we see it's really important for mood and cognitive function in women who repair and postmenopausal and then for skeletal muscle health and bone health we see that it's beneficial just a small dose so we're thinking 3 to 5 gram so that's a half a teaspoon that you might put in your water or something once a day doesn't have to worry about timing takes about 3 weeks for it to actually saturate the body so you know you want to kind of be patient and after that you're going like wow why have I not been taking this it's so important well now I'm like wow I need to be taking this because it's so important here we go um what is your advice for women who are struggling to balance nutrition M and a busy LIF Style part of it is being prepared I know it's hard when we talk about that consistency and preparation um but then part of it reality right so it's like okay I know from being on the road it's hard to eat how I want to eat and I go to a restaurant and there's a salad and there's lots of stuff in it and I'm going to be one of those people it's high maintenance I'm like I don't want dressing can you put some extra veggies in there great so I have to make it work for me if you are super busy and you're like running out the door to get the kids to school and then going straight to work and you're coming home and you're starving and you got to make dinner and then you have to do all the things that we all have to do we have to be a little bit prepared so I'm not saying take all of Sunday and prepare the week's meals because that's just not appropriate if we do our protein coffee or overnight oats and we know what we're going to have and then we might have snacks in our bag I have snacks in my car that don't perish like I have nuts I have a couple of protein bars I have some Tetra packs of almond milk I have single sachet of protein powder just things that I'm like shoot I forgot oh I have it in the car or I have it in my bag and it's just something that's not ideal but it is things that my body needs to get through and I always make the Precedence to have as much fresh fruit veg and whole grains at every meal that I have so that I'm taking care of my gut microbiome because if we take care of a gut microbiome then it feeds forward in so many positive ways for mood and health and Immunity and I think that's one of the things that's missing from looking at I come from New Zealand here and I go into a grocery store and I'm like whoa there are rows and rows and rows of of supposed food but nothing to eat because of all the ultr processed sugar stuff that's on there with all the marketing so again we go back to the grandparent idea shop the perimeter get as many fresh fruits and veggies and then you know there are some canned things that you can get and some frozen things you can get but really think what am I eating that's going to protect my gut if the person that's listening takes just one thing from this conversation which is going to be hard to do because you taught us so much today what would the one thing that you want that person to walk away with and focus on to be it's hard to make change and I want women to feel ownership of their own body and it starts with consistency and making time for yourself it doesn't have to be a lot of time it could be 10 minutes first thing when you get up and you might do some Mobility you might do stretches you might do every minute on the minute of squats and push-ups for 5 minutes but something that is you and you own it and it helps you become more centered and you're consistent with that it doesn't mean you have to get up and make time to go to the gym it doesn't mean you have to take time out of family I mean if you go to the playground with your kids in the afternoon move around have fun make the kid playground the adult playground right it's consistency and what are you doing 10 minutes a day just for yourself you know one of the things that I'm excited about is that you know there will be millions and millions of people that listen to this yes and if every person that listens shares this with one or two women in their life or young women in their life the number of lives that will change simply because of the things that you've just flipped on our head about the way that we think about strength about why you need to exercise in terms of intentional stress and stress resilience protein coffee has just changed my life doctor I mean just everything I've I had it all wrong and for a long time and because I didn't know right and because I've been listening to the advice by men for men yeah and I am so grateful that you're here and I'm grateful that you have chosen to listen to this and that you're going to share this with women in your life because I think what you're asking us to do feels like it's accessible and it makes sense and I'm excited to try it all and I'm just wondering if there was a mantra that you would love every woman to turn to another woman after they hear this or turn to their daughter and say or some something that like truth that we need to be telling each other and reminding each other that we've all gotten wrong what do you want us to tell the women in our life oh well I could joke around and say women are not small men because that's easy to say but in all reality my big focus and push is creating body positivity right and the body positivity is how we feel in ourselves and how we allow our friends to talk and to feel about themselves because we could have all the body positivity that we want and feel really fantastic but if we're surrounded by friends who don't have that same empowerment and same body positivity it's heartbreaking so being able to share that and say you know what take up space I want to be empowered and I want you The Listener to be empowered to say I deserve that lifting platform in the back of the gym and I'm going to go there and if there's a bro there who's looking at me funny I'm just is going to take the barbell and say I own this space because I want every woman to know that they have a right in every place in every gym every situation to be strong empowered and feel positive about the space that they're in so if we can turn to each other and say it's about being empowered and having body positivity then that feeds forward to so many different things it's a good role model for our kids it allows us to have more connection with our workmates our Partners it improves empathy because as an expat I look and I travel so much and there is a huge lack of empathy everywhere I land here in the states and I feel it so if we can just share the positivity and empowerment despite what's going on in the world then that just improves all the things that we have in our lives and if every person that hears this shares this with someone else and everyone starts to move maybe 10 minutes a day I just think about the positive effect it has on mental health and the rolling forward that will have on so many different things well Dr Stacy Sims you just made a huge difference in my life you have completely shifted the Paradigm in terms of how I think about exercise and what it is and why it matters and you've also explained why so many of the things that I've been doing just don't work and why and now that it makes sense I feel more motivated yay to do exactly what you're telling me to do and I am so excited to also change the narrative in my family with my daughters yay about getting strong and becoming stress resilient and actually operating in a way where we're not acting like little men yeah we're acting like powerful women so thank you thank you thank you thank you and I want to thank you for truly taking the time to listen to something that will change your life and that is teaching you how to work with the design of your body and that is also empowering you to make a huge difference in the young women and the women in your life by sharing this and in case someone else tells you I want to tell you that I love you I love you for the fact that you do want to do better I love you for the fact that you love science-based information I love you for the fact that you're willing to say you know what screw it I am going to go into that gym and I am going to do something uncomfortable because I deserve to feel good in my body and that means I need to start prioritizing doing it and now what I really love for all of us is that Dr Stacy Sims gave us a matter of fact science back simple step-by-step guide to exactly what to do to work with the design of your body as a woman and now all you need to do is go do it all righty I will be waiting for you in the very next episode I'm going to welcome you in the moment you hit play I'll see you there and for you you sitting here watching with me on YouTube I just want to say please share this with somebody don't just sit and watch please do something and take a minute and subscribe to this channel because it's really a way that you can support me in bringing you new videos every single day and I'm sure you're looking for something really inspiring to watch to really move you so I want you to check out this video next

  Top Comments:
  1. @melrobbins [894 likes]: Hope you enjoy this conversation with Dr. Stacy Sims! 
If you haven't already done so, please consider hitting SUBSCRIBE--this helps us reach more people that need helpful and positive content. - Mel
  2. @Wolfwind1234 [12 likes]: I find it so refreshing to see a woman in the public eye who has a natural face. Thank you Dr Stacey for being a role model for those of us trying to stick it out without botox. Im 44 and look so much older than most of my peers!
  3. @desireedesi6828 [1 likes]: As soon as she said eat before working out in the morning. I'm like son of a b. Smh.
  4. @immelinda [1 likes]: Protein coffee?  YIKES. TERRIBLE ADVICE   Eat real food.
  5. @danaatticks6452: okay - now who do I listen to to learn how to move before hitting the heavy weights??
  6. @rachelhudgins7581: Busy Mom morning breakfast: 1/2 portion before doing anything. Overnight oats: chia, oatmeal, Greek yogurt nuts and blueberries. Work out. Eat 2nd half. The idea is to get 30 grams of protein to start the day. This will help sleep issues!
  7. @annkingdollar1137: What if u work out after work 5 ish
  8. @rachelhudgins7581: 14:00 explains why women feel hangry and men do not understand why we women can’t simply push thru the hunger and get on happily like they do!!!!!
  9. @candywatzek353: I will eat differently for  sure.  I have your book.
  10. @candywatzek353: I started pilates in my 50s I am now becoming an instructor now that im 69.  I used to bike and swim, but now I walk or jump hike to build muscle and keep my bone.  Pilates gives you lean muscle😊
  11. @LM-ti4nt: I'm a woman and the cold plunge conversation is so interesting and is my exact experience. I joined a recently opened gym that has a cold plunge and at first the cold plunge's water was about 15 degrees Celsius. I loved it and I could stay in for about five minutes until I started shivering and then I would get out. But all the men at the gym complained that it wasn't cold enough. So the gym got a new chiller and now the cold plunge is ice cold. I do still like getting in but can only stay in for 10 to 30 seconds now, and I get out when my hands start feeling too cold. Also, I don't feel the same affect. When it was 15 degrees, I would have the best sleeps after doing the cold plunge.
  12. @li_k2: Huuuuuge thanks to Dr.Sims for yet another insightful video! It was sooooo practial, actionable, positive, thoughtfull and inspirational. I started heavy weight training recently due to Dr.Sims and I feel so much better now.
  13. @maaritsteinwedel4351: More needs to be done in women’s health, care and education. I just experienced going to a family Dr., who was concerned about my BP, ran a cortisol blood panel and the results came back as you are fine. 
I bod the question, what does that mean, 
response: well your in the accepted range. 70-400 see that what it shows did the range.
I questioned, but cortisol is a hormone and who developed the range and who was in the study? Was it men because my result may not be acceptable for post menopausal women.
She could not answer and refused to discuss further, our appointment ended abruptly.
Still don’t know what is a standard level of cortisol in a post menopausal women.
It is infuriating that women are being gaslit by women.
Thank you for this session, keep teaching the other doctors who are way behind. 😢
  14. @dawnwaibel5786: Thank you! This podcast was life changing for me!!!
  15. @ummayesha111: Mel Robbins is too funny!!1 She's such a great interviewer. "Are you kidding??!!"
  16. @patrnune: @drstacysims what workout programs or training platforms would you recommend for kids ages 8-12 for young boys.
  17. @Classychick82: Wow this was so informative and empowering.
  18. @kirstencalvert9747: OMG!!!! I was an NZ competitive fitness champ in my 20s during the 90s. I’m now in my 50s and realise I’ve been it all wrong. That all changes now! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you 😘
  19. @veronicaroberts-williams3878: Hunter Gatherers would not have had food to eat straight away, they would have had to hunt for it first?
  20. @sarahjoost: thank you!

- Foods I Eat EVERY DAY As a Nutrition Expert 🌿🍎🥦  (Day 6 of our 7-Day Protein Challenge): Kind: captions Language: en the number one thing I get asked is what do you eat and then it's followed up by okay and what do you do when you cheat so I'm going to share my personal food rules that keep me on the straight and arrow the foods I make sure I eat every single week some every single day and why I think cheating is just the total wrong way to think about things and honestly it sets you up to fail and put you into that crazy diet mentality that drives me nuts about a good dead a bad day I'm having a cheat meal so we're going to deal with that too but first the rules now I tend to be one of those people that likes to break all the rules but remember that when you have this great structure the structure actually creates Freedom so that's what I want you to think of if you tend to be kind of one of those Renegade rule Breakers remember what we're giving you here is really good structure and so here's how I do this I start with protein first so as I'm building my plate I always start by building protein first I want to eat protein first because I want to prioritize protein make sure that I get in what I need at each meal which is at least 30 grams and at least 100 grams overall in the day now the way I dose my protein is to do a range of 0.7 grams to 1 gram per pound of Target body weight so I'm weighing in at 145 I eat about 140 to 145 grams of protein a day and I divide that again between the three meals and I make sure that my bumper meals breakfast and dinner are where I really make sure I get it again all meals have at least 30 grams but those are where I load more of my protein in in the morning I'm breaking that fast and in the evening I'm making sure that I have some protein on board so while I'm sleeping I'm minimizing muscle protein breakdown so there's the reasons for it also there's more to it when you eat protein first it is more safe initiating the Umami taste actually makes you eat less too and it helps with blood sugar balance and it is the most thermic of all of your macronutrients I want to make sure that you're getting in enough protein so that's why I have you eat protein first it turns out there's this thing called the protein leverage hypothesis and what these researchers found is that we will keep eating those carbs those fats to try to get enough protein in our diet which then causes us to overeat and get way too many calories and remember while where your calories come from Counts most calories count too much healthy food is guess what unhealthy so that's the first rule protein first the second one what comes after protein non-starchy vegetables now my goal is minimum that you eat five servings of non-starchy vegetables a day now what does that look like a non-searchy vegetable serving is a cup of raw or a half a cup of cooked and non-searchy vegetables are things like onions and mushrooms and deep green leafies and broccoli and cauliflower and Brussels sprouts and asparagus and peppers here's what's important here why are we eating all these non-starchy vegetables you've heard eat from the rainbow you know is this just some cute little phrase no the reason that we have you do that is because of the polyphenols these different plant nutrients in these vegetables that go and feed your gut microbiome and so you have a better balance of the bacteria that you want as opposed to the ones you don't want you're always going to have some of the good and some of the bad you want much more of the good so that's the first part those polyphenols that do all sorts of stuff they're antioxidants they can be anti-inflammatory they can be gut healing all sorts of amazing things the other thing you're going to get from these non-surgery vegetables is some Fiber and we're going to look for getting fiber within our diet all throughout our diet because we want to get minimally 35 grams of fiber a day ideally 50 grams plus non-searchy vegetables are one of the starting points you're not going to get a load from non-starchy vegetables but you will get some and remember fiber is the fuel for your gut microbiome right it feeds it and whenever we can get Prebiotic fibers like onions garlic then we also give the fuel for the good bacteria to feed off of okay so that's the next part we want protein first non-searchy vegetable second at least five servings I really try to hit 10 or more and I'm always looking for a diversity across the day 10 different types of plants throughout the day spices count thankfully otherwise that might be a little tough and then 50 throughout the week next up fruit two fruit servings a day the only time I break this rule is if I'm if I'm going through the sugar impact diet now I've already done that I've already figured out where my sneaky sugars were I you know I got rid of my sweet tooth so this is for you you do the sugar impact diet if you've got this sugar sugar Sweet Tooth you're like I cannot get rid of it or you've got issues with blood sugar imbalances and insulin sensitivity Etc then you do that and there'll be two weeks in there where we drop your fruit down to basically zero except for lemons and limes non-fruity fruit besides that I want you eating two servings of fruit a day and prioritizing berries because not only do they have that deep rich color but they also have the polyphenols and you get a diversity by having blackberries and blueberries and raspberries not eating blueberries every single day right so two servings of fruits about a cup so it's a big apple it's a cup of berries every day next up is hydration and in a lot of my YouTube videos and also on Instagram I talk about hydration because hydration is super key for your body to be able to be metabolically flexible use fat for fuel to help with Hunger to help with detoxification turns out if you're only even mildly dehydrated we're talking one percent that's way before you actually feel thirsty your body can start to break down glucose and turn it into fructose this is really bad it's like going the wrong way and store that fructosis fat on your body okay just like a camel stores fat to be able to get through the desert your body will do the same thing we do not want to do that right and it turns out that every time that you drink some fluids especially water you're going to boost your metabolism a little bit in fact it can be as much as 30 percent for 30 minutes so Iced Green Tea black coffee in the morning sparkling water water drink this all throughout the day here's your goal half ounce per pound of body weight this is not Target body weight your actual body weight and then you add in more based on exercise you add in half an ounce to an ounce per minute of exercise and go to the Ounce if you're exercising somewhere like I live in Florida hotter and sweatier here right I do hot yoga I'm definitely going to the Ounce plus there okay so that is hydration I especially like you to focus on doing that in between your meals get up in the morning start your water then have your black coffee in between your meals do your ice cream tea before a meal bonus points if you do your ice cream tea put in a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar because it's going to lower the blood sugar response to the meal simple little hack okay and then we're going to talk about timing now just brief on the timing because I can do a whole video on this in fact I did I'll guide you to this at the end of the video but what you want to think about here is making sure that you are not doing what Dr Sachin Panda found out was that you know some crazy percentage of us I think was something like 90 of Americans were eating 15 hours or more a day like that's wild what you want to do is wait about anywhere from an hour to three hours after waking to eat I think you know 90 minutes to two hours is really a sweet spot because you want to give your body time to wake up cortisol is coming up it's waking back up your pancreas getting insulin going again right so you want to do all that so you're waking up you're seeing the sunshine you're starting to drink your water then you're adding in the coffee and then have your first meal eat every three to five hours you do not want to be a continuous feeding machine right you want to eat let your body's blood sugar let your blood sugar come up have insulin bring it back down to normal give your body time and rest then eat again and do you do your three meals a day you can compress it to two if you're careful about your protein if you want to do a bigger autophagy trigger again I'll share the next video on that you can do it to four if you're really working on putting on muscle but here's what I want to make sure that you do you stop beating three to four hours before bed because if you eat too soon before you go to sleep it is going to impact your sleep and test it and track it I know I've tested it enough times I know what happens my deep sleep sleep is a mess I'm hot I'm sweaty it's just awful so you're going to stop eating three to four hours before bed and remember you're eating every three to five hours so think about it you might wake up at 6 30 eat breakfast around 8 39 eat lunch around 1 1 30 eat dinner around six go to bed at 10. super easy and what we also did there was we took your feeding window and we made it somewhere in the 9 to 12 hours and that should be your just every day again I will guide you to learning more about intermittent and fasting and how you can use that as a dietary tool here and there but what I want you to really focus on as a hard and fast rule is eating within maths a 12 hour window that shouldn't be called intermittent fasting that should be called how we should normally eat like we used to right with those timing Windows of waiting a little bit when you wake up stopping eating before bed okay there you go timing next up are carbs and fat now when you think of protein protein we eat for function this is going to help us build muscle this is going to help us make hormones this is going to help us with bone health now carbs and fat are for fuel right and I love I'm trying to think I think Don Layman says this Dr Don Layman that you have to earn your carbs there's a baseline of carbs that you're going to have but here's what's interesting you cannot live without protein fat and fluids you can't but you can live without carbs I'm not saying that you should and I'm going to show you how they vary but what I make sure of is that the carbs I get every day are from those non-starchy vegetables and from those two fruits and that's going to put me somewhere around 50 grams of carbs depending on how many I really try to push my vegetables up so I get to more around 70 grams you're going to be somewhere in that 50 to 130 grams a day if you've got adrenal exhaustion if you are working out a lot remember you're earning your carbs bring it up and you're going to get your carbs from as close to Nature as possible this is where you want to really think of more Whole Foods lentils and legumes hummus wild rice winter squashes root vegetables beets so that's where you would put the carbs and then the healthy fats what I do is I'm eating clean animal protein so I know I'm going to get some healthy fats there I'm using extra virgin olive oil with my vegetables when I'm cooking so I'm getting my healthy fats there I may add a little bit of whole fats like avocado or nuts and seeds but the reality is with how I'm eating I'm not really needing to add much more than that I'm throwing in some freshly ground on flaxseed meal into my shake so I'm getting in some whole fats I'm eating the fats from animal protein and then I'm using extra virgin olive oil as I'm prepping things you can also do ghee or avocado oil the reality is when you do that you probably don't need to go oh I need to add more fat especially if you're female and you're looking to be able to burn off fat you don't need to add more burn your round let's talk about things that I make sure that I get into my diet each week and I've been really experimenting with this I want to give a shout out to two people who I think are great with this information for you to check out one is Dr Sarah Ballantine and she created this nutribor scoring system super great for looking at like the value of different foods and that's where you know enough times of talking with her I'm like okay okay okay I'll eat the mushrooms and then the other one is Deanna Minnick who really talks about the colors of the different plants and how important that diversity is she was the one who was like 50 different things a week I'm like 50. she goes don't worry spices count too and I'm like well thank God for that so would I make sure that I include weekly a couple times a week I have been using a lot of mushrooms in my cooking and I've been doing my talking and shiitake and Portobellos different types of mushrooms different types of onions because I love the onions because again I'm getting Prebiotic fibers there I've been also getting beets into my salads a couple times a week and eating rainbow colored carrots now cauliflower broccoli brussels sprouts these are absolutely my go-to so I don't have to worry about getting those in I get a ton of them and with the Deep cream leafies I always have a couple different types at home but I especially focus on arugula amazing nutrients in arugula berries again I want you to think about not just getting stuck on one type of berry like don't just be have the blueberry go to try the rotation of the blueberries The Raspberries the blackberries and maybe you are in a place where you can get things like gooseberries strawberries all right different apples we do at least three servings of wild fish a week and Seafood and again we do at least three servings of grass-fed beef a week now I know there's a lot of hoo-ha about red meat but here's the thing making all red meat seem the same is like comparing Wonder Bread to creating a whole grain bread at home they're entirely different foods right it would be like saying apple juice is the same as eating an organic apple totally different grass-fed grass-finished beef is a health food now you want to make sure you prepare it correctly you're not charring it but grass-fed grass-finish beef has a lot of nutrient of density in it so this is one that I would want you to include in your diet and lamb comes in there as well because lamb is amazing especially it's generally grass-fed grass finished other thing that I include is some flax and chia extra virgin olive oil some legumes especially lentils and if you are not dairy sensitive because if you're Dairy sensitiveness will change but if you're not dairy sensitive and I find for a lot of people they might be cow's milk dairy sensitive but they can still do feta or goat you know so they could do Manchego or goat cheese so if you can a little bit of that can be great to add to your salads I do a lot of vinegar I love to do vinegar before a meal too so doing that apple cider vinegar and green tea before a meal again simple way to lower the blood sugar response to the meal same with sea salts another one I put in because I want to help my adrenals and then you can use herbs because herbs are a way to hack that 50. so one of the cool things with herbs is if you throw in some Rosemary some basil some turmeric you just are getting yourself to that 50 diversity way easier so let's address the cheating shall we before I show you my actual meals because we're going to have a little show and tell here I know that there are diet plans out there that have you do a cheat meal but I also work in the world of food intolerance and you know what I wrote The Virgin Diet about was leaky gut and this was way back when when it was really talked about but what I saw was that you know people with leaky gut due to a variety of reasons can be stressed could be poor diet could be pain medications could be all above which usually is your gut gets more permeable food sneaks through the tight junctions in your small intestine triggers your immune system that lies right underneath it to get into action and you start to Crave the very foods that are hurting you and triggering this inflammation that can last for days now when you think about what someone's going to cheat on they're not cheating and I've never heard this in my 40 Years of doing this I binged on salmon last night JJ I feel rotten right I just have never heard it what people tend to cheat on are the very foods that hurt them right and then it starts a bad Cascade what if we just threw the whole idea of cheating out and what if we went to go for and depending on what your goals really are for how you're eating you know how tight your margin of error can be but for most of us we're going to do well if we're getting a a minus B plus on our diet that means there's rooms for certain things now are there rooms for artificial sweeteners are there rooms for you know bad fats you know like it's just hard to say yes that's a super good thing you should totally put that in especially the artificial sweeteners but here and there is there room for like I just had my 60th birthday and they brought this key lime pie with this massive meringue and yeah I had some of it and I included it into my daily what I did you know and I didn't I didn't eat the entire thing I didn't need it I had a couple bites but it was totally cool if it had been a trigger food for me though like let's say it was um buttered popcorn or something but the minute I eat it I'm like I need 20 more of those I would not have done it because it's just not worth it so I want you to think about you know that whole mentality of good days bad days cheating and instead go all right I'm going to look at my overall how I'm eating to support having a flexible metabolism one that can burn fat for fuel and burn sugar for fuel when I'm doing a hard workout when that effortlessly holds onto and builds muscle one that has great energy throughout the day and what do I need to do that remember the rules protein in each meal non-searchy vegetables those two fruits healthy fats and guess what when you do that you crowd out all that other stuff you don't have the cravings and if you want to have a bite of the key lime meringue pie after dinner it's like no big deal all right can we agree to that cool so now I'm going to show you my different meals so you can see how easy this is to put into action okay so I'm going to show you how easy it is to get 40 grams or more of protein in your loaded smoothie that's what I call them looted smoothies because we are loading them up with everything you need the clean Protein healthy fats lots of fiber so here we go ready so first thing and this is just a little hack is put fluid in first in your smoothie container so all the stuff doesn't stick on the bottom now here's how I'm pumping up my protein I've got this good karma flax milk that's got eight grams of plant protein so I go to 10 ounces so I get 10 grams so that's the first thing then I'm adding in my protein powder I'm using my reignite Wellness paleo inspired protein powder and that's going to get you over 20 grams of protein next thing I'm going to do is add in some of my collagen so now I'm I've got between that the flax milk that I'm going to add up to 10 ounces the collagen the shake mix I'm over 40 grams right there so now let's get some fiber let's get our fiber on and so what we're going to do here is I add in my extra fiber and the reason I like that is this one's a blend of 11 different fibers and resistant starch so I'm getting a whole bunch of different ones diverse fiber good for diverse gut microbiome I'm also adding in some flax meal now I don't need to Freshly grind this because I'm using a Nutribullet but if you are not using a Nutribullet or something that really can grind everything up grind it up and the reason I like flax flax is hormone balancing it's got phytoestrogens and it also has a load of fiber it's also got Omega-3s I put in some cherries and I first of all I love cherries and my husband loves cherries but I get no sugar sweetened no sugar added organic dark cherries they're fantastic especially with the chocolate paleo fiber or chocolate paleo Shake now I'm going to add in some ice too I like making it thick you want it thicker more ice less fluid if you want it thinner more fluid less ice easy peasy and then you just pour in your flax milk put it on tight all right so again again this has at least 15 grams of fiber might even be up to 20. 40 grams plus a protein tastes amazing healthy fats from the flax milk from the flax seeds and then to top it all off as my now you might think oh that sounds like a treat but I am so hooked on this cacao calm shout out to Jonathan because this stuff has all of these adaptogenic mushrooms no sugar dark chocolate and I try to get in at least a gram of chocolate or a gram an ounce of chocolate every day I really try to get more like two of dark chocolate because it's so good for you but this turns your chocolate into a mocha you can also use my chocolate protein powder so that's another way to do this but this is a great yummy way to make your coffee too so this is my typical way I break my fast is with a loaded protein smoothie and then a little coffee Delight here with my living ratio cacao calm all right I'm going to show you how you can crank up your veggies remember I said at least five servings of non-starchy vegetables well you can get that at lunch so the first thing I've done is I've already mixed up a bunch of my favorite greens which I love butter lettuce and I love arugula so right there that's three cups and you know what three cups is three servings so right there's three servings of non-starchy vegetables see how easy that was now I'm going to add in some radishes because I dig radishes and I'm going to add in some cucumber and I'm one of those weird super tasters who does not like bitter so I cut off the skins on that and so see how easy that is right there I have four four servings of non-searchy vegetables I'm also going to add in some tomatoes tomatoes are kind of a weird one because they're sort of a fruit veggie starchy one so right there now we we basically have five servings now I'm going to add one more thing here for some healthy fat and I'm going to add a little bit of avocado so I'm going to get healthy fat two different ways it doesn't look so pretty I'm gonna get it one from avocado so this is basically one healthy fat serving and because I'm eating very lean protein with really not much fat I'm gonna also get it from my olive oil so here's another thing I'm adding some Avo easy peasy and I want you just to note how quickly this is all going down right now next thing I'm going to do I've got loads of veggies I've got some healthy fats I'm going to have more healthy fats when we add the dressing but we need our protein now I use a food scale we underestimate by what we eat by like 40 percent we cannot do that when we get to adding in enough veggies and getting in our proteins so you want you to get a food scale and that food scale is going to become your guide for making sure you're getting the protein this chicken breast right here is 5.72 ounces that means that is about 40 grams of protein right there and so what I'm going to do is take it just slice it up right so slice and dice put on top of the salad easy peasy before I do that though I'm going to add in and honestly this is like lazy salad so lazy salad I get this amazing olive oil from fresh pressed olive oil Club because I trust them it's real it's the real deal they have this guy TJ Robertson who is the olive oil Hunter who literally goes all over the world searching for good olive oil so I pour my olive oil in that was about a tablespoon of olive oil and then you could either use some apple cider vinegar or you could use some red wine vinegar I'm gonna do some red wine in here I do yeah I don't know same thing tablespoon and a little for the counter all right and then just like do that up right simple throw your chicken on top add a little bit I got this from Peru when I went to that Maris salt mines add a little sea salt there it is easy now if you wanted to add a little bit of slow low carbs in here you could throw on some lentils you could throw on some black beans some chickpeas so you can do that easy too maybe you have some wild rice left over from the night before that would be a half a cup that you would add in here what I'm going to do instead is I'm going to have this and I'm going to have it with look at this so and I just want you to recognize that because I have three different types of berries in my one cup of berries I get three servings there so between the radishes two different types of um salad greens the Cucumber the avocado the tomatoes the blueberries The Raspberries the blackberries right here I already got nine different servings plus I had the cherries for breakfast I'm at 10 already for the day and the day is not over yet see how easy that is but right here 40 grams plus and again healthy fats from extra virgin olive oil a little avocado because chicken breast is super duper lean and I'm having the fruit so I didn't add in a non-starchy veggie or a I'm sorry a starchy carb but I could easily throw in a half a cup of chickpeas or lentils or black beans in here that would be easy too very easy lunch less than five minutes has everything that you need all right moving on to dinner now here's a dinner hat whatever protein you make for dinner just make an extra and put it in your salad the next day easy all right so again at dinner we're going to always have protein now here's some wild salmon we're going to use this thing just even though you get this thing and it's measured I always still use the food scale because it's never quite the same so this one's five ounces now five ounces of salmon about 35 grams of protein plus I added in some lentils a half a cup of lentils and I just made lentils and bone broth actually made them myself like I didn't get the canned ones I made them in bone broth to up the protein a little bit make them taste better and made a bunch for the week so I can make a soup or something else from them but here's some lentils with bone broth so we're getting a bunch of fiber and we're getting protein in that too half a cup is your serving size for that to be a serving of slow low carbs so depending on your activity level maybe you have a go wild and have a cup then I made killer brussels sprouts and I made these brussels sprouts with a little bit of mushrooms a little extra virgin olive oil so I count the fat in with that and this here is a cup and a half of Brussels sprouts so that's three veggie servings right there holy smokes and then I had some salad too so I'm always trying to have more salad so I'd start eating the protein first and eat my vegetables if I still have room I'll do my lentils but here I have [Music] probably two cups of veggies here too so two five veggie servings and of course I added in the Brussels sprouts and mushrooms making it for a grand total of the day of 12 different servings of fruits and veggies so amazing and for the day definitely got over 30 grand five grams of fiber we got over 10 servings of non-starchy vegetables we got our two fruit servings in and for protein we got over our 100 grams and really we got more to about 110. so I just want you to recognize that this was easy this is not hard to do because I hear people say oh my God I don't have time make time I made that lunch in under five minutes we timed it here we're like four minutes and 37 seconds so you can totally do this it's all in the prep I'm a lazy lazy Chef so what I'll do is I'll get the things for my salads I'll cut up the Cucumber so rash I'll do it once and that'll last me for days same with the salad greens I'll make protein at dinner I'll save it for salad the next day this is easy to do again the structure creates Freedom so just follow that and then at the end of this I will probably have a little bit of dark chocolate and I have a whole bunch I have like a part of my pantry dedicated we'll take a picture of it because it's ridiculous dedicated to dark chocolate and all the different ones that have either very low or no sugar added that are sweetened with alulose or monk fruit or Stevia so there's so many great choices out there again I make it my point to have at least an ounce of dark chocolate a day I suffer through it and ideally more like two ounces okay there's more that I have during the day though that I want to make a point of so I will be right back with a little show and tell on that all right so I got you your three meals but what else goes down during the day because you want to make sure again that you're drinking at least half your weight in fluid and more when you're exercising so I already talked to coffee and ways to make your coffee yummy remember though you're having black in the morning but the other things I drink throughout the day big fan of green tea and again if you do some green tea with a little apple cider vinegar before a meal lowers the blood sugar response to the meal check it out where where a little CGM I am wearing the Thea CGM and you'll be able to see it one other one I love similar to the apple cider vinegar lemon juice before a meal sour takes your sweet tooth away but it can lower the blood sugar response I'm a little addicted to these sujas it's lemon juice Stevia and cayenne a little pep for your metabolism you also want to look at where you can get fermented foods in and so coconut yogurt almond yogurt if you are not dairy intolerant Greek style yogurt all fantastic make sure you're getting plain no sugar added on these and I like to take them and add some collagen in as well or you can do some fermented drinks there's a whole lot of different probiotic drinks just watch make sure there's no more than five grams of sugar generally the fermentation eats the sugar but I try to make sure I'm getting in some fermented food daily as well a little bit of legumes a couple times a week and some of them fermented foods a couple other things that I do I do electrolytes every day I work out every day and I do the sauna a couple times a week and so I do electrolytes every day I also take timeline and creatine might appear or urolithin a and creatine every day as well creatine is super important because you got to keep that tissue saturation up and then I never go anywhere without a couple of these in my purse I have them in my car and those are my bars because you never know when you're going to get stuck and you don't have anything and so my brownie collagen protein bar saves me so that's the other thing I do along with traveling of course with my sparkling C with quercetin so I've always got my immune system in check those are the simple things now I didn't go into detail on the timing of your meals I talked about it but I alluded to intermittent fasting I am a huge fan and believer that you should eat during the normal circadian rhythm very very important you wake up in the morning your insulin's coming up your cortisol is up better time to eat you're getting ready for bed things are slowing down so there's a circadian rhythm that you want to be eating during and if you do want to shorten your eating window from that 9 to 12 hours to Shorter to trigger that autophagy there are definitely ways to do this and again I view diets as tools if you are looking for maybe some spring cleaning for your for your body to get rid of the cellular debris if you're looking to get your insulin sensitivity back quickly get your blood sugar under control you can do a lot with intermittent fasting you just want to balance it if you're working on putting on muscle because the two don't really go together I have a video here on autophagy and fasting where I explain all about how this works and how it works for your body composition goals and how it may just be the secret key to Fat Loss over 40. so check it out good thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jjvirginvideos [53 likes]: 9 Anti-Aging Foods You Should Be Eating Every Day: https://youtu.be/1Dnw5Fj9bSs
  2. @Kittyheavenwith21cats [1 likes]: This is great but unfortunately i don't like the taste of veggies.  Brussel sprouts. Tomatoes. Avocado.  Ya the struggle is real for me and i can't eat that much i just don't have an appetite but yet im still 25 lbs overnight
  3. @lorimichaels905: She is sensible
  4. @KangoJunior: Healix AI helped me stop guessing and start understanding. My health decisions now feel intentional and grounded 💡🌿
  5. @ErikLira-v4j: This video absolutely blew my expectations away!
  6. @Useroene: i love how u incorporate science into it also quick question just like proteins does ur body also try get in calcium i heard
  7. @senior-elderly-people: The comfort I found here is priceless
  8. @Gracy-ng5ip: This was so helpful and to the point—great job! To support my body daily, I use Planet Ayurveda’s Daily Essentials Capsules. They’re a reliable, herbal option for complete nutrition.
  9. @lynnezimmermann3507: What is the fiber supplement with 5 different types of fiber?
  10. @VitalHealthTales: Great explanation! Learning about health should always be this easy. ✨
  11. @janinedance102: Won’t then olive oil and avocado cause weight gain?
  12. @dialoguesFirsts1993: 1. every day, if you are 35+ or dieting or have a poor diet, you can take: vitamin d3+k2 4000, undevit (11 vitamins, B all, A, C, E, P), magnesium (citrate, for example) 400 mg, omega3 2 g, ginko biloba 80 mg
2. meals, 3 times a day, better to eat at the same time, without snacks, do not eat 3 hours before bedtime, chew food well 30 times. do not be distracted by the phone or TV
3. measure once the amount of calories, fats, proteins, fiber in your diet, it should be 1500-80-80-30 per day or similar, often you do not get enough proteins and fiber
4. stool is preferably once a day, if not, increase fiber (vegetables, greens, fruits). this is the most correct detox. Good gastrointestinal function is the most important thing
5. exclude alcohol, smoking, sugar, flour (rolls, white bread)
6. check for parasites in the small intestine or preventive treatment every six months (because of this, vitamin and mineral deficiencies)
7. drink hot water during the day, stimulates the secretion of bile (for the absorption of fats)
8. monitor the sugar and salt content in foods, often implicit in the content (juices, yogurts, sausages, sausages, for example)
9. a glass of warm water in the morning before meals (starts the digestive system)
10. eat fermented food at least once a day (e.g. a spoonful of sauerkraut, it is probiotics)
11.six-monthly tests, monitor iron, vitamins b1, b6, b9, b12, d3, sugar, zinc, cholesterol, thyroid, infection, especially for vegetarians
12.10 minutes a day of deep abdominal breathing (diaphragm movement) 8s inhale, 8s hold, 8s exhale, 8s hold
13. before going to bed, raise your legs above your head for 10 minutes (also an aid for varicose veins)
14.long walks for 2-3 hours at least once a week (lymphatic circulation)
15.if you need to cope with depression, you can drink 5-htp
16.if you work at the computer and your vision is deteriorating, then every hour exercise “blood pump”, blood to the head increases (also an aid for varicose veins)
17. make it a way of life, not a temporary remedy. in 2 years you will achieve results, because diets can be very unbalancing and confusing for a person
18. it is advisable to go to bed at 22 and wake up at 6 on weekdays and weekends, good sleep is very important
19.it is desirable to do light warm-up every hour, for example, squats (it is for blood vessels)
20. men over 40 should take prostamol uno every six months (natural ingredients)
21. there are natural supplements: milk thistle meal (liver), flaxseed oil (omega 3), garlic (allicin), walnut (brain), pumpkin seeds (libido), sunflower seeds (vit b9)
22. These recommendations will help to reduce weight, improve psycho-emotional state, prevent heart and autoimmune diseases

Daily value of vitamins: C 80 mg, A 800 mcg, B1 1 mg, B2 1 mg, B3 15 mg, B5 10 mg, B6 1.5 mg, B9 200 mcg, B12 2.4 mcg, E 15 mg 
undevit composition: C 75 mg, A 1.8 mg, B1 2 mg, B2 2 mg, B3 20 mg, B5 3 mg, B6 3 mg, B9 70 μg, B12 2 μg, E 10 mg 
daily mineral requirements: zinc 10 mg, magnesium 400 mg, iodine 150 μg, potassium 3 g, selenium 50 μg, iron 20 mg, calcium 1 g
recommended amounts per day: sugar 25 g, salt 5 g, cholesterol 300 mg

For example: for breakfast boiled egg, buckwheat, sandwich with black bread and cheese, walnuts, pumpkin seeds, for lunch potatoes with peel, chicken breast or pork liver (once a week) or lightly salted herring, walnuts, sunflower seeds for dinner cottage cheese with sour cream, walnuts, apple. A total of 1500 calories, 75 g of protein, 80 g of fat, and the norm for vitamins and minerals. 

1 egg
cholesterol 180 mg, selenium 15 mcg, fat 5 g, protein 6 g, vitamin A 80 mcg, D, B2, B5, B7, B9, B12 1 mcg, E, choline 150 mg, iron 1 mg, 70 calories, calcium, zinc, iodine
 
cottage cheese 100 g
magnesium, calcium 100 mg, fat 7 g, protein 17 g, vitamins A 80 µg, B2 0.2 mg, B12 1 µg, 150 calories, potassium 150 mg, casein

Chicken breast 100 g
potassium 250 mg, magnesium, zinc, fat 3 g, protein 25 g, vitamins B3 12 mg, B6 0.5 mg, B12, B2, 150 calories, selenium 25 µg, iron

pork liver 100 g
protein 18 g, fat 5 g, vitamin A 8 mg (daily value), B12 25 µg (daily value), B9 250 µg, B2 2 mg (daily value), B3 5 mg, B6, B5, iron 15 mg, zinc 5 mg, copper 400 µg, selenium 40 µg (daily value), potassium, 130 calories

Lightly salted herring 100 g
protein 18 g, fat 16 g, omega3 2 g (daily value), vitamin D 25 µg, B12 10 µg (daily value), A 300 µg, sodium 3 g, selenium 40 µg (daily value), iodine 50 µg, 200 calories, calcium

walnut 30 g
copper 0.5 mg, magnesium 45 mg, zinc, vitamin E,Boiled buckwheat 100 g
magnesium 50 mg, potassium 100 mg, iron, zinc, copper, protein 4 g, fat 1 g, vitamin B1, B2, B3, B5, B6, B9, zinc, iron 1.5 mg, carbohydrates 20 g, 110 calories, fiber 2 g

1 boiled potato with skin (preferably red)
protein 2 g, carbohydrates 25 g, fiber 3 g, vitamin C 15 mg, B6 0.5 mg, B1, B2, B3, B9, potassium 600 mg, magnesium, iron 1 mg, copper, 110 calories

pumpkin seeds 30 g
160 calories, protein 8 g, fat 14 g, fiber 2 g, omega3, omega6, carbohydrates 5 g, magnesium 160 mg, zinc 3 mg, iron 2 g, copper 0.5 mg, potassium 240 mg, vitamin E 2 mg, B9 30 mg, arginine, phytosterols

flaxseed oil 5 g (teaspoon)
vitamins E, omega3 3 g (den of nor), fats 5 g, omega6 1 g, omega9 1 g, phytoestrogens, 45 calories

sour cream 50 g
fat 10 g, protein, vitamin A 100 mcg, D, B2, B12, B9, calcium, potassium, magnesium, 100 calories

butter 5 g
fat 4 g, vitamin A 130 mcg, D, E, 35 calories, cholesterol 10 mg, calcium, sandwich

hard cheese 10 g
vitamin A 60 µg, D, B12, calcium 80 mg, zinc, protein 3 g, fat 3 g, 45 calories

black bread 30 g (slice)
vitamin E, B1, B3, B5, potassium 80 mg, magnesium, iron, protein 2 g, fat 1 g, carbohydrates 15 g, fiber 2 g, 70 calories

sunflower seeds 30 g
protein 5 g, fat 14 g, vitamin E 10 mg, B9 60 µg, B3, B6, potassium 180 mg, iron, zinc, selenium 17 µg, magnesium 100 mg, 170 calories B6, B9, B1, B2, B3, fat 20 g, protein 2 g, omega3 3 g (daily value), omega6 10 g, fiber, potassium 125 mg, 200 calories
  13. @Seanus32: A fab presentation :) Educational and practical :) Health is wealth. We need more of such videos in these times.
  14. @kathynewkirk683: I could not eat that much food!  That was NOT a tablespoon of olive oil!  And, that was not one cup of berries!
  15. @rootingfiu1679: I love this video, my dream one day is to hire a nutritionist 🙌🏽
  16. @HildrRedFox: Thank you from Palm Bay Florida! You know we have the heat, sister! I will be 60 this year, appreciate your videos!
  17. @Health365ToDays: very good
  18. @Leanna_Weber_Art: I have gastritis and intestinal metaplasia. I am told I can’t eat some of the foods you list here like raw veggies, onions garlic, beef… Can you share your thoughts on what I should do to heal or do you have a video specifically for these conditions.  I didn’t see one.  Thank you.  Losing hope.
  19. @Sonja-c3g: Good luck getting 50+ grams of fiber per day, let alone trying to do it while also getting 120+ grams of protein and remaining in a calorie deficit.  (Later in the video, she says 50 grams of carbs per day.  Perhaps she misspoke?).
  20. @plantinfo8184: Spanish or Latin chicks are in ideal human physical condition. they don't exercise and eat taco's = ideal portions / sufficient nutrition. So copy the Mexicans' in their diets and and improvement would be not to eat after 8 for a man/woman , none after 7 for athletic department/s or models, and a high complex carb breakfast , tacos🌮 for the rest of the day can be done.  Thank You. 🌯 not a lot of potats/potato...  🔋🥢🧪🧈🐷🐷🍔⚡⚡🐽🥧🥧 plant oils are not recommended - use saturated fats with acidic condiments to close-the-stomach to slow nutrients entering the blood and for > anabolic hormone production, the result of slowered absorption.

- Tired, Stressed, or Foggy? These 5 Women’s Supplements Are Proven To Help: Kind: captions Language: en supplements. Let's talk a little bit about supplements. I get asked all the time what I use. I can't really tell people what to use in whatever country they're in because there are different regulations. What I can say is you want to look for something that you trust and it's really clean. And I say that standing here with lots of products by one company in front of me, Momentous. I really like their products, not necessarily because they are third party tested. They're really clean and I really appreciate the ethos that goes into making them, but I partner with them and I agree with them because of their advocacy behind the scenes. We got in front of Congress to talk about women's health and how there has been different policy changes for collegiic athletes in their health. So, yes, I'm going to show Momentous because I love the people behind the company. I love the advocacy behind the company and they're really good, clean products. The ones that I use the most from them is their protein powder. Either their plant-based or their unflavored whey. This is their 100% plant protein. Really mixable. It's great. I love their creatine. So I always talk about creatine and looking for Crea Pure. So we look at creatine and why we want to use it. So creatine is a natural thing that occurs in the body. So we go through creatine whenever we have fast energetics. So you think about the first 0 to 20 seconds of any kind of energy system within the body, brain, heart, muscle, gut. And we see that creatine monohydrate is so important for health, especially brain health. And we hear about it from a bodybuilding background where we have to use 5 g twice a day with carbohydrate to really boost the amount of creatine that's in the muscle. But that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about 3 to five grams daily. You can take a teaspoon and stir in your coffee because it's just a very easy powder that's really mixable. Doesn't taste like anything. Takes about three weeks to fully saturate. But we see from RCTs or randomized control trials for women that using creatine can help bring women out of an anxiety or a depressive state much faster than just using something like a serotonin reuptake inhibitor. We can look at Crea Vitalis website, creatine for health website. They're both one and the same. And it has a list of all the most recent publications on creatine for the health aspects, not just muscle performance. Collagen, I can't use collagen, but I wanted to bring it up. My husband uses it for joints and other structural aspects, but as a plant-based individual, I don't use collagen. There is a confusion between collagen protein and something like a normal protein powder. Collagen protein is not what we think of when we're using post exercise protein because it's a structural protein. It does not go into the quantification of your dietary protein. So if we're looking at collagen, there's two kinds. We have a native collagen and a peptide. A native collagen when ingested has an interaction with your immune system to reduce the inflammation and the signaling to degrade your cartilage. We see peptides are small bits of that whole collagen that are actually digested and those small bits of peptides go to the target tissue and are used to regenerate some of the cartilage but also to trigger a response to stop degrading the cartilage. So, it's a structural protein. If you want good hair, you want good skin, you want good nails, you want good joints, you're going for collagen. If you want muscle, muscle protein synthesis, nerve, bone, all of the things for dietary protein, you go for a protein supplement that is plant-based or whey isolate. The other must-haves really is an omega-3. It's really important for women who are super active. If we look at a cellular aspect of increasing our oxidative and antioxidative status, omega-3s are really essential for brain health, cellular health, and so it's one of my go-tos for sure. And then we get to adaptogens. These are two that I use on the regular. I use rodeiola and ashagandha. So I'll take a step back and tell you what an adaptogen is. An adaptogen is a plant compound that has an effect in the body that we don't normally see with a pharmaceutical. The best way I can explain it is if we look at seaweed and we see seaweed changes different colors. When it is in a dark cold part of the ocean, it has a higher protein content and it in itself is dark. When that same plant comes up closer to the surface in the summer months, it becomes lighter in color and has a reduced protein composition. The reason for that is it's adapting to the environment. So a plant in itself can adapt to different situations to different stressors. So there are certain plants that grow in really environmentally challenging conditions. So we can look at MKA, we can look at ashagandha, we can look at rodeiola. They adapt to the harsh environment that it's in. And because it can adapt, that same compound has a response to our human stress system. So if we look at something like rodeiola, it has multi-factoral effect on the body. We can see that it modulates estrogen for perry and post-menopausal women. So that means it either increases the sensitivity of your receptors or it decreases the sensitivity based on what your own individual body needs. It also has an effect on cortisol. It modulates your cortisol receptors as well. So, it helps with that tired but wired feeling by dropping cortisol's effect on the body so that you can get into more of a parasympathetic state. When I'm traveling with jet lag, I use it to help me get into a parasympathetic state for sleeping so that it can help my body reset its circadian rhythm and get me out of a jet lag state. With ashagandha, it's an overall stress reducer because it has a direct effect on cortisol cortisol responses, but it also has an effect on thyroid. So, it does have a contraindication for individuals who are using any kind of thyroid medication because again its adaptogenic response is it understands how stressed your body is from a metabolic as well as an autonomic nervous system. So, it can adjust your thyroid hormone sensitivity, but it also affects cortisol and how your body responds to cortisol. So, it's another one if you're going into a highly stressed situation or you're living a highly stressed life, it helps modulate that stress to reduce that overarching tired but wired feeling. So, that would be the cadre of supplements that I use on the regular. And when we're looking at all of our individual basis of when do we use supplements, they are actually that a supplement. We want to look at real food first, but sometimes there are holes in our diet where we need to fill and that's where some supplementation can come into play. Or it might be that we don't want to go onto a true westernized pharmaceutical so that we look to use adaptogens to help modulate some of the effects that a pharmaceutical would. But again, it's an individual journey. It's an individual basis. I'm just sharing with what I use and working with companies that I trust. So, thanks for watching and I know you're going to have a multitude of questions about supplements. So, if you drop a comment and have a question about a supplement, we'll try to get to it as fast as we can and give you some insight of where to go to find more information about clean supplements and what ones actually work for women because again, there's not a lot of research out there that shows there's efficacy for everything for women. So, again, thanks for watching and drop a comment here and there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chloestephens5031 [1 likes]: Hi. Have you any idea how I've can take creatine. with or with out food. I had blood work done and I'm in the middle of the chart.... thankyou.
  2. @shaunzhai3282 [1 likes]: 1 protein powder (whey isolate or plant based and or)
2 creatine monohydrate
3 collagen (something tested or shown for skin, hair and nail benefits and joints
4 ashwagonda (not a lot of study done on this not recommended for everyone)
5 omega 3s (can be sourced in food but can supplement if needed) don’t need just her brand of all of these it is just the brand she likes and gets paid by.
  3. @BeautyB-dx7ct: Are the capsules of essential amino acids a good alternative to whey protein and plant based protein powders? I struggle with these powders due to my IBS. if not what would you recommend as an alternative to these protein powders?
  4. @fferpadill: Loveeeee how you explain with clear details and understandable language ❤ thank you!!!!
  5. @zacadomike8093: Slightly off-topic:
Glycine is the smallest and most abundant amino; just one molecule distinguishes Glycine from Glyphosate. Fabrication of all proteins can insert glyphosate in place of glycine, which produces mutations. 
The useless mutations may be hidden away in fat deposits, or otherwise poison & disrupt health.
  6. @danielafriedman2474: hi! love your content, I follow your work. Can you advise in which times of the day is best to take each morning vs night, post or pre workout?
  7. @elaineentwistle9583: When to use the supplemwnts
  8. @Luckyone1111: 7:38 do you notice where it comes to woman? They just stick them all chemical antidepressants et cetera but the men on YouTube are going all out talking about adapters et cetera thank you so much for speaking out for women. There needs to be more of us.
  9. @maryjoduprey265: collagen does nothing.  I took it for 5 years and still ended up with arthritis in the hip.  There are NO studies that support collagen for the joints.  It DOES NOT reduce cartilage loss.  Nope.  And there are no studies that show it supports hair, nails, skin...myth
  10. @SG-ce7ji: ❤❤❤❤❤
  11. @t.michaelstudios6859: Trying to find information about best B12 supplements for Vegans and which kind to take … 
Can’t find much on this subject from you … thanks!
  12. @thehaveners1229: I LOVE that you are plant based but that you talk about both options. BUT I AM VERY CURIOUS, is there a specific reason for being plant based? I know this extremely individual so what works for one may not for another but I’ve been back and fourth on do I feel better, inflammation wise being more plant based or do I feel better with some animal products still involved. I fully believe I’m in perimenopause so my body can feel all over the place. But currently in this stage, I’ve lost so much of my appetite so I’ve struggled to get a lot of volume with veggies in my diet. Used to be able to eat TONS of them, now I struggle to eat a medium sized salad. Because my protein has suffered trying to stay plant based, I began eating a lot of fish (I’m big on quality so wild caught) but pasture raised eggs as well(store bought often make me nauseous but farm fresh don’t 🤔) really weird. But yes once I start adding in turkey and chicken and I’m more animal protein forward, I start to feel more inflamed 🤦🏻‍♀️ so I’m in this really weird place. I also have struggled with horrible brain fog so I feel like my brain is stuck trying figure out a balance. Sounds silly but just my experience lol so any thoughts from ANYONE is welcome. Lol
  13. @doloressargeant8778: Paul Saladino  I was watching before this said DO NOT DRINK WITH COFFE. OMG I HATE THIS. He said it equalizes the health benifits he quoited a study from the 90's and 2020's. He said wait six hours and no sport drings with or before Creatin.
  14. @amberdoran: Can we discuss time of day for supplements? I have heard that ashwaganda should not be taken in the morning because we want cortisol high in the morning. Also empty stomach vs with food. It gets really complicated. Take this first thing on an empty stomach, but also eat breakfast first thing.
  15. @InnerSunAyurveda: I love that two of her favorites are herbals. Rhodiola is truly amazing when it comes to clean energy and supporting the thyroid.
  16. @cathywilliams1901: Is creatine safe, or effective, for teenage girls (16+)?
  17. @AuraPostcards: Thank you for your channel.
  18. @theonlyheather: Why would anyone trust a medical professional who profits off a product they recommend.
  19. @michellegess690: Would like to learn more about
  20. @Mr.NutritionFits: Very well defined maam❤

- Why Women Over 40 Are Eating Too Much Protein (What the Research Actually Says) | Dr. Valter Longo: Kind: captions Language: en What about uh your thoughts around you mentioning earlier that on a daily basis we should look at a 12-hour overnight fast? Um what about fasted exercise if it's within that 12-hour period? Do you see that as a positive or is it more down to preference of the individual whether they train in a fasted state or in a fed state? >> Yeah, I you know, we're looking [clears throat] into it. Um I'm not an exercise expert. So, um yeah, I would say probably uh it it it you can pick based on the data that is available and published data. I would uh read up on the on the papers and see if uh if there is a a better time to to do it, you know. So, so now we're collecting data, so I don't want to come up with uh until we have a a chance to review, you know, many many papers uh come up with recommendation on when is best to uh to train. Um but um yeah, there's a lot of data out there. I think most of the training is going to be good no matter what. And what about protein intake? Um are are your um in terms of what you've studied there, is it moderate protein intake? I know there's a lot of talk now about making sure people get enough protein to stimulate that alongside resistance training muscle protein synthesis. Is there a danger of people having too much protein? I mean, there is no doubt people are having too much proteins, right? And there is no doubt children are having too much protein. And when we looked at Italian children, uh they were having two to many age ranges, two to two to three times more than pediatrician recommend. This is certainly the case for the United States and UK and lots of places. This protein craze is just uh unbelievable. It'd be hard to think how it's not going to affect uh health span. You know, the only way that you can make a mouse or a rat live longer without calorie restricting them is protein restriction, right? And if you look at the the centenarians of all over the world, most of them were protein restricted for decades and decades in their lives. Most of the epidemiological data uh suggest that uh low protein but sufficient, right? It has to be sufficient, but it has to be low. Is uh is ideal, particularly low animal-based proteins, right? And uh yeah, so now we're hearing the opposite. Uh and that's going to be a problem, right? And and that's going to be a big problem. Not to can be confused with malnutrition because obviously there are a lot of people that are malnourished. Right? And so, you need 0.8 g of of uh of proteins per kilogram of body weight per day of good quality, right? You cannot have 0.8 g of legumes, for example. You should have 0.8 g. You could have legumes, but you know, let's say 2/3 of it have to be with uh levels of amino acids that are of essential amino acids that are higher. So, you have fish or or or, you know, other um grains, whole grains. And you know, so a variety of the uh let's say nuts have usually uh amino acid qualities that are better than those in in legumes. So, yeah, so then even if you're vegan, you could do it, but it's harder. Uh but certainly if you're pescetarian or or if you eat some meat uh you know, three or four times a week uh white or or red. So, it sounds like a mostly plant-based diet as opposed to because what we're hearing so much about, right, is muscle-centric medicine um with protein kind of at the fore in terms of fueling the body uh and supporting that strength uh for the purposes of longevity. Um it you seem to voice some quite deep concerns around protein intake. In my book uh I talk about five pillars, right? And and the five pillars are epidemiology, clinical trials, basically search, centenarian studies, and complex system, right? So, and this is eventually what AI is going to do, right? So, AI is going to say, "Come on, you know, you couldn't possibly look at just half a pillar. Look at everything, right? You know, you want to look at everything and then extrapolate. So, soon we'll have that, luckily, because that's going to put a stop in this half a pillar science, which is like, you know, I I I did a clinical trial, you know, for a couple weeks and I showed that people and we're reviewing those data and it's not a big difference between, you know, 1.5 g and and 1.2 g per day. So, so I say minimal difference in muscle growth and and potentially huge difference in in um you know, diseases and and lots of problems. I think that um that, you know, makes no sense and um and this half a pillar science is going to do a lot of damage. Um so, but hey, you know, people they they like to, you know, hear the the entertainers and the entertainers, that's what they're saying now, you know, and um um you know, that because they they've read 10 studies and that's what these 10 studies show that that's the way to go. Uh but 100 years of research and five pillars indicate that's not the case, yeah. It is true that, for example, if you look at Okinawa, you know, the record longevity areas from the from the world and probably Japan and and um Southern Italy, there was higher frailty, right? So, probably because you know, the restriction, let's say, the legumes or whatever. You know, the Okinawans historically had 9% protein. So, about half of the 0.8 g, right? So, they had such a low protein diet. But hey, not surprisingly, they had some of the record longevity in the world for decades. And Japan has been consistently ranked number one in the world for life expectancy for decades and decades. And you know, they've always had a low protein diet. I think that that um you know, um we're going to see a problem eventually from this. And um but uh hey, you know, people can can choose whatever they they want to choose, yeah. So, if we were looking at that and we're looking at the macronutrient composition of their diet, um it sounds like from what you're saying protein shouldn't be more than around 20% um of total intake. So, that would then have 80% of those calories coming from carbohydrates and from fats. Minimum, it could even be higher, actually. It could be 15% um protein. Does it matter then, in your view, in terms of longevity, how that I know we've spoken about healthy fats, so kind of Mediterranean style, olive oil, things like that. But does it matter how somebody distributes those macronutrients between what percentage of fats, what percentage of carbohydrates, or is total calorie intake more important in terms of longevity? No, it matters, right? But um so, proteins, for example, I think the Japanese uh are around 13%, right? Of calories. A good uh goal, right? To to not be too extreme. And probably lower to to get even more benefits on longevity. But but let's say to be safe, you know, go with the Japanese uh uh you know, percentage. But I think it's better to think about grams per kilogram per day cuz people it's very easy. If you have an app or even if you don't have an app, you say, "Okay, I got 3 g from this and I weigh so much." And and so, you do the calculation a couple times and then you know, right? Whereas percentage of calories, you know, who can calculate that, right? So, it's it's very complicated. Um yeah, so then I think let's say 13% or so if you want to do the calculation, but otherwise 0.8 g per kilogram uh per day. Um and then, you know, the the the historically, let's say, the Japanese had very low fat diet. Not not anymore, but but the Okinawans had a very low fat diet and and um and now they have much higher because they have a lot of fish. And uh the Italians um had a higher uh fat percentage. So, we put fat around let's say 25, 30% mostly plant-based, mostly from healthy sources, nuts and and dark chocolate and uh and olive oil and yeah, so that that's and salmon um or or so, 25, 30% uh fats. And and then, you know, 50 55% carbohydrates. Um you know, and keeping the starches using the starch uh consumption, sugar and starch low or as low as necessary um to prevent weight gain, right? So, so if you if you have a lot of a lot of rice and a lot of potatoes and a lot of bread, uh yeah, so those are uh that's not how you want to get to the 55% uh um calories if you uh if you have a weight problem and most people do, you know. So, it's like whole food fiber sources of carbs.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanessac1965 [4 likes]: I feel so much better on less protein, I was miserable and overweight! I went high carb low fat with 30-40 grams protein a day and it was life-changing
  2. @maridionne11 [2 likes]: I love this talk about protein!! So many women including me just dont feel right eating this much animal protein. Thank you!
  3. @nylenyap3933 [1 likes]: Stupid …
  4. @mthomaspeter: It’s very good content Mari, keep it up and I would like to know , I am from India , male 44 but looks in my late 20s, I am building muscle now , so 0.8g per kg body weight applies or should it be more than that, nobody talks about it. Thank you.

- You're Doing Protein WRONG! 5 Mistakes to AVOID for Fat Loss Over 40: Kind: captions Language: en This is a pound of muscle and this is a pound of fat. And if you don't have adequate protein on board, guess which one your body is going to burn first? It's not the body fat. No, it's the muscle. Your body will eat its own muscle to keep you alive. When it comes to body composition and losing weight, maintaining muscle, changing your shape, protein is king. It's all about the protein. You know that you're prioritizing protein, yet you're still not getting the results. In this episode, I'm going to help you understand the biggest mistakes when it comes to protein that you might be making that are preventing you from achieving your goals. And I know all about this with firsthand knowledge because I was making all those mistakes. I was listening to the same research, the same suggestions. I was following the recommendations. I was killing myself to hit my protein goals. And despite that, I was gaining weight. So today, not only am I going to share with you like the biggest mistakes that people are making as it pertains to protein, backed by research and studies, of course, recent research, today I'm also going to share with you one of the biggest mistakes that I think a lot of you might be making. It's not well researched. I'm going to tell you that. But it's a mistake I was making. And the more women I talk to, the more I find out they've been doing this, too. Especially women of a certain age. So, I'm going to share that with you. I'm going to tell you how I fixed it. And I think not only could it help you break that plateau that you've experienced or maybe even weight gain that you've been experiencing, but even more important, I think it's going to help you reduce the amount of stress and the confusion around protein consumption. I mean, because there's science and then there's common sense. And today, we're going to dig into all of those things here on the Shelene Show. Okay, as per usual, I I know you're here for the facts and you love to hear that these things are substantiated by research, but you don't necessarily need for me to quote every single citation of every single study. Nonetheless, I am going to provide them for you below in my show notes. I just think I'm not going to waste any time by going over every single study in detail. I'm going to give you the TLDDR version of these studies. And these are all studies that have been published in most of them in the last three years, a couple in the last 5 years. TLDDR, do you know what that means? Do you know what that stands for? Are you hip to that term? It means too long, didn't read. And you're my kind of girl or guy. Like you you love it where it's like, okay, let's just get to the facts. The first mistake that I want to address is what's known as the protein leverage hypothesis. And this is a fancy word that basically means when we're not prioritizing protein first, our bodies typically crave anything that's higher in sugar, like carbohydrates. That's just normal, right? Like you're not going, you know what I'm really craving right now? I'm really craving a a big hunk of meat. Like maybe you are. But more often than not, we as Americans, we're consuming foods that are higher in glucose, higher in sugar. We want crackers and cakes and cookies and crunchy things and and sometimes a bread and fruits and vegetables. And because we aren't starting first with protein, our bodies are biologically wired to seek out protein. So we will eat. This is the hypothesis that we will eat and eat and eat until our bodies have enough protein which leads to people just generally overeating because they're not tracking. They're not looking at they're not prioritizing their protein. Makes sense, right? Like stated another way, our bodies are always seeking to be satiated. And if we're not prioritizing protein and we're just eating our carbohydrates and our fats, we don't recognize it from a biological standpoint. We are hardwired to seek satiety. Like, think about it. Have you ever had one of those days where you're like, I'm just so stressed and I don't know what it is. I'm just so hungry. I just keep eating and eating and I I just don't feel satiated. I don't feel satisfied yet. And so, you might keep grazing or you might even just keep eating, but you just don't feel satiated. you don't feel satisfied. Well, the basis of the protein leverage hypothesis is such that a lot of us are in this state and what we don't realize we're seeking is protein and that we could probably we are likely overeing because we're seeking that satiety. And until our bodies reach a certain level of protein consumption, we just keep eating. And it's really easy. It's very common to be over consuming your calories which puts you in a major surplus which causes weight gain or it certainly does not allow us to create a deficit that we need to create weight loss or loss of body fat. A study published in the Royal Society in 2023 basically found that when humans are not getting enough protein in their diet, highly processed foods rich in carbohydrates and fats, when people are consuming those kinds of foods, they will compensate by overconumption in order to meet their protein needs. And another study confirmed this, published in 2022 in the Journal of Sports and Science Medicine, and found basically the same thing that people who were eating a diet that was lower in protein tended to keep eating and eating and eating until they actually did hit what they needed in terms of protein. Now, are they doing this knowingly? No. And you may be doing it unknowingly as well. The findings suggest that if we have an insufficient amount of protein in our system, our bodies crave more carbohydrates and fats. Certainly been true for me. And here's where this really hits home for especially for women who are permenopausal and menopausal. A study that was published in 2023 in February found that this is incredibly amplified by age. So as we're aging, this becomes more and more predominant. We want more carbs. We want more fats. And therefore, our bodies still need the proteins. So, we're over consuming calories, which is like a double whammy for those of us who are in menopause. The next biggest mistake, and this should be no surprise to you, is simply not consuming enough protein. And we've got brand new science to support this data to support the idea that if you want to permanently change your metabolism if whether you're on ompic or you're restricting calories or you're just trying to move more and lose weight, you have got to prioritize the consumption of protein. And with a recent study that just came out in 2025, it's more obvious than ever. The Cleveland Clinic reported just last month from their study that inadequate protein intake led to muscle loss and a diminished metabolic rate. In other words, you're not going to burn as many calories. You are less efficient. You are less metabolically efficient and flexible if you're not consuming enough protein. If you're not consuming enough protein, what's happening is you're losing muscle. And as we age, as I'm going to point out to you, it gets even worse. So now more than ever, it is critical that you're consuming enough protein. And I know you know this, but muscle is metabolically active tissue. Muscle burns more calories than fat. Let's take a look at some muscle, shall we? This is a pound of muscle and this is a pound of fat. And if you don't have muscle to keep you alive. And it's muscle that helps you to keep a faster metabolism. It's muscle that helps you to manage your weight. So if you are trying to recomposition your body, if you're trying to get a lower body fat, if you want to get a faster metabolism, like hello. Duh. Who doesn't want a faster metabolism? This one needs a faster metabolism. This is my dog Penelopey. Penelopey, what are you doing? She's so girlfriend needs more muscle and a faster metabolism. She needs more energy. So, she really needs to prior we've changed her diet and she is going to prioritize protein. But if you're not prioritizing protein, if you're not consuming enough protein, then what we know is your body is going to lose muscle at a much higher rate as you age. And you're probably wondering, how much protein do we need to consume? Okay, so I want to make this super simple. And you can watch a bunch of videos and you can hear about percentages and points and all these things and it becomes a mathematical equation. I don't like math. I don't like turning meal time into math. While yes, we do need to be aware of these things because we're just surrounded by carbohydrates and fats and we we kind of need to know how much protein we're consuming on a regular basis, I want to simplify this for you as much as possible. Generally speaking, if you get one gram of protein per pound of either ideal body weight or current lean body mass, I'll explain that in further detail in just a moment. you're going to be doing great. And if you can aim for even just a little bit higher than that, like don't even worry about the percentages. If you were just like, "Okay, if my let's just say, let's use round numbers. Let's say your goal is to get 120 grams of protein." If you're like, "That's my goal and I'm going to up it just I'm going to make it 125 and just see if I can hit that." You're going to be doing great. I don't want you to have to take out a calculator unless that's what you want to do. Like some people are really down to the brass nuts. Is it called brass tax? Some people really like to get down to the brass tax and look at the finite details. In fact, research published in 2024 in Frontiers in Nutrition found that people on low protein diets lost significantly more lean muscle tissue, not fat, muscle. They lost muscle if they weren't getting enough of their protein. And those who are on a higher protein diet, up to 35% of their total calories coming from protein had far more muscle. Not surprisingly, those who had a higher percentage of protein consumption each day had far better results. They they lost more weight and they lost more body fat, being able to conserve muscle tissue. Okay. But as it pertains to how much should you consume, some things that are just like super general and you're going to remember this. You're not going to forget this. The more active you are, the more protein you need. The more you're wanting to build muscle and lose body fat, the more protein you need. The younger you are, if you're young athlete, yeah, you need more protein. Young athletes and just older active people, we need the most protein. In fact, one study found that those who are not consuming enough protein and doing a calorierestrictive diet or just not eating enough calories because maybe they're doing a GLP, so they've just have, you know, like Ozmpic or Trespatite, they've kind of lost their appetite and they're especially the people are losing weight fast. They are losing muscle at a rate of up to not all but those who are not consuming enough protein risk losing muscle at a rate of up to 50% of their weight loss. So imagine if you've lost 10 lbs and five of that was muscle. That's not good, my friends. It's at this point in the video where I hate to be the bearer of bad news. So I I just want to forewarn you that if you're not subscribed and you've already watched to this part of the video, what's going to happen if you're not subscribed is this is going to show up on the front of both of your knees. Like you're just going to have a big blob of fat on both of your knees. It's is I don't make the rules. And if you are subscribed, this is what your hamstrings are going to look like. Like smooth and strong. Like I'm just say I don't make the rules. So you better double check right now. Make sure you're subscribed. And I'll just bet you never watched a YouTube video where the creator was so thirsty that they made up some random uh like tale of bad karma just to get you to subscribe. I mean, whatever I have to do, I'm not above it. The third most common mistake that you might be making as it pertains to your protein is not consuming protein right after you work out. Not exactly after your workout, but within a short window of time after your workout. And I always wondered like, is this a myth? Is there really research to support this? There is. A study published in the journal of sports science and medicine in 2020 highlighted the importance of consuming protein after exercise to maximize muscle repair and growth. This process is called muscle protein synthesis. It's critical for maintaining lean mass. So if if that's what you're trying to do, you are someone who's like, "Okay, I'm trying to change my shape." You can absolutely put on more muscle now than you did in your 20s and your 30s and your 40s. if you're doing it the right way. And one of the most important things you can do is make sure that you're consuming between 15 to 25 grams of protein within 30 minutes to 2 hours after your workout. Now, I'm not talking necessarily about doing a zone 2 walking session. I'm talking about lifting or something where you're doing some kind of intense cardio, something that would build muscle. And if you're watching this channel, if you're prioritizing strength training, too, because let's face it, I'm going to go on a little tangent now. If you need to get your cardio in, like your zone two cardio, and you got you like, "Okay, should I do my zone two cardio? Should I go on my walk? Or should I lift my weights?" You know the answer. You should be lifting your weights because when you're lifting weights, that's putting you in zone two anyway. So, it's like you get two for the price of one. And you're building muscle. When we're walking, which is awesome. It's important. I want you to get your cardio in daily, but it's not building muscle. You need to build muscle by going to the gym or by picking up a heavy set of weights and following a program that includes progressive overload. By the way, progressive overload, I that's one of those terms that I just assume that you have listened to enough episodes and you know what progressive overload is. But I was also thinking maybe I need to do like a whole episode about how to create a plan that follows progressive overload. Obviously, if you are uh in one of my programs, so phase it is my exercise program and I everything I create there is strength training for pmenopausal and menopausal women and it's all progressive overload. So, if you're like I don't know am I doing progressive overload? If you're in phase it, you absolutely are. But you want to be doing progressive overload because that's going to help you build muscle. But at within 30 minutes to 2 hours, closer to the 30 minute mark, you want to make sure that you're repl you're giving your muscles what they need to grow and to repair. And that, my friends, is protein. Published in March of 2025 in research starters, they called this the anabolic window. I love that. It's a period within 30 minutes to two hours after exercise when you need to consume protein because this enhances the recovery and your body's glycogen replenishment. Meaning like this is how you get your energy back. And it's not just protein. Ideally, you want to have a nice balanced meal, prioritizing protein, but also including some carbohydrates because another study in November of 2024 found that exercise that combined both protein and carbohydrates post exercise further improved muscle repair and exercise endurance. Not only that, but it reduced post exercise soreness. And even better than that, the combination of the protein and the carbohydrates again within that short period of time after your workout was found to boost insulin release, which helped to basically shuttle the amino acids into your muscles. In other words, nothing works in a silo. That's why like all of our hormones, they need to be balanced because if one is off, the whole system's off. If you're just focused on one, if you're only focused on protein, that's a problem. you still need the other nutrients. Remember for a little while there when we were like solely focused on keto and that's all anybody worried about was fats. I mean just you know we have to remember common sense and think about like okay we actually need all of these nutrients. Obviously we want to prioritize protein for muscle synthesis. This next one is huge and I want you to really self-reflect especially if you've been trying to troubleshoot why it is you haven't been able to lose weight. That's what I had to do when I was in pmenopause. And this is just like 3 or 4 years ago. I was doing in my estimation. I was like, I'm doing everything. I'm doing the HRT. I'm eating the protein. I'm doing my workouts. I'm doing the strength training. I'm, you know, tick tick tick. I'm doing all the things. Why aren't I losing weight? It took me kind of going through each one of those phases one at a time and being very honest and troubleshooting and being very precise like, okay, where am I missing the mark? Where is it? I think I'm following the recommendations, but I'm I'm doing it a little bit off from what people are recommending. And I've done a couple of episodes breaking that down. But as it pertains to protein, one of the mistakes that I was making was this one. and it is setting the wrong protein goal. So, I had been setting a goal based on my ideal weight versus setting a goal based on my lean body mass. Okay? So, if you're not a personal trainer, let me break down exactly what that means. So, let's just go round numbers. Let's just say that you weigh 150 lbs right now, but you want to weigh 125 lbs. Okay? You weigh 150 lbs. We need to know what your lean body mass is. You can estimate your lean mass. Like how much of your body, if you weigh 150 pounds, how much of that 150 lbs is muscle? That's all that we're talking about when we're saying lean mass, right? So, one way you can do this, it's not 100% precise, but it's not bad, is take a photo of yourself in your underwear and upload to chat GPT and say, "Here's my age. Here's my height. Here's my weight. Estimate my lean body mass. Tell me how many pounds you estimate I weigh or how many pounds of lean muscle, lean body mass I have." And it's again, it's pretty close. I mean, it's not like a 100% accurate, but it's a starting point. I've done it after doing not a DEXA scan. I did it after doing an inbody uh body fat caliber testing. You know, it's like sends electrodes through your body. Some of the higherend gyms like Lifetime has them. I have an inbody scale that I use now at home. And using chatbt, it was only off by 2% which isn't bad. Frankly, it's not bad, you know. Um, another way you can do it, obviously, is to purchase a scale that weight that takes into account your body fat. They're not 100% accurate. The most accurate is to do a DEXA scan. And if you're a woman over 40, I want you to get a DEXA scan. I'm sure the last time you did a uh a breast, what's it called? Mammogram. Mammogram. Yeah. Oh. Oh, she's alive, everyone. She's alive. Speaking of mammograms, this poor girl has had so many litters because she was a what do they call them? Like a um backyard breeder. She was she was the mom. She had a million and one litters. This poor girl. Anyways, back to mamograms. When you get your mamogram, your doctor's probably going to suggest you also do a DEXA scan at the same time. And that is because we're looking for we're looking at bone density. If you're a woman who did a lot of dieting, you did a lot of intense cardio, if you went through periods where you were restricting so much that you may have even lost your your period, something that's called amenorhea, there's a very high likelihood that you may have osteoporosis, maybe osteopenia, the beginning signs of osteoporosis. So they they'll suggest you get a DEXA scan. When you get your DEXA scan, they're also going to tell you exactly what's going on with your bones, how much water you have in your body, how much body fat you have, and how much lean body tissue you have. So, get one. It's probably covered by your insurance if it's not. I see them advertised all the time for like under 100 bucks, like 125 bucks. I've seen them, and it's really valuable. You don't have to get them every year, but super valuable to have, especially if you want to know your accurate body fat. Now, here's what I would do. I would get that DEXA scan and then I would use, you know, one of those very affordable scales that you can buy on Amazon. I will link to the InBody body fat scale below, the one that I have. It's got these handles that you hold on to. It's pretty accurate. And then when you do your DEX scan, go home, get on your scale, and then you'll have a gauge. You'll go like, "Oh, okay. This is pretty close. It's up three or down two, whatever." And then you can use that as your gauge. Now, once you know how much lean body mass you have, assuming you don't want to lose any, you don't want why would you ever want to lose any muscle, if anything, you might want to even increase, right? You might want to increase the amount of muscle that you have. So, take a look at how much lean muscle you have. And the other great thing that's so cool about chatbt is you don't need a personal trainer. You would just put the information into CHBT. I would say I weigh 150 lbs. Roughly speaking, I have um about 125 lbs of lean muscle. That's and I want to maintain that which means you want to lose 25 pounds of fat. That's what you're telling ChachiBT. And I would ask it based on that calculate how much protein I should be consuming per day and you're going to get a number of grams. Now, you can also go by a percentage, but what I'm talking about right now is setting a goal based on your based on maintaining your lean muscle. The mistake I think that so many people make, again, I'm not here to tell you what your goal should be, but if your goal is simply weight loss and you're setting your macros according to the weight that you want to be, you're not factoring in how much muscle you want to maintain and how much protein you need in order to maintain that muscle. And that is really important, especially if you want to come off the GLP1, especially if you want a faster metabolism, especially if you want to change your shape and just be a stronger human. I want to age powerfully. I mean, aging grace. There's a cute little old lady who is at the facility where my father-in-law is at. She's in a wheelchair. She always has her nails painted. She is so frail and she is so graceful. She really is. She's aged gracefully. I don't want that. I want to be buff. I want to be able to be sitting on the floor at age 90 and be able to get up without without assistance. Aging gracefully that maybe that's great for you. I don't I don't want that. I want to age powerfully. In order to do that, I need muscle. And that's why I think it's in my opinion, if you want to age powerfully, you should set a goal based on your lean body tissue and how much of it you want to maintain and or perhaps even increase. Because if you've never lifted weights, you want to ask and you you don't need an expert to to know any of this. You've got one. Use chatbt, use AI. It's brilliant for this stuff. And to support that, a study from 2022 um in the Journal of Sarcopenia and Muscle emphasized that adjusting protein intake based on your lean body mass as opposed to your ideal body weight is more accurate than using your total body weight. That makes sense, doesn't it? This approach avoids overestimating protein needs. And the reason why this matters is because if you're overweight and you're just going by your body weight or or even your desired body, your ideal body weight, you're likely going to have too high of a protein number. And when your protein number is too high, it's more than what you actually need to be able to maintain the muscle. And I know what you're thinking. Wait, I thought more protein was good to some extent, but if you're consuming too much protein, again, most people in order to have that much protein, they've also got to up their carbohydrates and they up their fats. And you can see what happens now. You're over consuming. You're getting so much protein, but you're also increasing all your other macronutrients because it's almost impossible to just eat straight protein. Most people have to incorporate that into other forms of their meals. and that may be why you haven't been seeing the results you'd like. And these studies didn't just look at people who were uh had a lot of weight to lose or had more body fat to lose. It actually also looked at mast's athletes, so athletes who are in older categories who train regularly. And they found that their average protein intake was between 65 and 1 gram per pound of lean body mass. And when they did that, and when they maintained those numbers, they were able to maintain muscle and perform better. Another thing you need to be aware of as we're aging, especially women, is our gut health. Right? So, one of the things I've learned in interviewing so many of these doctors and experts, is our bodies just do not absorb nutrients the same way. So, it's not just about eating the protein. It's making sure that you've got a healthy gut lining and that you're actually breaking down the protein. And how do you know if you're not right? Well, a couple things that are telltale signs. If you feel incredibly bloated, you just are like, "My stomach feels hard." Like you're you know that you didn't overeat the day before. You know you're eating something healthy, but like your your stomach just feels like distended and hard. That's one way of knowing. Obviously, if you're gassy. Um, and all of these things are signs that you your body might be having a difficult time breaking down the enzymes in in meats, especially proteins are more challenging to break down. And so, you are burning more calories while you're breaking them down. But if your body isn't truly absorbing them if you your body doesn't produce the enzymes you need to break those proteins down, then you're not getting the same proteins in your diet that somebody else is eating the same foods. That is why I assume in part these studies are showing that as we age, especially women, we need to increase our protein intake like perhaps even beyond one gram per pound of lean body mass. So, one of the things I started taking is an enzyme. It's a it's like a gut enzyme basically. It helps you to break down any proteins. The thing I noticed right away is flatter stomach just because I I love steak, I love chicken, I love meat proteins, animal proteins. Um, I love the amino pro uh amino acid profiles of that. So, I started taking I don't know if you can see if you're watching on YouTube, I'll show you. It's called mazymes, meaning like enzymes. And this is an incredible. You just take three capsules, two to three capsules at each meal when you're going to have protein, which hopefully is at each and every meal. This has been a game changer. and I haven't talked about it and I realized like, oh yeah, when someone asked me recently how I deal with the bloating related to protein, I'm like, how have I never mentioned this? Anyways, if this is something you want to try, um, Bioptimizers is a phenomenal sponsor of our show. We love Bioptimizers. Why? Because if you don't love this, they give you a 365day money back guarantee. I love a company that'll put their, you know, put a a guarantee back on something like that says a lot. I've met the founders of this company. I've had them on the show before. These are two people who are very dedicated to the research, like triple lab testing, everything. And they've just got some really remarkable products. I just can't believe I've never talked about this one. But anyways, it's uh it's called Mazy and you can get it by going to chelene.com/digest. How easy is that? Shelene.comdigest. That gets you 10% off plus a few other goodies. So again, it's uh chelene.comdigest. The next mistake that you might be making when it comes to your protein is is not spreading it out across every single meal. So a lot of times, especially if you're just focused on proteins, you're like, "Okay, there was this very popular trend in the 2000s that was called if it fits my macros." So basically, people would eat really unhealthy, overly processed protein, any food they want. Like for example, they might have like French fries and a burger and because the burger had a lot of protein, they were like, "Oh, I didn't worry about it because I I hit my macros." Like they were just focused on their macros and not at all looking at the type and the quality of food that they were eating. And what happens is, first of all, when you're eating macronutrients that are just loaded with inflammatory ingredients, you're going to spike your cortisol. You're going to you're going to be inflamed, and it's really hard to lose weight. Nonetheless, what many people would do is eat whatever meals they wanted to, and they wouldn't think about their protein, and then they would kind of like cram all of their protein requirements to hit their macros in one or two meals. And the problem with doing that, as we talked about earlier, is that your body needs protein on board, especially to repair your muscles, especially after a workout. So, it is really important that we're giving our muscles what they need like all day long. First thing in the morning, you're waking up after you you've been fasting all night because you've been sleeping. In fact, you know what? Let's talk to my friend Dr. Stephanie Esteema. Um she's got a great show. It's called Better. It's here on YouTube. You can listen to her podcast on whatever app you listen to your podcast on. Let's get Dr. Stephanie's advice on this topic. One of the biggest mistakes that women make when it comes to consuming protein is to actually look at protein as a percentage versus breaking it out and looking at it as a gram focus. Can I lose weight and body fat and avoid losing muscle? I guess stated another way, could a woman, not a beginner, but a woman who's already pretty fit, already lifting regularly, uh, who wants to just drop body fat, can she drop body fat without losing muscle? A woman can absolutely put on more muscle being in a caloric deficit, even if she's lean, right? Even if she is a resistance trained individual or has some experience in the gym and has been strength training for a long time. And it's not just her opinion. A research paper from 2022 published in the journal of clinical nutrition found that spreading out protein across evenly across our meals maximized protein synthesis again helping our bodies to use the protein to maintain muscle and not use muscle as fuel. Right? We want to use body fat as fuel. We want to use glycogen as fuel. We what we don't want to do is have our bodies resort to using muscle. As a general rule of thumb, at each meal, my goal is to get in at least 25 gram of protein every meal. Now, usually I'm going to get in more than that, but like even if it's just like a, okay, I want kind of a hearty snack. I'm going to make sure I lead with protein. Now, as promised, I want to share with you a big mistake that once I realized I was doing this and I changed it, the weight started to come off so much easier. Number one, and that's important, but number two is h my relationship with food changed. I had so much less stress. This is really, really important because I think so many of you might be doing the same thing. And I don't know that we need research to prove it. I think there's enough of us who have connected in this community and said like, "Oh my god, Shelene, that is me." So, let me tell you what I was doing. Again, in the 2000s was when we all started obsessing about macros, right? You know, especially in the late 2000s, and this is at the height of me doing fitness infomercials and everybody was talking about your macros. And if you really wanted to get lean and lose weight the right way, you had to track your macros. So, and and this is especially true for those of you, you've been there. Now, if you've never tracked your macros before, you don't have to worry about this. I'm speaking directly to those of you who have been caught up in that and you've hit a a wall like you're not losing weight despite tracking your macros. So, I was doing that like a fiend. I'd even hired a personal trainer to help me dial them in even more. She was someone who trained fitness competitors. I'm like, if anybody knows how to help people dial in their macros, this woman knows how to. And what she had me do was very consistent with what I was doing myself. It was like I needed more confirmation. And every single day at the end of the day when I would open up Fitness Pal, which is where I, you know, kept my track on my meals for the day, um, I would total everything up. I would total up as I went, but like at the end of the day is when I would look to see like, okay, did I hit them? And if there were 30 days in a month, I've probably had two days out of 30 where it was like perfect. More often than not, I was like over by five or under by 10 or under by 30 and you're like, "Oh, I'm just not even hungry. I want to go to bed and I didn't hit my macros. So, I have a choice now. I can down a protein shake that I'm not in the mood to have or eat a protein bar that I don't feel like eating or I can just feel like I failed, you know, and so more often than not, I'd be like, "Okay, I need muscle. I'm just going to consume whatever protein it is." And I would do that over and over and over again. And over time, you're just routinely and regularly over consuming your calories. And even if you are tracking, I don't know too many people who accurately track every single morsel. You're going to miss some things, right? And so then you're looking at you're like, "Oh, I hit I hit my calories for the day." It made every meal feel like it was a mathematical equation. I would have to go like, "Okay, and this is like before AI really." So, I'd be like, "Okay, so what can I eat and how many how many grams of protein does it have?" And then because oftentimes like when you're eating out in the wild or you're making something at home from scratch, it was difficult and cumbersome and a pain in the butt to have to calculate all of your macros, especially if you were eating out, which made me then afraid of food because I don't know. I I can't sit down at a restaurant and just eat that because I don't I don't know how to calculate my macros. I could be way over. I'm going to be way over or way under. I don't know. And so therefore, I I dreaded going out to meals. I didn't like how cumbersome it was to always constantly be taking pictures of QR codes and adding up the calories and looking on the backs of packages and spending all this time on my freaking phone to mathematically figure out if I had more carbohydrates I need to eat or fewer carbs or more fat, less protein. Like it just drove me nuts. And because of that, I stopped eating like real food because I was like, "Okay, it's just easier to have a shake because I know exactly to the number how many grams is in this. I'm I'm not going to eat I'll eat this protein bar. I'll eat this bag of protein chips because I know exactly the the macronutrients in it." And it really did a number on me and my relationship with food. I was seriously afraid to just eat healthy, unprocessed food, even if it just grew from the ground because I didn't know. And the unknown is sometimes scary. And it was again about 2 years ago that I decided to stop doing that. And I adopted the approach of just sitting down at every meal and giving myself permission to have common sense and say, I'm just going to start with a big dose of protein. Like I don't have to freak myself out and go, "Oh no, is it 5 ounces or 4 ounces of chicken?" Who freaking cares? Like my body is going to figure this out. If I start every meal with a big healthy dose of protein, I'm probably going to be somewhere between 20 to 35 grams of protein. And if I start with that, I'm going to be satiated. I'm not going to be craving the carbohydrates. So, I would start with a big, you know, protein first. Prioritize the protein. Then, I would go to healthy carbohydrates typically in the form of fibers like um dark leafy greens. I love lentils. I love um ju just anything that's yummy and delicious and gross from the ground. I try to make that my second priority. And then after that, if I want to have carbs, I can have carbs. I I don't freak out about it. Now, that might not work for you. Maybe you need something far more structured. If you've never looked at your macronutrients, if you don't know, if you haven't become accustomed to knowing like how much protein is this, I would recommend in fact you tracking your macros for at least a couple of weeks to get a sense. Like right now, I can put a like four big scoops of protein or like cottage cheese into a bowl and I know that's a cup and I know how much protein is in a cup of cottage cheese. I know that a typical breast of chicken is somewhere between four to six ounces. Like I know what an eight ounce piece of steak looks like. So if you do this even just for a couple of weeks, you're going to be able to eyeball your protein portions. And if you start every meal with a protein portion, you're probably going to come pretty close to your macros. But again, if you've never done this, sure, track your macros for a couple of weeks so you get accustomed to it. So you understand like, wow, I'm really way off or I'm really way over. I recently learned that American women, when they're left to their own accord, consume between 40 and 69 g of protein per day, which is drastically under the requirements in order to maintain and build muscle. So left to our own accord, meaning if if you if you've never tracked, if you're not prioritizing protein, you're not alone if you have very little muscle because your body doesn't have the nutrients it needs to make muscle. The bottom line is this. When it comes to weight loss, there's weight loss and then there's a loss of body fat. You have to decide which you want. I know for me, I don't want to lose muscle. I do not want to lose the one thing that is the key to my living and aging powerfully. So I I never say I want to lose weight. If anything, I want to lose body fat. I don't want to lose muscle. If you do not want to lose muscle, it's time to do some troubleshooting and ask yourself, okay, where are things off? Am I overconuming my calories and that's why I can't lose weight? Because in order to lose weight, we've got to be in a calorie deficit. Bottom line, you have to decide for yourself. Do you want to lose weight or do you want to lose body fat? I hope your answer is body fat. I hope that you want to lose this and you want to maintain this because maintaining this is the key to aging powerfully. Losing this is what's going to put you in a smaller package. It's going to make you look better. It's going to make you feel better. This stuff is inflammatory. This stuff gives us cellulite. This stuff doesn't make us happy. This stuff it this stuff is the stuff that kills us. This is the stuff that keeps us I mean we need a little bit of both, right? But like you don't want to lose this. We could all probably afford to lose some of this. In order to do that, we need to be in a deficit. Yes, we have to be in some type of caloric deficit. In order to get into that caloric deficit, you've got to fine-tune things and make sure you're getting enough protein so you don't lose this. Otherwise, then you're just randomly losing weight, and you're too smart for that. You are too intelligent. You know, too much now to just make it your goal to lose weight. Your goal should be to lose body fat. In order to lose body fat, we've got to get into a deficit. And we want to get into the right kind of deficit where we're not so low that we don't have the reserves on board to build and grow and repair our muscle. Dr. Stephanie Esteea is a former fitness competitor. So, if any population really understands what it means to lose weight, lose body fat, and not lose muscle, it's definitely fitness competitors. So, I asked her to weigh in on this topic. I might have imagined this, but you were you've done fitness competitions, correct? I did. Yeah. You know that period of time like in the whatever 10 days before competitors hit the stage and they're super lean and striated and look freaking ripped. Uh is it typical that some especially for a woman in that stage just before she takes the stage is she typically losing muscle in order to shred that way? Uh it's usually what we're trying to do in that like this is by the way disclaimer this is very unhealthy like bodybuilding is an extreme sport. I don't recommend I do not recommend it. uh you know I will say again uh very someone who suffered with very low self-esteem is probably what attracted me to that that um stage uh initially but that being said it's a very extreme sport what you're trying to do uh in peak week and really in the dieting down phase leading up to getting on stage is preserving as much muscle tissue as you can and you're trying to get rid of water right you're trying to get rid of subcutaneous water so that the muscle shows it was all about getting rid of water which is you know you drink like gallons and gallons gallons and gallons of water and then you drink nothing. Um, so it's uh it's very extreme, not not safe. Do not recommend. Would not do it again. Finally, I just I want to make this simple for you. So here's my recommendation. I would aim if it were me, I just think that we can use our common sense. Start every meal with protein. Start by trying to get in like 25 to 35 grams of protein at every meal. Number two, know your lean body mass so that you have an adequate representation of how much protein you should be getting per day, how much protein you need per day in order to maintain your muscle and to not over consume calories so that you can actually get into a deficit because if you want to lose that body fat, we got to get you into a deficit. In order to get you into a deficit, we can do that by eating less and we can do that by moving more and we can do that by having a faster metabolism. So, the way to do all three is to make sure you're consuming protein, you're getting in your zone 2 cardio, which can be in the form of strength training, and you're building muscle with your strength training. By doing all three of those things, it makes it so much easier than just trying to restrict calories or just trying to exercise yourself to a different body. I know that there's math involved for some of you because you've never tracked this before and that might be the path that you need to take. But for those of you who have done that and you grew up in the era like I did where it's all that we focused on, I want to encourage you to improve your relationship with food and to just give yourself a break and to trust that you are smart enough. You've got so much common sense. You know how to figure this out. You know what your body needs. Let your body reset. Let your stress come down. take the pressure off. Know that you you will make the right decision. You'll feel satisfied and your body is going to begin to repair itself. You're going to begin to reduce your inflammation. Your muscles will begin to feel replenished. You're going to start going to the gym and building muscle and feeling more confident and no longer being controlled by, I don't know, silly rules about food and working out. Like, we really have to get back to common sense here. The science and all the studies that I've linked below in this video, they're awesome. But at the end of the day, I want you to trust yourself. By the way, if what I'm describing is you and you really relate to that, I did a complete episode breaking down exactly how I track my macros. um some of the protein meals that I eat. And and so if you are somebody who's trying to break up with that like obsessive compulsive way of tracking macros and just like the math of it all and you just you just need a break, but you also still need to make sure you're getting enough protein, I want you to check out the episode that I did u specifically about that. It's kind of like the lazy girl's way of making sure you're getting enough protein without driving yourself crazy. And you can click right here if you want to check out the other video I did on protein.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chalenejohnson [37 likes]: Join the all-new Phase It!! A Personalized Plan to Fit Your Life Plus Workouts!!
👉Go to https://phaseitup.com
  2. @kathymorlock8016: Global Rph creatine clearance multi-calc gives you a lean body mass and you don't need to know your serum creatinine to use it just for the lean body mass calc.  You can just let it default to 1 mg/do for that calculation.  So much easier than uploading a pic of you in your undies to chatgpt, and anyone can use it.
  3. @gabyalcazar7609: Ooooh I feel sooo enlightened !!!❤😮
  4. @Ashley-nk3we: Question : If you aim to have 25 grams of protein a meal, are you having 5 meals a day to get 125 grams of protein a day?
  5. @KellySoule-qe4oo: Is skeletal muscle mass what we should be looking at (inbody)? Mine is 60 lbs so 60 g protein seems really low??
  6. @loriwiggs8599: U inspire me so much!
  7. @Samantha1970: Do you still use my fitness pal? It’s gotten so expensive- like everything else that started free! I feel less happy about tracking/ also, I love having my coffee and toast 🥖 in the morning and I hate that it’s carbs and I should be eating protein// : ( I just love my Italian coffee!!! ☕️
  8. @WendyBunnyHopper2: 😂 thank goodness I’m subscribed
  9. @angelapaules-f1f: Thank yot, I was eatig too much! Lean body mass, not weight .thank you, thank you
  10. @AnaRangel-ns8id: ❤
  11. @eileengesser4683: What if you only eat two meals a day? I'm just not hungry in the early morning. Should you increase your protein per meal? I'm level 66
  12. @susanwagner403: You’ve gone through some pretty obsessive phases. There’s more to life. Looking outward and upward can help with balance😉
  13. @ElisaChase-Hill: The crazy part is since I started with my Zepbound, all I crave is protein...mostly meats...lol😂 Don't crave sweets, but do want dark chocolate every once in awhile. 😉☺️
  14. @robearorgill2944: This is not brain surgery? Never go under 100 grams of protein. More than that is awesome!
  15. @pandoraapuzzo6625: Interesting. That's me, never loved protein and would overeat nuts, dried fruit, tortilla chips, crackers, etc
  16. @MandyMaple04: Chalene I love your energy. I want to be friends!, 🎉😂❤
  17. @lizzieBabes: You are so funny and it is a WONDER to run back into your programmes as we age. I stopped all self care for 10 years, after being a fan af your peogrammmes (and ither hit programmes) for decades. I am currently 47, coming back to fitness, with a totally different approach. Let's see how this goes. A new suscriber here, and forever fan, living in Belgium
  18. @VickiAdams-l5x: I’ll be 69 in August. Maintaining muscle strength is crucial as we age. Thanks for the encouragement to work out with weights and eat more protein. I’m Ditching the shakes and bars. I have a home gym and I’m determined to use it more each day.
  19. @Yogawithmyniece: Hi I thought fiber first?
  20. @Yogawithmyniece: How do you feel about eggs, Greek yogurt and fish ?

- How Much Protein Do Women Over 40 Actually Need to Build Muscle?: Kind: captions Language: en Let's imagine you start hitting your protein and you start to see changes within the body, how it looks, how it feels. If we're not having enough protein, especially when we're strength training, your body is going to struggle to be able to do that repair and growth process. We need to make sure that we understand the reason why we're doing it and why I recommend you all do it. It's not about being that gym junkie. It's about improving your life dramatically. Hello and welcome to Reclaim Your Strength. If you are new here, my name is Danielle. I am a personal trainer and online fitness coach, and I help women over the ages of 35 to regain their strength or start fitness for the very first time. Welcome, welcome. We've got a really good topic today. So, I'm really excited to get stuck into this one and hopefully we can give you some really good information. But before we get started, what I want to do is ask you a really important question. And I want you to think about this one. How much protein did you have yesterday? Do you know the quantity? Not a rough guess. Actually think about it. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks. Do you know exactly how much you had? For most women, the answer to this question is probably not enough. So, here's the thing. Most women out there, unfortunately, don't know what enough looks like. Because especially when we were younger, 20s, 30s, it wasn't really a topic that was focused on. It wasn't something that was really important. The only people that talked about protein was the people in the gym, the bodybuilders who were trying to get the big muscle and everything. And that was a hot topic for them. And it wasn't really a topic for us. At the moment though, currently that topic is been going gang busters. protein is everywhere. How much you should do this, you should do that. Uh don't believe the hype and all of that stuff that's out there. And it's really important that we sort of sort of bring this back in and start to actually give you some information that's quite helpful, especially during pmenopause and menopause. Cuz most of the time our focus really is on just cutting calories and not eating uh too much. Actually eating less so we can lose weight. And this is where it becomes a little bit tricky because that information is actually not helpful at all and it's not really going to help us too much when we're trying to lose weight and get stronger especially in this season of our lives. So here's the hard truth and this is something that we really need to sit with and that is protein actually is really important after the age of 40 and if we can get on top of that beforehand as well too. Um, if you are listening and you are younger, you could be in your 20ies and even listening like just this information can be so important and valuable for you in the future, but it should be important all the way around. But as you when we turn 40, it's really really important that we actually focus on how much protein we're supposed to be having from day to day. Now, we do have a lot of stats that say that women are chronically undereating protein probably. Yes. But also, we're not actually eating the right volumes of food. We're probably eating too much and and underestimating what we eat. Especially when I ask women about their food, the first thing they'll say, "Yeah, I'm I'm fine. I'm eating um really really well. I'm doing really well." But what is really well? What does that actually look like? Have we actually sat down and looked at the volume of food that we're eating and also the proportion of each macro? And when I say macro or macronutrients, I mean protein, carbohydrates, and fats. I'll be really looking at those three. Um, I would actually probably add fiber in there as well, too. I really think that that's important. But are we really looking at those and knowing exactly what we are consuming and which ones we're making a priority? Especially when we're training. Okay. We also need to make sure when we're not training and we're not doing any exercise that we're also focusing in on what's substantial enough for not exercising to exercising. So obviously today's hot topic is going to be protein. How much do we actually need? why that number is a lot higher than you think it is and what happens when you actually start hitting that number consistently. So hopefully we're going to make you think very differently when it comes to preparing your food and what that looks like moving forward for you. So let's look at the first thing, the path that we're on at the moment. Why our body seems to be working against us at this point. We need to look at muscle loss. The facts are really important around this one because the protein is going to help us in this case as well too. So bear with me because once we understand what's happening inside our body, we will start to think about protein as being a very important part of that, not a chore, but a an area of where it's going to be more helpful than we we anticipated. So we do start losing muscle. And I want to be very aware of this. hear all the time on social media and and the like about we get to a certain age, we start losing muscle. And look, to a certain degree, that is actually true. Now, it's because we are not actually actively in the gym trying to retain that muscle and to keep that muscle. We stop exercising or we haven't been exercising at all. We think we can get through life and when we get to this age and then all of a sudden all of these symptoms and everything of permenopause hit us like a ton of bricks and we start to look like we gaining weight. Uh we start to look like we're getting weaker and we start to feel our energy drop, stress levels heightened and the like. Okay. But we've got to realize that it's really not overall parmenopaus's fault. Okay, it's not us aging that is the big problem. The big problem is that we haven't set ourselves up for success in this era of our life and we have just walked through life and just you know tried to breeze through it all or we have been focusing on everybody else's life and not our own and our own health, everybody else's schedule and activities and everybody else is more important. And we have become that person that has to run the household and take a big step back and not even focus on our own health, which is so wrong. And I know it's hard to digest, but unfortunately, especially when I start to see women, they're coming in after all of this has happened and then they want to reverse it all and try and reverse it all. And it is actually quite tricky because everything is slowing down because your estrogen and progesterone levels are fluctuating constantly and we have to try and tackle where we are now in life to try and reverse all of the stuff or try and build up that strength that we don't have or to reduce that that body fat that's um accumulated around different areas of our body. Now, we haven't gained weight. It's just moved. Or we've gained weight because our diet is not been looked at or focused on. Our exercise has not been a priority. Everybody else and everything else has been a priority. And unfortunately, this is the byproduct of what happens. So, if we're not exercising and taking care of ourselves and actually focusing on muscle strength and muscle build, what we're doing is we're actually losing 3 to 8% of mus lean muscle mass as we get older. And when we hit 60, it actually starts to increase. So, we need to now step up and do something about it. The hardest number is that a lot of women who have reached the age of 60 have probably lost around 16% of their lean muscle mass already. And as I said, that rate picks up. Now, I want to really reiterate this. This is not about how you look. This is really important. We do not go into the gym and do strength training and build lean muscle mass because we want to look good. You can. I'm not saying you can't. Absolutely you can. So, please, if you wish, do so. But it's not about that. And we've got to get that out of our heads. Going to the gym or even if you're doing it at home, you can do it at home, definitely. But doing strength training and resistance training is not about the looks. We need to make sure that we understand the reason why we're doing it and why I recommend you all do it. It's not about being that gym junkie. It's about improving your life dramatically. When you have less muscle mass, your metabolism tends to downregulate. Okay? So, your body now is not working within a lot of energy. The more muscle you have, the more energy that your body has and also the more calories that you burn or energy that you burn, right? So, your body starts working really, really, really well with that lean muscle mass. But without it, the energy levels and that started to decline and your metabolism has to adjust to that in order to keep you alive and do all the things that it needs to do um without that extra energy. It it so it what we call down your regulates and starts to adjust to keep you surviving. So your metabolism age and that does not cause your metabolism to slow down or anything like that. It's inactivity and it is inattention to diet and focusing in on your actual overall health over the years. It just comes to a head around now because everything starts to slow down and starts to change because of those hormone changes. So you have less strength from day to day. So it's so much more of a struggle to do things. You have a higher risk of injury. You have joint issues. we can include falls in on that one unfortunately and chronic disease now is can occur down the track. So we have to be really cautious of how we're treating our body and what we're doing to help us live a long and actual strong life. So as I said that decline of progesterone and estrogen or that fluctuation sometimes cuz it can fluctuate during the day um without us even realizing it. It does what it wants pretty much around this time, but usually it declines to a degree. It can actively accelerate that muscle breakdown. So, this is where what you eat becomes very, very important. So, here's the good news. We have a solution to this, okay? It's not something that just happens to you. This is something that you have the power to actually reverse or to improve upon. And the key elements of that is strength training and increasing your protein. Okay, so let's look at protein. This is where most women go wrong unfortunately. And also I was the same as well too until I actually learned a lot of this actually through doing bodybuilding programming and all of that. So I actually was in the thick of actually the training and the eating. And so I've been through all of this before. I was um in my late 30s and I chose to actually do to try and play around with some bodybuilding style training to see what kind of results that I could possibly get from this particular restriction. And I focused on the six days a week training. I focused on the uh weighing my food, calculating my calories and making sure that I consumed the right quantities and values of each of those macronutrients. And the other thing I didn't do as well too was um I reduced and didn't drink alcohol for actually quite some time as well too. So that was really important to me at the time. But it made a huge difference and the results that I got and was astonishing. I was actually really proud of the results I got. Look, the bodybuilding style programming and training is not ideal, especially at my age now. This is why I don't do it anymore. I did have a few things that um you know made me turn into a different direction and I knew that I couldn't sustain it. It's just was not sustainable. But what I learned from calculating my food and weighing my food and knowing exactly what I needed to eat was the game changer of all of this. Now it also took me a couple of years. So remember that it and I was 35 or 36 around that age. So, it was really important that I got the food right. And without that protein and that carbohydrates and and focusing in on all of the quantities and the quality of food I was taking in, I was not going to get any results. No, nowhere near what I needed. And I learned so so much from that particular education in my time. So, food makes such a difference. So the standard recommendation of your daily protein intake is8 g per kilogram of body weight. So you take your body weight and you times that.8. Now that's the standard recommendation. However, the problem is that this number is only the minimum and this is generally for people who are not doing strength training or really focusing in on their actual training and exercise. So, it's a baseline that is to prevent deficiency. But unfortunately with all of what we need, it's not going to help us thrive, build muscle, and support our hormones at this point in time. So for women over 40, especially if you're strength training, research put this in the optimal of 1.2 to 1.6 g per kilogram of weight. So again, taking your body weight in the kilograms and tsing it by 1.2 to 1.6. Some do suggest going a little higher, but I feel like that if you're starting for the very first time and you're only at the beginning of your strength training, which is mostly what we talk about here is people starting or wanting to get extra information um while they're going on their their fitness journey. I feel like we just need to start at the minimum here and that's that 1.2 to 1.6. Uh yes, a lot of us can be around the 2.2 or two or 2.2, but I feel like that that can be too overwhelming at this point. And if we do want optimal, we can still sit at that 1.2 1.6. Um so that's where I would probably look at starting. But also I'll have some tips on other ways of starting as well too if that is too much also. So, for example, if you weigh 70 kilos, we're talking about somewhere between 84 and 112 g of protein per day. Some women might need more or so. So, it it definitely all depends. Um, but at this point, that would be around what we would suggest. Now, we asked you a question right at the very beginning of this podcast. Do you remember what you ate yesterday in the way of protein? Do you think you would have hit that number? It's possible that you haven't. The ladies that I train, um, they all have in the app that we use to guide them, they actually have a breakdown of what their macros should be, so their protein, fats, and carbohydrates. And that's where they can record all of their meals and everything uh like that in there. So they can definitely keep track and start to see what from day to day where their balance is and where they're sort of falling short and sort of can help themselves pick themselves back up or you know adjust things slightly. So definitely tracking is such a benefit and it actually is a huge eye opener and a very big learning curve. Now just a caveat there that um tracking you can do it all the time if you want to. Doesn't mean you're going to get obsessed with it. Some people might do, but if you know that you are an obsessive person, then I would just use it as a guide and start and then just teeter off and not use it after a while because you should be educated enough to know exactly what you're putting on your plate. or if you feel like that is the best way for you to get through and to help you especially if you are training for any particular reason with some goals and you have particular goals uh especially uh losing fat really helpful to keep tracking in mind but definitely you do not have to track forever. So big caveat to that you do not have to track forever. It's just a tool and it's a very good educational tool that is going to benefit you so greatly and never should you be afraid of it because once you get into it and learn how to do it, it actually can be a little bit easier than you think. So, with this one, I just want to give you a little bit of a uh tip as well, too. So, we looked at how much um protein you need to uh consume, and look, that number may have seemed high to you, but remember, it's slow. It's something that you build over time and it's something that you're creating forever. We've got to stop thinking that this there's an end to this. There's an endgame to this. We are changing habits forever. So, we are starting to change and begin these great habits. And so, it does start with really small steps. And I'm just to put it out there, studies do show that you cannot gain a habit within 28 days. A majority of us cannot do that within 21 to 28 days. That is apparently not quite true. It can take anywhere up to 400 days to create a habit, but somewhere in between. You could be somewhere in between depending on the person. So just be on just be um so just be gentle with yourself because this is not an easy thing to do. This is a a big habit to start to change and to work on. So what I suggest to most people when they're first starting is to just look at each plate and if you can try and get around 30 g as a minimum on each plate and if you get more that's a bonus that's great. But looking at your hero food being your protein and definitely have the carbs. Do not be afraid of carbs because carbs is really important, especially if you're strength training. Never fear carbs. Carbs is so important and we actually need more of them than you think we do. So, we should be talking about carbs another time, but don't be afraid of your carbs, too, because they're really important. Um, but your hero definitely at this point should be the protein, especially if you're training. Um and even if you're not training as well too because we want to create a nice balance there as well. So um I would suggest a minimum of 30 grams per plate or per meal. Now I can also suggest that um there is nothing wrong with having protein powder. Um it is a fantastic way to add an additional 25 to 26 25 26 g depending on the product that you buy extra within your day. And that is a great little booster. And um with the flavors and everything that's out there at the moment, they are actually quite easy and accessible to have in your pantry as well too and have a quick on the- go as well too. So I do suggest protein powder if you feel like you're struggling a little bit with your meals as well too. It's such a beneficial um addition to your day. Um so don't be afraid of that either. But if there was one supplement out there that I do recommend and has a lot of research around it, it's your protein powders. You just choose the one that's right for you. So, what does protein actually do for us now that we know how much to eat and what we're eating? But, but why? So, I just want to spend a minute on this one because a lot of us hear protein and again we think muscle. All right? And there's so much more that protein actually does for us within our body and we don't even realize it. Muscle is only just one tiny part of what our body does with protein. Protein can help you stay fuller for longer. So then we are satiated and we're not looking for that next food fix. So it increases the hormones that tell your brain that you've had enough. It reduces grein. Now I always have trouble pronouncing that. So g h r e l i n. gremlin um which is the hunger hormone which one that tells you you're hungry. So remember last week the episode about sleep where we talked about those hormones the hunger hormones and the hormone that tells you you're full can get disrupted when we sleep. Adequate protein can help with this stabilization of these hormones. Protein stabilizes blood sugar and this is huge for women in permenopause and menopause. Steady blood sugar means fewer energy crashes. It also means fewer mood swings, fewer cravings, and better sleep. Hopefully, it all connects together. So, you can see all of this is starting to actually the puzzle pieces are starting to come together. The other thing it does is support your bones as well too, which is really important with osteoporosis and osteopenia. So osteopenia is the before effects um where before you have osteoporosis, fullbone osteoporosis. So that's where we can they um they can actually see that you're starting to get into osteoporosis. So we kind of want to stay away from both of those and protein can definitely help you with that. So most people think that calcium is the one that actually helps with the bones and we have been told that by um a lot of the marketing and everything that's out there. It is very true. Yes, it does help, but protein plays a big role in that bone density, too. So, muscle is a metabolically active tissue within the body. The more you have, the more energy your body burns at rest. So, as we mentioned before with the metabolism, the more protein that you have, the more it helps you build that muscle, which keeps your metabolism firing and nicely regulated. Other things obviously are more are important when it comes to that as well. So muscle is really important when you're training is because it helps with the repair process after. So we're not consuming all this protein. So we can get big big muscles. Look, it helps with the muscles. Absolutely. And it's a huge part of the muscle growth, but it happens when the repair process is um occurring, especially when we're we've talked about when we're sleeping and doing all that recovery time as well too. the muscle is going through repair and growth and that's where the protein comes into play. So if we're not having enough protein, especially when we're strength training, your body is going to struggle to be able to do that repair and growth process. So we can start to see that protein is not really a supplement and we don't want to think it that way because unfortunately it's got this bit of stigma against it. It's our foundation in a way. Okay. Timing. Is there a special time to have protein? Look, what women am I saying, it's not about hitting your numbers, which is important, but you need to be looking about spreading it out through the day and making sure your protein is spread out during the day and you're not trying to play catchup at the end of the day. We need to make sure that we are actually giving ourselves ample amounts throughout the day, which is really important because your body can only use a certain amount of protein at a time. So, as we mentioned before, I said about a minimum of 30, but let's say 30 to 40 g per meal is a really adequate amount to have spaced out through the day. So, if you're eating 80 g of protein at dinner time and not having very much rest, it's not going to give you the same results. Spreading it out is going to be so much better for those results. So, as we said, make a solid choice of what you have throughout the each meal. Now, where the downfall is is breakfast. Unfortunately, a piece of toast and a bowl of cereal is not quite adequate enough when it comes to starting your day. We really have to take the starting of the day and like the breakfast time a little bit more seriously. And I know that that can be very tricky for a lot of us. So, we're talking eggs, we're talking Greek yogurt, cottage cheese, smoked salmon is good. Something that's actually going to help you kickstart the day and has an adequate amount of protein. And a protein shake could be included in there if you if you need it and if that's something that's pretty tricky for you. Look, it's fine there. You know, it should be definitely fine to start your day off that that way if you need to. But also what helps is if you're exercising at least within a couple of hours after your workout, especially if you're strength training, more so for strength training, but having some protein um about a couple of hours after your training will also help. It'll kickstart that muscle repair process. Now, this is where I think something substantial should be included. Okay, so what's the payoff? So, what changes when we start to get this going and start to actually get this right? So, here's what I want you to imagine. You've been training consistently. You're showing up. Something's missing. You're not seeing the changes you expected. Your energy is just all over the place. And you've been working harder and you're just not seeing any change. Now, let's imagine you start hitting your protein. You're kind of getting those numbers. You're seeing those numbers tick over. Whether you're using My Fitness Power, you have a coach that's helping you with tracking those numbers as well, too, or or something like that, or having a little bit of a spreadsheet if you like, you know, however you like to do things, of course. and you're getting those numbers. Not perfect. Remember this. Nothing is perfect, okay? We're just doing the best we can, but we're consistent. So, some people within a few weeks will actually notice a difference. They'll feel less hungry because they feel more fuller for longer. Their energy starts to pick up and they feel like they've got more stamina. You're sleeping a bit better. if not a lot better. And you start to see changes within the body, how it looks, how it feels. Now, maybe nothing else has changed. You're still doing your training and all of that, but it's just that slight change that you've created within your nutrition. It is giving yourself this extra boost in one area and that's your protein and making sure that your meals are adequate for that training or adequate for the non-training that you might be doing at the moment. Your body finally has what it needs to progress. So protein is only one of those things that can actually make that great improvement within the body when it's training and also when it's not training as well too. Um I do uh emphasize the fact that I think everybody in some way shape or form should be doing exercise and training especially for strength and longevity and your overall general health and improvements of your health. Um, but you also need to make sure that your food intake matches what you're doing as well, too. But protein is definitely up there for um helping with those improvements. We don't detox. Your body does that for you. So, stop even thinking about looking at detoxes and rubbish like that. This is hard talk right now, right? You shouldn't even be wondering if any detox teas or anything like that is going to be helpful. Stay away from that rubbish. All right? Your body is your detoxer. You don't need to cut carbs. And as I said, we need to look at that as well, too, and actually get you loving your carbs and not being scared of your carbs. We're eating enough protein consistently spread across the day at every meal. Can we do this? Can we start with just 30 minimum 30 g per meal? If you are interested and you do want a starting point for this um and you feel like you need to actually take some action in regards to your protein, then I have a great cheat sheet for you. I have put together the protein power guide. It's a resource that gives you all the information you need in regards to protein. It also gives you a list of protein options that could be helpful to when you're trying to make choices for meals. It walks through how much you need and to help build it into your day. If you are interested in this free protein power guide, I will have it available to you within the show notes. If you have any questions too, just reach out. My social media is down the bottom as well too, so you can reach and my email so you can reach out to me. And also don't forget to if you have any questions or anything, add them in the comments below. And if you think that this episode is going to help someone else, please do make sure you share it because you never know. This is something they may exactly need to hear right now. Next week's episode, we are going to head into hormones. So, we're going to look at why your body feels the way it does, what's actually happening, and what to do about it. And it is going to be a nice big one. So, I hope to see you there. So, until next time, don't forget to reclaim your strength.

- Protein for Women Over 40: How to Find the Right Balance in Midlife: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a woman in midlife, you've probably heard this advice lately. Eat more protein. But how much do you actually need? And is it possible to eat too much? Because in midlife, protein matters, but balance matters even more. Today, we're talking about how to get the protein that your body needs without throwing the rest of your nutrition out of balance. Welcome to the Bloom and Beyond podcast. Before I begin, I want to let you know that the information shared in this episode is for educational andformational purposes only, and it's not attended intended as medical advice. It's not a substitute for professional medical diagnosis, treatment, or guidance. As always, consult with your physician or qualified health care provider before you make any changes to your diet, exercise, or health routine, especially if you have a medical condition or are taking medication. I have wellness and nutrition certifications and my goal is to empower you with information that you can discuss with your healthcare provider. So protein becomes incredibly important as we move through our 40s, 50s, and beyond. But what we don't talk about enough is more protein isn't always better. And protein alone isn't the full picture. >> [snorts] >> Today we're talking about how to balance protein in midlife, why your body needs more of it, how much is actually helpful, and how to make sure that you're not crowding out the other nutrients that your body depends on for energy, hormones, digestion, and overall health. Let's talk about protein the balanced way. So, why does protein matter more in midlife? As we age, our bodies naturally begin to lose muscle. This process is called sarcopenia and it starts as early as our 30s, but it accelerates after menopause. Estrogen plays a role in maintaining muscle mass. And when estrogen declines, muscle becomes easier to lose and harder to rebuild. Now, why does this matter? Because muscle is your metabolism. Muscle supports blood sugar balance. Muscle protects your bones and joints. Muscle helps you stay strong, independent, and energized. Protein is what your body uses to maintain and rebuild that muscle. But protein isn't just about muscle. In midlife, protein also helps stabilize blood sugar, reduce cravings, support hormone production, maintain healthy hair, skin, and nails. keep you fuller longer and support immune function. If you've ever felt like your energy crashes easily or you're hungry again an hour after eating, low protein might be part of the reason. Now, how much protein do women in midlife need? Most women in midlife need more than the minimum daily requirement. A helpful general range is 20 to 30 gram of protein per meal. That's roughly 80 to 100 gram per day for many women. That depends on body size and activity level, too. The key isn't eating a huge amount at dinner. The goal is spreading protein throughout the day. So for example, breakfast 20 to 25 gram, lunch 25 to 30 gram, dinner 25 to 30 gram, and an optional snack 10 to 20 gram. This helps your body use protein efficiently for muscle repair and blood sugar stability. The midlife mistake is going all in on protein. And this is where balance comes in. Because once women here eat more protein, many go all in. Protein shakes for breakfast, chicken and eggs all day, low carb, everything. Cutting out grains, fruit, and even healthy carbohydrates in the process. And this is where the problems can start because your body doesn't run on protein alone. When protein crowds out other nutrients, you may experience low energy, constipation, hormone imbalances, poor digestion, increased stress hormones, thyroid slowdown, and blood sugar swings. Your body in midlife needs balance, not extremes. Carbohydrates still matter. Carbohydrates have gotten a bad reputation. But for women in midlife, they're actually really important. Healthy carbohydrates support thyroid function, hormone balance, cortisol regulation, brain function and mood, sleep quality, and gut health. When carbs are too low, the body perceives stress and cortisol can rise, which may lead to belly fat, fatigue, and poor sleep. The key is choosing quality carbohydrates such as vegetables, fruit, beans and lentils, oats, quinoa, brown rice, and sweet potatoes. Protein works best with healthy carbohydrates, not instead of them. Now, we don't want to forget about fiber either. Another risk of high protein, low carb eating is low fiber. Fiber is critical for your gut health, estrogen metabolism, cholesterol balance, blood sugar control, and feeling full and satisfied. So, women in midlife should aim for about 25 to 30 grams of fiber per day. And most fiber comes from plant foods, vegetables, fruit, whole grains, beans, nuts, seeds. If your diet's mostly protein and very little plant food, then your gut and your hormones may struggle. Healthy fats also play a role, too. Protein often gets the spotlight, but healthy fats are just as important. Healthy fats support hormone production, brain health, joint health, skin, and hair, and absorption of vitamins A, D, E, and K. include sources like avocado, olive oil, nuts and seeds, and fatty fish like salmon. Again, balance is crucial. Now, let's talk about what balanced protein looks like in real life. So, instead of building your meal around protein, think protein plus fiber plus healthy carbs plus healthy fat. So, for example, breakfast, Greek yogurt, berries, chia seeds, and a handful of granola. Watch the sugar, though. Lunch: salmon salad with mixed greens, quinoa, olive oil, and vegetables. Dinner, chicken, roasted sweet potatoes, and a big portion of roasted or steamed vegetables. And if you desire a snack, apple with peanut butter or a protein smoothie with spinach and fruit. This kind of balance will support muscle, energy, digestion, hormones, and long-term health. These are signs that your protein intake may be too low. You feel hungry shortly after meals. You're losing strength. You have low energy. You crave sugar or carbs constantly. Your hair is thinning or your nails are brittle. In signs your diet may be too protein heavy or constipation, low energy or fatigue, poor sleep, feeling wired or stressed, little fruit, grains or plant foods in your diet. So, we need a midlife nutrition mindset. If there's one thing that I want you to take away from today, it's this. Midlife nutrition isn't about extremes. It's about balance and consistency. You do not need a high protein diet. You need a balanced diet with adequate protein. The goal isn't to chase numbers or follow the latest trend. The goal is to support your body so you feel strong, steady, energized, clearheaded, and wellnourished. So, here are some simple protein tips for midlife. First, add protein to your breakfast. Don't wait until dinner. Two, aim for 20 to 30 grams per meal. Three, include plant foods at every meal. Four, do not eliminate healthy carbohydrates. Five, pair protein with fiber and healthy fats. And six, focus on real food first, supplement second. So in closing, your body in midlife is changing. And when you give it the right balance of protein, fiber, healthy fats, and whole food carbohydrates, it responds. You'll have more energy, better blood sugar, stronger muscles, and better mood and focus. Not because you restricted more, but because you nourished more. So at Bloom and Beyond, this is our focus. supporting your body with what it truly needs so you can feel strong, confident, and well in this stage of life. If this episode was helpful, please be sure to follow the podcast and share it with a friend who's trying to figure out what health what healthy really looks like in midlife. And please like this episode and start following us to learn more about living healthy in midlife. And remember, you don't need perfection, you just need balance. I'll see you next time on Bloom and Beyond.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoylalPandit: I.am.form.india.iam.single.your.whataspp.number❤❤❤❤❤
  2. @SahadatManik-z4d: Hi Bangladesh ❤😂❤❤❤❤
  3. @한수정-h8w5m: :face-red-heart-shape:
  4. @ramsinghbisht4590: Waw so cute bebi 👪👪👸👑👑👑
  5. @Thezechuman: The muscle repair is a great idea. Break down during a normal routine but then remember to repair what you have broken down is a great path to better health.
  6. @HdhthehbrndHdbtndh: Stnla

- TOP 1% WOMAN ROUTINE: How I Stay Productive, Healthy & Balanced: Kind: captions Language: en you have all the potential to create the life you want but without the right habits it's virtually impossible between work trying to stay healthy keeping up with friends and actually making time for yourself it's easy to feel like you're getting through the day instead of thriving but becoming that woman the best version of yourself the one who feels put together energized and in control doesn't happen by accident it's about small daily habits that make a huge difference and to today I'm sharing mine with the science tobac hello if you are new here then my name is Fay I'm a medical doctor living and working in London and if there's anyone who struggled to get it together it's me no one warns you that adulthood is basically 80% work and if you're not careful life just starts happening to you you blink and suddenly your day off those precious moments that are actually yours are gone before you've even had a chance to breathe for so long I felt like becoming the best version of myself was too confusing and just wasn't on the cards for me until I figured this out my day off routine that keeps me productive balanced and actually feeling like her so if that sounds like a bit of you then hit subscribe so you never miss a video and let's get into it part [Music] one what if I told you you didn't have to spend your precious free time scrambling catch up on everything emails appointments and endless to-do lists only to end the day feeling like you hadn't accomplished anything to go towards your long-term vision of what you want your life to look like that lingering overwhelm is a common trap and without structure time really does fly by this was me until I ensured the first part of my routine after fueling my body with good nutritious food is to prioritize and plan and do not be mistaken this is not just your run-of-the mail daily to-do list this is a simple yet transformative habit that clears the mental clutter and gives me control over my day first I begin with the brain dump I journal every thought task and worry that's cluttering my mind research in cognitive psychology shows that this kind of externalization reduces mental load and decision fatigue allowing your brain to relax and focus better later on it's like clearing up the Clutter on your laptop to free up storage once I've emptied my mind onto paper I organize everything using the Eisenhower Matrix a method that divides tasks into four quadrants what's urgent and important important but not urgent urgent but not important and not important and not urgent I determine what is important based on my goals at the time so in medical school this was doing well enough in my exams so that I could get a job as a doctor in London foras now I have reached that goal obviously what's most important to me has shifted this structured approach doesn't just create order out of chaos Studies have shown that using planning tools like this can reduce decision fatigue by up to 30% which means you save mental energy for what truly matters and the payoff is fabulous with a clear plan in place my day feels intentional and we're ready for part two of my routine when I started working as a doctor I used to think I did not have time to exercise and it took me way too long to realize I do not have time to not exercise research shows that exercise significantly boosts cognitive function AKA your brain power by increasing the release of brain derived neurotrophic factor bdnf and if bdnf is new to you then it is a protein that supports the growth and survival of neurons AKA brain cells which means better memory sharper focus and improved mood other Studies have confirmed that increased bdnf is associated with improved executive functioning planning and decision making which are critical when you're balancing a busy schedule in other words a simple run in the morning doesn't just wake you up it primes your brain for Success throughout the day and ultimately your life so far my routine hasn't really screamed day off which is why part three is so important when Monday through to Friday hits me hard I barely have the energy to think about my appearance I dedicate a portion of my day off to a streamlined pamper and prep routine I start by dry brushing my skin from the toes upwards for increased blood flow and to promote lymphatic drainage then I wash my hair starting off with a anti- dandruff shampoo because research suggests it can promote hair growth even if you don't have dandr I've been on a very long journey with my hair health so if you would like me to break down all the evidence-based steps I've taken to grow it then please let me know in the comments I then wrap my hair in a t-shirt rather than a towel to reduce breakage and I use my salicylic acid toner this version is super drug and is a dupe for the much more expensive Paul's Choice version I use this Max three times a week to reduce the appearance of blackheads then it's time to moisturize with this hyaluronic acid moisturizer again from Super drug this range has so many affordable evidence-based products that I would highly recommend I have a detailed video on my science backed doctor approved feminine hygiene routine linked here but if you want me to do a video specifically on any research backed glow up tips and tricks then also please let me know in the comments on my days off I also like to do a proper blow dry using my Dyson air wrap that I can usually make last a few days and you'll never believe what happened when I intentionally decided to switch from watching Love Island while I did this to taking it as an opportunity to learn which NE brings us on to part four Studies have shown that engaging in continuous learning can boost cognitive flexibility and promote neuroplasticity essentially rewiring your brain to become more resilient and Innovative but it also helps me break the cycle of passive consumption and build a healthier more proactive mindset right now I'm taking the skillshare class creative confidence overcoming the critical voice and it's not only being transformative but the perfect accompaniment to my day off pamp in skillshare is my secret weapon when it comes to leveling up in any area if you've never heard of skillshare then skillshare is the largest online learning community for creatives with thousands of creative classes in countless categories ranging from beginner to Advanced but the best bit they're from experts in their fields in this class you learn tools to silence your inner critic so you have more power over your mind and thoughts giving you the freedom to be more creative challenge ideas and do what you really want to do it's like giving your mind a power up and it really does make a difference in how you approach challenges throughout the day and ultimately through your life and if you would like to access thousands of these classes completely for free then because skillshare are kindly sponsoring this video the first 500 people to use the link in my description will get a one month free trial of skillshare trust me this is one of the switches in my life that has made the biggest difference so by clicking the link your future self will find thank you now part five here's why chooseing matcha over coffee especially on your day off maybe the smartest move you make now don't get me wrong I adore a good cup of coffee but on my day off I always reach for a matcher instead here's why matcha isn't just about a caffeine boost it comes loaded with alanine an amino acid that works hand inhand with caffeine to promote a state of calm focused alertness Studies have shown that alanine can reduce the Jitters and sudden energy crashes associated with coffee helping you maintain a steady concentration without sacrificing that relaxed day off Vibe my favorite match up at the moment is this brand um that I will link Down Below in this cinnamon flavor Dylan bought me a couple of different flavors to try out the vanilla is also really really really good and I would highly recommend after my mindful matcher moment I headed off for a ridiculously exciting meeting which honestly gives me so much anxiety every single year so on the way I took the opportunity to do probably the most important part of my day off routine part six my midday reset this is how I finally cracked the code for defeating a midday energy dip the moment I feel my attention waning or if I start to feel anxious or stressed about a particular moment I don't just push through ey pause research shows that even brief sessions of mindfulness can significantly improve attention reduce mind wandering and lower stress levels in fact even short bouts of meditation are effective at reducing cortisol the stress hormone that can impair cognitive function and can enhance activation in the prefrontal cortex which is essential for maintaining focus and executive control just 5 minutes of meditation means my heart rate was lowered and I could focus infinitely better in my lunchtime meeting and really takeing all the exciting opportunities that were being discussed so I just had my annual Vision planning session last year when we had this exact same session was when um it was suggested to me that maybe I should change my name on social media to Dr F instead of just F and I basically had this visceral reaction of repulsion at the thought of adding Dr RS my name quite honestly it made me feel violently ill the first things that came into my head were everyone at work is going to think who the hell does she think she is she's only an F1 she's just a silly little girl posting silly little videos on the internet who of course she needs the entire world to know that she's a doctor and it actually took quite a few months of reflection to think about really why I had that visceral repulsion around using a title I spent 5 years to earn and have been a working doctor for the past two years and till that point I kind of thought I had mastered imposter syndrome I felt as though I'd recognized the importance of impostor syndrome existing as a tool of self-reflection um but not letting it limit me and then when I really thought about why I really did not want to put doctor in my name the C of it was imposter syndrome I felt like I don't deserve it so anyway today in this meeting I had some of the same visceral repulsion and these reactions were to the most crazy opportunities I've heard in my entire life there was so many points in this meeting today where I honestly just felt like I wanted to burst into tears I was like how the hell how is this my life I might have to bleep these out but wanting me to host but I'm so grateful that this time around when I felt that visceral repulsion to all these really really really good cool things I didn't feel like I deserved I was able to recognize F that is not the voice in your head that you want to be listening to the voice in your head that you want to be listening to is okay why do we feel like we don't don't deserve these opportunities is it because we have skills that we want to develop that we want to work on that we can do or is it because we just don't think that we're worthy of that and if it's the latter then let's just put that in the bin right now because that is not the attitude that we're bringing into 2025 the attitude we're bringing into 2025 is either we deserve it and Brilliant or we can work for it and we can build up the skills that mean that we deserve it but there was so many points today where I was just like this life is not meant for me how on Earth am I in this situation and what if I take these opportunities and I make an absolute out of myself because I'm not worthy of them I'm not going to keep this in the Vlog but I just want to talk about it for my own memories um but today with so many excit here opportunities underway then I had even more motivation to get my filming done that afternoon because there is nothing worse than having content film when I get back from a busy draining shift after a final push to finish my biggest tasks it's time for part seven when I shut down I learned the hard way that evenings off don't need to be filled with anxiety and low self-esteem thinking about what I should have got done since I tackled my most important tasks earlier on in the day using the Eisenhower Matrix I can actually flip a switch later on in the evening and allow my brain time to decompress after a busy day research suggests that establishing firm work boundaries and disengaging from work related thoughts in the evening can significantly reduce stress and rumination this can regulate cortisol levels and promote better sleep quality critical factors for maintaining overall well-being but part say is the one step in my routine that really made the most difference in my life making sure the evening includes quality time whether it's watching something together or just talking I make sure that I am present not only does it feel good but studies show that meaningful social interactions can reduce stress hormones and boost oxytocin also known as the love hormone now not only will this increase happiness but could actually also boost cognitive function quality time is more than just down time it's my way of reconnecting with what matters most because honestly what is even the point in working so hard if you don't have time to be fully present with the people who matter most now you know my go-to routine for feeling balanced and productive on my days off but maybe you want to learn about the micro habits that set me up for Success even with a busy schedule or maybe you want to watch this video which has been specifically recommended just for you based on what you're interested in thank you thank you so much for watching if you did enjoy the video please don't forget to like comment subscribe and I will see you in the next video mAh

  Top Comments:
  1. @ah43444 [2 likes]: Key pillars of her day-off routine include:

•	Prioritize & Plan (01:24 - 03:16): Faye uses a 'brain dump' and the Eisenhower Matrix to clear mental clutter and reduce decision fatigue by categorizing tasks based on urgency and importance.
•	Brain Juice (03:17 - 04:19): She emphasizes that exercise is non-negotiable, noting that it boosts Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF), which enhances memory, focus, and executive function.
•	Pamper & Prep (04:20 - 06:00): A structured self-care session, including dry brushing and specific hair/skin routines, which serves as a reset for her physical appearance and well-being.
•	Mind Over Matter (06:01 - 07:29): She replaces passive consumption (like watching reality TV) with active learning through platforms like Skillshare to improve cognitive flexibility.
•	Matcha Before Mayhem (07:30 - 08:39): Faye opts for matcha over coffee, explaining that the L-theanine content provides a calm, focused alertness without the typical jitters or energy crashes.
•	Midday Reset (08:40 - 13:15): She incorporates mindfulness and meditation to combat midday energy dips and lower cortisol levels, helping her stay present during stressful or high-stakes moments.
•	Push & Rest (13:16 - 13:59): By tackling her most important tasks early via the Eisenhower Matrix, she can fully 'switch off' in the evening, establishing firm work boundaries to improve sleep and reduce rumination.
•	Quality Time (14:00 - 14:45): Ending the day with focused, meaningful social interaction to boost oxytocin and reconnect with what matters most.
  2. @hridaykaull [1 likes]: The way this video delivers its message is really impactful… simple yet powerful enough to actually change your perspective
  3. @Diana-Aziz [1 likes]: You read the book i read
  4. @myteaskay5631 [1 likes]: lowkey inspired to get my life together now
  5. @Shmooper_Dooper [1 likes]: That is some incredible levels of motivation, wish I felt the same, even though it leads to more work.

Early childhood and adolescence are super important to creating a person and I think mine were messed up and now I’m a broken person.
  6. @AliahMercksNaturalNails: what's with the tape on your lips?
  7. @SanskritiGupta-h1v: To all the teenagers pls don't follow this
  8. @RCoco-f5m: 11:27 know exactly how you feel im literally at my ketamine therapy session right now and your what i watch ❤❤❤ while doing my treatment ❤❤❤
  9. @natalife5297: Good evening, nice video, you have a very beautiful house, nice vlog, thank you for the pleasant company, a friendly like, good luck and all the best😍😍🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤗🤗
  10. @MissKaya-m6y: ❤❤❤
  11. @AhmetKarahan-r9b: 🥂     ✈ 💋
  12. @GodLevel-b1v6c: omg the morning routine sounds amazing 🤩
  13. @ImK82: love the tips, gonna try this routine for sure
  14. @MercyAkemotubo: this is so relatable, need to implement some of this
  15. @jeminahmatela93: the bit about exercise boosting mood hits. i always forget how much better my brain works after even a short lift, Forge: AI Trainer aside.
  16. @DailyHealthyLiving-b3p: Your shared video is very helpful to many people.
  17. @Myacc123: The only thing I noticed really was that your making breakfast and dinner for your partner on top of being a doctor and on top of staying incredibly fit. I get no breakfast, no dinner, my wife is overweight but hey she's got a good job so we got one out of 4 😅
  18. @StellaAesthetics: You were very smart to add Dr to your channel name.
Fae Bate sounds like an OF creator, and you being a young blonde and all.....
  19. @user-ls9ml9iq2l: So inspiring!
  20. @fhyfhy-g7p: WE HAVE THE SAME NAMEE

- WORK WEEK IN MY LIFE: 9-5 job working in wealth management: Kind: captions Language: en oh [Music] hello welcome back to another YouTube video if you're new my name is Lauren this is going to be a work week of my life I do this every so often my job is kind of I work at a desk all day in an office I don't work from home so sometimes it's hard for me to capture work week in my life because it's also hard to film in an office setting but we're going to do a work week of my life this week I work in wealth management if you're new I just transitioned into a new position I work I used to work on the life insurance side and doing life insurance applications and things like that and service work and now I do the investment side um this is new I just transitioned into this position within the past month so still really new I'm still learning um it's a lot to kind of take on a lot of responsibility and a lot to learn so I'm excited I eventually wanted to get here just didn't expect it to happen so quickly so if you would have told me a year ago that this is what I'd be doing for work I don't know if I would have believed you never saw myself doing this never ever saw this as my path so life has just a very funny way of working out but that's what I do for work Monday through Friday office I wish I had a hybrid style or at least one work from home day but I don't um going to head to work I wanted to share my outfit I just got this sweater off Amazon and people say it's a Jenny cane dupe I don't have a Jenny Kane sweater because they are very pricey the reviews said that it's pretty similar can't speak on that for myself because I like I said I don't own one I got it in this navy blue color and I also got it in black and red because I thought it'd be perfect for work wearing it with high-waisted pants from Zara and this Cuts tea you'll probably see me wearing the black sweater sometime this week too it's just such a great sweater and it's a decent price I think it's like $35 to $40 on Amazon definitely recommend for work and you can dress it down wear it at home if you work from home with like leggings and like a tank top or whatever this is the outfit I'm going to wear flats I've been wearing flats to work for since I've started working for 4 years and it's so funny how they are like back in style if you guys worked in an office didn't you did everyone wear flats I feel like I've always worn Flats to work and it's just funny how they're like in style again I don't know mine aren't cute they're from like Old Navy so I don't really care about work shoes but it's just funny because I've been wearing flats because they're like dressy like heels but they don't have a heel and a lot of my other jobs I've been like walking around all day so I've always worn like Flats because my toes are covered mules can sometimes look a little weird on my feet but I wanted something like dressy but without the heel so that's why I've always worn Flats but I do need to invest in like more work shoes because I kind of just wear like the same three pairs of flats every week so I just wanted to quickly start off the Vlog and welcome you back to another video make sure you're subscribed I'm going to head to the office he he you [Applause] my self tanner is coming off of my neck I just got home from work it was actually a pretty good work day it was busy but not like overwhelmingly busy which is always very nice so I'm grateful for that for a Monday can't complain I think I think my camera okay I think it's straight now I'm about to go work out I do the form workouts by Samy Clark it sound like a broken record but I've been truly doing her workouts kind of on and off I've definitely switched around but I always go back to hers I've been doing her workouts since Co 2020 she used to do live workouts like live stream workouts on her Instagram page and over the years she evolved into form and created an app and did videos does weekly schedules has recipes so many things on the app and it's a subscription service and I just go down to my apartment gym use the treadmill and then I come back up and I can use free weights bands I have like ankle weights I do the workouts at home and it's basically like paying for a gym membership and it's all guided it's kind of like going to a workout class it's someone doing the workouts with you she's very motivating I just love her energy her workouts so I always just go back to them um and she recently I think over the past couple of months Incorporated more Pilates workouts too so she has strictly strength workouts and then she has strictly Pilates and then she also has the Pilates and strength weekly schedules so each week she releases weekly schedules depending on the program that you want to do this sounds sponsored but it's really not truly have always enjoyed her workouts this is basically what it looks like so up here it's the Pilates and strength which is the one that I do but it also has pil IES and then just strength and then when you click them it just gives you the workouts for the day so today is more Pilates focused and it's the 10 minute lower body chair Pilates and then the 10minute lower body standing Pilates so I'm going to go on the treadmill do 12330 I kind of I don't do 12 330 every day but I do walk every day or five times a week or try four to five times a week so I like to get some type of walking movement in because I don't really really have that luxury at my job so I used to have that luxury I used to be walking around all day like moving furniture if you guys have been with me since I had my job where I moved Furniture you are an OG subscriber that was such a crazy job like looking back I can't even believe that I used to move huge desks across an office space into another office truly is crazy I used to literally get a whole workout in while I was at work it was so it was so crazy looking back on that but um anyways I'm going to throw on a sweatshirt and some biker shorts and we're going to head to the gym [Laughter] good morning I I'm not awake this morning at all I woke up at like 4:50 it's 6:30 now to drop Christian off at the airport if you're new Christian is I hate saying the word fiance and it's nothing like against it it just sounds like really pretentious to me and I've literally called him my boyfriend for 5 and 1/2 years and just like transition into fiance it just sounds so pretentious I don't know why nothing against it I don't know I don't know it's weird uh Christian and I just recently got engaged in August so I dropped Christian off at the airport and he actually is on a work trip right now it's an incentive trip in Seattle so this has been the year of travel for sure we've both traveled so much this year especially though we were talking about it in the car this morning and he's truly traveled literally everywhere this year we've gone out of the country twice both of us he's been to Arizona twice Seattle he went on a cruise to the Bahamas with work he's just really like Tred this year so I dropped him off he's excited but we did just get back from Italy like 3 weeks ago now that's my alarm um we got back 3 weeks ago and we just took a 9-hour flight home so it was like 7 and half hours there and like almost 9 hours back his flight is 6 and 1/2 hours and then you have to like sit on the plane for a little bit so be on the plane for like a total of basically the same amount of time as we were when we were going to Italy which is so funny so he's like kind of dreading the flight but he's never been to Seattle so I'm excited for him I saw his itinerary and it looks like they're going to see a bunch of cool different distilleries and places he does liquor sales by the way I'm just dampening my face before I put on the road glazing fluid I'm just doing skin care I do really like makeup during the work week because I tend to wear heavier makeup on the weekends and since I work in an office every day and I mainly wear makeup on the weekends I don't really get my skin the proper break so that's why I go a little bit lighter throughout the work week I've been wearing this probably for 3 years now but I use the Merit Foundation concealer stick in the color Dune and I've been using this for so long and then I'm going to take this Charlotte Tilbury little powder this is like a 5 minute makeup I'm going to take the Lux unfiltered two um Beauty balms this color is in tropics I love these and I'm going to take the um little brush that she has blown this out and this like just provides a little bit of color to the face which I love but this makeup like takes me literally like no time which I prefer I don't like to spend a lot of time getting ready in the morning we're putting on makeup so it's like literally takes me 5 minutes I'm going to put a little bit on my eyelids and then I'm going to go in with the beauty balm in Sunset it's so pretty and that and then I'm going to do the Charlotte Tilbury bronzer in shade two then I go in with mascara this is just the lanc cone monos seur lastly just morphe eyebrow pencil that's almost out I have a refill and then I'm ending with the Lan lip sleeping mask in pumpkin spice I brought this back out for this year I put it away that is my 5 minute quick and easy work makeup and I'm going to put together my breakfast lunch my snack ate breakfast and lunch and snacks at the office I ate majority of my meals there and figure out an outfit to wear for the day here is my outfit of the day I don't think this sweater is still available I think I got it at the beginning of 2022 from misguided I don't even know if misguided is even still around I honestly haven't shopped there in a while um I know that there was like a whole shutdown I don't know what happened but it's like a fuzzy little button-up sweater it is cropped but I tucked it up into I'm wearing like a long line little tank underneath and I tucked it up into the tank but it looks like this so that's what I'm wearing and then pants are from Zara so all my pants are from Zara I just wear the same basically the same pair of pants every single day just in a different color it's just really easy and they're super flattering so I love them I just got home from work I'm about to work out I put on the same sweatshirt that I wore to bed I'm going to go get on the treadmill and just walk I'm washing my hair today so I wanted to share what I do when I wash my hair I oil my scalp to help with growth I've talked about this actually recently a couple Vlogs ago I'm like kind of concerned about thinning right here I have some Thin Hair throughout here so I've really been trying to focus on hair growth throughout there so I'm using this Golab Beauty strengthening scalp massage oil I just I ordered one on Amazon a new one not of this brand but like a cheaper $7 brand that I've seen circle around it has like green packaging is on it but that one got lost so I got refunded and I need to go to Ulta to pick it up because I saw that it was carried there so I need to go I'll probably go sometime this week because I still have some oil left in this I didn't really notice a difference with this product and it was like $35 but I didn't consistently use it enough to know if it actually did something so that's on me but I'm really trying to focus on prioritize putting this in to see if it actually makes a difference so I'm going to oil my scalp a little bit before I get on the treadmill and work out because I will be washing my hair tonight so I want to make sure that I put this in I'm just going to put like a little bit throughout if I slicked my hair back today I probably would have used this when slicking my hair back but I didn't end up doing that today so I'm going to put this in then get on the treadmill come up Do a form workout I'm going to cook dinner I'm cooking a sheet pan dinner these are so easy to do I think I did one in my last work quick of my life but they're just so easy espe especially if you like leftovers but I'll share that later when I cook it just got done with my workout and I'm about to prep dinner and throw it in the oven and then get in the shower because it takes about 35 to 45 minutes I kind of check it every so often and then I kind of broil it in the end to get it a little bit more Brown so basically this recipe is broccoli zucchini red pepper sweet potato red onion and then this mild chicken chicken sausage and I'm going to put it on the pan just need to prep all the veggies and then I'm going to do a hummus style dressing on top and it will be really yummy and this will give me leftovers for probably tomorrow night's dinner and the next night and then Friday Christian comes back so we'll probably go to dinner when I pick him up from the airport so this will give me a lot of leftovers and I'm going to cook it on 375 okay just pulled dinner out of the oven this is what it looks like I am editing a vlog about to sit down and eat and edit and I made the sauce to go over this bowl it's just the itha hummus A4 lemon I would use fresh garlic I only had garlic powder and then I used avocado oil and not olive oil cuz that's all I have just going to drizzle it on top and that's dinner w just got home from work I know I haven't talked to the camera at all today I ended up having to rush out the door because my two friends are out of town and I'm checking in on their cat while they're gone and she unplugged her food her automatic food container so I rushed over there because it's about 10 minutes in the opposite direction from my office so I wanted to make sure I can get there before work so I went over there really quickly this morning and then drove into the office so so I didn't have time to really talk to the camera but I just changed for the gym and I came home to a princess Polly package I'm working with them I think in my next video I'm like kind of behind on editing videos right now I don't know if it's going to be up before this work week of my life or after but if it's up already I will link it down below and if it's not stay tuned because I will be filming the tri haul this weekend and I got so many good pieces for fall stay tuned for this I'm going to head down to the gym morning how's it going today good how are you good my love what kind I gift for you that'll be it yes 9 thank you okay I just pulled up to work I'm in the garage I got here a little bit early because I left earlier just in case Starbucks had a long line but I will wasn't feeling really well yesterday and this morning I decided to get up and just work out and probably wasn't the best decision I probably should have just rested and I need to be better about that truly um with just resting but I treated myself to Starbucks and got a honey citrus mint tea with no lemonade so I got that also treated myself to some red pepper egg white bites from Starbucks I never get Starbucks I never eat out during the week really so getting breakfast and a tea is such a nice little treat for me this morning so I'm going to eat this in my car before I head in because I have about 15 minutes before I have to go inside and get to work just got home from work and opened up some packages I got more beans this is where I get my beans from for my espresso machine by Loom I recently switched to this blend and I've been really liking it it's my second box so I got more of that and then also got some more stuff from oneup nutrition I got my favorite protein powder have this mixed with my coffee every single workday Monday through Friday so I get it in The Salted Caramel flavor it's my favorite and then I got more protein bars Christian really likes these we haven't tried the s'mores flavor yet but the last box that I got was the cookies and cream one so we're trying this one out this time so just wanted to share it's Thursday so I'm about to put on some self tanner and sit in this I usually leave it on for about 4 hours I've been using the B body 1hour Express in dark for probably 2 years now I used to use the St Trope one switched to this one and I really really love this one so I use this it does dry really quickly so you kind of have to work quick and work in smaller sections on your body so I really like this I'll link it it's my favorite and then I will rinse it off in the shower and then I'll sleep in the Luxe unfiltered hydrating self-tanning cream and this is the gradual self tanner so I feel like it complement the B body one really well and it gives such a nice color and tan so that's my self-tanning routine I'm a creature of habit so I haven't switched up in a while I've used these products for 2 years I've used Lux unfiltered for over 2 years this exact product and I've repurchased it a million times so highly recommend that's my self-tanning routine every week on Thursday this is what I do and then I sit and edit my YouTube video whichever one I'm working on for 4 hours and just get that stuff done and sit in myself Tanner because I don't like sleeping in it so this is a great option because this this doesn't discolor your sheets or anything and it doesn't feel like you're wearing like a self-tanning mousse if you know what I mean the feeling of having self-tanner on I just don't like sleeping in it so this is a great option if you don't like sleeping in your self tanner highly recommend so I'll link both these products down below I'm about to marinate in this stuff for the next couple of hours good morning it's Friday I'm wearing an outfit that's a little bit outside of my comfort zone because I feel a little bit casual but I don't know why I even Googled our leather leggings office appropriate and I saw a bunch of articles they are and I just think it's a little outside of my comfort zone because I've never done it before so wearing my hair in a ponytail this sweater is from Amazon it's the sweater that I was wearing earlier in the week I think Monday in navy blue I'm wearing it in black and then I ordered a red one and it should be here tomorrow the quality is really good it's more of a heavier weight sweater but I really really like it and it's perfect for work for me at least for my office environment I don't have to wear like Blazers every day or anything like that so if that's like your office environment this would be perfect for it I'm just wearing a black tank top underneath and then I'm wearing leather leggings from Spanx I've actually never worn them before I got them last fall you can kind of see the fabric right there this is a little outfit feels a little bit casual but the sweater goes down over my butt and I'm wearing some Flats I woke up feeling a a little bit sick again like worse and a little bit congested and my throat is like dry and I was like tossing and turning last night coughing so hopefully I get some good sleep tonight and I'll feel better by tomorrow it's just a bummer I feel like I'm in like the beginning stages and I keep like fighting it off but it like then comes back again I don't know but I'm going to head out the door I didn't have to be to work at 88 today my boss is playing in a golf tournament yesterday and today so he's like not really working um he also plays golf like every Friday on the calendar it's so funny he has 12 to 5 blocked off every single Friday for golf he doesn't always golf but a majority of the time he's golfing and he's like in a great mood if he's golfing it's just funny but he's playing in a golf tournament and he messaged us late last night and was like you guys don't have to come in at 8 just come in at your normal time but we can still leave at 4:00 so I get to go to work at 8:30 we don't have a Friday 88 a.m. meeting which is what we usually have every Friday I have to go in at 8 for like an hour hour and 15 long meeting and we like recap the week and then we go into next week and then go over any like pending things service work applications things like that and kind of get together collectively all as a group but we didn't have to do that today because he's out so it's probably going to be a great work day just like catching up getting last minute things submitted and following up with a lot of our clients so hopefully a great day but it's already off to a great start because I didn't have to be in at 8 for a meeting and I still get to leave at 4:00 so great Friday for me I'm going to head out the door and head to work okay my camera battery light is flashing at me but I just got home from work picked up Christian from the airport we went to dinner then I dropped him off and went to go check on my friend's cat while she's been out of town for a little bit and now I'm home and I wanted to quickly end off this video here I hope you guys enjoyed this work week of my life I'm going to be vlogging this weekend so stay tuned for that exciting things and I mean I guess it's exciting it's wedding stuff but yeah make sure you're subscribe give this video a thumbs up and I will see you guys in my next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @heatherjarp8874 [33 likes]: I ❤ you!  I had the same issues with older people being mean to me because I was young, blonde, fit and hard-working.  I’m now 54 and I remember what it was like.  Hang in there, things will get better. You’ll get tougher and have the confidence to deal with it.  😊
  2. @AD-rc1su [21 likes]: Hi! I absolutely love these work weeks videos! Just a comment, please please be safe/careful showing your place of work. There’s a bunch of sick people out there and there was a direct shot of your place of work. Mean it in the best way!
  3. @heymaritr [4 likes]: It is SO refreshing to see someone on here with a similar work schedule/life like mine!!
  4. @SaraCameron-f2f [1 likes]: I work in that field, too. Totally get it
  5. @maiahhhh [1 likes]: your hair is PERFECT. wow, i’ve been inspired
  6. @danielleball3072 [1 likes]: i mustve missed it in the video what is the workout app called?
  7. @santoshparvatikar [1 likes]: Fiancé can be used to let others know, that you are not just a couple anymore but are getting married. It's a status symbol.
  8. @marisolgiraldo4616 [1 likes]: Oh my god I thought I was the only one that felt like that about calling my bf now fiancé 😂😂I feel so weird saying my fiancé.
  9. @stephanievaldes97 [1 likes]: Not the furniture moving job💀😭 congratulations on the new job position! love how relatable your vlogs are, i work in the financial world and it goes hand and hand with life insurance/investments ✨
  10. @Aluz_986 [1 likes]: Love these!
  11. @ohheymaxine0516: Have the  same sweater and looovvveee it!
  12. @mjess8675: Omg the fiancé thing I hear you a 19000% I feel the same
  13. @Vlinder3333: ❤ love the video
  14. @juliam4777: I JUST found your videos but I am sooo intrigued! You said that you just transitioned to wealth management, do you have any securities licenses? (Series 7 etc.)?
  15. @ellaholson8987: Lol I feel the same way about the work Fiancé. I always avoid the word 😂
  16. @anna.yl_kim: Love the video 🤍
  17. @sherylc8631: Hi! I love your calming energy. Recent subscriber here <3
  18. @antekpiekutosky818: Beautiful clip ! please more clip how you working in office in desk...
  19. @TwinMumDiary: Subscribed 🥰✨
  20. @CelesteLoveHeart: ❤❤❤❤❤❤

- The Night Routine that CHANGED MY LIFE *Science Based Productivity BUT Realistic*: Kind: captions Language: en morning routines are everywhere promising you that girl's life productivity wellness and health but I discovered over the last year that if a morning routine improves your life by two times a nighttime routine can 10x your productivity and quality of life here's how and here's mine my routine starts around 7 PM right after dinner for dinner I love a lot of carbs it makes me sleepy and helps me wake up with full glycogen sores for my workouts in the morning quick little tidy because it helps me relax if I know there's clutter when I'm sitting on the couch yeah my mind starts swirling now I'm off for a 10 to 30 minute walk for two reasons one I try and catch the sunset and two the bonus it helps with digestion helps signal your body to produce the hormones that help you get sleepy similar how watching the sun in the morning can help wake you up and those two are really important in setting your circadian rhythm such a nice me time to unwind and kind of say hey the day is over it's time to start your nighttime routine an unexpected bonus of this is I find it this time I always write my best songs and come up with my best video ideas I never do it on purpose but something about just unwind you at the end of the day letting the stresses wash away as I'm viewing the sunset just has this little spark of creativity now for the most important part of my nighttime routine set in the vibe this is to help reduce that second wind I sometimes get at night example if I listen to too exciting of music I suddenly even calling my friends wanting to hit up a club at 11 PM on a Tuesday so I've reverse engineered this one of my favorite parts of DJing is ability to influence emotions via sound so I have a playlist for every occasion like night time I turn on my zen Zone Spotify playlist [Music] bio turn off all the large light turn on a sage diffuser right now it's all about spring scents in general and try to match the vibe to the season seasonality can really help make it so much more enjoyable in the winter I'm all about creating a cozy environment that's warm diffuser of pine scents Christmas music and everything fuzzy now that I'm transitioning to Spring it's all about a slight breeze beautiful nature vibing music and white linen-esque Aesthetics time to take off the winter sheets and put on my Spring themed sheets that made me excited to go to bed and my favorite sheets Brooklyn and Brook linen is a luxury sheets company focused on the idea people deserve simple beautiful Home Essentials at a fair price I picked Brook linen because as this video shows sleep is vital to everything in our life and I love their sheets they're unbelievably comfortable and they get better with time helping me have the best sleep possible I love the love satin sheets satin is more tightly woven and heavier in white than per kale making it warmer and buttery soft ideal for year-round Comfort speaking of comfort you can order Brooklyn and classic or Luxe hardcore bundle for the comfort of your own home you guys have probably seen these shoots a lot because I've been sleeping on Brooklyn and sheets for three years I love them so much that I bought them for my boyfriend's apartment so when I'm with him sleeping in Sweden I also have a set this is my third set they look gorgeous they're soft silky breathable and best part is they get comfier with time not gonna lie I am a little sad that I have to take off my gray ones because they're so beautifully broken in the white ones are still beautiful and comfy at the start but they just get so much better and I can't wait till these white ones are broken in too but I mean look how gorgeous the white ones look right now Brooke linen is having their birthday sale and all Brooklyn items are 25 off through May 8th their biggest sale of the year so it's the perfect time to try Brooklyn and or stock up on some of your favorites thank you Brooklyn and for sponsoring this video speaking of setting the vibe we've got to set the temperature now one thing I do one to three times a week is sauna I hit up a sauna after dinner your core body temperature naturally cools before bed to help you sleep but actually heating yourself up before bed AIDS is natural temperature regulation process example I do the sauna and I've always noticed on my aura ring the nights I do sauna I always have better quality of sleep shower time it's basic my shower consists of exfoliating a scrub or dry brush shampoo conditioner body wash makeup remover bomb and a face cleanser and benefit the shower it also helps provide a faster cool down which also hastes you to sleep skincare now this one's been transformative in the last month or two it's really been quality over quantity with skin care for me keeping it with the basics and just making sure they're really good I do a retinol a hydrating serum moisturizer and either a hydrating mask or an oil and that's it the thing for me has really been just taking the time to think of nourishing my skin and enjoying this because I used to just get out of the shower be annoyed at this and slather it on recently starting treating my body skin also like my face I have an active vitamin C or retinol a moisturizer and finish with a body oil now I've really transformed my view on my body and face skin care and really try and think of it as luxurious now I don't do anything crazy I kind of just put it on but I take my time because just being 100 honest I am a compulsive skin picker and it's something I've battled with for about 15 years and when I was talking to my therapist she gave me the idea to spend more time nourishing at night versus stripping so shout out to my fellow OCD Queens out there I'm not saying this is a solution and I'm not perfect and I definitely do catch myself but I think I've drastically reduced it by about two-thirds and I don't really go on those hour-longs freeze anymore simply by just taking the time and nourishing my skin at night and almost swapping out the compulsion of stripping and picking and replacing it with hydrating and nourishing bro okay why is it so satisfying to have a warm drink before bed regardless I don't know the reason but I love four sigmatics sleepy tea or bare nutrition's sleep Peak they both taste like hot cocoa and they have added things like magnesium and Gaba and other supplements that don't necessarily help me fall asleep personally but I do notice they improved my quality sleep [Applause] I always enjoy them with a couple pieces of chocolate for simply pleasure and I don't just have dark chocolate but I've been in a dark chocolate mood lately who is she now I'm off to watch my shows for the night now I have to pick mindfully because I have a tendency to pick something exciting exhilarating maybe even scary and get inspired or adrenaline start pumping through my body that's way too intense and that makes it very hard to turn off so I've realized I have to watch something absolutely mindless to the point of boredom to help me get so bored I want to go to bed otherwise I'm on a binge session speaking of late night spiraling here but that I always have thoughts either creative ones or anxiety filled right before bed what has worked for me is I've started writing them down and not making them pretty not this nice to-do list I know I just dump it I just write a list all my thoughts just put it on there and I know I'll deal with it tomorrow so right when I wake up in the morning I organize those brain thoughts into to-do list and honestly most of the time I just end up erasing them because they were absolute hogwash ideas now for the absolute hardest part of my night when I sink into the couch I'm cozy comfortable how on Earth am I supposed to drag myself off the couch and actually crawl into bed and this could be 10 minutes of me laying on the couch it could be two hours and I've only had one solution and it might be extreme but I've gamified my bed yes gamified it I've made it into a game I've made my bed so I'm excited to get into bed it's something I can win at and yes that is my toxic trait so I have an aura ring and a night sleep and also hatch alarm clock which I still have not been able to set up properly these scores that track your sleep makes sleep like a science experiment which can stress out a lot of people but for me personally it made it dare I say fun I I know I know it encourages me to get off the couch and just by doing that I was able to fall asleep before 10 pm dental hygiene got my fancy toothbrush my water pick and my mouthwash top three least sexiest things I put on the internet now this is lame everyone's like of course Kelty brush your teeth but guess what younger Kelty didn't so I'm just here to say kids don't wind up like 27 year old Kelty and getting seven teeth pulled oh PS um I bought this one time when it was on sale and just refill it with this speaking of not cute looks time to manifest now every night before bed I always say my three biggest goals and take a moment of gratitude and yes I say it out loud to myself in the mirror I'm on an exploration phase with my own religion and beliefs regardless if there's a universe or God or it's just a continuous reminder for myself every day to stay aligned with what I want and most importantly remind myself of what I already have regardless of what it is I find a benefit in it the reason this is life-changing is I've never been a sleeper I don't enjoy sleep I could lay in bed for eight hours or I could go do something else like if I could just not sleep I would not sleep I never prioritize it I'm like why go to bed when I could be up those extra two hours doing something then I read the book why we sleep and realized the health benefits of sleep and more so how negatively it can impact your life if you're not sleeping eight hours that's when I got my aura ring and suddenly I was like oh this is kind of fun I want to sleep more and then I started prioritizing sleep and everything thing else changed my energy levels my anxiety literally my mental health skyrocketed I took time in the evening to unwind I didn't have as much of this overwhelmed Doom feeling self-sabotaged throughout the day I noticed my Cravings were more equal I was less bloated my skin improved my ability to concentrate during the day less need to have those like little dopamine hits because I have a natural dopamine Gremlin back in the day something that would take me five hours to do something I could do in two or three hours mark because I was more productive I had more energy my workouts improved I've just found I've been so much more productive physically mentally emotionally balanced when I prioritize my sleep and it really came down to having a night routine of just time in the evening to unwind to get your body ready to sleep and all these things not just got me sleepy more but improved my quality sleep right before we hop into bed let's talk sleep hygiene to improve my quality of sleep one warm up cycle down so that could be a sauna or shower two sleep in a cold room three watch the sunset four avoid caffeine after five pm and five no bright lights or exciting music before I go to bed which is sometimes a drink because I love a good Rave but my REM sleep does not so we close out my blackout blinds but I'm a little weird and I leave them slightly open just in case the real sunlight can come in before my alarm and wake me up because I find that such a more peaceful way to wake up but also I live in downtown Vancouver and I don't love the idea of people in other apartments seeing me sleep time to crawl into bed and do the absolute biggest sin that Andrew huberman would be so mad at me yes I go on my phone for a few minutes before bed but but but I do have a very boring phone that is just weather utility apps and my closest friends so once I've gone through my five text messages check the weather in any relevant City there's nothing left and if those apps I do have I make sure to turn them all on dark mode and my screen brightness as low as humanly possible could I just not go on my phone at night yes but we're in a transition slowly getting there we're not fully there but I'm not Doom scrolling but two in the morning anymore so we'll take that as a win last I set my alarm the eight sleep mattress whole review coming is amazing because it has a vibration that wakes you up instead of just that jarring sound we all know that I could insert right here I'm sorry for that trauma but something that has drastically improved my quality sleep and well-being is just a consistent bedtime waking up at 5 00 am almost every day and going to bed anywhere from nine till 10 15 every day I'm not perfect it varies kind of an hour but when I travel I do not get the opportunity to have a consistent sleep routine so whenever I'm in one place for a long period of times I try to be as consistent as humanly possible and then we doze off have a great day go pet a dog good night I know this video is different than my usual style I hope you guys enjoyed it I got food poisoning this week and I just needed a chill video so I hopefully maybe you need a chill video too so hopefully next week I'll be back to a bit more my energy but I feel like whoa guilty's just like mellow first humor where's the energy it wasn't there and thank you for letting me take a week to just be chill because yeah food poisoning also I realized I spend quite a bit of money on sleep Tech those are not needed if I just give one recommendation look at the sunset before you go to bed avoid bright lights and loud music cool down your room consistent sleep schedule though that is the key to a good sleep those are all free so there's that don't feel like you need to have all those fancy Tech to have a sleep

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeltieOConnor [358 likes]: I know there is a lot of products in this video, didn’t want it to come off like a full commercial HAHAH but personally when I watch content I love DETAILS from people, like not just they use protein but like what brand and flavour. So wanted to show exactly what I used. LMK if you like the details, or if you’d like no brands involved for future similar videos ☺️
  2. @Jessicab-u7c [4 likes]: So refreshing to see real people on YouTube not all made up.
  3. @catwoman3247 [2 likes]: I'm a skin picking myself 😢 it's so frustrating 😔😭 thanks for your help.
  4. @anishaaditya650 [1 likes]: Ambitious. Perhaps more doable on a Friday. On a usual day, I'd reach home, drink water, keep Olivia Dean on, complete my pilates workout, shower, moisturise, make a simple dinner and eat it while watching a show, do nighttime skincare, and we're done. I'm perfectly happy :)
  5. @Jesstheconnector [1 likes]: This is the first of your videos I have seen. I loved it. I liked that it was calm and I love your personality ❤
  6. @ZainaRamirez-f8p [1 likes]: Added just one step and my mornings are smoother already.
  7. @CharlotteSpeakingConfidence [1 likes]: The sleepy carbs tip is 👌
  8. @arielleck: time stamps would be appreciated so I can see how long you spend on everything.
  9. @pinkfurryhat: Imma have to try the lotion thing bc i have a horrible scab picking problem that has resulted in many scars. Thank god i didnt have bad acne on my face. But legs and back are spotted😢
  10. @yygg9786: Whats your matress brand dear?
  11. @yygg9786: What did u mean by writing songs? Do u compose or just lyrics?
  12. @gabrusog: Have you ever try to pray to Jesus? Is so helpful (even 5 minutes)
  13. @InesKhi-zz5cp: You should eat...Real food...
  14. @SsumeerA: Watching it at 12:34 am 😅
  15. @KarlaHughes-j3q: This turned my nights from restless to restful. Thank you.
  16. @UrbanPowell: Tried this last night and woke up way more refreshed.
  17. @yayayayaya362: Genuine Q- do you think your nighttime routine would change if you were back in Canada? AKA- getting dark at 4pm, -40 degrees, etc. I can NOT muster up the energy (or courage) to go for a nighttime walk!
  18. @howarddodge772: love your hair
  19. @daltonricketts6799: just used your brook linen code!
  20. @malina_palina: Girl i LOVE your videos !!! Thank you so much

- ultimate health & wellness day in my life | pilates, matcha, cardio, healthy meals, aesthetic ⋆. 𐙚 ˚: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] smell just chasing this. I thought I was looking around this room. Can't help but see the chases again. This moment is real. I can't put in words. Walk two miles. Go out body. I didn't even Oh, no. I may never find you. Want to give up on you, but know for me. Good morning. one half that way. Love you so much. We're going to get a strawberry mama today. Love you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to another day in my life. This is the day that we're going for. You know, more often than not, I realize that I scroll through Pinterest and I just get obsessed with these aesthetics and these people and then I scroll and I'll see a picture of myself and there'll be so many comments like, "Wow, if I live this life and I'm like, that's literally me and I'm doing the same thing with every other picture on Pinterest." So, I looked at myself in the mirror today and said, "I'm beautiful. I have this look back. I have the apartment. I have a computer. I have all this. When do I start living the life and actually feeling like the aesthetic? You know what I mean? It's almost romanticizes so much in my head that I just keep scrolling and it's I'm chasing it. We're all romanticizing this insane idea. Skinny, skinny, skinny, Pilates, Pilates walks. We're all just chasing it for years. Or at least I am. I'm talking about all of us, but it's me. If you know what I mean, you know what I mean. If you don't, then I'm sorry. But like my hair is literally in these. My stomach literally looks like this. Even if my body dysmorphia doesn't let me see it. It's glow clock Sunday reset. Like yes, I'm going to embody all of this. You can't just scroll. You got to do the things that these people do. I'm going to live it. I'm going to get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] watch. I'm going to go on a long ass hot girl walk. I'm going to do the journaling. I am going to do everything today. So, let's live ultimate health and wellness day. Let's embody it. Let's be it. All right. Let's freaking go on my notion and let's write our daily reflection. Daily create a new page. New page journal. Stoic journal. Let's go to the gym. For the first time in my life, I've been actually limiting my caffeine for real. And I haven't been having energy drinks or coffee. I've literally been getting myself decaf. And I've just been holding myself accountable. Like I always say, I genuinely believe moderation of everything. No rules with any foods, no rules with any routines, with any friendships. Be moldable. Be intuitive with your life. I'm going to enjoy it when I'm going to enjoy it. Yeah, it tastes delicious today. I feel like a lot of the time, like I was talking about earlier, we're just chasing this I'm just chasing even me right now. I'm chasing this magic cure to feel good, to feel happy, to feel oh my god, me not having caffeine every day. Do I feel Do I feel better? Like I do I feel better? I don't even know. Could I feel better eating the caffeine or could I feel better consuming the caffeine every day still and just being a happier person by my mindset, being happy with myself? There are people that are just so happy in their day-to-day lives. They have the freaking I don't know how to explain it. You'll see a dad and he'll be like running a marathon. He'll just be so happy and so good. Then their daughters are like he literally has diet cook like 10 of them all day long and he does all this but he's just so healthy and happy and it's it's stress. It's stress that kills us. I always want to be perfect. I'm like why' I do that? Why I do that? I could be more locked in. I could be this. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm searching for this happiness that I have to find within myself. Actually, I don't know how to do that. I like making videos. I like making content. And I'm very inspired right now filming this. I want to go edit this. I want to try a new style of editing this video. I want to be inspired. I feel like Emma Chamberlain when she stopped making YouTube videos because she just didn't like what she put out. She wasn't inspired. I don't want to unromanticize making YouTube videos and making these videos because in my head it gets really overwhelming and then soon it turns not fun for me as the creator, which I think it needs to be fun for me to make the good content that you guys enjoy and also I am proud of. I'm thinking today like, what can I do to live such a good life? Do I drive out to LA? Do I go to a coffee shop in LA? Do I go buy a bunch of apartment furniture for my house? What do I do? Why am I looking for all these things to bring me happiness? I should just go hang out with my family. Sometimes I do that and I don't feel fulfilled either. So, I'm just figuring it out. I'm just figuring out. I think it's the weather, dude. It's so gloomy. I need the sun. I need somewhere to be shiny. I need to go to the beach. I need to be in tune myself. I know what I need. Okay, I know what I need. And also, my apartment's starting to feel not homey and not good energy. I don't know what to do. I'm like searching, is there a podcast I can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] listen to and study to make my place homey? Like, windows, it's just so dull. It's so empty almost. You know what I mean? And I feel so weird saying that because I've worked so hard and I love my apartment and I know how like aesthetic it can be online and through the camera and the way I edit the videos, but you can romanticize anything. You can romanticize ghetto like mid9s, you know what I mean? The vibe is just whatever the creator and editor makes it. So, I'm telling you right now, if you're watching this and you're like, "Wow, I love this video. The aesthetic is just so aestheticing. It's just, wow, I want this life." I'm in my head searching for what life do I still want to live. I'm watching other girls videos. That's that's what I'm saying. This whole video is me just talking about imposttor syndrome. I guess it's so confusing cuz I didn't understand this feeling for so long. Now I feel like I get it. I'm going to enjoy the moment. I'm going to enjoy today. I'm drinking this right now, sitting in my car. I'm 20 years old. I'm making a YouTube video. It's so early. I am in control of my life. I am in control of all my decisions. I am that girl. I do what that girl does. Do you guys see my journal? Like, who do I want to be and what does that person have? A lot of girls DM me. They say like, "Oh, I want to lose weight. I want to be like the Pilates body. I want this." And I'm like, we all want this aesthetic, but you have to just do the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like, just start doing what those girls do. What What is in the pictures? What are they doing? They really are doing the hot girl walks. They're walking for 2 hours listening to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] podcast. They're going to get a matcha. They're doing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Pilates classes. It's not just the aesthetic. They are the aesthetic because they do the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that is the aesthetic. You got to do it. Let's go live a great life. Okay. That's my little pre gym chithat rock. Don't mind the stains on my clothes. I got mustard all over these new sweats. I don't know why these hoes can't stand me. I guess I'm so demanding when they double coat the candy. I'm so high. No landing. Keeping that steady rocking this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] confetti. They all go in the roll my belly. I got my popping. I got them coming in. She look like a blitz. She want to check me out. She want to check my feet. I pull up the back jump. I know I guess I guess I keep my candy. I got my car. She deserve a pettic cuz she show when it comes to Monday not a problem. Turn me to a killer. I just got it come through her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good and peace Chicago and I want me selling out. I just the streets street from a brand new castle in the middle east my style when we sit down and eat. I can do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but my style ain't free. They got pretty on her head on her head. She might be down. I can't feel my lid. I swear I sniped off your forks going out the roof. They busting through the cell. My new [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the truth I'm ass keep going keep going. Keep going. I guess I'm spinning up. Yes, I'm spinning. She want What's up with that rabbit? What's up with that rabbit? She good with that. She good with all of my carriage. Took a straight to Paris before the carriage. Soon as I put it down, I swear they want to get married. Damn. I got the girl. Damn. Damn. I got first booty like that. Then she let me workout is done. I decided to do legs and just walk two miles. Like I said, I've been trying to just be way more intuitive with everything I do. So, I'm not forcing myself to do 45 minutes of stair master every day. I love 45 minutes of stair master, do not get me wrong, but doing it on like, for example, my upper body days, it makes me so much more excited to do it. And then on lower body days, I'm walking a lot more. Sometimes I'm still doing it. I'm just trying to be so intentional and I'm trying to treat my body as best as possible. Like, I genuinely do want to feel my best. I'm planning on going on like an hour walk later. I already did some steps. I just want to be active. I just want to be fit. I just want to feel my best. Yeah, it's weird. I never weigh myself. You guys know I'm so honest when it comes to food fitness and everything. Weight doesn't really trigger me and I've never been even when I was struggling with food and my eating disorder, whatever the most, weight has never been like up. I'm at the library right now editing this, but I kind of wanted to explain what I was saying before my camera died. Weight has never been something that's triggered me. It's more been looking in the mirror and seeing something I didn't like. But like if I see the scale go up 5 lb, I don't know. It just doesn't trigger me cuz I know that there's so much that goes into weight. There's water weight, there's hormones, what you ate yesterday, what you ate the day before, if you went to the bathroom or not. And anyways, so I weighed myself and this is the lightest that I've ever been. It's crazy because yes, I am exercising a lot, but I'm not calorie counting. I'm feeding my body well. I'm listening to my body. Lower body days. I'm just walking more. I'm eating more fats. I'm being so intentional with everything that I do. I used to see videos of people super lean and they're like, "I did 2 miles of walking." And I'm like, "How do you look like that and you do that?" But then again, there's so much you don't see in everything I do. I'm I'm really trying. It's crazy. I just It's crazy. So this is your daily reminder to not obsess over the weight. I see people obsessing over a2 lb increase. And our bodies are up and down and all around. So focus on how you feel and you will look good. I know it's hard. Just let this be a reminder to not obsess over the scale weight because there's too many factors to obsess over. I made a Tik Tok yesterday trying eggs six different ways with Malachi and peanut butter and jelly was my favorite. I don't know why, but it was so good. Fine and dark and handsome. The boy from South came. I can't keep my knees from driving. I just finished my breakfast. Let's go get a matcha. I just got a really exciting package. I ordered this yesterday on Amazon. This is so exciting. Oh my god. Okay, this is the microphone that I bought for my podcast and I can do voiceovers on this video. Oh my god. I also bought some new camera batteries, dude. Okay, I'm leveling up. I am [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] leveling up. I'm just like so excited right now. I don't even know what to do. I'm sipping my tea post breakfast. I still have to go get matcha, but this I was waiting for. I always have to record like three different times. But, okay, guys, I just got a microphone for my podcast. I'm officially low. Oh my god. Get ready for the podcast to be just a million times better. I researched a bunch of different microphones and this is the one that I wanted to get now. It was affordable. There's just some basic ones on Amazon that I almost bought. They were like 65. And I'm so glad I did a little bit of research except for I'm not sure. Does this have a stand? Like I don't know. It doesn't. I'm stupid as hell. The fact of the matter is there's no stand, dude. Wait, there's nothing else in this. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Am I stupid? Yes. Wait. I knew there something was missing. How the heck did they just send a microphone and nothing else with it? For real? All right. Well, let me just figure this out. I'm getting strawberry washer and I'm going to film Tik Tok in my car because freaking spilled. All right, we have acquired the strawberry matcha and I must do a taste test. is the greatest. Okay, guys. I got the strawberry matcha. I have to record a Tik Tok. But if you live in Orange County, you have to try Inc. Coffee if you want a healthier alternative. I get the matcha and I do get the strawberry puree. There's a little bit of classic syrup in there, which just regular sugar, but then I get almond milk and I sub the extra strawberry syrup for sugar-free vanilla. And I get stevia on the side if I need it. I'm still going to enjoy the matcha and the real strawberry puree because moderation of everything. However, I can make a little adjustments. I have spilled everywhere on myself. Here we go. My phone's at 1%. Time for this pennies. This is the life, man. So, this is how the matcha girlies feel. I need to go on a hot girl walk. Like I actually have to go edit, but I didn't want to work in that coffee shop because I had to film in my car. Okay, sorry. I should just do a podcast and get a matcha and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do a podcast. Like I'm so inspired. You can't make me. Never going back. Never going back. They never take me. I f of petty dudes. I put enough of shitty news. I had a thing for dirty shoes since I was 10. Love today. I just All right, guys. Update of the night. I end up going on my home. Uh you know how like uh in pictures every time when kids draw someone they're sad they have like a funny place like this but when people are sad they're like wait I went on my walk that was like about an hour and then me and Dean walked to Target. We got a bunch of groceries and we're going to make dinner. Then we drove back to my house. I got You tell them. No, you tell them. For Declan's dinner, we're going to make fetuccini with chicken and parmesan cheese. No, you're wrong. It's chicken jockey. Chicken jockey. We're gonna watch some Minecraft movies soon. But yeah, Dean doesn't really come over. I usually spend the night by myself, so it's nice to bring him over. My parents were busy, so they don't even know he's gone. But let's make some dinner and wind down. I need to clean up, too. And I have to edit. So, while he eats and stuff, I'm going to do that. But I'm going to make butternut squash and chicken. And I'm going to have the same chicken as him. I'll show you. You want to open one? Yeah. This one. This one. Okay. Don't show the address. Oh, I'm going to leave your address. Cool. All right. Okay. Let's see what's in there. I knew it. What is this? Chicken steel. Quality is crazy. Okay, guys. Look at these glasses. Glasses. Glasses. Wait, wait, wait, wait. You can leave that in there. Oh, what is this? I got myself some glasses. Link in bio. I got these on Amazon. I bought them myself. Wa. I love these type of flashlights. Yes. I had these before and I broke. And they were my exx boyfriend's little sister, so I found them again. Yeah. Are you that out? You should look that up. These are so freaking cute. No, they're so freaking rigy. They're blue light glasses, too. Oh, wow. They really are blue like glasses. Can you throw this away for me? Thank you. Watch this, guys. I'm the next Michael AB Jordan. Throw this away, too. These complete the clean girl look. If you live with me, I would get a cat. All right. Uh, so you don't got to know where I've been waiting for this crispy diet. Okay, Diet Coke has actually been hitting differently like chicken. I don't like getting bloated, but like I've been drinking it and it's been good. What? I'm so happy that I can't believe even if he just plays his VR elephant and it's getting older and just love him. If you don't follow me on Tik Tok, you should. It's Last Airbender 22. I have an entire playlist called the Declan and Haley Show and it's just a bunch of videos of us. Anytime I'm sad or anything, I literally just go watch them. 12, 14, 15. I have so many vegetables that I want to make, but I don't want to get so bloated, but I genuinely want all these vegetables. So, I'm trying to just make smaller portions literally of my vegetables. Like, this is crazy. I have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] portion control veggies. I'm not even kidding. That's how much I like them. I'm doing a mini salad. This looks like a lot, but it's literally like 1/5 of a head of lettuce. I'm doing sweet potato, butternut squash that I'm trying to air fry. I already cooked this. And then I'm going to have chicken. I'm making Declan's. He's trying to figure out the Wi-Fi password, but I need my phone. He's what you are. He's what you what you want. What want. What you I got everything you want me. I do everything. And you don't got to know. I think you never Oh my god, this is going to be such a good dinner. And I don't give a damn. Watch me knock your boots off and I'mma love you, girl. Oh my god. Wait, let's pour it on your plate first. Look at that dinner. Oh my gosh, that looks amazing. That looks so good. I'm going to drop it. Top this. I'm almost 10 minutes into it. Tik Tok. Parmesan it up. Parmesan it up. Wait. Two. One. Delicioso. Look at that one's dinner. Try it. Wow. That is so good. How is it? It's amazing. I love it. Hola, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What? All right. I don't even know what I made for my dinner cuz I just made dumplings. But I took whatever I had left. Chicken, butternut, squash, potatoes. Fight through the pain. Clean up. What you want? What you want, guys? I'm still watching TV. I just cleaned up the kitchen and now I'm going to do my skin care before I make our yogurt bowls. I'm with you. Yeah. Okay. smell of your perfume. I thought I was immune. All right, I have to break the rules. My camera's about to die. Good morning, squad. It's actually the next day. I'm editing this video now, but I did a Pilates workout because Dean's left over. I just wanted to start my day off with a 45minute workout at home, which I've never done. I've done years and years ago, but I haven't done so long. And it was weird because I didn't sweat that much, but it was also really challenging and like strength training. And it was just like a random Pilates video. A lot of the moves I was just kind of doing my own, adding my own in there, and just a different style of workout. But I'm like, this is literally like I have to record this. Yeah, I did that for 45 minutes. Dean's still sleeping. I'm probably just going to clean up. I got some new packages. cuz I open the ones I opened the packages last night that Declan had from Define. This is the new Origin bra, Origin shorts. Literally so cute. Code gamer to save money. I'll show you what else I got. Yeah. You is the heart of a woman. Question is why I do the things I do. Answer I may never find but I'll always choose you. Want to give up on you, but I know I can't. I put the blame on you for giving you chance after that. That felt good. I just feel not tired. When I do my weighted workouts, I feel so gassed up, but now I just feel kind of like energized for the day. Maybe that's why all those Pilates buddies just like walk so much and are just always moving cuz they just always feel so great. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I tried a new style of editing and I'm honestly really excited for you guys to watch and just for me to create and be more creative. Like this is just so aesthetic and it's so I love it. I love it so much. So please let me know in the comments down below if you enjoyed this video. Share my YouTube channel to your friends. Please like help me. I don't know. But yeah, I love you guys so much. I hope you have an amazing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] day. Move your body today just to move your body. Also remember all of this is just I want to start ending my videos with a quote or a couple quotes to motivate you and inspire you for the rest of the day. So for today's quote, you are what you do, not what you say you'll do. And also the good old days, they are happening right now. The times that we look back on, oh my god, that time was so good. I remembered that. We likely just remember the good parts. So just enjoy the now. Be present. Enjoy today. Enjoy yourself right now watching this video. If you're on the stairmaster, if you're on the treadmill, if you're at home in your bed chilling, wherever you are, enjoy the now. Oh my god, I'm 20 years old right now in this body today. I'm here today. I'm not 80. I'm 20 years older. However old you are, you know what I mean? And last but not least, while you're doubting your potential, there are others out there that are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrified because of this. So get out there, go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grind, and show show up for yourself. all your life this time and I'll do a life. Another snippet I'm deciding to include in this video. If you want to be the runner girl, then go out and be the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] runner girl. Go out, move your body, and do it to feel good. That is that girl. If I ever lose you,

  Top Comments:
  1. @idilipekduman [25 likes]: I was watching this video, enjoying my healthy yogurt bowl in my little single-girl apartment—feeling inspired and empowered. Then it hit me: somewhere across the world, literally in Istanbul, Turkey :D, there’s a 21-year-old girl just like you, feeling the exact same way. I know I look good, I feel good, I’m grateful… yet still restless, chasing something I can’t quite name. It made me realize despite being oceans apart, maybe we’re all just living different chapters of the same consciousness, carrying the same struggles. So girls, u are not alone in this :')
  2. @ameliedaire2099 [2 likes]: UR LITTLE BROTHER IS SOOOO CUTE omg
  3. @SunflowersWellness [1 likes]: Just remember, chasing leads to exhaustion, then leads to burnout. Pray about each path you're about to take. Just because it can make you "happy" for a time doesn't mean it's what you need in your life or your families. Look for a hobby for yourself and something in addition to your family. As for your home, put up family photos and random pieces that show your personality and what you'd like to see every day
  4. @Occult_Cosplay: Honestly I find that gratitude and slowing down to look at everything around you that you’ve either worked for or accomplish, is what stops the constant chasing. When you realize you’re living what you’re chasing and also stop worrying about what the next thing you need to be that girl and realize that you are. Also just finding peace within urself and chasing personal goals (run 2 miles without stopping, read 510 books in a month, journal everyday for a year etc.) will bring u a lot of fulfillment. I saw a girl saying finding god is what helped her and I also just wanted to leave an option for those who aren’t into that (no judgement ofccc just not for me)!!
  5. @Its_paisleyIsabella: The peace and happiness u r looking for can only be found in Jesus Christ!! He is the only one that can bring us true happiness!! He died on the cross and rose again so that we could have a relationship with him!!! I hope u see this!! Literally luv u so so much which is why im telling u this!!!❤❤
  6. @catalinaserrano1366: You are literally the same face as @hit_isacu, just like a younger version. You both are gorgeous and inspiring tho
  7. @simonynjang: Hailey this wellness day is goals. Love the pilates, matcha, and healthy meals aesthetic - so motivating!
  8. @kwadcast: Listening to your body intuitively rather than forcing rigid routines creates sustainable wellness that doesn't feel like constant restriction
  9. @maferberganza8881: This feels so real ❤ thanks for a finally honest “a day in my life” ✨. You go girl, you’re original and amazing
  10. @wwilliamsfam: Just stumbled upon this video and wanted to let you know how inspiring and well-spoken you are. I resonated with a lot of the things you talked about in your video and it was so comforting to hear you experience the same thoughts I have! Thank you for being so open and honest about it <3
  11. @arianakiger3022: i keep hearing heart of a woman on the radio and i think of hailey EVERY TIME🙂‍↕️🥰
  12. @diyala9: Girl I totally get you because sometimes I’ll be like ok I’m dressing up and getting ready to go for a solo date because I’m that girl and I deserve it blah blah blah and then when I’m there I’ll be like “now what?” loll 😭 it sounds kinda depressing but idk I think Pinterest and social media really romanticize every thing so you start loving the “idea” of it only not actually doing it if that’s makes sense. I think you have to go and figure out yourself and what you really enjoy instead of just copying girls on Pinterest and try to follow an “ aesthetic”
  13. @mypisceandaydream: Ur so real. Love u sm, u inspire me
  14. @montibenz7096: Heyyy!! Does anyone know what platform she used to edit?
  15. @ameliedaire2099: Literally obsessed with your videos you're so real
  16. @Emily-P22: try praying over your apartment! it actually helps so much:)
  17. @laiajereztorres479: loved the editing!!! it was giving emma chamberlain and i am soooo here for it
  18. @nayellibaltazar6933: I needed to hear that quote😭💖 and you’re right while we wish to be as dedicated as someone else they are grinding harder than us so definitely we need to step up and do the thing we say we will do
  19. @SydneyAlexandraaa: Ok but what camera is this? It’s so crisp
  20. @laurenmiddleton4735: Love it

- 4am Morning Routine | how to set your day up for success: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a morning routine is so essential in order to set your day up for success it's a small little things that you do in the morning that give you a sense of peace and as I've been through trial and error of understanding what works and what doesn't work in my morning routine I feel like I found the perfect balance that helps me prioritize my mental physical and also getting me ready for the day and I understand that some of us may not be able to do every single thing that I show in this video but I want to make it clear that you do not have to do every single thing that I show in this in order to be successful hungry hey guys welcome back to the game I was just recently a guest on my first million you think you're working hard until you see what hard looks like and then you're like I wasn't even working nearly as hard but I see that as encouraging because it means that so many people have so much underutilized potential because they just haven't even learned how to work morning morning morning some people are so nice here I started running more recently and running gives me just gives me a different feeling I think it's the long distance where you are just in Silence with yourself and you're running and you want to give up but you continue to keep going and it's kind of similar to the gym but running gives you a different feeling because you're connecting with nature is journaling was the first thing that I started doing for my mental health that was a way where I emptied out all the negative thoughts that I would have I found a technique that I love to do when journaling writing out an affirmation for the day this is literally speaking things out into existence whether it's you are strong you are independent you are powerful you speak that out into the universe yes you have to take action but because you are putting that out into the world you will Attract it and then I always write about an intention for the day intentions are setting the tone for what you're going to do it's literally just reminding yourself I am going to have the intention to make sure I am using my time wisely I'm not wasting it or the intention to move my body by going to the gym or going for a run and then obviously a section for you to write about what you're grateful for and then one of the most important spaces that I do is my thoughts and my feelings things that are weighing heavy on my mind and just basically using it as a brain dump so I can think clearly and move on with the day so again all these things that I do in my morning routine whether it's for recovery for nutrition for mindset for Fitness for prayer for Faith you need to find what you enjoy doing best but I promise you when you find a morning routine that works for you it will be a moment that you look forward to will cherish it and you won't want to miss that time of the day because it's how you set your day up for success and so I hope you enjoyed this video I hope you find it useful and beneficial for your morning routine let me know in the comments below what you do in your morning or if you're going to start implementing some of these habits or if you already do so but thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @YasmineBoukeltoum [1 likes]: I really liked your morning routine Such a productive day
  2. @moonalissw [1 likes]: Muslims time intresting and useful I am muslims
  3. @DiarSastro [1 likes]: ❤ I have atomic habits book too
  4. @MdYasinArfat-ry1jg [1 likes]: Alhamdulillah I'm proud of islam ❤

I'm from Bangladesh
  5. @jeanwalker6776: Love this ❤ new to your channel my morning are my me time, I fit it sets out my day ❤
  6. @AbdulAbdul-gi7we: I love the point about journaling being a brain dump to help you think clearly. It’s such a simple yet effective way to protect your mental energy and set a positive intention for the day
  7. @Monremede: Salam just a question what is the pirpose of the hijab for you all sister ou wearing slim and hijab outfit
  8. @ftthjnjjss: I like thise 🇵🇸 area
  9. @nishas6110: Show off
  10. @laylanl12: We need morning routine 😭😭🙏🏻
  11. @НаргизШамшат: good
  12. @MmmHhh-j5w: What is the pdcst she is listening to ??????!!!!!!!
  13. @MmmHhh-j5w: What is the podcast she is listening to ???
  14. @Sewing_girl1: Whenever I feel distracted,I come back to this video.idk why but I just love her vibe and lifestyle.She’s living the life I always pray for,calm and productive💗💗💗 I’ve just started my journey.Thank you so much,I’m really grateful💗🫶🏻
  15. @alshimasalah1813: ❤❤
  16. @ShureybYuusuf: Masha allah tabarakalah🎉
  17. @Волчицаночи-ю1г: Интересно
  18. @affanahmedmohammed: Hejab🎉
  19. @assu1982: سگ برینه تو اون چفیه ت
  20. @Ibrahimshahvlogs: Clean

- Women & Wealth: Brigitte Ayoub, Certified Health Coach & Corporate Wellness Consultant: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Regina McCann Hess president of forge Wealth Management and welcome to our women in wealth series of a new friend with me today can you tell us who you are what you do and what you like about what you do of course my name is Brigitte u'b I am a business coach a meditation facilitator and I have a certification and integrative nutrition and I help women I kind of know a one-stop shop so I help women minimize burnout stress and manage life transitions which we're going to talk about and create the business and life that they love because I don't believe that we should be escaping from life more so enjoying it and creating a healthy workforce that creates a healthy life force mm-hmm yeah very good I mean you have a lot to offer thank you I'm very humbled to be here with you that's awesome well tell us some of the challenges that you faced as a professional woman absolutely so I think it began when I was looking to leave my corporate job and before even taking that leap of faith there was a lot of doubt or you know how are we gonna make this work from a financial standpoint but just overall and kind of every area of your life right so I think the biggest piece to that puzzle was understanding what that looks like because we expect that we're just going to make this decision and just kind of take this jump as professional women so for myself it was having those conversations with my husband and going what does this look like for us in the next six months 12 months 18 months out an exit strategy as far as what does that look like from a financial standpoint and how are we gonna make this work I think entrepreneurship is this very humbling experience but sometimes we over glamorize it and in that process the universe had humbled my family and I and we had experienced some of those life-altering challenges along the way including the loss of my father going full-time in the business so it was just a lot of pivotal moments that we've experienced so I had a lot to offer and realize that I needed to work through in those begin months of you know starting a business yeah and you did have a lot of a lot of change in your life there's a lot for any any time in your life to have that kind of change but especially when you're you know new new entrepreneur out there trying to figure figure your way to success right Wow Wow so I know you've talked to me about your family before how do you bendin because you do a lot for your family and I'm so impressed with that because that's how I live my life too so I love that tell me a little bit more about how you balance your your family and your work absolutely so I think first and foremost I have the background and health coaching and the integrative nutrition so I have a lot of that holistic experience and I'm very grateful for that at times it's not always easy because I'm human and I want to give my all and something that I've worked with clients on even in business coaching now is you can't show up for other people until you're showing up for yourself and we just as women we have perfectionist tendencies we as a society this isn't just women but in general we we're busy like a badge mm-hm and we are burning ourselves out part of the reason why I am so passionate about helping people understand how to minimize that so for me it's become and I'm still working on it to this day re-establishing and creating those strong boundaries and the most important person that those boundaries are vital for is my own personal boundaries because again we we want to just go full throttle but then that is when we are stressing ourselves out losing sleep I know not taking care of our bodies not nourishing ourselves and those are uncomfortable situations sometimes and having to have those conversations with the people around us that can be very tricky but I use this you know kind of saying with my clients is you know there's three types of self there's self list which is the one side of the spectrum selfish which is the other side and then there's something called self attending and that is the medium that's the meat and that's where we want to be and every day it's about figuring out what that looks like so for me strong morning routine making sure I am physically intact nourishing myself while drinking water getting sleep because when the physical space is there then mental and emotional would carry through Wow and that takes some time to build thank you so it really comes down to recognizing that you can't show up for other people until you are showing up for yourself and that sometimes is the hardest space to be him absolutely wow that's really impressive very impressive we've talked a little bit about some of the planning that you've had to do yes well you you know what part of that has helped you in your own life that you've had to do with your family absolutely so other than the first piece of entrepreneurship and just creating that plan you know my mom and father at the time unfortunately didn't have a lot of those conversations around you know the difficult pieces of end-of-life care and I think my siblings and I have been very humbled and grateful you know obviously we don't want to have seen my mother go through that experience but it taught us so much and I'm very blessed I grew up in a household where I did have strong you know family members and my brother is a financial advisor so I had that support too but it created this a you know strong sense of okay learning from this experience with my dad's you know loss and seeing what my mom is trying to do with all the real estate they had and the will and all these things what can my husband and I do now to take care of that my brother and I set up a special needs trust fund with my mother to help accommodate some special unique needs that my sister needs and that has been empowering because we want we want to address that now we want to have those conversations now because we we started to see what that was like in the past do you know what was going on with my parents so the ability to go okay we learned from this experience from a family standpoint professionally what am i doing about this for myself and my husband we learned a lot from there and then how can we help take care of family members loved ones in the process that is a huge lesson that you know it's huge but yeah that will take you very far in life I mean and I think it goes back to we usually learn more from our mistakes correct and our accomplishments correct well with that I want to thank you for joining me and thank you for watching us on our women in wealth series if you want to find more about us you can look for us on Facebook and Twitter at 412 and on LinkedIn there as Regina McCann Hess thanks for joining us

- Stop Copying Morning Routines. Do This Instead.: Kind: captions Language: en Let's clear this up. This is not another video telling you to copy an entrepreneur's 4:00 a.m. routine or do cold plunges and 25 things before breakfast because most people are doing morning routines completely wrong. They follow someone else's checklist and call it discipline. But a real morning routine is not about productivity. It's about brain science. And once you understand how your brain actually wakes up, you'll stop copying routines and start creating your [Music] own. Most people have the wrong idea about morning routines. They think it's about waking up at 4:00 a.m. uh crushing 15 tasks before breakfast and feeling unstoppable. But that's not a routine. That's a performance. A real morning routine isn't about productivity. It's about brain science. And to understand that, you need to understand how your brain actually wakes up. Because throughout the day, your brain operates on different frequencies like tuning into different radio stations. Each frequency puts you in a different mental state and supports a different kind of activity. Each morning when you wake up, your brain gently moves from delta and theta into alpha. This is a natural transition. And during this time, your body also starts to release cortisol, your natural wake up hormone. A mild cortisol rises healthy. It helps you get alert and moving. Your body is built to wake up gradually. A gentle rise in cortisol is your body's natural alarm clock. It helps you get out of bed and start the day. But when you wake up and immediately check emails or scroll Instagram or rush into a Zoom call, your brain skips the calm stage and goes into crisis mode. It's like going from 0 to 100 in seconds. Your cortisol spikes and your nervous system thinks there is an emergency. Now your body is on edge. Your heart is racing. Breath is shallow, thoughts are scattered. And if this becomes your morning pattern, your brain starts expecting stress the moment you wake up. That's why by 10:00 a.m. your mind already feels like it's running a marathon. You can't focus. You feel restless, distracted, like your brain spins. Even when nothing urgent happens, and by 2 p.m. you get exhausted. Not because your day was intense, but because your nervous system burned half your energy before the day even began. You didn't wake up tired. You just started your day in stress mode and your systems got exhausted. So this is where the real job of a morning routine comes into play to help your brain move gently from rest to rhythm, from alpha to beta, from dream mode to doing mode without shocking your system. When this transition is done right, your brain feels supported, your body feels safe, and your mind can wake up without rushing. But this is where most people get wrong. They overload them. They wake up at 4, run 5 kilometers, take a cold bath, journal, meditate, manifest, stretch, eat protein, do it all. By 9:00 a.m., they're not energized. They're already drained. See, a good morning routine isn't supposed to exhaust you. It's supposed to energize you. So if you're wondering, okay, then what actually works? I will tell you four fundamental but high return on investment habits that not only boosts your energy but also supports your mental and physical health. Number one, sunlight. Step outside and get natural light at least 20 minutes in the morning. This anchors your body's internal clock and regulates your cortisol, the hormone that controls your alertness, mood, and stress. Number two, movement. Walk, stretch, dance, do yoga, anything that gets your body moving. This signals safety to your nervous system and kickstarts your energy for the day. Number three, journaling. Empty your mind onto paper. It clears mental fog, helps your emotional brain process leftover thoughts from sleep, and gives your day a cleaner start. Number four, meditation or breath work. Even 5 minutes can settle your nervous system. It activates your parasympathetic nervous system, the rest and digest mode and sets a calm foundation for the day. Having said that, this is the golden rule of the morning routine. You choose the activities that give you energy, not what looks impressive. If journaling drains you, skip it. If running makes you tired in the morning, don't do it. Test different practices. Stick on to the ones that leave you feeling calm, clear, and awake. Give your brain a gentle warm-up. And when you tune your mind right, the rest of the day moves in rhythm. That's the real point of a morning routine. A good morning routine will help you start your day with clarity. You feel grounded, not rushed. Your thoughts are sharper. Your emotions are steadier. Your body feels lighter and more alive. Find your morning routine. It has the power to change how the rest of your day feels.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FLab-u6b [2 likes]: After I finded this channel my life is completely changed 📈 🎯🔥 thank a lot mam 💞 🙌🙌
  2. @prnkrnsngh: Why you copying Ravi Ashwin’s Accent 
Means why ?
  3. @editswithscd: Thanks mam😊
  4. @StockLeaderStockleader: Perfectly Said Ma'am ..Thank You
  5. @nareshkumar-t5j1d: 👌🫂🙏 love you
  6. @poojalingayat4694: 1000% agree with you…. By 10am we feel drained if we are rushing our morning routine
  7. @madhukannang3066: Quarantine 
Is my 
Routine......
Gaye 
Unable to Skip ..

❤
  8. @Madhusoodhanankn: Thanqu, give proper comfort  to brain insted to strain.
  9. @anubhar6532: Thank you so much ma'am.Good Information
  10. @PadmaVasu-v2l: Brilliant advice for youngsters
God bless you
  11. @WeNarroWedIT: great
  12. @merejeevandayanidhirao8410: Thank you ❤
  13. @chandrikasaha6301: sounds good but not practical. If I don't run in the morning I don't get to run at all. Morning I need to cook breakfast within a fixed duration. After everything when i sit to do focus requiring task my brain is exhausted.
  14. @KalavtiKala-p4l: Good luck  Really A great message  may l know the wellness place om shakthi
  15. @ImIma-i7u: Thanks....Much needed guidance ❤
  16. @sanviahmed8147: grate advice 
top 4 rules 
top 3 rule 
absolutely brilliant advise
  17. @Kumari-f8m: I trust Planet Ayurveda Brahmi Capsule for its natural and effective results.
  18. @sanketsharma0113: If you journal at night then what is there to write in morning?
  19. @Arpithachaaru33gmail: Thank you mam ❤
  20. @Thecook-ingworld: Thank you so much mam you made me from weak to the strongest..... In every vedio i watch ❤

- From Broke to Millionaire at 26 | Money Mindsets with Afnan Khalifa: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello and welcome back to the show. If you're new here, I'm Sheen, your host, and this is the final episode of our building wealth for women series brought to you by Pepperstone. Honestly, throughout this series, we've learned so much. We've learned about the economic state of the world currently, where it's going, what is happening with gold, how to invest in crypto, real estate, shares, trading. We've discovered it all. We've also talked about how to live a purposeful life while building wealth. But today, I want to wrap up the series by talking a little bit more about money mindsets and especially all the unlearning that needs to happen, especially with women when it comes to building wealth. Which brings me to our powerhouse guest of today, Afnan Khalifa. I'm super excited to welcome Afnan on here because she is a branding expert. She has done so much to help women around the world when it comes to financial independence, but also she used to be a waitress in Canada and now she has built an empire worth multi-million dollars. So, please join me in welcoming Afnan. Hi, Afnan. I'm so honored to be here. I'm super excited for this chat. I think I feel like I've seen so much of your content online and and we've talked online, but today I can finally learn from you in person. I get to experience us together in a in one room. So, I'm excited. I know this will be a great chat, but to start with, why don't you give our audience a little bit of context about your career so far. So, what I love mostly about, you know, my career or my story is it's so relatable. It's nothing like crazy that I've faced, crazy traumas. It was just like the usual regular struggles that women go through. Mhm. Um, so I was born in Canada, but I was raised 18 years in Saudi Arabia. I'm originally Palestinian. So I I was telling you I was I had like cultural shock living 18 years in Saudi and then moving to Canada when I was 18. Um, in Saudi, you know, women are taught to, well, in Middle East in general, women are taught to not be seen, be invisible, obey, you know, don't be obedient. Well, don't be like a rebel. Be obedient. And what's funny is, you know, the culture I was raised in taught me to be obedient, but the parts of me that rebelled, that's the ones that made me successful, free, and powerful. And this is what we don't talk about. It's like as a woman don't don't be rebellious. But we have to be rebellious at some in some things while still of course never disrespecting our culture or our families or where we come from. But challenge, you know, the norms that we're just supposed to live a certain way when are we really or is it just people and the culture are telling us? What is God telling us? Mhm. Because when I was raised uh 18 years, I have two brothers and one sister and she's younger than me, my sister. So my mom and dad would always be like, "Well, you're just a girl. Your brother can do things, but you're just a girl. You can't do it." And it's like, "Well, in religion where the things that you're talking about, that's not true because we both can do certain things and not do certain things." Mhm. And I always just grew up like questioning like why can't I have the power? Why can't I make my own money? Why can't I be on social media? Why can't I have opinions? Why can't I just, you know, do all the things that I wanted to do? So, I felt like in a cage for 18 years and then I went to Canada. I'm like, finally, it's like I'm just going to run away. And then I get there, but you don't realize we're still chained with all the beliefs that we were raised with. of course, all the the guilt, the parents' expectations, the the culture that we were raised with. So, even when I was in Canada, I still had that holding me back in so many areas in my life where I always felt like I'm too much, I'm too loud. Um, and then it's funny, you know, I love God. He like just God does truly magic in my life. And when I was in Canada, when I was, you know, from age one to 18, I was always that girl that felt like I need to be validated. I need people around me. If I'm alone, I'm sad. I'm like, I need company. I could not be on my own because to me, that just felt like I have no power. I am weak. I am invisible. So, I always attached my worth to either friends, family, or just having someone with me. Mhm. So, what does God do? He's like, "Oh, honey, let's teach you a quick lesson." When when you're young, God decides that I'm going to move to a whole new country with total different culture, right? Where I don't really speak the language. Well, he also decided that I'm not going to meet anybody that I feel so connected with. So, I'm not going to feel comfortable. seven years in Canada and I have not met one like friend or person that I'm like oh my god I feel so comfortable like I have you. It was always like you're a good person but I always felt different. I always felt it I always felt like I don't belong in places like I'm so different. So I had to isolate myself and I was alone in so many times in my life whether working, hustling, and on top of that he said on top of that we're going to make sure you're broke when you're in Canada where your dad is not sending you money although you've never worked a job in your life because you're in Saudi right and women don't work but we're going to make sure you go there and now you're going to have to beg for jobs apply your resume to like 20 30 50 locations and all rejecting you cuz you're going to understand that rejection is just God's protection. Mhm. And that's okay because he's going to align you. I wanted to work in retail so bad cuz everyone was working in retail, right? He's like, "No, that's not your superpower. So, we're not going to get you in retail. We need you to be a waitress." And now people might be like, "Well, a waitress, why why does God want you to be a waitress?" Well, we can only connect the dots looking backward, not forward. Because back then I'm like, why is every why is every place rejecting me? But now looking at it, that was the biggest blessing in my life to work in so many restaurants because that teaches you communication. That teaches you to read the room. That teaches you how to before you go to a table, you want to see is it a girl and a guy and you need to only talk to the girl or is the girl like in LA and you talk to the guy? Is it a bachelor party with all men and you need to like be professional but still entertain and make sure they're having a good time? Is it a family where you need to so all these communication skills that I had learned in you know two three year years while serving is what made me millions of dollars today. Mhm. So I had to go through that. I had to talk to so many people and um while being isolated, while being alone, while feeling so lonely like what's the point? I'm just working. I'm just grinding and I'm barely making any money working two three jobs. But that just at a young age when and I'm grateful that all all the struggle happened at a young age is a good thing. Sometimes we we like, you know, we look at it, it's like, "Oh my god, my childhood was so hard. My teenage years was so hard. I would rather that be hard and learn all the lessons like God. Okay, let's let's get the lessons out of the way. Let's get the lessons out of the way. I'm ready for the blessing. Let's go. I'm give it to me all in one year. So, when I have a a full like intense a lot of lessons in one year, I'm like, "Okay, God, we've learned enough. What's the blessing? What's the blessing? I'm waiting for it." Right? And of course, there's always a blessing. But that all made me, you know, the Afnan that you see today where I don't need someone else to validate me to feel validated. I know what I bring to the table. I know what power I hold. I know I can touch any woman and make sure she is a better version of herself financially, emotionally, uh physically by just being around that woman or even another man. For example, um you know, my friends always, you know, I love my friends because I've met a lot of, you know, girls here in Dubai and, you know, when they came here, they were making, you know, good money, okay money. But then they're around me and I'm just talking all these crazy big numbers because in business I'm around a lot of men, right? That they're like, "Yeah, I made a million dollars, you know, in stocks today." I'm like, "A million in one day?" So, I'm like, "Okay, well, maybe making a $100,000 in one day is not that hard because you're talking about a million." So my small little goals are not as crazy as yours, right? Um and I love channel channeling the same dulu the delusion that we have into other women like yes of course you can make $20,000 a month, $30,000 a month, $100,000 a month, $500,000 because I've seen the men do it and men although they're hardworking people, they can't multitask. Mhm. They don't have the attraction. They don't know how to attract. They just force things. We can have things way easier by the presence, by attracting, by aligning without the grind, without the grind. So, past 7 years, I just, you know, it's cool to make a lot of money, but it's cooler to say I've helped so many women go from broke to like, wow, I really have the power to make any money I want. because anything is learnable. It's just a skill. I agree. And I think you've touched on so many important things here. ADHD. Oh, don't worry. Me, too. Me, too. This conversation is going to go all the way. Let's just let's just be ready for that. Strap in. Um, but I do think it's really impressive, right, what you've done coming from, especially I think us women, you have being a woman, you have being a woman of color, you have the religion, you have the culture. All of this are different kind of shackles that we need to figure out ourselves. What part of it do you want to take with you and what part of it you want to leave behind. But in your experience on this like wonderful journey you've had so far, what has been the biggest unlearning that you had to do? Well, when it comes to money, it's like if money did not come from, you know, my my parents, my past, it can come from me for my future. like I can be this is not just a a man thing it's also a woman thing like I can change the trajectory of our family and our future family for the rest of our lives. It just takes one person that is crazy enough to believe that you can achieve everything that you want to achieve. And if you believe it and if you're crazy enough to just keep believing and keep working and stack as many successful actions because if you stack as many successful actions the success is going to come. It's going to be inevitable. It's impossible for you to not do the right things and not get results. But when when we look at people that are successful, you're like, "Oh my god, she's such a good speaker. I can't be like her." I used to be I have a video on my Instagram that I was presenting in front of uh my university for like a um a project and I could not look people in the eye. I would look on the ground. I was like shaking. So no, I was not a good speaker. I was I did not have the right mindset. I was a victim. I, you know, just all the negative things that we all feel, I felt them. But just know that you can change all of that. You just need to believe that you can be something else. Which what helped me a lot is I have an alter ego. Okay. Do you have an alter ego? I have an alter ego. Okay. What's her name? Um, it's the Afnan Khalifa, which is my Instagram handle. Oh my god. So, Afnan Khalifa, regular Afnan Mhm. sometimes is scared. Sometimes she's like, "Well, God, am I good enough to help someone else or to do this? Am I big enough?" Um, before I walk on stages, I'm like, "Why do all those people want to listen to me?" Like, what? But then I'm like, "No, the Afnan Khalifa knows that she's helped and served so many people, and it's never about her. It's about the message that's going to impact someone else." uh the Afnan Khalifa. She walks in, she puts on a whole mask, she's confident, she knows what she brings to the table, she's bold, she's powerful, she takes up space, not because she's loud, but because her presence, people are going to feel it. Afnan at home, she's just like, I just want to be loved and I just want to be cared for and I just want to have people around me that, you know, accept me for who I am because growing up, I was not accepted for who I am. I was only accepted for the version that my parents thought I should be. Um, and that creates like, wait, am I am I not that good enough for you to not, you know, love me for just who I am with my flaws and everything. So, yeah, just unlearn. There's so much that you can unlearn. But the biggest thing is like anyone that is successful, they're not that special. And the more you get to know them, you're like, you're really not that special. You're just another human that have done this for just longer, more reps. Just like you're at the gym, right? The more reps you have, the more the muscle is going to grow. And this is why you're good at it. This is why you're a good speaker. This is why you can touch people. This is this is why you have all these qualities only because you've done it longer enough for more times. That's it. I agree. I think especially what you said when it comes to meeting more and more people who are successful and then you realize that there is an element of luck for sure. There's an element of being gifted, but they've just done the work. And even when it comes to social media, you realize how many people just give up. Even with podcast, apparently, if you do just like 10 episodes, you are in the top 1% in the world. So, people don't even do 10 episodes. No, they don't. They don't even keep up with 10 episodes. And I think that's the main thing because a lot of people whenever you talk about things like, you know, build your wealth or build your confidence and for example earlier you just said you can make $100,000 a day. A lot of people will see that with a lot of cynicism and they that's she's just saying that it's really hard because people are not ready to see that. And I'm sure because you work one-on-one and stuff with people, you must get this push back a lot, right? where people just don't believe that these things are possible. How do you address that? Well, I tell them uh first of all, I put myself in their shoes. When I started, yes, of course, I I'm like 100,000 a month. What do you do with that? And then you make it and you're like, "Wait, this is not enough money. I need more. I need more cuz things are getting more expensive." But I always give goals depending on where someone is. If you're making only $2,000 a month, if I tell you 100,000, you're like, "What are you talking about? you you just sound crazy, right? So, if someone has a is making 2,000, okay, well, let's help you like I'm talking to their level of conscious about money, right? Let's help you make 5,000. Let's get there. Let's double whatever you're making. And then you get there. So, that builds up because now you're achieving. And every time you achieve whether it's small or big, you start adding, you know, blocks of confidence to like on on the stack where you're like, "Wait, I did that. I did that. Okay." And then you start thinking bigger. Okay, if I did 5,000, I can do maybe 10,000. And then you give them the next step. Mhm. Um, and I just honestly love reverse engineering everything. I was so good with math when I was in high school. like I was an A+ student. Biology, geography, C Z failing. But anything like problem solving, I'm like, "Yes, let's solve the problem." Cuz I love solving problems. And I think it helps me a lot with business cuz any problem is like, "Give it to me." A new one every day in business. Every hour I'm like, "Give it to me. I'll take it." Um, but I like reverse engineering things like, "Okay, well, what can we do to get you to $5,000 a month? what can we do to get you to 10,000. Okay. Well, we can do XYZ. So, this will make you this much money a day and then this and then if we combine them, boom, boom, that's 10,000 a month. And they're like, oh, okay, that that does not sound so. As long as you're reverse engineering on like, what do we need to do to actually get there? Just give them the steps and then they get there and then slowly they start believing like, wow, you're right. 50,000 a month is not a lot. 100,000 is. So, one of my girls, she moved here from Iraq. um she's such a smart woman and she was already successful in the beauty industry and then she would hear me all the time like I cannot like we need like this person is making like 500k a month we need to do that and she's like are we talking about like pesos dirham or dollars what currency what Iraqi uh what is it you know like what are we talking about I'm like no dollars and as the the longer you are around people that talk big and are achieving big, you start becoming like brainwashed. So I tell people I brainwash my girls into believing like yeah you can make any number. So in the beginning it's like okay if not it's cool what you're making just help me make the an extra 5,000$10,000 and then we get there and you're like okay and then a couple months later boom she made $50,000 a month and it's like wow how did I make that now she's like okay well let's make the next step. So, I love brainwashing women into believing like number one, you can achieve anything that you want. Number number two, we're not leaving the money for the men. It's so much fun doing business. It's especially the right business, right? Something that aligns with you. It's it's powerful. You feel like I am progressing every single day. And I don't only look at my goals. I look at the day-to-day journey. Like we laugh, me and my friends over like, "Oh my god, can you imagine 2 years ago? We're literally struggling for with this thing and now it's the easiest thing, but we don't think of only the good moments. We always look back at the hard moments that we overcame." So, I love the hard moments. I love the lessons. I love all the spice that, you know, my life has cuz it's like it's a movie. It's a movie and I love the ups and the downs because it's spicy. It's not a boring life. It's a very spicy life. I love that. But, you know, can you especially for the audience, can you give us an example of a woman that you helped? You know, like even if it's fictional, but what do they do and what what do you take them from to where? Quick break for a word from today's sponsor. Are you looking to turn global trends into trading opportunities? Meet Pepper Stone, where top tier trading tech meets competitive pricing. Trade forex, commodities, shares, and indices with ultra low spreads starting from zero on a Razer account. Fast execution, check. 245 support, check. Plus, you can trade on MetaTrader, C- Trader, Trading View, and more. And don't worry, they're fully regulated by top financial authorities worldwide. So, why wait? Trade smarter with Pepper Stone today. There's a link in my bio for you to check it out. And a huge shout out to Pepper Stone for supporting building wealth for women through this podcast. Thank you. This is so cheesy, but the first thing is working on the mindset because again, if you don't believe that you can get there, it's not going to happen. You have to literally like I know it's a Tik Tok and Instagram trend that the Dulu is the Salulu, but I'm telling y'all, you have to be delusional about your goals because we're so delusional about everything else. We're delusional about, oh, I'm not good enough. What are you? Oh, I'm not good-looking enough. I'm not this. I'm not that. Because that's delusion. That's not facts. So, why can't we be delusion about the positive things? Um, so of course fixing that foundation first, right? You know, the the building brick and then, you know, depending what industry they're in, it's like, so can you help any industry? Of course. Okay. Let's say let's say you're doing podcasts. Yeah. Well, let's find more ways that we can capitalize and make money as someone who does podcasts, right? So, is it maybe, you know, we're going to put it on Spotify, YouTube, boom, that's multiple sources of income. Is it we're going to charge some guests that want visibility to be on the podcast, right? Is it maybe starting a movement and a community of women that want to do podcast, right? um or maybe get specific insights that you're teaching from all the guests that you've hosted. Um are we going to open our own podcast studio? Are we going to have an a product product? There's so many that you can do and it doesn't have to do like people talk about multiple sources of income as in yeah let me tap into 10 different industries and have 10 um 10 businesses right now. 10 businesses. Yeah. First of all, I can already tell that it's none of them are big enough. Because the more you understand how much a successful business takes energy mentally and maybe not physically cuz you can hire people, but mental capacity, you're going to realize you cannot do multiple business and run them successfully to the highest level all at the same time. Now, you can make money and then put money in other things and invest it. Sure. But I believe in multiple sourc sources of income from one thing that we've already mastered instead of just 10 different industries, right? So yeah, any industry, money is everywhere. Money is literally it's the easiest thing. The easiest thing to do is to make money. The hardest thing to do is to get married, which which people do it easily. So how are we like let's think about it. Marriage is way harder than a business. a business, you just run it. It's facts. It's less emotions. Marriage, you're literally locking yourself with a person for the rest of your lives. And you guys got to be there when you wake up, when you go to sleep, you better align. You better like each other. You better enjoy every meal together. And if it fails, it brings a lot of a lot of heaviness to so many people, the men, the women, the children, that's the families that's involved. So yeah, if people can get married easily, we can run businesses easily. I love that. But you're almost like a life coach at this point, isn't it? So, you help people think about their businesses and then do you walk them through the strategies of how to make money basically through these different ways? 100%. Okay. But for you, when was the moment where the switch happened when you the first time you made a big amount of money and how much was it and how how did it feel? Well, I've had multiple $100,000 days and then you're like the first one the fir the first one. How did it feel? Yeah. First of all, you get excited for 10 minutes and then you're like, "Okay." And then like this is what's next. But this is all the achievements, right? It's like this is why I tell people don't get attached too much to the goal because you're like even like buying nice things. Like you buy your dream car, it's like it's nice for like three business days and it's like it's just another car, your house. It's just like you get used to it. Um, I was excited. I was very proud of, you know, everything that God has put me through because without the lessons, I wouldn't have standards. I wouldn't have the vision. I wouldn't have my boundaries. I wouldn't have become the Afnan that it is today. M the only difference between me and so many people is I fail every single day in so many areas in my life. Relationship wise I'm failing but I'm learning how to become a better woman, how to become a better partner to my future partner. In business I'm failing like how why I'm you know sometimes I speak on stage and I'm like well that was not so good. So next time we're going to do XYZ. We're going to prepare more. um you meet people, businesses, but yeah, it feels it feels great when you achieve something. You see my ADHD? You feel great when you achieve something and then it's always what's next. So, I just had to learn to be grateful for the process and enjoy the process because then you're just going to be empty and shallow. That's true. And you know what they say that you should not be attached to the outcome because the outcome might look different to what you wanted. God, maybe God want a whole different plan for you. just focus on the input. And what what was the first time? So you were in Canada and you were doing all these odd jobs. Little broke a nan at the time. Very broke. So what what then took you out of that life? What was the first business you did? I just want to touch base on little broke of none. Yeah. But she never felt like a victim. Exactly. She always felt like, okay, we're a server now. We're going to be the best server ever and we're going to learn so much and we're going to enjoy so many moments. So, I would make everything fun and enjoyable. I'm never suffering and I know it's only a season because I know there's another season that's going to be more powerful and God is going to put me there. But right now, there's lessons that we have to learn and once we learn it, then the blessing is going to come. So, I'm never like, "Oh my god, why I'm here?" It's good. We're here. Let's I like that. You know, let's not think about why is this happening to me? But I'm enjoying it. This is temporary. we'll move on. Yes. Bad relationship, bad business, bad friends, all of that. It's like perfect. Now I know my blessing is closer because I've went through that. But um you know, I remember I was working um two jobs. I was a server at a restaurant and then I was a manager at a restaurant. And ironically, I was making more as a server than a manager. So make it make sense. But in Canada, of course, we have tips. So you make a lot from that. And I was of course a character. I'm going to entertain this table. I'm going to make sure you guys have the best meal of your life. Um, and I take on like pride in like, yes, I'm going to be the best server you've ever experienced in your whole journey. And how old were you then? I did it 18, 19, 20. Wow. Very young. Yeah. Three years. And then 21. Um, I was going to school at the same time, university. Uh, I had like six courses, two, three jobs. I didn't have a car, so I was I would commute uh an hour and a half going, an hour and a half coming back. I would literally sleep 4 hours. And me thinking I'm a superwoman, I would also go to the gym. It's like, let's be fair, 4:00 a.m., too. Um, so by the time I was 21, I was exhausted. I was like, how do people do this until they're 50, 60? I'm I'm tired. like not just physically but like emotionally I had no friends um family I wouldn't even see them. We live in the same house but I was not seeing them because I was literally always outside doing something and I was also doing like on the side like fashion cuz I'm like maybe I want to be in fashion like you know I by 21 I was just like I'm tired I'm ready God give me something that will make me a lot of money without having all this hustle and physical labor. I just did not appreciate the physical labor like God please like just show me another way and then God always sends you sign you just got to pay attention. I started seeing women making the same money that I was making as a server but online and that was before co so it was not like very common to make money online. Uh and that woman was similar age as me and I'm like you make that online from investing in the financial markets and doing sales. And then I looked at her, I'm like, "You're this little cute, you know, and she's Asian." I'm like, "You're so cute. Like, if you can do it, I can for sure do it." You know what I mean? It's like, "You look so innocent, so, you know, lovely." And she was younger than me. And I'm like, "Yeah, for sure I can do it." And that's when I was like, I saw what she did and I knew how much louder, bolder I am and I'm like, we can do that. Mh. And I just followed someone else's steps. People always try like, "Let me reinvent the whole wheel." And like, "Why? Why are we making it so hard? Let me follow someone exactly that did it, get there, have the same results, learn from them, be close to them, and then once you once you achieve that, you can expand beyond or go learn from someone else." And that's exactly what I did. Mhm. M I became a shadow like yeah let's let's hang let's hang around while you know I bought into this is why I love programs mentorships masterminds events I'm the biggest fan of all of this because it's just shortcut to success you can spend watching YouTube taking it the longer route on like you figuring out a whole business on your own or you can just learn directly from someone that did it Mhm. by paying the price. And I would rather pay the price because time is more expensive than money. And that's how it happened. And you know, one thing leads to another. It's like, okay, I just wanted to make $3,000 a month. If I make 3,000, I'm good. I'm making the same money that I make at my job, but from the comfort of my home, right? And then you get there and then there's a new level of time. Yeah. Wow. And the reason I asked this is let's say if we were to take you back to that time where you had to make that decision and would you still make the same decisions you did or would now that you know everything that you know I wouldn't change anything. Yeah. Because I think God is the best planners and he planned my life and all our lives exactly in a way for a reason. Everything that I've been through in my childhood God planned it because look look how I turned out. I had to learn some lessons. I had to experience some uh feelings, some thoughts when I was younger, feeling like I don't belong to places. I'm so different I don't align with so many people. It's like I would be around so many people, but I would feel so lonely cuz no one gets me, like really gets me. And then I would have to match their energy or match their vibe. But that's not that's not real like happiness when you're just not being yourself. Um so yeah, I think God is the best planners and I I trust God. so much because he never takes anything away from you. He just takes things from you to give you better and replace it always with something better. That's so true. Always. Always. It's never a downgrade. It's always an upgrade in every area. Yeah. And you know, I think that whenever you ask God for something, you get three answers. Either you get yes, not now, or I have something better for you. And I think that's such a beautiful way of looking at life. So you you never miss anything that you don't have or you don't get. It wasn't mine. No, it wasn't mine. No, it wasn't. Um, but what advice would you give to someone who, let's say, um, is trying to make their first, let's say, they have a job. They're already working on something. They're trying to make a first $1,000 extra on the side online. Find your favorite girl on social media that does an online business and learn from her. And even if that business was not the business that you are going to be in, but you're going to learn so much and your mind is going to open to possibilities. You're going to see other women whatever program she has, event she has, go to it. But you're not going to figure out uh a new level in the same environment that you're in. M that environment is the same friends, family, job. That's an environment that you're in. The faster you get out of your environment that you're in, the faster you're going to have your mind open to new possibilities because you just don't know what you don't know. But there's so many things that we don't know. And the faster you know them, the faster you're going to be like, "Oh, wow." Okay. Making money is not hard. It's the easiest thing. Talking about things we don't know, I feel like everybody's saying that crypto is a scam. How do you feel about that? God forgive them for they do not know what they do not know. I mean, I mean, I made um I made my first million from crypto. Okay. Um it can be gambling. It can be a scam if if you're just like listening to anyone on social media telling you, "Oh, just invest in this coin." Cuz Tik Tok was very big with that. And it's like no like get educated know why we're investing in this in in investing in in general whether it's um stocks crypto or the foreign currency exchange there's always a risk. Mhm. Right. There's always a risk. You need to have knowledge. Um you need to have risk management as well. Like I mean if you put all your money and then things go wrong cuz things can go wrong. That's that's the name of the game. But you can also make a lot of money if luck is by your side and if you learn the true fundamentals of investing. Mhm. Yeah. And I think honestly most of it comes down to people not being willing to learn. Yeah. And then just thinking this is foreign. I don't know it. Just put it away. It's not for me. I But here's the thing. We just think that we forget that everything that we know today, we've learned it. We didn't know how to walk. We learned how to walk. We didn't know how to drive a car. We learned. I didn't know how to do my job as a waitress and talk to people properly. I had to learn that. So why when we get to a certain age, which is usually mid20s, 30s, you're like, I can't learn that. That's that's not for me. No, I can literally learn anything. We're humans. We're we're created by God to be. We're not animals. We're even animals can learn. But us, we have all the brain cells. Don't get me into biology cuz I'm not going to name everything that we need to name. But God created us in a way that we can learn anything. So you're the one limiting yourself by your beliefs that oh this is not me as a person. Oh, I don't know this. I don't know is the biggest lie we tell ourselves. How how long did it take you to understand the world of crypto? Um still a journey. Trump coming in destroying everything and then recession this it's it's definitely a a learning journey. It always helps to be around people that are investing into crypto as well because investing in the financial markets can be very lonely. Mhm. In all the financial markets and sometimes you're like doubting yourself, questioning what's happening cuz it's it's the unknown. There's no for sure. If there is for sure, everyone would be rich and happy from investing and trading. But when you surround yourself by people that are doing it as well and everyone's doing research, as long as you win more times than you lose, you should be good. It's the long game, right? Yeah. Um, and if I were to take you back again before um, you came onto your new VFAN Khalifa, the alter ego, the alter ego, and if we were to give you, let's say, $1,000 at the time where you didn't have extra money, where would you have invested that money in yourself in 100%. Yeah, 100%. I mean, $1,000 into anything, what is it going to turn to? It's not going to change my life. If I invest in me, if I learn branding, how to build a personal brand, sales, that's I think every woman should learn how to create an online brand, whether it's with your face or not with your face. And learn how to sell these two. If you learn it, you'll be success. You'll never be broke. Impossible. You can sell anything. I can sell anything. Give me anything. You want us to go on the street and sell this cup? we're going to go and we're going to make a lot of money selling this cup. Uh real you can really make so much money if you learn just these two skills. Branding will make it so much easier because sales will make you a lot of money but you always have to sell to make money. So it doesn't give women that soft life that we aspire to have. Uh it doesn't give as much freedom because it's oneonone always. But then when you build a personal brand and you combine it with sales, game over. You'll never be broke again. We were talking about this earlier, right, about how um we really undervalue social capital because nowadays we live in a digital world. So everyone is looking for people who have social presence who because you can bring a community together, you have influence and I think that's why you're so right about building a personal brand is super important. Um but do you think we will reach a point where it will be too saturated if everyone is online? Uh I think it's already you can look at it and people can say social media is saturated. Everyone wants to be an influencer. Everyone wants to look like they make it. But you can easily recognize the people that have substance that are really teaching you something or making you feel something or challenging your thought process um or the views that you have about life. And these are the people that are going to always stand out because they're going to dominate that niche that they're in. Whatever the niche is, whether you're a hair stylist, makeup artist, podcaster, you know, about uh making money, whatever you have, clothing line, you can always be so different. But the biggest reason why most influencers are broke is they try to blend in and not stand out. Oh, let me see what others are doing. I'm going to do the same. You can do that, but then why would someone follow you instead of someone else? Yeah. Like there are strategies that you can follow that work on social media, but then who are you? That image that you're putting up on social media is not serving you. It's making you invisible. You're right. And and if you look at everybody who blows up randomly, right? Like we've seen a lot of them recently. It's always because it's so different from anything else. Yeah. And we think, oh, social media is done and dusted now. But there's always something new that comes out and then you're like, okay, you can innovate. You just never know what to do, you know. For me, what blew my mind it was um that that boy who was doing the cucumber salad. German. Yes, I tried it. Great salad. So then we all started doing and it's something as simple as just making a salad. Cucumber salad. Yeah. Imagine. And then this blew up and it went everywhere. But it was just like very unique and iconic and we've never seen it. We've seen chefs, but we've never seen someone only making that style of quick salads. Yes. So, see, there's still so much room for us to do everything in every niche. Every niche. But, um, now a more targeted question. I've actually seen you speak about this online where, and I loved it when you said, um, what was it? The rich trust their vision and doubt their fears, but the poor do the opposite. Yeah. So do you feel like because my question here is do you think anybody can make money or some people just doomed by their limiting beliefs? I think anybody can make money for sure but they are doomed by their beliefs. So until you change that and you start I'm pretty sure you have fears of course I'm pretty sure I have fears every single time I'm trying something new and even at this level like if you talk to me 2 weeks ago I'm scared I'm like this is so new I don't know how to do it and it's like okay I'm scared but what am I going to do am I just going to submit to the fear or am I going to attack the fear face the fear challenge it deal with it so it's never it's not a fear anymore because it's going to remain a fear. As long as am I I'm like, "Okay, I'm scared of it and I'm just sitting in the corner being scared by this little fear that I have." It's going to always be a fear until I take up the fear like, "Okay, let's go. Let's do it." The faster you can just truly like shut down your emotions and just start thinking just a little bit logical, just a little bit, like actually shut down, shut off your emotions. Uh what I love to do is um I like sitting in silence because that just makes things so much clearer. When you're sitting in the dark or taking a walk on the beach and just in silence, no phone, no notifications, no friends, no people and the world is quiet. You start just thinking about things in your life and what do you actually want? And once you start thinking what like what do you forget what your family wants, what your friends want from you, what society, culture, what the world expectation, forget everything that you have today. What do you really want from your life? How do you want your life to look? And the longer you sit with yourself in the dark thinking about that logically, the sooner you're going to be like, you know what, I don't want this. Like, I don't want this. I want this. And it's okay to change. It's okay to change your mind. My beliefs change all the time. My opinions change all the time. Like maybe today I'm going to say something and then next year we're going to have another podcast and I'm going to be like, "You know what? I said this, but now I've experienced something and I don't believe it anymore." And it's okay in business, in relationships, in friendships. It's okay to change your mind. You don't have to, you know, marry your beliefs for the rest of your life. You need to marry a person for the rest of your life, not your beliefs. No, you're right. And I think we are always scared of I can't make such statements because what if I change my mind tomorrow? But then it's good to change your mind. It means that you're receptive. You're growing. You're realizing your limitations. Um for sure. But okay, you've talked about marriage now. We're going there. We're going there. So, you know, when it comes to money, we keep hearing the whole 50/50. I don't do coffee dates and all of that. Where do you sit on that situation? I just feel like when you are especially because of my brand, my personal brand, how I show up, I have never attracted any 50 because 50/50 men are so scared. They're like, "She's going to eat me alive." And yes, I will eat you alive. Because I've never had that conversation with a man that wanted to like get to know each other. It's like I feel like they're scared to ask for 50/50 cuz if they say 50/50, I'll be like, "It's okay. Don't worry about it. I got it." Yeah. I'll pay for both of us. Yes. But you'll never see me again. But I'll pay and then he'll learn a lesson forever to never ask a girl for a 50/50. Um, but this is what I mean by branding helps you position yourself with authority, with respect. Your values are on social media. the boundaries are on social media. So people makes it easy to meet somebody when they already know where do you stand, what's your values. They're not trying to, you know, switch your mind. Your mind is all over social media. They cannot switch nothing. Um, so I've been blessed with, you know, people in my life, whether it's friends, family, or relationships, that only treat me with the highest standard because I I can't it's like I'm just going to remove myself if the standard is low. Do you know what you reminded me of? I think it's Nicki Minaj, right? Where they were like, "Would you take the on a plane, would you take the window seat?" And she was like, "Yeah." They were like, "But not the aisle seat. What if you need to use the bathroom?" She was like, "I don't take this kind of planes." Yeah. I don't I've never I mean, we're hopefully we're going to get there soon. I don't get no planes. Yeah. That part, right? So, I think it's the same thing where you're like, "Well, this is just not my cup of tea." But when it comes to obviously you're now someone who is, you know, making your own money, good kind of money as well. When it comes to a relationship, would you then do 50/50 as part of the relationship? Do you expect the man to be the provider? What is it here? Because you know, the reason I ask is the audience first of all loves this kind of conversation. Um, and also because this question comes up a lot when it comes to what are the financial expectations in a relationship and how early on do you bring up that conversation? Obviously, it needs to be as early as possible, right? Yeah. Before the day before the day in the in the DM in the hello, how are you? Yeah, tell us. No, go. What's the question? The question is this is that um for you personally first of all where do you sit on that thing of like when you're making your own money as a woman and you're in a relationship is there like a do you believe in the traditional roles that a man needs to take financially or do you think this is evolving with time now? It is so hard for a woman to be led and trust a man to lead her to a destination that she's going to be happy with if she's making more money than him because she's always even if it's nice and they love each other and the and I'm not talking about a season cuz there's seasons I'm going to make more money than you and that's fine. I'm talking about you're still hustling more than me and you're still doing bigger moves than me where you're get you're the bread winner. It's always going to happen where a woman will emasculate a man subconsciously and I've seen it in happy marriages but she still in front of people will emasculate him because the nature of a woman is we want to be led. Mhm. We want to trust the man to do all these things. So, I'm independent. And I don't think actually women are too independent. I think men are just used to powerless women. And they're seeing this new um generation of women that are not waiting to be rescued. They're not waiting to be saved because we've seen where that have got our mothers. Yep. our grandmothers or even just other women that we've because we hear all these stories all the time. I hear them in my DMs all the time and I'm reminded all the time like wow waiting to be saved we can't do it anymore. So we women started believing in themselves more than believing in a man will rescue them. And that's when we stopped when we started becoming unshakable, unstoppable with standards and boundaries. And men are scared because men are raised to always get their value from a woman needing them. They're not used to leading without just holding you in a prison making you dependent on them financially because I want to depend I want to depend on my men but not only financially right how are you going to leave the house are the kids being raised we we see women I know I know more women with daddy issues than women with no daddy issues because fathers were so closed off emotionally and women we we need that love from our father so we're not begging another random dusty ass on the street to give it to us that is going to just manipulate the whole you know of course so yes no matter how much money I make um I'm always going to be traditional um our money can go for invest well my money can go for investments can go for the can go for me, maybe my children, but I'm expecting the man to always and I want my man to be like, you're not you're not spending your money right now. If you have mutual investments and stuff, that's totally fine. But uh yeah, I was raised traditionally and sure we have you know challenged some norms but the reality is a man should lead financially, emotionally, physically, spiritually no matter what's the dynamic and how much money both parties are making. You made such a good point because this conversation keeps coming up especially in my DMs as well where people are bringing up the fact that oh but I don't need him but I'm choosing to have him in my life. I don't know why this is not a better situation for him but it's because men have not been taught to view relationship this way. They would rather be needed by someone that they don't like as much rather than be with someone they like but who doesn't need them. And this is crazy. You you phrased it in such a nice way of you know that there's this new wave of women coming up who are financially independent who are being who are taking up space who are being themselves but it doesn't mean that we are not looking for a partner. It doesn't mean that we don't want to prioritize our family but that's how we are being painted just because that bridge has not been made yet between the traditional role and the current role that women are taking. Just because we stopped waiting to be saved, we are now it's like every successful woman that I have met in the comments somewhere there is a man like this is why you're going to stay single for the rest of your life. I get that all the time. And it's like, well, if making my own money, having my own boundaries, having my own standards means that no man will accept that and accept a powerful woman to be by his side and actually help him when he needs, not financially, but actually because of her presence, because of her power and presence, then I think it's fine. I think it's fine because culture want us you know they're putting age limit you know I'm 26 and um I mean I was raised in a family where all my cousins got married at like 18 19 because they live they live in Saudi and that's the culture so to them I'm like you're very old now I'm very old but then in the west I'm very young who gets married at 26 like you're very young like who so it's like age. Who cares? I would. And every single person that got married, their one regret is I wish I waited and lived life because I was a different person when I was 19. Imagine if I married someone. I would probably hate them by today because I have changed so much. I didn't know what I like. I didn't know what I wanted from my partner. So, thank God I'm not married. And I want to keep it like that. And I would rather be single and alone and happy and with an empty house than with a house that looks beautiful on the outside, has this perfect image, but I'm not happy cuz this is my life. I'm not living my life to make sure the picture is perfect for everyone else. I don't care what people view my life as. I care how do I feel about my life living in it every single day. So the empty house, I'll take it. But I know God wouldn't not bless someone that is doing all the right things. You know, want love, want a partnership. The time will come. I I know God will bless me with the most amazing man ever. And he'll he's going to bless all the beautiful women. I agree. I think the age of getting married is just getting pushed. That's why everyone is panicking in their late 20s, oh no, we're not getting married. I just think all these women in their 30s is where they're going to start meeting their partner and hopefully by then the men have had a bit of a change of mind. Hopefully. Hopefully. Yeah. But um what else do you want to talk about? I think we've covered everything. Is there any bits that you would want me to touch on? You know, one thing that I take pride in is I'm connected to and I think a lot of women feel uh fall short when it comes to that part. I'm connected to everything attached to nothing. I am fully connected. I'm always in the present moment. I'm fully emotionally available. No matter what happened in my past, what traumas what I've been through, my my heart is always open in any new friendship, relationship, business that I'm experiencing. It's not like, oh, I'm closing it off because I've experienced those things. So, I'm connected to everything, but I'm attached to nothing. So, my unattachment, I can unattach myself from anything because it costed me my peace. No matter how the outcome is going to unfold, if something is costing me my peace, I'm removing myself. Because to me, that is always more important than oh my god. Cuz us women, we're we're raised to nurture and keep going and you know, understand and understand and understand and it's like I'm understanding, but there's a there's a limit to that understanding where if you push that understanding, then it's costing me my peace. And that's the number one important thing. Um, detachment is is power. The art of detachment is power. Knowing when you need to detach yourself and when you need to nurture. Knowing that you can go through bad relationships, but you need to still have an open heart, a receiving mode. um be emotionally available for your next relationship because we should not punish the future person that we're going to be with because of all our past experiences that we've had. And that's where us women sometimes we feel we fall short cuz it's like well all men are like this. I've experienced this and narcissist lighter. So now all the future men are like that and it's like then we're sabotaging our own blessing in the future and now you're torturing this amazing man that is in your life because of the past. Well, now you're becoming that person that that hurt you in the past. Yeah. Or you might not even see this person now because you've got blockers on. So that's very good advice. And in terms of any parting message when it comes to making money for women, make a lot of money and don't feel guilty about making money. Feel empowered. Uh enjoy the process. Get around women that are making money because it's going to make the journey so much easier. It's going to make you believe that you can do it, too. And um God is abundant. There's no shortage of money on this earth. men are having so much fun. We need to have fun as women as well with the money cuz it's a lot of fun. Well, this conversation was a lot of fun. Thank you so much, Offna, for today. Thank you so much and I'm really looking forward to see what you keep doing and how you keep making all of us rich. Thank you so much for having me and we'll touch base next year in another episode. Done. Done.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Becomingwithb7 [2 likes]: This is why I help women become the best versions of themselves! Fixing your mindset is sooooo important.
  2. @DrEdenEmmaGonsalves: This video has changed my perspective and it resonates with me so much !!!
  3. @mumbuajackson: I will be a millionaire over and above
  4. @susenbrown4997: Agnan Galifa?  Is correct? Looking for her link
  5. @MaureenWells-x9q: Such a great interview! Two women I admire in the same room! Love this!❤
  6. @josephineladipo1037: I am a mum of two. I am going to leave this broke era
  7. @chideramiriamethel5569: I love you Afnan
Thank you for been a motivation to all the women out there including me
  8. @Carwensfrenchcorner: Staying around those i want to be like so i can be 'brainwashed' positively.
  9. @AntonioChidamba: Congratulations to you. If everyone women in this world thought like you it would be great for all of us
  10. @ramiya_co: I will come back here when I'll become "the first billionaire" of my family, soon 💪🏻💅🏻
  11. @Tanakanina: im really about to risk it all and i will comeback here on the 1st of january 2027
  12. @ai-tunes-music-songs: Flicker to Lightning - 01b (Pop) - https://youtu.be/8Vt0nfQ94sw
  13. @anoljose8549: Truely inspiring ❤.....
  14. @iamjuszkaycee: I'm 44 and this woman have inspired me so much. She is the version of my youth I prayed I had at her age. It's like my inner child speaking to me. Thank you for allowing GOD to use you and you're not only inspiring the younger generation but you're also inspiring us older women as well. May GOD continue to bless you.
  15. @GirlbehindCameraa: Loved this episode ♥️🙌🏻
  16. @yosselynnatalie1658: I loved this so much. Thank god for people like you and amazing podcast like this!!!
  17. @mofibanjura78: I am a marketing and accounting manager with 17(17)24/7 and 39years in buying and selling for a Manchester city council and buying departments and you cannot have buying and selling department in one household this is accounting and managemnent at marketing CA
  18. @NavizaNuur: Amazing interview 🎉
  19. @joywands1970: What exactly does she do?
  20. @Millicentjamis: ❤❤

- SOFT LIFE DISCIPLINE: My Sunday Reset Routine - Ep. 1: Kind: captions Language: en Sundays, the only day of the week that represents both the end and the beginning. That one day that we aren't caught up in the hustle and bustle. For me, Sundays are about alignment. It's my time to reset, reconnect, and prepare to show up as the woman I am becoming. There are three ways that I like to prepare for my week, and that is by focusing on my nutrition, my appearance, and planning and scheduling my most important tasks. I invite you to join me today as we slow down and prepare for another week ahead. And without further ado, let's get into today's video. Hello, happy Sunday. My name is Evette Renee. If you are new here, welcome to my channel. I think you will love it here. We are all things routine, productivity, discipline, while still enjoying life. We love the soft girl life, and you can't have soft without structure. Remember that. Now, for those of you returning, thank you for your continued support. You guys mean so so much to me. So, thank you so much. Now, today, Sunday, we are prepping for the week. I haven't done a Sunday reset video, I feel, in a little while, but I'm doing it this week and I want to do it with you guys in case you needed some inspiration and motivation to just prep and and you know, plan ahead of time. On today's agenda, we are going to meal prep. I didn't meal prep last week, but I'm meal prepping this week. We are going to plan out our week. And I'm talking like just my tasks for the week. I'm going to show you guys. Um I I'm starting to use Notion. I have a template and everything that I've been using. So maybe that'll help. It really streamlines and literally has everything in one area. It is currently 2:20. I've cleaned today. I went grocery shopping. Like we're on track, but I want to do the rest with you guys and then I want to be done by 6:00 p.m. because I have to put a quick weave in my hair. Um, a part of me preparing for the week, especially as an African-American woman forc hair, you know the vibes. Our hair can be such a challenge. And I find that when I have a hairstyle that I have solidified and planned on for the week, I feel good. Like, girl, I'll do anything as long as my hair is done. I don't even need to wear makeup for real, as long as my hair is done. So, we're doing all things prepping and preparing, and we're going to do it together. So, let's go ahead and get started. Now, before I meal prep, I have to eat. There are two things that I don't do without eating first is grocery shopping and meal prepping because I will be eating the food that I'm preparing for the week and we don't want to do that. So, today I am having Sam Sam. Today I am having some parmesan and garlic cream shredded beef with some herb roasted potatoes and some buttered broccoli. No, I did not make this. I told y'all I didn't meal prep last week. I had to order factor. factor is it's convenient for me. It helps me stay on track with my nutrition and my health goals when I'm just not in the mood or I don't have time. And last week, I'm not going to lie, I wasn't in the mood. I didn't want to do the grocery shopping. I didn't want to do the cooking. I wanted it delivered to me. And I love Factor for that. They are a meal prep delivery service. Meals delivered right to your door. Fresh, never frozen, chef crafted, dietitian approved. So many different like meal types or diet types to choose from. This week I did get a plethora of stuff. I have like three more meals left. In addition to their meals, I did try their breakfast smoothies. Well, I use them for breakfast. They're not necessarily breakfast smoothies. They do have breakfast, though. But I did order their smoothies. Now, if you're someone who you don't have time, you don't feel like a meal prepping, Factor is definitely your go-to. Super easy. You just open the box or, you know, take out the pack, take the food out of the box, pierce the hole, pop it in the microwave for like 2 minutes, and it's ready to go. I like to put mine on a plate because one, it's easier to eat on the plate and it just looks better, right? I haven't had this, y'all. This week I had fillet. I had a um I ordered a vegan meal that I'm going to have for dinner tonight. I'm actually really excit excited about it. It's this spiced peanut tofu. My mouth is watering right now because this is in my face. Now, if you're anything like me and sometimes you just don't have the time and you want to give Factor a try, I will leave a link for you in the description or you can head over to factor75.com. Use code 50 EVET and you'll receive 50% off of your order plus free shipping on your very first box. Again, factor75.com. Use 50ET. That is my code and you will receive 50% off of your order plus free shipping on your very first box. Now, before I started to be consistent with meal prepping, I had the hardest time eating healthy. You know, when you're hungry, you're not really in the mood to prepare anything. You just want to eat. That's what makes fast food so attractive. It's fast. It's ready for you. Nutritious food takes a bit more time to not only prepare, but to make it appealing to our taste buds. Now, yes, meal prepping makes eating healthy more convenient, but it's more than convenience. It's nourishment, discipline, and selfrespect. I choose to make meals that fuel my body because how I feel determines how I show up. And what you eat has a tremendous impact on how you feel. Now, when I prep my meals in advance, it's like I'm giving myself this gift of time, peace, and clarity. I'm eliminating decision fatigue around food. I don't want to worry about what to eat. I want to focus all of my time and attention on the other things that matter in my life that get me closer to my dream life. Now, as someone who has high living standards but still appreciates a minimal lifestyle, I'm always looking for ways to make healthy eating more affordable. So, this week I incorporated canned meats, high in protein, low in sodium, and low in price. Overall, I've come up with a system for meal prepping that significantly cuts down my prep time, and I get everything done within a 2-hour window. Now, I'll start by cutting up all of my veggies, the ones that have to be cooked, as well as the fresh veggies that I'll be needing throughout the week. I'll then go on to cook my starches and my vegetables. And then I'll end with cooking my meats. Now, since I ate canned meats this week, I didn't have to cook much meat. And to make meal prep more fun, I do create a menu every week just to give myself variety and not get bored with eating healthy. Now, starting with my breakfast options, which I don't prepare in advance. It's a part of my morning routine. Option number one, I'm having a Greek bowl with protein powder, fruit, chia seeds, and peanut butter. The yogurt and protein powder and chia seeds are my protein sources. The fruit is my carb and fiber source. And the peanut butter is my source of fat. Now for breakfast option number two is going to be smoked salmon on top of avocado toast with two eggs on the side. I did use sourdough bread as my carb source. Eggs and salmon are my protein source. And the avocado is my healthy fat. And this was really, really good. I did use the canned salmon for this breakfast. And I was really pleased with the taste. It tasted just like the smoked salmon I get at the grocery store. And I also did use the Yuka app to see if the canned food was okay to eat. And it gave me the green light. So that was exciting. Now, as for lunch, my options this week were anchovi pasta and a salmon bowl. Both meals, I did use canned meat. Now, for the pasta, I only use a few ingredients. The protein pasta that I just showed you, anchovies, breadcrumbs, garlic, and parsley. Now, this was my first time ever eating anchovies, and it was so good. I think sautéing it with the garlic took away that overpowering fish taste. Now, it still smelled fishy when I ate the meal, but I really enjoyed the taste. Um, this was about 30 g of protein, so high in protein. And again, I did yuka the can of anchovies and it was approved. [Music] Now, for my salmon bowl, I cooked the rice, the cabbage, and the edetamame beans during my meal prep. And then when it was time to eat, I just added the fresh cucumbers, green onions, canned salmon, some Sriracha mayo sauce, and sesame seeds. This meal was so filling, but it didn't give me that, man, I'm stuffed feeling. You know, we're not supposed to have that feeling. When you eat, you're supposed to have your hunger satisfied instead of being oversted or feeling stuffed. I think that feeling stuffed is a sign of overeing. Now, for my dinner options this week, I did no carbs. Um, this beef and veggie skillet was the first one. Super easy to prepare. Um, I did get the meat in a pouch and it actually had a score of 100 on yuka. No additives, no no high sodium. None of these canned or pouched meats were high in sodium, which was my concern. Um, and that was really, really good. I probably would have made the pouches separate, but I'll do that the next time around. And my second dinner option was a chicken salad. So, I made salad jars. I put olive oil and lemon juice for the dressing on the bottom. And then when you make the salad jar, you put the warm wet food that you know can't really get soggy at the bottom. So I did do the cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, olives, u mixed greens, arugula, and then I topped it with the chicken when it was time to eat. Um this was my first time doing the salad jar, but I like it. Very, very easy and convenient. Now, in addition to my nutrition, my appearance is very important for me and not for validation either, but because I feel most powerful when I am polished, when I am put together, when I'm feminine and intentional with how I present myself. So, that's my hairstyle, my outfit, my makeup, my perfume scent. All of those things reflect the woman that I am choosing to be. And I like to keep in mind that I'm not dressing for the day. I am dressing for the future that I am manifesting. So, doing my hair ahead of time um satisfies that. And while I do invest in professional services, I also feel it's important to know how to do my own hair because there are times where I will be unable to get my hair done professionally. Now, this is my second time doing a quick weave on myself. And while it is not perfect, I did make some improvements from the first time that I did a quick weave on myself. And I chose to do a quick weave because this is a look that doesn't require you to be skilled in doing hair. And if you already have the bundles, it's not expensive to do. You know, making do with what you have, being resourceful, I think that helps you get to the next level without elevating feeling like it's a burden or an unattainable task. Um, I did watch a few videos on YouTube of it, gave it a go. And one of the things I think you have to be comfortable with with elevating in life is not being perfect when you're learning or trying something new. And just having that confidence that over time with practice, you will get better at whatever it is you are setting out to do. As you can see, I had some hiccups. Um, and I'll certainly have trouble taking it out, but I won't have as much glue in my hair as I did the first time because girl, I definitely learned my lesson with these quick weaves. Now to put the cherry on top, it is time to plan my week. Now, I did have to wait until Monday morning to do this because by the time I finished my hair, it was like 8:30 and I just wanted to wind down for bed to get a good night's sleep. Now, for me, planning is being proactive. I don't wait for the week to happen to me. I want to plan it. And to do that, I write down my intentions, my priorities, and my habits. Now, this helps me to stay consistent and stay focused on what aligns with my dream lifestyle. Now, in the past, I have always planned my weeks the old school way with pen and paper, but I'm working on transitioning to digital planning because it keeps things very organized and all in one place. I did make a planner template in Notion, and it's only right that I call it the That Girl Planner. Now, first off, I start by writing down all of my tasks for the week. I write down my time-sensitive tasks, and I also have a section for the important, but not really time-sensitive tasks. For my sensitive task, I do put completion dates next to them. That's one of the things I've been loving about this digital planning thing. I can make compartments and areas, you know, just to be more streamlined and organized. Now, once I have written down all of my tasks that I want to get done, I'll then plug them into my Monday through Friday scheduling. Um, it's not enough for me to identify what I need to get accomplished, but to also designate a specific day for things to get done. Doing that really helps me achieve my goals in a timely manner. Now, once that is complete, that's pretty much the bulking of my planning in advance. Now, in addition to planning my week, my day-to-day, I also have a section in here to track my bills and my finances, an area for my meal planning, and an area to plan my workouts ahead of time. Being in control of these areas in my life really gives me a peace of mind, and it helps me stay on track with things. And I'm really loving the idea of having everything in all, you know, all in one place. You know, planning the week isn't about doing more, but it's about doing what matters. Mapping out goals, setting priorities, and making time for the habits that will elevate me. I hope you were able to take away something from this video today that will help you set up for success week after week. And always remember, if you stay ready, you don't have to get ready. I will see you guys on the next video and thank you so much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @itsevetterenee [12 likes]: Use code 50EVETTE to get 50% OFF plus free shipping on your first Factor box at https://bit.ly/3OotWof!
  2. @hsmithTre [3 likes]: Sis, you said take Holly to lunch and I was like where we going 😂😂😂😂 love the idea of a digital planner!!!
  3. @Time4change111 [2 likes]: Your content is excellent. Thank you ❤
  4. @Dinqnash [1 likes]: This was a very helpful video. I've been using Sunday's to reset and meal prep, but I've recently lost focus. You have given me some new ideas to get back on track and keep at it.
  5. @anelisa_mkhwanazi: ❤❤❤❤❤
  6. @ЕкатеринаШабунина-ч1ю: ❤❤❤
  7. @iamashleylbrown: You are gorgeous! Thanks for a great first video.
  8. @Jimmy23tat: I can’t believe I saw this whole video, I’m just looking for ideas on peoples channels so I can start my own soon, and I saw yours and really hooked me to watch it from the first minute, I think it was how easy it was to read you and the way u talk solft and nice, so all that made me watched till the end, so i learned something from it for sure, u doing really good keep it up!!!
  9. @jaraebolton5806: Is your digital planner available online?
  10. @lilir5181: Tu pelo natural ya de por sí se ve hermoso ❤ Yo sufro de migrañas, no duele tener las extensiones ?
  11. @mindlessppl1: Yasss loved this
  12. @chereeseking8412: Great tip regarding the canned meats!! I am going to check that out because that would make meal prep more convenient. Is there a monthly fee for notion? You are so appreciated❤
  13. @angelarobinson5261: Great content and meal prep!
  14. @АннаХеврингова: It’s not healthy to eat food which you made couple days ago
  15. @win-didi1254: I love your content ❤can you put a link to where you purchased your pots?
  16. @SupremelyBeautiful: Really loveee❤ your content
  17. @evelynjones3263: Hello❤
  18. @ChrissyRenaye: Love the setting very therapeutic and calming 😌 ☺️🫶🏽
  19. @fruitsarelife7073: ❤❤❤❤❤
  20. @LightofFaith111: Love Love this Video🥰✨New Subscriber to stay🤗-Can you give Tea on the hair you have in this video and where to find..So Cute.TY

- 5 Women Entrepreneurs Share Their Secrets To Success | Refinery29: Kind: captions Language: en Inspiration can come from any direction. But how do you take that new concept and make it a reality? In advance of the Inc. Women’s Summit, I’m meeting up with some of my favorite entrepreneurs to talk about what empowers them on a daily basis. You have all created businesses from out-of-the-box thinking. What made you veer left when everybody else was going right? Bobbi. When I moved to New York, it was the ‘80s. And everyone was doing the over made up contour look. I know it’s back. I still don’t like contour. So I would make up the models to make them look like they weren’t wearing makeup. And that was my calling card. But there was no makeup available that allowed you to do that. I met a chemist one day at a shoot and I said I can’t find a lipstick that didn’t smell, wasn’t greasy, and I wanted to match lips. Then I realized, “Wow. This is something.” For me, entrepreneurship, it wasn’t something that I aspired to. I always wanted to be an inventor. If I can be the perfect balance between Beyoncé and Bill Nye the Science Guy every single day… Now we’re installing our technologies around different countries in emerging markets. Turning everything from floors and roads to baby strollers into energy-generating solutions. You guys both touched on this idea of identifying problems that existed in your life and looking at ways that you could shape an industry, rather than looking at the industry itself. I started a fashion technology company with my co-founder. We had no fashion or technology experience. We knew what it meant to buy a dress for $1,000, wear it once, and then be photographed on social media. And feel like you could never wear it again. So we were like, “Well, that doesn’t make sense.” Renting dresses made sense. If you thought too far down the road, it could be easy to find all the why not’s versus the how can you make this happen. I want to hear Angela’s story talking about how you are helping young entrepreneurs. So I started NewME, which is an accelerator for minorities in 2011. We focus only on the technology industry, which at the time, it was a young, technical, white guys’ club. I did not really start NewME as a business. It was a problem that I wanted to solve. And I thought it was going to be like a one-time project. What do you see is standing in between these women and the dollars that you know they need to succeed? When I work with men, they are not scared to ask for money even if what they’re working on is mediocre. But women can have something phenomenal but it’s like we hold ourselves back. So a lot of the work that I do in particular with women is confidence building, is getting them comfortable with asking for the money. Priya, I want to talk about the impact you are having on actual people: helping them create wealth in the way that they've never even thought of before. Historically, financial planning has been reserved for the wealthy. And when I was working on Wall Street, my clients were old and rich. And all of my friends at the same time were wondering where do we go for the answers. There’s this completely underserved kind of ignored demographic that we call Henrys, high earners not rich yet. I so often hear young women say, “I just want to be paid what I’m worth.” I don’t even know what that means. And I very rarely hear young women say, “I want to make a lot of money.” Right? It’s as if we all sort of internalize this idea that the budget’s not there. Research show that men are four times more likely than women to ask. So at Stash Wealth, salary negotiations come up. Set it as a goal though and it has to be a very concrete goal. Like I want to buy a $250,000 house in three years so I want to get a raise and let’s back into what you need to do today to be on track. The flipside that millennials have to be very careful of is entitlement. For example, one kid said, “I feel like I really need to make x.” I’m like, “Oh, that’s interesting. For this job, if you do all of this research, this is the highest you could get paid.” And he’s like, “Yeah, I didn’t really think about what the job was. I just kind of thought New York.” What are you saying to me? I don’t think women talk about comp and salaries in the same way men do. Women I advise, some of the most valuable help I give them is actually talking in a real way about what you should be making. But getting the data out there— that’s hard especially amongst women because they’re fewer women who are in leadership roles. I find younger women are much more transparent with their salary. For them it’s not TMI, it’s cocktail talk. And I think that that lifting the veil —is going to get us closer to equality. –I think that’s really important. In “The Big Life,” I have an entire chapter devoted to the side hustle secret to success. How do you know when it’s time to make your side hustle your main hustle? I fully believe in the side hustle and in fact, when I worked in finance, because I was not passionate about finance, I would spend whatever time I had doing college essay editing, which I kind of made all the business around. But ultimately went to business school and co-founded Rent the Runway in business school. So I was kind of side hustling it. I was taking classes but I’m a pretty risk averse entrepreneur so the whole way, I had a timeline of milestones we had to meet. And I think it was helpful for me and my co-founder, kept us honest. Ultimately one of those milestones was raising money. And for me, raising money was another way of checking myself on. Was this a good concept that VC’s would put their name behind? So I very much believe that parallel processing, kind of always having a little bit of a safety net, and just being honest with yourself if something’s not working. And forcing that brutal honesty, it’s hard. You need to be able to sell something or it’s not a business. Don’t quit your job. Don’t do anything until you figure that out. And then even after you figure that out, you got to do a deeper dive into the customer and try to find more customers like the ones who gave you a dollar. When I’m talking to young women, they will ask me, “How do you get ahead in a male-dominated industry if you’re a woman?” The advice I always give is to forget you’re a woman, right? You are a person with a good idea. Just say it. That was exactly the advice that I gave myself was just to remember that you’re there like any other employee and to speak up when you have a great idea. I did get called in once. My boss told me that my attitude with my colleagues was abrasive. And I wasn’t sure if it was because I was a female. I’ve been in rooms with investors who are supposed to be investing in women and people of color and have the investor say, “So who’s the tech lead on this?” I’m like, “It’s me.” “Well, who came up with this?” I’m like, “Ask me a question first and see if I don’t have the answer.” And then all of a sudden they’re just like, “So did your father help you…” “Did my father, what?” I actually disagree that you should forget that you’re a woman. Every single day I get up being like, “Jessica, you are a black woman. You’re going to have to do three times as much to get half as far.” Is anyone besides me been called difficult? Oh yeah. I love it though. Me too. It’s a compliment. When I was younger, I didn’t like it. Maybe I should not say stuff back as much. But the older I got, I’m like I kind of like that about me. We all know that we can’t just be like one of the boys that—but the good news is that we have our special perspective. You embrace the difference, right? I don’t think a man could have started Rent the Runway. There’s this old idea that women are in competition with each other. That there’s backstabbing. That there’s only room at the table for one woman. But I’ve been so inspired by how millennial women have replaced competition with collaboration. Being someone who has been in the industry for a long time, when I was first starting my company especially with other makeup artists, you would never give any advice. Never would they ever tell you —because everyone was a—right. —I was about to say. Everyone was in competition. And now as I’m reinventing myself and need some different things, they’re here. Call this person. Do this. This is where you get this. It’s an amazing change. It is. This year I turned 60 and I started a new lifestyle brand. There’s more and more opportunity. And there’s a million things you’re going to end up doing. On your own terms. Be the entrepreneur of your life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @StraightTalkwithMattWaterman: What strikes me every time I watch this is how none of them came from privilege — they just refused to accept the ceiling others put on them. That stubbornness to keep going when logic says stop is the real secret nobody talks about.

On that note — Matt Waterman just dropped "Boss Lady", a track written specifically as an anthem for women who built from zero. Feels like a soundtrack to exactly this video. Check it out if you want something to play on the days you need the reminder 👑
  2. @inyourdream369: Really insightful content, explained in a simple and engaging way 👍
  3. @wambuigitau280: Beautiful and powerful
  4. @KristieM-s8k: Inspirational ✴️👏
  5. @FutureUnscripted: Amazing conversation. Love female entrepreneurs. So much respect!
  6. @GilbertoKuhl-q6r: Very neat and well explained.
  7. @AbirHassan-w6u: Great video, really enjoyed it.
  8. @OigbgRush: Clear and easy to follow.
  9. @UendiBogdani: One of the most helpful videos I’ve seen.
  10. @MkophgOkgffyu: I got exactly what I needed here.
  11. @StevenKennedy-x9j: The quality of this video is excellent.
  12. @EeeFff-f6d: Very helpful and informative.
  13. @DavidG-j8y: Good breakdown of the topic.
  14. @ownyourbloom-j8g: Best vid ever😊
  15. @fhchhxfhchhxj: A clear and effective explanation.
  16. @FourNo-m3i: This was really helpful.
  17. @RosarioMestro: The explanation was excellent.
  18. @palakdhussy: Really liked the structure of this video.
  19. @JoinsRoili: Appreciate the straightforward approach.
  20. @HokmaSonka: Straight to the point, well done.

- "So Wealthy": Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everyone this is Shelly from Shelly O'Neal wellness and welcome back to the so Wellness series I want to spend a minute today and talk about wealth so being wealthy or accumulating wealth is really not about fancy cars or trips or houses it's really more about the options and the freedom that you get from your lifestyle which I totally love so for me um wealth equates with a slow paced lifestyle that's very mindful U that you get to enjoy things versus that hustle and bustle of achievement only so think about what wealth can do for you what it truly looks like to you and what you're trying to achieve so now that you know go live your life to the fullest

- Dr. Martine Canal | Radiant Living - The CEO Routine | Happy Entrepreneur Show | Che Brown: Kind: captions Language: en it's a great day my name is Shay Brown the happy entrepreneur and welcome to the Happy entrepreneur show the number one Business Development and well Revenue Focus late night show in the country where we're on a mission and our mission is to empower our mission is to inspire and our mission really to provide you that's right you the hardworking entrepreneur with all of the resources that are necessary to execute that big big big B big big big Vision you have for the people you would call the server and on this episode we have the one and only Dr Martin she's in the building and she'll be talking about end of the day how you can reduce your stress I mean how you can run your life like a CEO and your business exact same way whoa radiate living maybe what's going on Dr Martine how you doing oh great great sh thank you for having me and I am so excited to be spreading my message of self care either your CEO or your father mother whatever you are you it's an important part of your lifestyle that you have to incorporate well I'm excited to have this conversation and thank you all for tuning in thanks for watching especially doing these you know remarkable times we're living in these days very challenging times and you're here and this says so much about you so thanks for being a part of this because without you we don't have a show so thank you so much so uh Dr Martine quick question I know this is obvious I know people prob want know what's going on but why are folks struggling with self-care these days I mean I always like to say they can go to AI right now and say I need a list of things I need to do for self-care an AI will give them a list of everything they can do every day yet they're still struggling with self- care what's some of the reasons why well first first sh is because they are not prioritizing themselves they're putting everything and everyone before them and then they're just saying well I have time and I'll do it maybe tomorrow so that's number one and number two it's because they just they just forget to do it because they're so focused laser focused on I don't know going to a meeting or managing the team or taking care of the household so they put themselves on the back burner so this is my mission is to have them put them themselves back Forefront and prioritizing us and taking care of them because there's no one more important than you sh than you so you take care of you first what do you say to the person because I spot on that's listening right now we have a lot of folks who are dual preneurs uh that's our audience they work a full-time job they're full-time entrepreneur don't don't worry ladies gentlemen I'm going to let them know who you are because the question is how do you make sure when everyone else is dependent on you how do you take care of yourself and not feel guilty and let me let me frame it for you because some folks have a full-time job full-time entrepreneur others are a husband or a wife or in a relationship somebody saying Shay let know I have kids by the way and my kids have a schedule I got to take care of them someone else is like wait a minute I'm a caregiver Shay Brown's a caregiver so shout out to all the caregivers out there they've got other responsibilities somebody saying wait Shay I ex I've got to make sure things that the church are taking care of are in my local community someone else has a list longer than what I'm telling you so I guess the question is what do you say to the person says people dependent on me I can't slow down well Shay the reason why I know is because I've been there I am the overachiever working over time and you know at it was at one point that I was so so busy on the go go go and then I felt some symptoms that I didn't want to recognize so I had to stop and listen to my body and this is why I want to tell the message that if you don't take the time right now then in the future it will be imposed on you and then you will have no choice but to stop and take care of the illness that would be brought on you so you have got to take the time just like you're scheduling a meeting or going to an appointment or anything that you do in your life you have got to schedule the time for you and one thing about you is go ahead sorry go ahead no it is not unnegotiable because I have seen in in real time what happened to people that don't take the time to take care of themselves they end up in the hospital so this is why I'm trying to be in the moment before any acute tragedy would happen to these people because believe me Shay if something happens to you because you're not taking care of yourself everybody around you will be affected your business will be affected and and people around you will keep going and you will be the one who would probably lost your Independence lost your power lost your voice but everyone around you will keep on moving yeah you you are we'll get into your background in a moment some people have not read your background so they don't understand that you've nursing and what you see we're going to get into that into a minute but take a moment to find what what stress looks like and what it feels like now I know that might be a crazy question um but there might be some folks that are out there listening saying well I'm fine I mean I'm able to pay my bills I mean I'm healthy right now and someone else is like I know what stress looks like so what does it look like and and feel like by the way well stress is you know there's the positive type of stress the good stress and the negative stress and it is really how you handle the stress that is going to make a difference on how it affects your body so learning how to deal with stress is what you have to do in order to be able to perform at your optimal best and then also you going to try to avoid stressful situations uh around you by managing all that can be managed because life has a way at throwing balls at you that you have to be able to um try to uh not be you know hit with but if you do get hit with that stress ball I call it stress ball then you know what to do and by practicing self-care by having your body physically mentally and emotionally fit then this is not going to affect you at all you'll keep doing you'll find Solutions you'll find ways to um overcome all these challenges I I I love love how you stated that come over your challenges because I often hear and ladies I got two hands raised and I was like I perform best under stress you don't understand give me the stress and I'm going to be okay and then I found myself with Bill py when my father passed away it was a year later I thought I'd grieved and done some things and I didn't realize it was still there that's could be one of the causes I like what stressed I'm I'm run I'm running a marathon how can I be stressed right now um so what you're saying is very important and very near and dear to me and I'm so glad you're on the show some folks don't know you they don't know how famous you are how you've been all around the world you got books behind you you get to speak all over the place we're just happy to have you on a happy entrepreneur show so take a moment if you would and share a little about who are you because they're curious they don't know and what was the backstory that led to that defining moment you said you know what I'm all in Shay I'm making sure that people reduce their stress right so my name is Dr Martine canal and I am a self-care strategist and I have been a nurse for over 25 years and I am the CEO of self-care genius where we Empower women to elevate their health so that they can uh decrease their level of stress overwhelmed and overall be physically mentally and even socially fit so what happened to me and as we were talking about that you were I was when I said that I was exposed I experienced the moment where I was overworked overweight not taking care of myself and having like this huge pounding headaches that I was neglecting that was the pivotal moment for me and that was back in November 2021 that is that is when that even though I was a nurse I knew what to do I wasn't doing it but at that moment I experienced that fear that came upon me that what happened to my mom who was also an overachiever she was a nurse would happen to me one day out of the blue she suffered a massive stroke so back in 2021 when I had that fear come upon me I said I didn't want to live like this I didn't want my children to take care of me I didn't want to be to become dependent on other people losing my voice so that propelled me in the trajectory that I am today where I focus on prior I izing myself first taking care of me then taking care of others and because I've had to learn how to really you know build that Foundation to you know self for self-care now I'm able to go out and help others and share the message and say wait did you practice selfcare today and with that I have published two books I have my podcast has willness to success and uh now in I'm working on starting my workshops so it's a big movement I I just I want to take it globally I've Speak I've spoken on different stages uh just to share my message and now here I am with you shay so I'm like so grateful to be here with you today well it's an honor and a privilege to have you here I don't know if a more important topic other than money to talk about than health right cuz you can make all the wealth have all the wealth in the world without the health I mean what do what do you do with it you know you you mentioned something that how important it is and if you had to step back into the the person that's watching out and say shay here's one two or three or four things that someone can do um to help at least start reducing their stress or maybe even possibly have it go away I know it's a loaded question because different people have different reasons why they're stressed I'm so glad you talked about that it's internally and you can think everything's okay and it's still there the invisible stress um so take a moment here's here's the question ladies and gentlemen um what's one two or three things maybe more that someone could do just to help start reducing that stress well I'll tell you what I do and this is how you know um I do in my ectic days first I would separate myself from the stressful environment I would even just go in the bathroom because then you are alone and then you do deep breathing exercises you're calming yourself and just having some kind of quick meditation time sometime it helps to calm your mind and then you'll be able to see you know to have this Clarity when you go back to that stressful uh environment and also sometimes what I do is I do those little burst of of I get those little bursts of energy by in uh incorporating movement so if I'm in the bathroom I do some squats I squat a couple of times and then you can see just the the energy coming right back and then it's helping me um to be able to be focused on what I'm doing and just get uh over that hurdle this The Challenge and then finish my day in a more positive way those are little things that you can do you know at least getting started and I'm I'm curious someone back say I got it uh but how does she be consistent and you might have heard this before consistency is the key consist is the key consistency is the key and having said that what you strugg with most consistency talk I mean you put the phone up tell us a little about about your about your big why your secret of being able to be consistent they're like I like what she saying Shay I can even quote what she saying I just have a hard time being consistent doing it what would you say to that person well you have to know your why just you were talking about why why are you doing this why am I doing this because I want to to be able to enjoy my best life every day I want to be physically fit I want to be physic mentally fit I want to have a good social um uh people around me to to help me Elevate to the next level so I have to work on it it's it's not just it's just going to happen you have to work on it just like you're working on your business you have to work on yourself and this is not something that you're going to stop doing this is on for the rest of your days and you want that when you reach the time that it's time for you to go you want to look back and say well I am grateful for what I accomplished and this is my legacy tell my legacy I love that by the way and it's great segue as you're sharing that to a segment we have here called today is my January 1st now for those folks who tune in every night at 11:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time you already know what we're about to do you might even wait for this magical moment to be a to utter those words today is my January 1st and for all the new folks that are here welcome welcome welcome come on in to the Happy entrepreneur show family today is my January 1st is our personal Mantra it represents a fresh start it it represents a do over it means our past no matter how dark and gloomy that past is or how bright and sunny the past is the past no longer equals well our future and so my question for Dr Martine on the other side is really two parts number one when you hear those words today is my January 1st what do You Hear What Do You Hear What do you hear and number two what was another time you had a setback in your life how did you bounce back so you could have that Radiant Life well to my today is my January 1st it's me living my best life that is me saying what's my purpose what am I doing in this life and since then everything that I'm doing it's it's it's like you have this impossible goal that you want to accomplish so everything that does not fit everything that didn't fit in it got pushed to the side so anything that did not um uh aligned with my goals that's why I eliminated so that was uh and and living my best life every single day this was what I wanted to do that was my my goal so that's every January every day for me is January 1 because every day I look I said okay what am I doing today and everything that doesn't serve me I don't do it I just don't do it I love it I love love how you can do that you have to have a purpose the big why you talked about that earlier and folks are nosy myself included they're looking over your shoulder and it's like wow sh she has radiant living there and you know it's all about how you can live your life like you would run your business like a CEO but talk about radiant living first we all knowsy we want to know what is radiant living what does that mean so take a moment tell us what is radiant living and what does it mean but for me when I was writing this book it was all about doing everything you needed to do in order to live your best life a Radiant Life so it had like those three pillars you have to concentrate on to be physically fit how can you be at your optimal best physically mentally and socially and that is how you're going to radiate physically you got people are going to see you and then you see you're happy you're enjoying your life you're radiating right and mentally there's a lot of negative negative aspect of the world right now that we have to go through how does you doesn't you don't let that affect you because you're mentally strong and you're radiating all the positive ways for you to to accept what's going on and and don't let this affect you personally and then you have want to see the positive in what you're going through right now right so that's how the the word radiate living came about and uh I'm just trying to shine the the radiance around me so that people can catch it and run with it and start doing their own living their own best life yeah living the own best life radiant living what's one of the the messages or one of the chapters you talk about in Radiant Life that the person who is a CEO right now or person like Shay Brown just the everyday person is watching right now what's one golden net now don't worry the end she's G to tell y you how you get the book I'm going to encourage you get the book but I'm going ask if she'll pull back the big black curtain for a moment and kind of reach into a treasure chest of secrets in that book and give you this one Golden Nugget out of that book what would you share with the audience well the same way that you're running your business let's say you are managing system you're managing a team you're whatever you're doing for your business you have to do it for yourself if you have to run a meeting a board meeting first thing in the morning like for me for example the only time that I have to myself that no one will will come to me for anything it's early in the morning so that's the time that I set for my board meeting and this is when I go over my the vision that I have I that's when I take some uh silent time and just kind of become clear in my mind what my purpose is today what my vision is today what my goals are today so I become clear to what I have to do for that day so having a board meeting we call it a self-care born meeting is is one way to do it and then of course moving movement is part of it too if you have to exercise during that time you do it because that energy that you're going to have will be able to be translating into what you do that day and you you'll be able to be laser focused into what you have to accomplish both personally and professionally wow that's that's that's really powerful and I love the part you talk about having a board meeting with yourself kind of slow down to speed up one of my favorite questions I like to ask we have some time we have a few minutes now is what's one of the best pieces of advice you've ever been given and I'll frame it for the audience so they're fully aware of me as a nurse you probably read more books you can remember these days I'm sure uh watch more hours of of video and training that you can remember um has so many mentors along this journey of life but you're talking about something I think today is the most important part which is our health so what's one of the best pieces of advice you've ever been given I was told that if you can prevent any kind of illness from occurring in your life then you take the measures to do so because you want to be proactive not reactive so this is why I am pushing that message of self care even going to the doctor can be a proactive strategy because you know what's going on in your body first you have to be able to listen to the body because it is speaking to you softly meaning sometime it's not going to be loud it's only loud when you don't listen so you want to be proactive and take care of your health because just like you said Shay without Health there can be no wealth and I'm not talking just money I'm talking about relationship family all the things that come with making you you a wholesome you yeah I mean you know I know we we said it a few times but this is how she has another book over there we'll show to you right now she has another book over there that says becoming you you you know I think that was her first book I think it was I think was that your first book and and radi and living is the second one um take a moment because it is about you becoming you but the best version of you and that's the radiant life that she talked about but but what was the Genesis of just becoming you and why was that book so near and dear to you to be your very first one that you published well that book was a collaborative of these women that are talking about all the challenges that they went through to become the best version of thems today and how now we're able to go get out in the world and share what we went through so that maybe one person can learn or it can make a difference in their own lives so that was this is when you you really look into yourself deep down and say okay this is my trajectory this is my journey and then now what's next this was radiant living and now there's another book in the works well of course I mean we know the best is just to come The Best Is Yet To Come ladies and gentlemen she's radiating she's pushing it she's making it a reality as she goes which is super amazing by the way you know as we coming down home stretch I'm just curious are the affirmations are there uh saying you tell yourself and the where I'm going is for the person that's beating themself up every day because they got off track and life is the serious of being on track and then off track and then on track and then off track and I haven't read anywhere yet maybe you have doc where when you beat yourself up you do a better job like I haven't read that in any of all my books and readings and and anywhere did you beat yourself up so my question is is there an affirmation is there something that folks can tell themsel that get right back on track again well the key the one of the key strategy that I learned over the years now is to surround yourself with like-minded individuals because sometimes when you're doing it alone that's when you have the setbacks that's when you derail from your path but being in the community that believe the same way the same principle that you do you have probably have most of the same values the same beliefs it's what you need to do because you need to find accountability of course there are affirmations that you can go through I go through my affirmations every single day because you need to be motivated every day because this is a constant it's not a battle but you have to keep working on on yourself every single day now if you forget to if you don't do I don't know if you don't exercise today do it tomorrow do it tomorrow but don't let too many days goes by get back on that path get back on the train and if you need to call someone because I don't know you need to talk about things that you're going through and that's keeping you from achieving what you need to do do so and reach out to to reach out to me do something but we need to keep moving cuz Life is Beautiful we need to enjoy life every day you should be enjoying yourself absolutely that's one of the things that I enjoy is that we can all get right back on track again I love how you say stay in a group because we're not alone um is we what do you do for fun we not helping everybody else reduce their stress we help everybody else feel good we not caring and nurturing at the hospital or at bedside with someone else or training other people how to do it how do you what do you do for fun well for fun I love to travel I travel a lot I have been to 33 countries and and and Counting so wow I love to go there and see what their practices are what they do for self-care there and uh I'll be part of the community it's like for me to enjoy the culture I just immerse myself in the culture I I do not like to go where all the tourists are so yeah I do I do travel a lot and um if not I'm taking care of myself I I'm I love to go to the gym I love to listen to music I read also and uh I just kind of release my stress because what I do is very stressful sounds like self-care at its highest level by and my family of course family family time family time is important oh how how true is that as we come down the home stretch a two-part question number one what type of clients are you looking to work with these days if any and number two how can folks best connect with you how can they stay in this conversation over and Beyond the time that you and I have now well my my target audience Shay is um it's woman over 40s women like me that I know what you're going through so I'm there to support them to you know have them do analyis of their lives that's who I work with and how you can uh they can find me that if you go to selfcare genius.com this is where I have a a questionnaire there that they can assess their own live and see where they they are because you have to know where you are before you can go any further you have to know uh your base and um Martin canal. comom you can reach me there as well and if you have your on your cell phone you can uh text me at 26786 the word self 26786 self and and then this is how you can uh contact with me and I'm on all all the social media platforms uh you can reach me there so DM me uh the word self if you um want to get the questionnaire the assessment that I have so that you know uh where you are so and you know you know where to go so you'll know where to go let me say two things number one thank you so much for being on a happy entrepreneur show I know you can always make more money but you can't make more time and you're giving us the most precious resource you have which is your time thank you so much for being on the show thank you so much for having me and thank you viewers thank you for tuning in by the way because well without you we don't have a show and I never get tired of remind you every night at 11:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time no matter what's going on in your life maybe you've been hit with the punch you never saw coming could be in the health side or maybe you're going to that next level of success no matter what's going on your life no matter what you're going through here's what I believe I believe that today is your January 1st you get a fresh start and because of just that one reason alone I believe your best is still yet to come your Best Is Yet To Come Your Best Is Yet To Come With that being said my name is Chay Brown the happy entrepreneur make it a great day everyone we'll make some good things how we connect again next time peace Dr Martin we'll see you on the other side bye bye y'all thank you so much

- Women's Wealth Wellness Checkup • Ask The Expert with Sharda Ryan: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] hello everyone and welcome to this week's episode of ask the expert I'm so excited to share our industry expert with you and while usually Theresa Reem my co-host is here with me today I'm going solo Teresa's out of town we didn't want to stand in the way of you getting to hear from our expert so we're going to roll it without her so first of all before I introduce our expert I would like to thank our sponsor the professional women's network of Monterey and you can find out more about them at www.pwn monterey.org okay now let's just jump in and let me tell you a little bit about our guest so as a financial advisor at wealth Design Group Sharda Ryan is motivated by helping women and their families develop and Achieve Financial goals that are unique in their financial picture she specializes in individual retirement accounts and business retirement plans life insurance gifting or giving strategies education funding financial planning social security income planning and portfolio management she has served in the financial industry for nearly 15 years and as a single mother her own experiences led her to a career in the financial services industry to help others Achieve Financial wellness and advise them on their holistic Financial picture now she currently lives in Salinas with her husband Nate and their dog Roxy and when she's not servicing her clients she enjoys volunteering with the downtown Salinas Rotary Club exploring the outdoors and spending time with her family so I love that sounds very balanced it's to me so thank you shut up for being here with me today thank you so much I'm excited to be here I'm really excited to have you too you know I think that what I liked best about reading about you was really that you do it holistically right and I really think that is important to have a holistic Financial picture really rather than what were people really kind of get caught up in oh this is what I'm supposed to do right and then it's not well-rounded so I think it is really important probably now more than ever for that to be true so let's just jump right in and so the first thing I want to know is you know people you ask somebody who's kind of like Realtors mortgage people everybody knows somebody who's in the financial industry I actually think that as I've come to know you really that you're not like everybody else so I'm going to hand the mic over to you so to speak and what would you say is that one thing that differentiates you from others in your industry yeah thanks Patty and thank you for um recognizing that I am a little different so I uh primarily focus on providing advice to single women this is a single professional woman this is a demographic that's typically overlooked by other advisors um I find that we have shared values that I can be empathetic um that's when I do my best work uh also typical advisors they might have a minimum for working with them and they more view clients um as a number where I look at the person and um like love to help that underserved Market because I can empathize so um you know as you know women have a lot of special needs that um where planning comes into place like they live longer um make less money than men spend more time out of the workforce due to either taking care of children or taking care of elderly parents so um these like specific challenges they put a big pressure on women for their retirement and estate planning goals and that's where I love to come in and help them with that well-rounded holistic advice I think that's really powerful and so important because you're right we live longer and women are really more of the decision makers now than they've ever been right but yet they're not always equipped with the information that they need to step into that role right you know some of them are forced into it like I said as single parents maybe you know having to step in and help their own parents and stuff and so they don't always really know what they have to work with right so it's always so nice when you can find somebody who can help you with that the other thing I really love about that is that even though you're obviously married now that as a single mom you had those experiences and I think a lot of times when that happens it does kind of help Define or clarify where we want to serve right I mean I was a single mom for a long time and because of that I have a special place in my heart for that as well right single women really um they just really kind of speak to me and I do a lot of special projects with them because I do feel like you know it is also an underserved Market too so I'm totally with you on that and I just really love that um you are working with them too so what would you say and I know this is always kind of a little bit harder but you know people tell us the same things all the time right you know we we hear from our clients and they'll say things to us and we're like wow like I don't see myself that way or or whatever you know those kind of things because like I know for me when people would tell me oh Patty you're such a Visionary and I'm like what like Visionary was not a word I would have thought about myself but I've heard it so many times and I'm like well Visionary sounds so big helping people to create a vision doesn't right so you know you've got to kind of step into it so with that said what would you say are three to five words that would best describe the value you bring to the marketplace um I would say compassion uh empathy uh intelligence Fearless and uh diligent so I'm not afraid to ask the tough questions um with women I know many times there might be something that they're scared to share with me right because maybe they feel ashamed of it or um maybe they think that I'll look down on them where it's a very intimate relationship so it's important to be able to ask those questions when they tell you something when they say yeah well I'm on food stamps or um you know I don't have I'm fighting for child support those types of things though that's a point that's a um a place where I need to be present and empathetic and say okay this is what we're working with and how do we move forward how do we help you so that you can sleep at night you can take care of your family um you can provide for yourself and your family in the future I think that's really true though because I think that a lot of times what happens is people have this idea of what somebody in the financial industry does right like they you know if they don't have a half a million dollars or if they you know if they're not doing this or that like really honestly like they have to wait till they can get there and I remember when I was single I didn't really understand until I had a really good relationship with somebody who specialized in women and I remember her telling me Patty even a hundred dollars fifty if that's all you can do but something right and it's so empowering too to feel like you're doing something you know even if people take little baby steps you're still going to move forward right you know it doesn't you don't have to wait you can take these giant leaps and I think that having empathy which is one of your words is important I also think that in the time that I have got to know you that you're pretty Innovative too about thinking up things like so you can kind of really help them to really think of ideas that maybe they hadn't thought of you know what I mean and I think that is really really important so what would you say as an expert is the best testimonial you've ever received from a client that like really was heartfelt to you you're like oh my gosh you know what was that yeah many times I'll get started with someone and they'll you know they'll take that deep breath like thank you so much and it feels so good but I think the most impactful moment when I helped someone was a uh divorced woman and she had a couple of kids that were in private school and I was going through my questions asking the typical you know what's your income what are your expenses and um she had mentioned and we you know I discovered that her ex-husband provided child support and alimony and I said well what happens if something happens to him that income's gone does he have life insurance and she said you know what that was part of the divorce settlement he was supposed to have life insurance he was also supposed to set up College funds for the children he said she said I don't know if he did so she actually um went back to court and got those things in place for herself and her family and she said she had she had worked with a couple advisors before that and she said no advisor had ever asked her that question and that it was so impactful for her and for me you know I get goosebumps now just thinking about it that um I'm able to help her and she's so grateful to me every day she's very sweet I think that's really important too because you know one of the things that I noticed is a lot of times when people will give you testimonials or they just give you compliments they're talking they're not always written or video or on LinkedIn but you know they'll share them right and all of a sudden I feel like sometimes what will happen is you'll start seeing a pattern like you'll start seeing that wow other people have said that about me too right you know or you'll hear it several times and you're like wow I didn't realize that about myself and then you think wow this is a service I do I want to really kind of delve even a little deeper in this right you know and I think it makes us better at what we do all the time because we don't always realize it you know so I always like to share value with our clients right and with our audience and so you know a lot of times when you're trying to from a marketing point of view when you're trying to let people know what you do and how you do it in a way that differentiates you the best place to find those words is to go look at the testimonials that people wrote about you you know if you're on a podcast and they leave comments if they leave you LinkedIn recommendations those are really good places to find words that you're like oh wow this word keeps coming up over and over again and stuff there so I love it when I get to ask people testimonials because I really find that when I ask you that questions we find out so much about how you serve right you know because I really feel that there's the certain things that people do like for example I was going to talk to a financial person I the first thing for me is I want a safe environment I want to know that it's going to be confidential that I can trust them that we have a rapport right but I have to tell you somebody that would ask me questions that nobody else would ever asked me that would really make me feel good right you know that would really make me feel good so I think that is really a great testimonial and a story and thank you so much for sharing it with us so what would you say I always like to say that people want to know what to do but a lot of the times people want to know what not to do too you learn just as much from that and I think that in your industry there's a lot of myths that go on that people think that are just not true right so I'm going to give you the opportunity right now to kind of bust some of those myths right now what would you say or one or two how whatever you want to share but would you say are one of the two things that people say to you all the time that are just not true but people think they are and you have to kind of work at helping people to understand that it just isn't true it's a myth and there's a lot of them about every single industry right that goes on but what are a couple myths that you would really like people to know are not true when you're actually looking to hire somebody in your industry well I would say that um one of the myths is that people think they have to have and I think you mentioned it before that people think they have to have a certain amount of money they have to have at least you know half a million or a million dollars before they can go and talk to a financial advisor and while that maybe used to be the case or some advisors do operate that way a lot of advisors like myself have become more innovative and do what's called be only where you only pay the fee for the advice you don't um manage any of their assets you don't do any commission typed type account um many times I'll meet with people who maybe they have a concentrated stock position because they work at Amazon or they work at Google well it wouldn't make sense tax wise to just say okay let's sell all of that stock and allocate it into a portfolio and then you can pay me through that many times they need much more comprehensive tax planning because of that stock or estate planning so that in that case I can offer B only that means here I'll write you you know a check annually and we'll have this advisory relationship and you can keep your Amazon stock and we can um you know use we can strategize for that in the future oh that's really smart yeah that's definitely one of the myths and the industry is definitely going towards more of that the only process I think that's really good so I know that you're a resource right I know that you're a resource what would you say would you share a favorite business tip or a resource I want to make sure that I want to make sure we're given value to our audience we'd love to give them value so I know as part of you know pwn you have some right so it doesn't even have to be a tip about your industry but what would you say would be a good business tip or resource that you'd like to share I think uh the best tip that I would share is uh if you're in any kind of industry where you serve others you need to be having constant activity in a in a client acquisition mode right so I would say to just be open to all relationships it could be you know personally it could be you know standing in the grocery line it could be online just be open be engaged make sure you're always out there trying to develop relationships um like one example that I have is my husband and I we like to hike in the uh you know in the area and I saw a lady with a camera and binoculars and I was like oh are you you know are you watching birds today and she said yeah and so we just started getting into this conversation turns out she's a widow she's from Pacific Grove and she needs help with financial planning so you just never know where you can find those new relationships so even if it's on a zoom call and maybe it's in a networking type environment like with pwn you know make sure you reach out to all of those people that were on that Zoom call afterwards on LinkedIn or email and say hey it was great to see you today let's have a you know copier let's have a quick 30 minute zoom and learn more about each other I love that you know you know it there used to be this thing called maybe there still is where it was like the ABCs always be closing for me that never worked I actually like my ABCs are always being connected oh that's great yeah always be connecting right because I never really I feel like sales is service and if you always come from service you know then it it really really works so what do you love about your business right now like what are you what are you loving so I'm loving that um I get to be a part of a new community so like I said my husband and I we moved here about a year ago to the Monterey Bay Area and I just feel so re-enter re-energized by you know joining the rotary joining pwn learning more about the industries and cultures and non-profits and organizations I'm just feeling really energized and loving meeting new people and learning new things and that's just one of the things that I strive is to always feel connected to my community to know what's going on you know whether it's politically or um socially to just be engaged in that way so it's really fun just learning about the area and learning about the people I love that it's one of the things I love about my business too and you know that I live in Dallas Texas right you know and I'm part of pwm but I live in Texas and I just got back a few days ago from being in California and my co-host who isn't here with me today Teresa um I've actually known her she's a friend colleague client for over two and a half years and I just got to meet her in person and Krista beavers as well I got to meet her and Krista yes and I got to spend time we had lunch and stuff in I love it because it was just like I saw them the day before even though I'd never met them in person it was like I had because if you really build rapport with somebody whether it's over Zoom you know we live in a world like that now right where hey it's all about the conversation you have right and you're connecting and having conversation but I will tell you that after spending a week in the Monterey Bay I will say that the community there is so engaging and I had so much conversation with people it is a very inviting engaging community and I really enjoyed that so I can see how that really you know kind of worked so what's next for you do you have something that you're working on or what's your vision for this year something that you would love to share yeah so uh my business partner and I gentleman who lives in Sacramento we are launching a new website and a new digital marketing program here in the next couple weeks I'm super excited about that because it's going to be integrated um we're going through a program that's able to host the website and then also work on the digital marketing a lot of like set and forget so I'm excited to be more um automated uh really push out that content that's educational for women and um just you know see where it leads be engaging with them and just embrace the new digital marketing uh you know environment that we're all a part of now right welcome to my world welcome to my world I love it oh that's exciting I can't wait um which kind of leads me to my very next question really is how can the audience connect with you so can you tell us what your website is um how can they get a hold of you I'm sure your social media is on your website for them to do it I was like where's the one place for them to find you but I always want to know what's your website and what social media platform are you the most active on so if they were going to find you there so our website is wealthdesigngroup.com so easy to find and I'm most active on LinkedIn right now and I'm prepping my Facebook business page for the for the launch of our website and our new digital uh platform but yeah you can find me Sharda Ryan on LinkedIn uh Sharda Ryan on Facebook as well I love that so okay so it is time for our lightning round questions where I'm going to give you a few questions you know we want you to just answer the really quick 15 seconds super easy super fast but I think these questions actually help our audience get to know you better so nothing tough so ready what is the one device beside your cell you can't live without my laptop what's the favorite app on your cell phone uh I would say Facebook are you a morning person or a night owl night owl what's the one thing on your bucket list that you haven't accomplished yet oh I would say go to Bora Bora and stay in one of those little Huts that like kind of hover on the ocean yeah that's definitely my on my bucket list not not done yet love that what's your favorite way to unwind at the end of the day um I love to uh interact with my dog so take my dog for a walk you know feed her dinner and Roxy little Roxy yup and and you know just interact with her for sure oh and it's nice because I work from home and so whenever you know if I have a if I'm a little stressed or a call or anything I can just take out two minutes and you know pet her and hug her ah love that last question if you could have any superpower what would it be oh my goodness super power I guess oh geez oh that's a hard one really yeah I guess it would be to eat whatever I want and not gain weight oh my gosh buy that one any day of the week I love that thank you so much Charter for being here with me today I really appreciate you being here it's been lovely yes so here's what I like to do I like to do this thing right here where you know we love to come up with the questions that we feel our audience needs to know right how you show up you know who you are as a person the value you bring to the marketplace what differentiates you but you know what I always like to say that sometimes we have something going on and we didn't ask you the question so I'm going to ask you is there something you would like to share with the audience I didn't ask you the question but is there something that you would like to share with the audience yes so I am going to be a grandmother my yes my daughter is pregnant she's gonna be 30 July 12th and she is due July 12th with a girl That's so exciting I personally have 13 grandchildren so I will love love love I have six daughters so I have six daughters 13 grandchildren so I love it well welcome to the grandma Club well I'm gonna have to go to you for all the advice because this is why I like to work with women after having you know six daughters and a family of five girls like I totally get the girl thing I totally get the girl thing right so I love it yeah you do so thank you so much for joining us on ask the expert to the audience you're going to want to connect with her make sure you go to her website find her on social media like really honestly we're talking about finances and in the entrepreneur business owner space we always have questions and things we want to know in the financial stuff so having somebody an expert in the financial business is really somebody that you really want to know so I really would say make sure you connect with her go check out our sponsors at pwn monterey.org and make sure you connect with Theresa and I we would really love that too we always love to continue the conversation and to our audience we really appreciate you joining us here on ask the expert feel free to reach out to Teresa and myself with any questions or suggestions for future episodes if there's something that you want to know we'll find that expert for you for sure we love hearing from our listeners and we would love to connect and continue the conversation so see you all on the next episode of ask the expert thank you so much bye now bye bye everyone thank you

- Nancy Griffin: Empowering Women Through Wealth and Wellness: Kind: captions Language: en You've lived a great life and done well for yourself, but what mark will you leave on the world? How will you inspire future generations? Stan Miller and Katie Bethand have helped thousands of people answer exactly those questions. If you've ever wondered what will be my legacy, you're in the right place. Welcome to the Your Life, Your Legacy podcast. Now, here are your hosts, Stan and Katie Beth. >> Welcome back to the Your Life, Your Legacy podcast with your host, Katie Bethand. My guest today is the CEO and founder of Women Worth and Wellness, Nancy Griffin. Nancy, thank you so much for jumping on with me today. >> Katie, thanks so much for inviting me. This is a real pleasure. >> Absolutely. So before we dive in and talk a lot about women worth and wellness, I was hoping you would take a few minutes and tell our listeners a little bit about your background and really kind of what inspired you to start this organization. So tell us a little bit about you, Nancy. >> Okay. Well, I won't go into the first career in all those configurations, but I was recruited into wealth management by this woman who basically did a 180 degree. I was headed in one direction. We were having coffee and she said, "Nancy, I don't know why you think you want to spend 20 of your next years doing that. I think you should take a look at wealth management." because she'd been given a bagload of money as a VP of a firm that had been outplaced and went seeking advice and fell very short of what she felt was ideal. So, she was a wealth manager, recruited me, and of course meet my boss, met her boss, he and I got along just fine. He said, "Well, you've got to go and get some some credentials first, pass a few tests, get a few licenses, and away we go." And then of of course as soon as you arrive into a great firm, they'll do all sorts of training and coaching. But at the end of the day, you've got to go find your own clients. And they tell you the most important thing is to find clients to whom you feel you can add the most amount of value. And this was in the '9s. This is just when women were really starting to earn a whole lot more and really starting to pay attention to putting that whole primarily an investment plan. you know, I ramped it up and I call it a wealth plan, but we're really, really interested in that. And so that's what I did. And one of the investment groups that I worked with had a whole program targeting women. And so I took their program and did a first event one Saturday afternoon in November, way back when, and I had 172, I think, women show up because everybody was so keen. This was kind of a new topic. And so you work that group until you've got clients on board with you. But then as you sit and work with these individual women, there's a new aha. And the new aa is that women are kind of the nurse practitioner in their family. They're expected to know about everybody's well-being and how much knowledge do they have and how much time do they have to go get that knowledge. And so that's when I decided to partner with notfor-profit health related organizations that were focusing on women. Uh for example, in Toronto, we have a hospital called Women's College Hospital. It's over 100 years old. And so that was a perfect partnership because they had a lot of tremendous resources and they were really taking the approach on we want to know more about women. Not women as little men. We want to know more about women. The other thing is is this heart disease is the leading cause of death for women, not cancer. And so did an event with them and of course some of my clients came and brought their friends and but every time, so this is kind of a long answer to your question. Every time I hosted one of these events, I would charge a nominal amount like $25 or $50 and it would go to that notfor-profit organization. So then I can show women how that charitable donation enhances their net worth. A very small donation, very small impact, but when you're doing your tax return, it's really nice to have deductions like that to minimize the amount of tax that you're paying. And then also we also know that once we're in a situation where we give or we share, we feel good. So these women were, you know, starting to understand the whole scenario around uh net worth and self-worth, charitable giving. And of course, fast forward 30 plus years later and women have a whole lot more wealth to steward. And of course, as you well know, they're starting to inherit lots of wealth with a whole lot more to come. So it's transformational philanthropy. It's really women's power at its finest, but a lot of women kind of are like, "Oh my goodness, you know, now what?" >> Right. Yeah. It can be overwhelming. And it's interesting because you've been in in this business and kind of doing this part of the piece of the program for such a long time. You've seen how, you know, there was already a need for this, you know, whenever you started 20, 30 years ago. And now I feel like that need is just expanded. Like you said, there's women that have built their own wealth. There's a lot of women that are inheriting wealth, especially coming from this baby boomer generation. We're on the estate planning side of things. So, that's a lot of what we deal with. And women have kind of were taking over in the workplace as well. And so, there are just a whole bunch of different pieces in there. And most things, whether it's in in business or in the health industry, it's really geared naturally towards men. And so I thought it was interesting that you pointed out the fact that for women it's actually heart disease that is our number one concern. So all of this history, all this background, it's what inspired you to go out and start this business. And so tell our listeners who may not have heard about Women Worth and Wellness, you know, exactly what type of services and training and leadership coaching and what type of things do does women worth and wellness provide? >> Okay. Well, when I started, I created this I started this whole focus in 1992. In 1994, I trademarked the brand. If we go back to my first career, I was with Proctor and Gamble. So, you know, the power of a brand. And I also was in a strategic coaching sort of a a group situation where business owners were being coached. And one of the things that they emphasized to the max was your unique ability. Everybody has unique ability. Know what it is. define it and define it in terms of how you can bring forward that to the max. So the women worth and wellness whole idea came from all of that sort of happening all at the same time. But the other thing was as I spent more time with women going back to the health component there was really no point in building a wealth plan if you haven't focused on getting the health scenarios out of the way to begin with. For example, mental health is huge. We know that and if you don't have the right mindset for your wealth plan, then it's very difficult to have that conversation. We also know that if you are not healthy, you're not going anywhere anytime soon. And so making health the first order of business was really something that I focused on as I started to work with a lot of different people. And then as I developed wealth plans, I built that health aspect into the wealth plan because an excellent wealth plan will have anticipated all sorts of challenges going forward. You know, number one is retirement. Will you have enough money to support what you want in retirement? What if a critical illness pops up in the interimm? Are you protected? Are you going to have to draw down from your investment portfolio? What about a disability? What about premature death? So it really really became a very holistic brand and the more people started to realize about the importance of good health and the opportunities that philanthropy present the more you can circle back and invest back in health as it pertains to what you believe is most important. You know another example is Parkinson's for example. Some families have been stricken with Parkinson's. Now you realize it's like, well, where the heck did that come from? And is this something that's going to affect me? Well, you know what? I really want to start supporting the Parkinson's organization with to help them with more research dollars so they can lower the microscope and hopefully make things better for a lot of people going for it. I love it because I love your holistic approach to women and wealth and the fact that you've built I think that missing piece that a lot of people miss is the aspect of really thinking through health and I love what you just said about that relating directly to philanthropy. You know, if you have a history of breast cancer in your family, if you have a history of Parkinson's or type 1 diabetes, whatever it might be, there are some great opportunities out there for you to use your wealth and your influence to really make a positive impact, not only for other people here, but you know, possibly for your future generations and your family as well. So, I think that's really just a very cool that the holistic approach is definitely something that is needed and I love that your program has all of that. Would you say that you have an ideal client, Nancy? And if so, or maybe an ideal set of characteristics or a phase of life that someone may be in. What does your ideal client look like? >> Well, normally when people engage with a wealth advisor, they're thinking about their investment portfolio. That's AAA1 priority. And certainly it is a priority, but that's not the whole scenario. And so as a wealth advisor, you need to you need to find where that client is coming from in terms of not just their holdings at this point in time. You know, real estate, second properties, whatever. You do a complete inventory. It's what else they would like to invest in. And I'll give you an example. I was lined up for a play in Toronto and you know a whole big crowd of people and out of us out of the blue this woman looked over and went Nancy and she said oh my god we talk about you what I'm thinking oh no cuz she's saying this in front of other people. Well what I had done cuz sometimes wealth advisors want all their wealth to come to that person to look after. Well, what I had done, which is what they wanted to do, was coach them on how to buy investment real estate. And she said, "We ended up buying three different properties and we're just so happy with what we did." And that was because you encouraged us to do it and supported us and making it happen. So now if they were still my clients, we could talk that through to a further extent as it pertains to tax savings that will happen if they think philanthropically. So you know, there's so many different dynamics. There's so many different personalities. People are so busy focusing on everything that they need to that as a wealth adviser, you kind of just have to hone it in. But you can only hone in once you have a sense of where they're coming from and what their priorities are and then keep the dialogue going because if you've got some suggestions on how to enhance that, it will only come from you understanding from where they're coming so that you can enhance that. >> That makes perfect sense. And I love your example story that you had in there as well. A lot of times as an adviser, the ripple effect of some of these things that you do, you never even get to know about. So, it's neat that you had some client interactions like that. Very cool. So, you've been doing this for a while now. As a wealth advisor, what would you say are some of the biggest mistakes that you see women in this position making? >> Not owning it, not owning the opportunity and the responsibility. It's almost like they pull the blind down like, "Oh my goodness, this is too complicated. This is just too much. Oh my goodness, I don't have time for this. Oh my goodness, who am I going to, you know, talk to?" Whatever. And so the biggest mistake is just not owning it. And women are smart, very, very smart, but very, very busy. But at the end of the day, you're the number one asset. So you need to be your number one agent. And you need to look after yourself to the max. Because that's when you're able to not only be your best, but also help others be their best, too, which is always what women want to do. I mean, women go out of their way for other people and often forget about themselves. So just owning the responsibility of looking after the greatest asset which is you from a health standpoint and a wealth standpoint. >> Yes. I love that. And on your website I you have good health is true wealth which is certainly true as women particularly as mothers. We do certainly tend to put I've got a husband and four kids. So you know a lot of days I feel like I'm living with work with my spouse's needs certainly with my kids needs. I take care of everybody else. And then I get whatever's left over at the end of the day, whether that's financially, whether that is emotionally, whether that is, you know, my my energy, putting my health, my workouts in the background. And so women have that tendency to much more so than men to to put everybody else first and then take care of whether it's health or getting finances together or getting educated on what their financial options are. We put all of that on the back burner. So for that woman kind of living in that phase of life. What is your best advice? Own it is important, but what is some advice that you could give to help a woman understand that she's got to make some of these things a priority? And here's the key, Nancy, not feel guilty about it. >> Oh, definitely. Well, we all know how incredibly successful the tour was with Taylor Swift. And if I had the opportunity to do a tour like that, it would the theme would be worthy. You are worthy. You are worthy. And just pay attention to how worthy you are and know that in your own head. Like it's a mindset because we think about so many different things all the time. And you with four kids plus a house plus a husband, that's a that's a challenging a lot of mindset that goes towards others. So never feel guilty. You're absolutely right. Just know that you are worthy and know that you are worthy of looking after yourself to the very best of your ability and you just own it. You own it because you're you in doing that, you're going to be a role model to your kids so that they're never going to be riding in the backseat in their lives. You know, they're going to be driving their own lives into the future to the very best of their ability. >> That is excellent advice. I would love to take that clip and just post it everywhere for women to see. So, just a couple of questions left. My first one is easy. What else is it that you want our listeners to know? Wisdom that you've learned, services that you offer. What else is it you hope our listeners can take away from this podcast? >> Very, very good question. Very, very good question. I think just, you know, life, the lives that are given to us are gifts. They really are special gifts. And I think just living your life and loving your life every single day is really important. And that's why individually we need to have a lot of conversations with ourselves like am I enjoying doing what I'm doing? If I'm not, how do I step up to this and make some changes respectfully? I'm never suggesting that people behave with anything less than respect. But also, I think women really have tremendous capacity and capabilities. I just would like to see more women really stepping up to that next level and having and being brave and courageous enough to step up because we see what in the world is going on and I think we really do need more women leaders just making a huge difference because well two examples are Melinda Fridge Gates and McKenzie Scott and I'm sure you follow them closely to see what they're doing but they didn't have to do any of that and they're doing it in their own way and obviously providing a lot of support to a lot of organizations, but more importantly, they're setting a new tone for women's leadership with philanthropy and being incredible role models to generations behind them. And what's wrong with that? I think that's exceptionally admirable. >> Absolutely. I agree with that. All right, last question. This might be the hardest one. I'm not sure. through all the work that you have done over the years through women worth and wellness and also as a financial adviser, what would you say you hope your legacy will be? >> Well, that's a really really good question. Really good question. Well, I define myself as a connector and an influencer and also anybody I spend time with has to be generous and have a sense of humor. So, at the end of the day, I the other day I said to my husband, "Here's a song for my funeral." And that's the Eagles, Take It to the Limit. >> I love that. >> And so, I hope my legacy is one where there's some humor. Definitely humor. Like, in other words, she's lived her life. She's really pushed the limits, but obviously she's made a difference as she's gone along. And I've taken on a few changes within the last or a few challenges within the last few years. And I often say people really really know when things are wrong. And so what you need to do is deal with that wrong. Like don't accept it. If it's not right, then deal with it respectfully and try to turn that wrong into a right. And so again, it's just, you know, living your life with authenticity and whatever your uniqueness is and stay vertical and keep smiling. Okay, I'm throwing in one last additional question just because I want to know because I feel like I'm getting so many great nuggets of wisdom from you. So through through your career and your leadership training, all of these different things, is there a time tell me about a time I'm sure there's probably at least one. What is a mistake that you made that you wish and what's the advice you would go back and give to yourself before that? >> Not having been a wealth adviser 20 years earlier. It's a perfect spot for women to be and I know the numbers are still low like a what 25 30% max of wealth adviserss being female. It is a perfect perfect role. Really really wonderful. So satisfying. I mean obviously you've got to be smart enough to get all those credentials in place and once you do then it's never ending. You can keep on ramping up for even more. So, >> you have to be smart, you have to be caring, you have to be diligent, you have to be hardworking, you have to be kind, you have to be a good listener. All of the qualities that women are. It's a wonderful, wonderful career. So, I'm sorry I wasn't in it 20 years earlier. >> That is really that's great. So, if there are any listeners out there, men or women, that are thinking about making the jump, Nancy encourages you to do that. Don't wait. Don't stay stuck. >> No, no, not at all. >> That is great wisdom. Well, thank you to all of our listeners for joining us. This has been the Your Life, Your Legacy podcast with your host, Katie Bethand. And my guest today was Nancy Griffin. And to connect with Nancy, you can visit womenworthwellness.com or you can email her directly at nancy@womenworthwwellness.com. Nancy, you have given us so much fantastic wisdom coming out of this. I know I will take it all to heart and I know you are very busy. So, thank you for taking the time out of your day to come and share everything with us. My pleasure, Katie. And you keep up all your great work. Lots of fun. >> It's lots of fun. >> Thanks for listening to the Your Life, Your Legacy podcast with Stan Miller and Katie Bethan. If you enjoyed the show, please rate, review, and subscribe on Apple Podcast, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcast. To find out more about Stan and Katie Beth, go to pinnacle legacylaw.com. You can also find links in the show notes.

- Women's Wealth & Wellness Zoom Call (W 3/27/19): Kind: captions Language: en okay so hi everyone I'm Damaris Marcato thank you for being here today welcome to the call as you have received this invite so the call you know what it's about so there's no surprises here everyone's here their own free will and we're just in for a very good moment for the next 20 minutes or so and I feel very happy to have a couple of special guests on the call can everyone hear me if you can hear me maybe the thumbs up that'll be great I can see some people awesome once again if you're just joining the call you can type into the chat box if you have a message that can go directly to me or to the whole group that's how we communicate you can ask questions as well we have a few people who have dialed in so welcome to the call as well this is a zoom call for those of you who have dialed in resume call allows us to be able to see one another it's video multi video platform anyhow so here we are today and I'm really excited to share today to share a little bit of my story I am happy to as I put in my Facebook post and my Instagram post to come out if you will I've been very fortunate to have a wonderful opportunity that kind of fell in my lap and I just want to be able to share that so the past couple of years I've been really working on my own health and helping other people get healthy and as well as make some money along the way and after being asked by a few people what I'm up to I said okay it's time for me to start sharing so that's what this call is about it's a series of calls that I'll be hosting this week we're focused on women's health and wealth and next week we're focused on men's health and the following week will be on athletes so you can invite to these different calls that we're having and then the following week will be this 18 to 3035 age group it's a whole different dynamic going on but today we're focused on women's health and wealth and so a little bit of my story is well with regards to this this opportunity that we want to share it is called Isagenix some of you may be familiar with Isagenix don't go searching for it now we're going to tell you some information you might spell it wrong and find all kinds of other stuff you don't want to order on Amazon either you want to connect back with the person who shared this call with you today to really help customize your experience and get you more information if you're interested so a a few years ago is introduced to this my a friend of mine and it was at a really great time in my life I was feeling a little bit so let's just say frumpy and rather without energy and just I was at the point where either I was gonna have to get a whole new wardrobe or I was gonna have to lose some weight because I was feeling a little bit swollen too so after I had tried a program I in very short time I released about seven pounds at 11 inches off my body and I was able to get back into the pants and everything else in my wardrobe so I was very happy and it was much less costly to do that than to invest in all sorts of new clothes don't get me wrong I still treat myself to some nice garments every now and then and also that was waking up before my alarm clock so I felt like wow okay this something just went off inside me and I knew that I had to share this because I just was hearing too many stories about people who were not doing well who we're not feeling well and that was one aspect of it and because I have my own health and wellness business around yoga meditation and it's a more of a part-time thing but I also saw the opportunity to be able to help people and on a referral basis be able to receive some income that was much needed as a single parents as well as taking care of a very ill family member at the time and about having to go into an office and work somewhere I was able to work from anywhere so these are the two aspects for me that have really made a difference in my life that I've been able to share with other people and have them have their own stories and have differences in their lives as well and so basically I went from feeling kind of fat in front beats a little bit fit and fabulous is what I like to say and with that being fade I want to invite one of our guests on here today so I know that Joanne and Julie you both have phenomenal stories to share let's see who would like to go first if not I'll just basically pick let's go with let's go with Julie Julie where are you so Julie no Julie I want to just kind of you know introduce you really quickly because some people may not really know a bit of your background but Julie is a dynamic speaker an actress a comedian and educational consultant Julie has been a very dear person in my life she's she's had a host of personal things go on to and she has been a strong influence of perseverance for me as well and was someone who I had shared Isagenix with a bit before she actually got started and I'll let I'll let you take it from there Julie sure and thank you for all of that I am you know the thing is my story is very much analogous to yours and I do recall prior to to my coming to you you mentioning Isagenix because I used to have these parties group to the to the team where I would once a year get to see everybody that I really loved did they come to my house and I remember Antonia Ponte who was on this call is someone that I have known more years that I will ever admit to anyone on this hall yes he was my babysitter just kidding anyway he he came to one of my parties and he brought this fabulous woman with him she was fabulous and I just I don't know there was just something about Lady Dhamma that I couldn't get over and she was amazing I think she probably brought it up to me because I think that's true I was trying to push all this food on both of them and they kept refusing it was really fatty terrible food anyway beside the point I in April of 2017 I actually reached out to Dhamma because I I have been taking care of my mom for five years and mom had passed away and to be quite frank while I was taking care of her I wasn't taking care of myself I was giving her superior care yet I was falling apart I wasn't eating properly I wasn't moving properly I wasn't doing anything properly and after my mom died I actually got worse because I was eating and eating and eating because I was trying to fill a hole you know and I was trying to do it with food and it was just a bad scene and a year after she died I was at the doctor and I got on the scale and I almost passed out they took my blood pressure and it was I can't even tell you what it was but it was I was dying I'm killing myself and I didn't know what to do because I've done these crazy diets for a year because I I felt myself going out of control but I didn't know what to do to get myself back into control and I don't know literally out of the blue one day I just picked up the phone and I called da Morrison and I said you know you always look so great and so vibrant and so a lot what you know I just I I think I was actually crying on the phone and she talked to me about Isagenix and here's the thing I you know I'm sure anything can work for anybody but what I do know is the thing you choose to work for you you have to be all in and I was ready to change my life and I was ready to change my body and I committed myself to the program and you know with something at the Times like hood it's expensive but you know what the Hammers told me which is so true which I always knew is you know at what cost what you know what price are you gonna put on your health and well-being for the rest of your life and so you know I stuck to that program and let me tell you I literally started April 1st 2017 well we have a nice adversary' happening and that's exactly right April 1st 2017 and here was the weirdest thing is that in June I was going to France and I was freaking out whenever I'm in France I drink and I eat and blah blah blah but I was 234 pounds April 1st when I went to France June 27th two days before my birthday I was a hundred and ninety-eight pounds from April to June I actually lost weight while I was in France I did not have my Isagenix with me but I actually lost weight because I'd gotten myself into a system and into a mode and then I came back and I continued on the program I lost my 70th pound in December of 2017 I went from 30% BMI to a 23.1% BMI now the other part of it is to I aggressively workout which is amazing but I did not start my workout until I lost some weight with Isagenix and I tell you it's just yeah I wake up at 4:30 in the morning I have energy I do you know it's it's great and I had my annual physical and my weight has fluctuated more than four pounds since I lost my 70th pounds so it's it's been a great story that is a tremendous life changing story that is a tremendous story Julie thank you so much for sharing and that's I wanted to have you on this call because I wanted people to hear your story because I've known it but not too many people have known it you know and and I just really wanted to be able to highlight you and and the experiences that you went through because often times people just see like these before and after pictures but I think it's really important for people to understand life is happening different aspects of life are happening right and and we can be inconsistent and that's part of life but it keeps going and you can fall off the wagon get back on the wagon for and this is a very forgiving program because I've seen this happen with numerous people and Joanne you can speak to that as well and so with that I'll bring in Joanne and then we can continue having conversation I in honor of everyone's time I don't want to you know take too much time so I'd like to wrap up the call like another 10-15 minutes tops but but I want to bring Joanne into the fold right now because Joanne has been a mentor for me she's been a coach for me she's been the one who kept in touch with me when after I had first started Isagenix and then you know had kind of good for a moment and you know she just really kept me inspired and brought me back around to reassure me to just keep going with this and keep sharing with people and to never give up so Joanne's might never give up person Joanne we actually flew down to Puerto Rico together at the end of January and hung out for a moment and stake it together Joanne is a flight attendant she is a lifelong learner she's a health coach she's sort of finding a whole bunch of things a wife a mom and she's soon to be retiring I guess you can say when on her part-time income that she is generating through Isagenix and she has her own transformation story so Joanne please definitely share how can I not stay in touch with lady dama hello girl danvers and I met a Dan Isagenix of that and the rest was history and and we were we just became lifelong friends so I adore you my story is is pretty simple um you know my my mother-in-law got really sick and she had heart disease and she had passed away and it was a wake-up call for my husband and I and my husband was overweight and we were like okay we have to do something we have to make a change so my husband wanted to lose weight I wanted to lose weight too but more so for me is was my energy I there was a point that I was just tired all the time and I remember shopping once with my mother and I had said to her something's wrong I'm sick I'm sick I mean this is I shouldn't be feeling like this something's not right and um you know my husband and I were trying to do the right things we're exercising we're dieting and you know it just wasn't working for us and we hired a personal trainer and I remember this trainer said you have to find some type of protein shake because you have to get these nutrients into your body whey protein you know is very your body will absorb it you know you have to get it up I was like what kind of shakes and he could not recommend to any shakes to me and for me my mom would give me crannies and instant breakfast but we were growing up so like that was the only shake I knew and he would not give me a name and then I remember back in the 80s I think it was it was this big scare with protein shakes I don't know if any of you guys remember that um I'm much older than a lot of you I just had my 60th birthday but you know so I I went to work and a friend of mine in just casual conversation told me that she lost a significant amount of weight I think she said she lost 40 pounds but more important that she had all this energy and her energy was through the roof and I was like I like went over the tables and I was like I don't care what it is give it to me I need it and I bought this like like one of the largest programs you could get with Isagenix I just whipped out my credit card and I was like here I think I bought the the president's pack and I cuz I wanted my husband and I to share this and it was pretty expensive and I remember I took it home and my husband he almost divorced me he was like you spent like hundreds of dollars on a protein shake why didn't you ask me I said first of all you would have said no I said and you know it's better to ask forgiveness than ask permission I said second of all it's a 30-day money-back guarantee and I wanted us to share this so it was like you know I got enough for the two of us and what do we have to lose you know no pun intended and my husband who was nearing 300 pounds looked at me he said look at me he goes if I can't drink a shake for dinner unless you're putting a pizza in it um he goes I will starve to death I said bill just try it and this man took to it I took to it he went on to lose 65 pounds and the thing is is that shake is a perfect balance of protein carbohydrates and fats it's a perfect meal and it has it's chock-full of nutrients all for 240 calories so it feeds your body and when it feeds your body you're not hungry so you know he thought it was going to be hungry but for the first time we were actually putting nutrients in our body because our food supply unfortunately just doesn't give us what it needs it's just nutritionally deficient so these shakes and then along with the cleansing process which was a key for me you know the once I started cleansing that the cows just started melting off like nothing else and I lost 22 pounds and my energy levels were through the roof I was like I just life had changed so I you know I took I set my girls off to college with it now I told them I said listen just drink the shakes just take the Greens I don't care what you guys do I need to you need to put this nutrition in your body and so I sent them off to college with it I got my mother on it I got my dad on it and I remember getting a credit card in the mail with two hundred and fifty dollars on it I was like what I mean the company pays is paying me to share something I love with those I love what would happen if I shared it with everybody I came into contact with because I I just truly love this program I've done my research it is a pure no compromise company their ingredients are third-party tested and I'm just in love with it and I will shout it out to the world and because the company pays you for sharing it and it pays you well I am I am gonna retire very soon my part-time income is not starting to match my full-time income and I'm able to fly less and less and less you know I don't know if I'll quit complain because being a flight attendant and flying for free is actually fun and I could get to go on trips with my friends Demarest like she said we went to San Juan it was fun she flew with me I worked and I served her and she she was a princess but you know so you know that type of things are fun but I don't have to work as much and it's it's just been an amazing journey and I'm just so proud to share this and shout it out to the world and like I think it was Julie who said you know it's not expensive like at what cost you know it's expensive compared to what because it's not I mean your health care when you get sick that's expensive and it may seem expensive because you're buying like 30 days worth of food at once and if we were going to this going to go to the supermarket and buy all that stuff we would be in shock if we had to go to Starbucks and buy you know 30 days worth of coffee I mean we would be in shock so it kind of seems like a lot because you're paying it up front but you're replacing that price were for a few meals and so it's it's really not expensive at all well what oh my gosh I'm looking at the time the time is flying I'm sure there's a few people on the call who may be wondering about their own stuff right and how they can you know use Isagenix to achieve their goals and I'm looking at some of the people who are on this call there's a couple people who are hidden and I don't either through their video or their name here but some of the other people I get an ID I know a little bit of their stories and I know who's on the line so we have varying ages age ranges here from early mid-20s you know I guess up at 60s it kind of looks like right if we have to put numbers we have different professional backgrounds on the call and so what I love is that this company appeals to all kinds of people there are no barriers for education for race religion age you know proximity or rather location you know Isagenix is open in 17 different countries or 18 different countries and territories and you know I have a bit of a business happening and and working with people in different parts of the world and there a number of people who are on my team and so who I've never met and you know I want to invite you to understand a little bit more if your interest is in understanding how to generates more income right after this call one of our partners is having a call her name is Susan Miller she is absolutely phenomenal she was a hairdresser for a number of years also a mom has one child's going into college one child just out of college she became a millionaire within a couple of years solely with Isagenix so the potential is there for anyone if they want to just earn maybe a few hundred dollars a month or a week or a few thousand or whatever your goal is it's there for you it's as we know anything we put anything we want to do is gonna require whatever effort is necessary for it to happen in our lives no matter what right so I will put that number up on the chat as we're wrapping up this call in a moment I definitely want to say that we cannot make any claims to heal to cure the FDA says the only ones that can do that are them and that it would have to be labeled a drug and so when we start to talk about products and drugs and nutrition we also have a separate call for that during the week as well so this this time today is really about just hearing some people's stories and I want to invite you back to connect with the person who shared this information with you to be here today to find out more and really personalize what it is that you are seeking for your life and to be able to hold hands and run alongside you to help you achieve your goals and well there's a few different reasons why people might get involved and I don't know if you want to share a couple of those Joanne but um are you muted I'll definitely share because they speak about this every day but people decide to use Isagenix for many reasons and a lot of people just use it for health purposes like I will use it every single day for the rest of my life I'll drink a shake I'll drink my greens and there's they have a lot of other products vitamins and stuff but a lot of people are using it just for health purposes to gain to boost their immune system more energy sleep better you know they're going through hormonal stuff it balances you out so they're using it just for health purposes and then we have a lot of athletes using it because you know this the whole program it burns toxic fat and it helps them with workouts helps them with recovery after workouts so we have a whole sports line that athletes absolutely love and then of course the primary a lot of people are just coming in for weight loss but I have to tell you this once you put these products in your body and it's a 30-day money-back guarantee you are going to get physical visible results within days not weeks not month days and people are going to notice and they're going to want what you have and you're you're going to share it you're going to share it you're going to share it with those you love and and the companies go to pay you and if you don't want to get paid then find a charity because you're gonna get paid anyway if you start if you start to share it but a lot of people you know I don't want to stop on that wealth creation because you know Isagenix is a network marketing company and I know sometimes network marketing has a negative connotation with it but it's not and you know our companies our products are second to none and we have the best compensation plan in the industry and I have to tell you guys if you don't want to share it with anybody if you don't want to make money it doesn't matter we're not about that you know just get these products in your body secret yourself if you don't like it on the 29th day get your money back I mean it's as simple as that thank you so much for sharing that surely so once again I invite you to get back to the person who shared this call with you we're gonna jump because we like to support one another and the calls that we have here we have a wealth of calls happening each day there's a call the company puts on their calls we have teams that come together we have Facebook groups that support through coaching whether it's a product or health experience that you are seeking are you gonna take a picture am i on the screen right now I am okay because I see you Joanne sorry so I got distracted because I see your big camera hard like in my face right now that's the funniest thing anybody who listens back to this recording is watching us no clue what's going on but because I see everybody's little windows up here anyhow so I just put it into the chat area the information for the zoom call that's happening that's starting now as soon as we hang up from here so I won't close this this window yet because I want you to grab that information the zoom call for more information if you're interested on hearing more and more specifically with regards to how to generate some income whether it's some side income income to you know pay a water bill or a car or the student loans or have some money for vacation or help out with you know healthcare whatever it is whatever it is for you I would encourage you to get on that call just you can hear some more information I'll read it out loud for those who are not on the zoom if you can just grab something to write it down real quick about the product to Susan will probably go into her story so it absolutely right because she is an autoimmune survivor she definitely afflicted with quite a bit for a number of years and so she'll be sharing a bit of her story but her main thing right now is really about helping people to make money and alleviating the financial pain and that's another thing that really aligns me with this with this company is their mission because it also aligns with my spiritual practice and that is to help free people from physical and financial pain and I feel like if we have the opportunity the possibility and the wherewithal to do so and it's within our power then we have that responsibility to share and to help others prosper so that's you know those are my goals I know that I'm striving to continue to do that there are a lot of causes that are interest to me and charities that I like to donate to and those are driving forces for me so that call number you do the same thing same way you got on this zoom you would the ID number is nine five one eight nine nine six zero seven one once again that's zoom ID nine five five eight not feel sorry nine five one eight nine nine six zero seven one and then the dial and info if you're calling by phone is six four six five five eight eight six five six and then you enter that same ID number kind of like the same way you got on this call anyhow I want to thank all of you for being on this evening giving of your time for everyone staying and hanging out get back to the person who introduced you to this call tonight and be mindful next week we're gonna have a call on Monday at 8 p.m. and that one's gonna be focused on men's health and wealth thank you for being here see you next Monday take care ciao for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @SKYBOYSFO: Super!
  2. @joeysold: This was a very informative call who anyone who wants to improve their health and change their financial blueprint!

- Tracy Campoli: How To Make Wellness A Priority | Whole CEO with Lisa G: Kind: captions Language: en it was the worst year for a lot of us for our mental as well as physical health so joining us this morning is best-selling author coach and fitness expert lisa goldenthal thanks for coming to the power up your pivot 100 podcast series get ready to feel unstoppable energized resilient unshakable and unbreakable live your best life we've all been knocked to our knees learn how to bounce back better body mind and soul overcome the copic curves and anxiety and live your best life so that you can be unstoppable resilient and have more energy set yourself up for the win she's a lifestyle and wellness expert who helps women lose weight get fit and create bodies and lives they love with over 25 million views on her youtube channel trace is the go-to for all things wellness fitness and inspiration she's been featured on good morning america abc 7 business insider wellington usa today pilates style and war she's a television host for the connect network show on cw network creator of amazing arms in just seven days her signature program to help women over 40 say bye-bye to backlinks tracy campoli lives in miami with her husband and two-year-old daughter welcome to the show tracy thank you so much for having me lisa it's so great to do something like this catch up with you and spread the word it's awesome it's so great to have you i want to jump right into the topics because it's a crazy world we're living in right now and the new pandemic in my opinion is mental health and physical health so how do we make wellness a priority in this crazy world i love that question i mean i think if anything that this last year and a half has taught us is that you know your health is the best investment you know without our health we have absolutely nothing and um making sure that we're making that a priority you know it's not a luxury it's a necessity you know my father used to always say to me when i was a kid and of course i used to like roll my ass but he's like tracy if you have your health you don't have anything and he's right you know and so um i i think now more than ever it's like really seeing why it matters like why does it matter for you i can use myself as an example right like i'm a mom now so and i had my daughter at 44 i'm now 46 i'm gonna be 47 girls yeah babe and so i'm like i got to live to be 120 like so but that helps me because like everyone you know people think you know people like us you're in the wellness industry you're a healthy person like we are wired differently we're not i constantly have to talk myself into the workouts of eating healthy and i just generally do like eating healthy food makes me feel better but you know working out making that a priority every day every day i always will lie in bed and be like oh i don't feel like doing it today maybe i'll just skip it oh i'll do it later and it's like no because then i for me i just think about the kind of mom i want to be the kind of person i want to be how do i want to show up in the world and so i'm basically stepping more into my vision that can help to pull you or the other thing that you can do depending on what motivates you it's like if i think about how crappy i'll feel if i don't how i feel like i'm letting myself down i'm not keeping my word i'm not you know and so one of those two things it's either we want to be pulled towards something or we want to repel something like pulling towards something that we actually want right that vision that person that you want to step into or the person that you don't want to be who do you not want to be how do you not want to show up so whichever one motivates you the most but you know again you got one shot on planet earth this is it i i totally agree with you i just interviewed another one of my expert david melser who always says that if you have your health that would be what he wishes for his children and if not they they can have a thousand wishes if they have their health and if not they only have that one wish so i mean it makes me emotional because i think about it you know i think of like my daughter and it's like you know exactly that if you're healthy you can do anything you can create you know but if you know god forbid you're not you're you're that's the one thing that you you just want and you know life is now right you lose it right i love it i love that you talk about your vision and your why being you know your daughter you want to be around for a while and motivation and life is now that's a great quote i'm going to keep that one from you awesome quote and now that we're talking about the topic of motivation what are some of your top ways to find motivation i know we discussed this a little bit but do you want to expand upon that at all yeah you know i think especially when it comes to fitness right let's let's use fitness as an example or even eating healthy right right start with fitness you know people think the big misconception is like you gotta cry you gotta work and that's very like listen i could say this because i lived through it it's very like 1980s right i've been through it we totally like that that shiz is over right yeah and and to me i think again it's that pulling towards what you want so if it's not fun then don't do it right it doesn't mean it's not going to be challenging it doesn't mean that a workout isn't going to kind of push you to your edge a little bit but there's a general sense of like after i do it feeling like ah it's awesome like that was great it was a good challenge as opposed to like i absolutely hate that like for me personally i hate running you won't get me to run i'm pretty naturally good at it you know but i just don't enjoy it so i will never do that i will walk all day long i love you i love walking right it's and it's so great for you and you can do it for the rest of your life right like uh jumping on my mini rebounder those are things that are pleasurable and enjoy enjoyable for me so it's like you have to find what works for you maybe for you it's a dance class maybe it's you know a cycling class or maybe it's whatever it is but you've got to find like what is fun and enjoyable for you and that helps to keep you motivated the other really key thing um and at least i know it's reaches the choir with you here but if we don't have accountability yeah with a fitness program right the research shows that you have and this is crazy a chance of failure right if you don't have some accountability in it to me like is mind-boggling so you know if you're thinking like you're gonna do it on your own and be a lone ranger it's like you're just setting yourself up to fail now we all are have lived through like this pandemic life or living through it right right you don't have to necessarily have to have a trainer you know there with you maybe that's the solution for you but maybe it's having an online community or people like-minded people surrounding you so that you just have that sense of like checking in people cheering you on because we all have those days where it's like i don't feel like doing it today so those are two really key things is that you got to enjoy it and you have to have some kind of support and accountability whether that's from a trained professional or an accountability group you can do it with something paid something free it doesn't matter but please do not set yourself up for failure so don't be alone wolf and i love it that i know you have a dance background and i know to me i have no skills in that department but it would be impossible for me to be dancing and be in a bad mood so i love that you touched upon find something you love and don't be dragging yourself to do something you don't love like find something that motivates you and inspires you and makes you sort of smile like from exactly around and then you stick with it otherwise right like you'll be like it'll be like one of those things like oh i did that for like two weeks you know it's like don't do that all right well i know we're always using this excuse and i hate excuses i really hate these time things because we all the same 24 hours in the day but we all hear it so we're super busy what can you do to get yourself fed if you're super busy you know that's like the biggest challenge for most people right is time lack of time feeling like we don't have time but how much time do we waste right scrolling like it's just you know so it's like you have to have that reality check and exactly like you just said like we have everybody's got the same 24 hours of the day so the person that you look up to and admire the busiest person the most successful person they still have 24 hours in a day you know i have great news for everyone so everyone wants to lean in and listen to this right now because research shows that for women especially over the age of 30 the sweet spot for working out is actually just doing just 30 minutes a day that's awesome isn't that amazing i mean because i used to like again you said dance background i used to uh work out back in the day like when i was a dieter and i had that dance for mentality if it wasn't a 90-minute workout to me i thought it's not doing anything i remember those days myself i mean again total like 1980s 90s but um then i just started experimenting with what would happen if i just moved in a way that i wanted to in just 30 minutes which felt like like nothing you know and that changed everything for me and then i started doing all the research around it and from a hormonal perspective that's really the sweet spot so even the busiest person you can find 30 minutes now if you're like no tracy i cannot find 30 minutes i know someone out there is like you don't know me because i do like you know 12 hour shifts or maybe i'm a doctor or nurse or like whatever hear me out i have a woman that's a single mom she runs a rest she runs multiple restaurants in europe okay so that's a very busy like you know 12 hours plus being a single mom right she will do three ten minute chunks during the day which i think is brilliant research shows that even just you get those mental health benefits and you get health benefits even if you're just doing 10 minutes 10 minutes 10 minutes and everybody can do that i mean that's really quick you know super easy so she'll like do like a little sequence while she'll put in like a load of laundry and then come back to it later i mean we just have to like seek out those little pockets of time but i i promise you the hardest part is just getting started you know i always tell you fitness membership i'm like the hardest part is just pressing play once you press play it's like those endorphins start going within a few minutes you start feeling good and it's like you're gonna keep going well those are gold right there like some of these tips are totally gold i hope you guys are paying attention because we have a fitness expert here and i hate excuses too so it's like we all have the same amount of time in your day where are you wasting time how can you break up your workout and that way you're getting the endorphins like several times during the day which is the reason i love to exercise it used to be all these other twisted crazy reasons but i actually really am one of those weirdos that likes to exercise but i feel better i always feel better and and you guys can just carve out those 30 minutes in the day and i know you have a fabulous community so where can people um find you and you have any final tips on being unstoppable in your health and wellness yeah i mean well first of all everything i'm on all social media is tracy campbell so you can find me there you know like we mentioned my youtube channel if you just pop in my name you know stuff will come up so you know there's a treasure trove of content for you to just dive into and please do and also if you find me through lisa you know definitely just send me a dia send me a message or leave me a comment on a video i'd love to know um but being unstoppable i i love this topic i think it's just so powerful it's really about deciding you know deciding like this is my life this is it and how am i gonna make the most of it right now and i need to keep bringing it up but you know look we've been through something that you know other generations have not been through right through this through this kind of like a pandemic life and all of that and i think you know while it's been really difficult and challenging and you know all of the things right i also think there's been a huge gift oh absolutely right and that like life is now and this is what we've got so how do i want to show up who is the person that i want to show up today and i always tell my students my clients it's like you get to decide right now to step into that future vision of yourself that you want to create right now like yes in this moment in this moment in this moment look when the perfection doesn't exist right so you might like maybe like yelled at your husband speaking for a friend or you did something like weird right like no big deal but like life is now okay great all right that happened keep it moving you know step forward into that vision of that person that you want to be and by just doing that day by day by day micro decision after micro decision you start creating an absolutely amazing life amazing health and just an amazing experience well thank you for all these wisdom bombs you're a wealth of information on health and wellness i hope you guys are gonna get started just let us know if you just took this to get started and realize that the pandemic has just shown a light for me i know on whatever gaps are in my life it makes you want to fix them so if this doesn't shine a light on your health and wellness i don't know what will and thank you tracy thank you [Music] thanks for coming to the power to pivot 100 podcast launch whole ceo of lisa g after over 20 years helping people lose weight and get fit i'm excited to announce i have found the missing link message me if you want to learn how to look better feel better and go faster with a master don't forget to subscribe rate and review the podcast and share it with your friends

- Why Married Women Should Plan Their Financial Future | Your Business Your Wealth: Kind: captions Language: en we've noticed over time Korena that when we're working with a household there's all kinds of things they're just normal that we split up we do it in our own households these things Evan flow like okay you're gonna take care of the kids during the day I'm gonna go earn an income or we're both gonna go earn an income but I'll drop the kids off in the morning you pick them up in the afternoon we usually both spouses are not if there's a housekeeper both spouses not reaching out to the housekeeper it's like one person there's all these areas that we you know do the old divide and conquer to get everything handled I'll go to the baseball game you go to the Taekwondo match like that kind of stuff and those all work pretty well but in this area around money often times there is not a divide-and-conquer not a let's both be in the conversation in fact it's like abdication I think too often at least in our experience it's like 90% of the time if the man is given the option he will do the meetings without his wife and we allow that but only after they've gone through our additional initial coaching with both spouses because the last thing we want is for something tragic to occur and it's the first time that she's getting to know us and we let them know that up front that's more of a lifestyle thing for us that sounds like such a horrible experience for us to have we're just gonna protect ourselves against it and thereby protect the client but what nobody does ever is says to their spouse hey you raise the kids I mean I I'm okay with kids but the lot of fluids come out of these little suckers and they're kind of rude and I have to tell like they're evil you got to tell them like say thank you I bet I've told my three children say thank you between me and my probably a hundred thousand times and not one of them's even ten years old yet what in the world is a matter with these now of course I love them and I parent I don't do this but imagine if I looked at my wife and said okay listen I really like teenagers I'm not a super big fan of all these very short teenagers that people have so if you would you just take care of this and then I'll engage with it when they're teenagers that's the equivalent of what many spouses are doing and saying you handle all these long-term financial decision and then let me know when it worked out and my question is why so you know I think I think part of it is the divide and conquer right I do think that is a real thing nobody sits around and sing Kumbaya about the finances right I mean they just say great you've got that handles yeah you do no circle drum circle yeah so Rhonda even with the rhyme and conquer like you can divide up paying bills and one could take on that work but really what it means more often is one person's paying bills and the other one has no idea what the house is actually spending on half the things they're spending on yes and that's where it it's like divided and never talked about right concept right there right divided and hope for the best maybe that'd be a another podcast we could do so you know and I know that we have Paul and I have chatted about this before but Prudential actually did do a longitudinal study they did one in the early two-thousands and then they did another one in 2010 basically what they were looking at was at women's attitudes and beliefs about money and their involvement in making long-term decisions those data was showing same right like they feel very confident in doing the day-to-day stuff we know that women are making 80 percent of the purchases so they're making purchases they're handling the billows blah blah blah right but once we get outside of that Target Center and we look at insurance or we look at savings or we look at estate planning or whatever women are putting their head in the sand and basically the summary of that study was okay well what what ultimately provides confidence for women its knowledge right understanding the concepts the terminology but then also the experience and I feel like you know early on in my career in the financial industry I was doing a good job of the knowledge piece the problem was the experience was coming back that's where you know the work at home begins right like that's where women have to have that experience to build their confidence and I'll give you an example so we a couple years ago you know it's time to retire the the soccer mom van right you're like oh my gosh this thing's got two hundred thousand miles I'm done with it already and so I decided we were you know Tim and I decided we were gonna you know go car shopping and get a vehicle well he was super busy and I'm like listen I have some time today why don't I just buzz over there well what I do in those situations is I put myself in a situation where I'm a single woman right I'm walking into the dealership what's my experience what am I looking at what time and I test drive the vehicle I'm like okay I found the one so we come back right later that day to meet with the you know finance team do all the paperwork whatever blah blah blah and Tim looks at the guy the finance manager behind the desk and says hey I got a question for you he says how often do you have women come in here purchasing vehicles when the husband doesn't actually even know what we're purchasing and he thinks this is hilarious right like he gets a kick out of it you know and the and the guy behind the counter just goes white like oh my gosh now you know I did something wrong right no I'm just kind of curious you know the answer right there you know and so we get out to the vehicle and he's like you know like give him the keys and he drives home he's like oh good choice like you know and but here's the thing if if my husband had not afforded me the confidence and opportunity to gain the experience have the confidence I need I know know that if something happened to him you know God forbid right I could step into that role and say I bought it I bought a vehicle before I'm comfortable going to the dealership right so I think there's there's this opportunity for the men to afford their wives the opportunity to learn and grow with with a safety net right like hey if something totally went south I knew that I could call him right but at the same time I also now know that if something does happen to him I have that experience that I can draw and I think that's where the confidence comes in well and the thing that I I think about a lot you know we have an application process so if somebody wants to consider becoming client of ours we share with them our philosophy or what we may read of the un-- retirement talk and that we give our clients yeah this first time Corey's heard that yeah I just tell Cory here more about our new business initiatives so the but the idea that everybody knows in fact everybody is working toward like I put money my 401 K I'm saving money I'm sure they do those things but then when we ask how much capital at work is gonna be required for you to be financially independent part of our application only like one in 20 people have an answer and almost always that answer is the number we use in a case study in that philosophy conversation that we gave them prior to them applying so the thing that I think about is people are not preparing for what is nearly inevitable in this case retirement like not even knowing how much the number ought to be they're just doing some action toward it almost certainly for the women listening you are gonna outlive your husband almost certainly second husband's your wives are almost certainly going to outlive you and we've had a chance to work with some of those widows and I know that you think you're doing the right thing I know you think you're caring for them and handling stuff that they don't have to handle to uh but right now you know you like talking to a woman who's been through her entire careers in her early 60s lost her husband untimely and she's like I have no idea and it was like okay here's what a mutual fund is here's how your car insurance works now it was and she's not a fool it's just a whole domain she's never touched she's picked up on it quickly but to your point Rhonda if you're ever without him I would say odds are you're gonna be without him one day just statistically speaking women live longer period end of story one day every woman listened to this podcast even happily married and married for the rest of their husbands life their husband will not be married to them the rest of their life you'll have to deal with finances alone one day you don't want to be learning it at 75 I hope you enjoyed today's video thanks for watching be sure to subscribe to our Channel ring that bell and by the way make sure to share this video I don't know if you know this but my cyborg body runs 100 percent on YouTube views and likes please don't let my batteries die

- Women, Worth and Wellness: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, it's Mimi. Be heard, empower yourself. And that's what I try to do every day. In fact, it seems like I'm losing my voice. I must have been empowering myself a lot lately. So, today we have Nancy Griffin. Hi, Nancy. How are you? Hi, Mimi. I'm terrific. And I love your name. Oh, thank you. And I gave it to myself. Good. My birth name, but I always wanted a nickname. I never had one. So when I wrote my first book, uh, Raised by Wolves, Trapped by Demons, I gave myself a new name. Wonderful. Good work. Yeah. Never too late to change yourself and your person. No, not at all. Not at all. And Nancy knows well about that. Nancy Griffin. She is the CEO and founder of Women Birth and Wellness. And Nancy, you're a connector and an influencer, which is what I strive to be every day. And I think you attribute your success to your own determination and joy when focusing on your issues that you're interested in, which are women's health and wellness, hence creating women's worth and wellness. Does that about sum it up? Yes, it does. It definitely does. Okay. So, we're going to talk a little bit about that, about your personal journey and your mission. And um you know my mission is similar. Um it started out about empowering women and then a couple of things happened where I had to expand the mission to include also men and LGBT Q the whole spectrum of humanity. Wonderful. Perfect. So that's what I've been doing. So, what inspired you to create women and wellness? Well, I was recruited into the wealth advisory business in 1992. And as you may know or suspect, you are an entrepreneur. So, a company hires you and then you obviously you need to be licensed before you can begin in the industry. And whatever company you're working with, they train you on how to be a wealth advisor, but they don't give you clients. you've got to go find your own clients. And so, what's a wealth advisor? First of all, a wealth adviser is somebody who looks after your whole wealth portfolio. So, that includes your investment portfolio as well as well as all of your insuranceances and a whole wealth plan that takes you from where you're at currently to where you're headed. And of course, we know that nobody gets out of here alive. So, part of it is an estate plan and a legacy plan. Gotcha. Yeah, we call it something else here. But now I understand exactly that is. So, so you started in this field and you had to kind of turn your train yourself, right? So, you've got to go and find your own clients. So, that's and and normally they say, well, who are the people that you most often are are uh engaged or interacting with? And I decided that I would focus on women. It was in the '9s and that was when women were really starting to pay attention to getting their whole wealth scenario in order and um so off I went met with many women many became clients but as I worked with them I found that they've got a huge amount of responsibility for their whole family's health scenario like they're expected to know how to look after parents and kids and staff and themselves. And I realized, you know what, health really is the cornerstone first. Not let's not talk about money till we talk about health. Exactly. So I I started to do a lot of uh seminars with not forprofit health related organizations focusing on women. For example, heart and stroke was the leading cause of death for women, not breast cancer. And we know that a lot of the symptoms for heart disease for women are different than they are for men. Yes. And we know that a lot of the symptoms that are communicated are ones pertaining to men because a lot of the research has been on men. Oh, let's start there. No, we always, you know, when I was growing up and into young womanhood and getting older, yes, it was always considered that if you're going to die, it was going to be from breast cancer or in childbirth. you know, having your child and things like that. And no one ever talked to us about our heart. Never, never, never, never. And when I don't know how old you are, we're probably close. But um I remember when Jane Fonda came out with an exercise program and all the women were doing that not because of their heart, because they wanted to look sexy and lose weight, right? But actually she did us a favor because I left her heart. Right. So yeah, we were that was never focused on. You are correct. I don't want to interrupt, but that was so clear to me. So So again, with women having a disproportionate amount of responsibility for their family's health, they don't have time to go get all the info. And of course all these organizations health rellated focusing on women want women to know. So I would do seminars. So now women have increased their knowledge and their awareness. But more importantly they've now got contacts to go to if they've got questions. You can't phone your doctor up and say oh by the way is this a symptom of heart disease or you know should I be whatever. And uh so did all sorts of different events with all sorts of different organizations. I was based out of Toronto and in Toronto we have an amazing hospital worldrenown called Women's College Hospital. So focusing exclusively on women. Wow. And uh did their first golf tournament in 1994 and in 1997 we had a full complement 144 golfers. I think we had two men but you know again that was just when women were really getting into golf. So yeah, really the whole focus on women's health along with their wealth was really the momentum. So I started in 1992 and in 1994 I did a trademark on the women worth and wellness brand. My first career was at Proctor and Gamble. So you know the benefit of a trademark and a brand. Oh yeah. In the middle of branding myself. There you go. Definitely know So important. So important. And uh so over the years I've done all sorts of different events, but when I would host these events, I would charge a nominal amount like $25 or $50. And that then is a charitable uh gift which goes into your whole income tax return as a deduction. So you start to introduce charitable giving as an enhancement to your net worth. But also, as you know, if you're in a position to give or to share, that enhances your own personal selfworth. Oh, absolutely. Right. Small amount. I mean, you know, uh I raised my ch my girls as a single mother with no child support. So, I would take them to in the Salvation Army to get their school clothes every year. Amazing. Which people had donated, of course. And um whenever I could donate something, I would too. And it did make me feel that it wasn't just taking, but it was giving and receiving. Exactly. Exactly. Absolutely. Get that. So then fast forward, here we are 31 years later. Um, now that charitable giving transforms into philanthropy and legacy planning because women are earning a whole lot more than they've ever earned before, but they're also inheriting wealth from their parents and will inherit from their partners, assuming their partner is a male whose life expectancy is not as great as a female's. Exactly. And so stewarding more wealth than they've ever had responsibility for um from before is a whole new topic of focus and I am going to jump in again because um my parents are gone. They had no money but I had to take over at my my mother's um you know responsibility be her trustee etc. Um, and my husband 12 years ago developed Parkinson's disease. Oh my. Yes. So now I'm a caretaker for him. So it's like I raised my little girls all by myself. I took care of my mom when she died and uh now my husband of 37 years um is in stage four. So I had always uh the only thing he's ever interested in has been sports and money. So I always let him take care of the banking and all that stuff, you know. And um now I find myself um becoming the trustee, which is what sort of what we're talking about, and figuring out where to put this and where to put that and where's the best place for this to go. So I'm right in that spot that you're talking about. Yeah. And and I've done several podcasts, several interviews, and somebody one asked once asked me, "Are you seeing commonalities?" And I said actually I am. And the one commonality that has come up frequently is having trusted advisors. You need a trusted advisor for your wealth and you need a trusted advisor for your health. And what is a trusted adviser? A trusted advisor is somebody who's got all the competencies and the licensing you the credentials to be in that role. But more importantly, they're the person who has your back. They're the person who's got an attitude for your wellness. Yeah, I have that. I I the wellness part um I do have because I have had um decades of an illness called Shogun's disorder. It is now officially called Shogun's disease. And it was something that was poo pooed and overlooked by doctors for years. And they would say, "You have dry eyes." That that's all they knew about children's. And it turns out no, you can have progressive shoguns, which I have, which started in my eyes and then caused problems in the nasal area, then the throat, and it has gotten to the point where it's affecting my lungs. Oh my. Oh yes. So, I um I had the same doctor since I moved to Florida and that's 21 years. And how I found him was I asked every single woman that was good for you who their doctor was. Good for you. And when I got the most answers for this doctor, this is who I went to because Perfect. And he specializes in aging and geriatric medicine. Okay. And he has seen me through in the last 20 years breast cancer um st a stomach uh infection that resolved in 85% of my stomach being re removed. Um you know just a million things. And there's been several times where he disagreed with the specialist. Wonderful. or he said to me, "Did he do test XYZ?" And I credit him for saving my life. I'm more than is there you go. That's what a trusted advisor is. And unfortunately in Florida, our population is growing. You probably know mostly. And um the doctors just can't handle the amount of patients they're getting. So many of them have decided to go concierge, right? Which you know what that means. And he, you know, said to me, unfortunately, I am overwhelmed. I have to go concierge. And I sat my husband down and I, this sounds so cold, but it's true. I said, honey, the only thing wrong with you is Parkinson's. It was the truth. He's healthy as a horse. Blood workers, labs, there is no problems. I said, "You do not need a concierge doctor, but I do. So, I'm going to pay the $2,000 a year." Best decision I ever made. So, that's my where I want you to know I'm covered. Perfect. Perfect. Now, how do you spell this disease that you mentioned? I will. S and then J because it's Swedish. J O R G Rs. Um, interesting. Shows and yes and and the only doctors would actually know about it would be the eye doctors and possibly an ENT doctor, right? Because always wrote it off. And what happens is when it starts progressing, it mimics things like MS and lupus. Oh my. And they look for those markers and they're not there. Oh my. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. And the marker for this disease is extremely hard to find. Sometimes you don't even get a marker. And uh I I advocated for myself very strongly for a long time because I knew I did the research. I knew I had that. And finally I found a rheatologist that found the marker. He said, "I found it in your salivary glands." the more and it is progressing and the only thing they can do is treat the symptoms like there's no cure but I um I sleep with oxygen at night I don't need it during the day but at night my oxygen drops to the 80s right that's not good and I you know I do what I'm supposed to do but at least uh having the verification that you're not crazy and you do have something is important, you know. No, no, good for you. Good. Well, having a solution that treats the symptoms is really, really important. And also the affirmation from the doctor and my concierge doctor from the beginning told me, you absolutely have children. Wow. You absolutely have it and had been treating me for it for years. You know, interesting. Yeah. Yeah. It isn't unusual. I've had some shows on it and some I I wrote a book and it's in there too because a lot of things that happened to me I totally believe it was the showrints you know that caused me amazing amazing oh yeah so let's continue so I'm on the on the um financial advisor part um you know the bank I dealt with Wells Fargo when I went to them with my husband first thing I said to the man is are you a fiduciary and he said yes and I think he was surprised I even knew the name the word good good I could spell it I don't think many people even asked that question or women right so they have been very good and I we we just got done uh setting up a trust because of my husband's wonderful wonderful so I'm already trusty and we, you know, got a lawyer and we've taken care of all that. But you know what? It's like I'm in a position that some women are not in. So, let me ask you this. How does a woman that's struggling just to get by and maybe she has a tiny little savings account, is that a good place to start? Definitely. Definitely. She's probably younger. Yeah. Unless she's older and life has gone arry, right? But the thing but the thing is you can't disappear. Like really, it's your life. It's your future and you really want to make the most of it. And the best thing you can do is work with somebody who will help you. And if you have very little, you're still at the bank and banks have special people who will help you. Yeah. And of course, if you don't like that person, then see if there's another person or again like like you did in finding the doctor, ask your friends, you know, what bank are you with and who do you like? I have a six a 16-year-old grandson who is extremely smart, you know, honor society hoping, plus he's good in sports and, you know, the colleges are coming to him, so that's good. But he he also is looking at, you know, plan B's. What do I want to be besides a baseball player, you know, and he works as much as he can because with studying and the sports and everything, of course, but he gets super and he puts money in the bank. He has savings account and he actually is dabbling in the stock market. Perfect. Perfect. which see that's amazing. I mean 16 years old, but he's off to a good start. He is off to a good start. So anybody, no matter what your circumstances, and that's what we're talking about, you have to have something, some kind of plan, I don't care if it's a couple dollars in a savings account, you gota, right? And that adds up and you have to look out for, you know, when I I gotta say this and I think I'm right about this. When I was four, when I was raising my girls, I always believed that um property was the best investment you could have. Yes. Owning your own home. Yes. That was something that was attainable for me. And my first home was a trailer, a mobile home. But I own I owned it, you know, I put a down payment and I I owned it. And then later on, I used that trailer as a down payment on a house. Perfect. See, this is what women need to know. You could start out with nothing and build, but you have to have the courage. You have to have courage. I was just going to say the first order of business is to make it a priority and to pay attention. You know, some people just kind of wait for things to happen. Well, you know what? If you're not driving into your own future, then you're the person who is missing out on making the most of your life. Exactly. Exactly. So, what key lessons have you learned from connecting and influencing women in this particular space? Well, again, just what we just said, you know, really step into it. Pay attention to what's going on. Uh, educate yourself and there's so many different ways you can do that. Obviously, you can do it by reading, but again, women are very, very, very busy. And that's why the best way that I could uh help women understand and learn was to have events. And that that's also part of being an influencer because you're bringing other people into the scenario. So you're not just introducing information, you're introducing contexts and context so that you have go-tos heading into the future. And women really like that because women are so busy going in several directions at the same time. They also like to travel in packs. And so when I would have an event, I would say, "Okay, bring your friends." And then the friends are now a reinforcement to what you're learning and who you're learning with. So it just is a huge ripple effect that you just keep on going with. Right. Right. Right. So now in your beginning in this career of yours and you're having your advance, how do you how would you like entice or uh want get women to want to come to it? Like what would be how would you present it? Well, it has the topic has to be of interest and it has to be important and you have to have some fun. Now I'll tell you one event that I started doing during the um co okay situation you know we were online and so I started off and my friend gave me this little see you only live once yes yolo yolo so we did one event and I had four women and actually this was the real key to success I said okay you've got 10 minutes to tell us who you are tell us about your life tell us what yolo means to you. And coming out of coming out of that, I had women who were participants who said, "Nancy, if you're doing this again, I'd love to be one of the presenters." And the key to success was because often when a person is interviewing another, they're kind of directing the conversation. If you give a person 10 minutes, women love to have the opportunity to be listened to. and they tell their own story. And it was amazing the things that we found out about people, women who we had known for some time and we had not known that part of their existence. Oh. So we ended up doing five five different events and I hosted them at different women's business establishments. So you know consider a women's business establishment. What do you mean? Well, one one was a big garden center that was owned by a woman, right? Exactly. So, women always want to go where there are beautiful things and especially flowers. And what did you call the event? It was still a yolo. It was still a women worth and wellness yolo event. Oh, gotcha. Yeah. Being hosted being hosted by so and so at their establishment and then away we go. Huh? You froze. Okay, you're back. And uh but it was it was terrific and we had a lot of you and out of that you would find clients. That's how you would get clients. Exactly. Good. It would it would be my clients who would come and they would bring their friends, right? And then you know they they may or may not become a client. They were welcome whether they were going to become a client or not. Um, whenever I had a sponsor, a wealth advisor sponsor, I would encourage my guests to get a second opinion. And I would only validate that approach if I would do if I would become a client of that person myself. So, the last thing you're going to do is refer anybody to somebody whose services you're not sure of. Oh, absolutely. But if I was sure of if I was sure of who this person was and what they offered and what they did, I would say a smart woman always gets a second opinion and I can assure you that this this person has a lot to offer. Get a second opinion. He'll spend the time with you. You may or may not become a client, but I can assure you that you will probably learn something that you hadn't known before. So, how do you how did you uh begin to earn money doing this? Well, I when I was when I was a wealth adviser, I would get paid with their wealth portfolio. But when I sold my wealth advisory practice, then I had this program as a standalone business and that's when I decided to do it as a standalone. So I would do different events and I would charge people to participate or I would have enough sponsors to support the event that we would only charge a nominal amount. So how I generated revenue was primarily through sponsorship. Okay. And then if someone wanted to be your client, then you would have a client that you advi would advise then. And then I would Well, at that point, my clients, the ones that I'm prospecting for are more sponsors. Oh, okay. Because you're just starting out. Yeah. I want I want more sponsors because they're going to support my events. And they're only going to sponsor my events if they see an opportunity to get clients for themselves. I gota So it would be like if I had Wells Fargo sponsor an event for me and they would get new clients and they would pay me or there'd be some Yeah. Gotcha. That's how you get out there. You're branding. You're getting known. Right. Exactly. Exactly. You're you're putting your business front and center with them as sponsors. So, you've already got an alignment. Yeah. And then and then it's up to you as the host, as the curator of the event. Yeah. To promote those sponsors. Like, why do I like having this person as a sponsor? Obviously, they're supporting me financially. But more importantly, this is their business. this is their value proposition which is in line with what my value proposition is and so I'm happy to bring them front and center to you. Yeah. And you would have to contact that sponsor just walk in and say I'd like to talk to the manager or whoever. Definitely. Definitely. I did stuff like that even when I was poor with the little children. I'd find ways to make money. And uh I think that's how I ended up doing what I'm doing now. But what I want to also talk about because we talked about um balance and we kind of touched on mental health a little bit, but there's a correlation between mental health and balance. Am I right? Let's talk about that. Well, I never focus on work life balance because people always feel that something's a miss like I should have spent more time here. I should have. I just simply focus on priorities. What are your priorities today? What are your priorities this month? And a lot of it is what are the things that you must do? What are the things that you want to do? And you're continually re-evaluating. So you map out a plan. Yeah. But then life happens. So then you then you've got to do a redirect. Okay. This is where I was headed. This is what I was planning on doing. Now this has popped up. So what what is the priority? Like ask your yourself the question. Don't immediately go off on a tangent until you've said to yourself, what now is the priority? Yeah. I so I really focus on prioritizing what are the prior every step of the way rather than work life balance. When you're prioritizing you're addressing the work life balance. Yeah. We have to and women especially like we started the program with talking about that and you know for me it was the whole writing of the book was to survive 2020 in co I mean seriously and um that it it did I I end up writing my life story and s self s self s self s self s self s self s self s self s self s self s self self-publishing on Amazon and it did well and um from that came the idea for a podcast, you know, women empowering women was my first podcast. And um it helped me because when my husband would start the sundowning, which you know is part of Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, and usually happens later in the day, and um he would become non-verbal. He really didn't want to talk. He just want to sit in his chair, right? You can see I'm a talker and I get depressed. I got a therapist. She said, "Go in your room, shut the door, and write something." I said, "I'm not writer." She said, "Just write whatever." And I ended up writing a book. Good for you. That's amazing. It is. That's amazing. Congratulations. Wonderful. And um it was my you know my life story, but there was a lot of drama in there and addiction and uh domestic abuse and a things that but then a happy ending and you know people like that. That's what they like. Wonderful. Uh, so you have to be able to like you said redirect, right? And sometimes I have too much because now I have the podcast, the YouTube show and a website and I wrote four books and I'm done for a while because uh when you have too many things going on, you're not going to accomplish anything. Yeah. Get frazzled. Yes. So I did something that we talked about earlier. It's like what am I working on today? Today I'm gonna work on the website and nothing else. That's what I have to do. Or else I get nothing else, right? Yeah. And hubby I, you know, we're working on getting some more help with him. So that's good. Perfect. Um because the biggest mental health challenges that busy women face today is is that it's the caretaking of parents, children. It works. It works. That get an illness and yet wanting an idea ID identity of their own, a career and it's extremely hard to do that. Yep. Yeah. Do you agree? But that's what but that's why you have to focus on your health. Obviously your mental health, but your physical health as well to be able to keep up. I know. And that's hard too. It's like a catch 22 because you're so damn tired from taking care of people and housework and whatever. Who wants to go to the gym? Right. Forget that. So I think for me what helps me is this uh smartwatch thing because it I set goals for myself and it'll tell me you made your stand goal, you made your step goal today, you did this much activity which is because when I'm doing all these other things that's exercise, right? It is. So find a way to leverage it and keep combine a couple of things. I like the that word. Find a way to leverage it. Exactly. So anyway, um what advice would you give to women that they'd like to build both the financial and the emotional resilience? What kind of advice would you give them, Nancy? I' my advice is to own your life. Like as soon as you start thinking about owning your life as your number one asset, you need to have a lot of conversations with yourself because you can't expect other people to help you be happy or do things for you that you can do for yourself. And the more you do for the for yourself, the stronger and more able you become because you're proud of yourself. you've got that level of confidence that you can deal with what in the world's going on. Well, like like I mentioned in my book, my parents, I was very smart and I wanted to be an English teacher and they let me have that belief until I graduated from high school and then informed me that I would not be going to college because women end up getting married. So, it's a waste of money, right? And no matter what kind of plan I tried to come up with to get around that, no. And the sad thing was they really wanted their children to stay home for as long as they could keep them and make money for them. Yes. Yep. And that was their mentality because that was their parents' mentality. Right. And when I was 28 years old with these two little kids that I was trying to bring up with no money, I went to college. Perfect. When you want something, Nancy, and Good for you. If you have resilience and you have determination, you can go to college and be dropping kids off at daycare and doing what you have to do. I had to go. I got on welfare. I got food stamps. I did not care what anybody thought. And the government paid for my schooling, right? You figured it out and you said, "I can do this. This is what I want." And you figured it out and you did it. It out. And I had to be down and out for a few years. Okay. Well, you you made it through. But that's when you finally say, "I'm sick of being down and out." Exactly. Exactly. We're on the same page. Well, good for you. Huge congrats. Yes. And uh you know, it did happen. And I I did get finally the life that I wanted to get. And um the you know there's good days, there's bad days. Stuff is going to happen. You know, I've had a lot of friends die since 2020 like uh from COVID and just accidents and because they're older and you know, whatever, right? And and my therapist said, "Well, you need to make new friends." And I went, "I'm 75 years old." Well, this is when she told me I'm going to be 77. I said at this age to go out, but I did I just I approached women that I thought would be a good match for me and said to have coffee sometime. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. But but that's my point. You're owning your life. You're owning your life. You're not you're not sitting around waiting for people to come to you or phone you and invite you. you're stepping up and stepping in and making your life happen. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. That's what I am doing. And I unfortunately I see uh younger women today not doing these things. And I I am worried for them and I'm hoping they see the light. Some of them are. Some of them are very, you know, they're doing what they should do, but some of them are kind of stuck in a Yeah. wa waffling. Well, they think they're going to make money on it on just being on the internet and showing their bodies off. Yeah. No, no, no. Ridiculous. No, not good at all. No, but that that's what goes on. And um so what's your vision? Um what's on the horizon for the future of of women work and wellness? What do you I'm probably go well I'm uh I just finished a year as the president of our local Rotary Club and that was terrific. That was really really good. And I remember when I was a Rotarian first in Toronto, this one member said to me, because they were mostly older established gentlemen, and he kind of took me aside as a, you know, a young professional woman and said, "Nancy, you've got to realize that a lot of these members are in their age of integrity." And I've always remembered that phrase. And I think that's really going to be my next I'm going to focus on women's age of integrity, which doesn't mean you have to be old or accomplished. If you look up at the the definition of integrity, you'll see that a 10-year-old can be in their age of integrity. So, I'm going to probably spend some time on all of that and, you know, do some more events and have some more presentations and conversations and Yeah. Did you ever think about writing a book? I did write I was part of a book, but I think coming out of this is definitely an opportunity. I see it. I can I can envision that just from talking to you. Amazing. Well, I think your activity of every day stepping aside and writing about whatever is going on at that moment in time is is an excellent suggestion. Yeah. Yeah. Like just start writing. I love writing. I do love write. I love putting my thoughts down on paper, but the thought of writing a book is overwhelming. Well, it's one page at a time. And again, for me, it was very easy because it wasn't writing fiction or, you know, it wasn't writing fiction. It was non-fiction. It was true. It was my my life. What happened every sing Yeah. Your name's in there. If you did good, your name is in there. And at the end of my book for references, because there's things about gangsters and mobsters, and Scrant, Pennsylvania one time was a hub for that. Wow. We were so close to Philly and New York. And um I have referenced the newspaper what day the article was in that said this man was convicted of doing something. So, you know, I took care of, you know, whatever I had to. But the thing about writing about what you know, what I just said about my book is it's pretty easy. And and you are uh as far as vocally uh grammar, words, talking, it's just putting that on paper. everything we said today, putting it on paper. So, I think make an excellent author. Well, what what a lovely person you are. I'll probably books I'll book some separate time with you when we're going to have a conversation about that exclusively. Oh, I love that. Okay. Well, um I will text you. We can't text you out of your phone number. I'll send I'll send you my phone number. Okay, perfect. time. You can call me sometime. So, if you as we end this lovely conversation, um if you could share just one powerful message with women, what would it be? Just one. One, just one. Just one. Well, I think it's a real gift to be a woman. I think uh being a woman just has all sorts of opportunities to it. And going back to what what I said earlier, it's just really owning your life and realizing the best thing that you've got going for you is yourself. Yeah. Yeah. And women don't realize they have power. Women have power. But for centuries, centuries, right, men have tried to tell us we did not. Right. And we let that happen. And we let that happen. Right. And the few women that resisted were killed or well, I'll just say they were killed. They were um and then that made other women fearful of the voice. So my show be heard. Empower yourself. That's my goal. Right. If I have someone that wants to talk about the fact that she was raped and how she survived that trauma, that's going to help another woman get enough power to step it up, right? Do what she has to do. Step it up and step it out. Well, Mimi, it's been a pleasure. Yes. What a wonderful, wonderful uh show we had. And I do think I have your number. If your is your area code 416? Yes. 416277-5583. Okay. I didn't know if you wanted to get to give it out. Okay. I will put so people can get in touch with you. The show notes I will have Nancywomen worthwwellness.com. Correct. Phone number. Okay. Anything else you want out there that enough? Then they can. All right. Well, you have a wonderful day. I hope we speak again. We will. We're certainly on the same page. Excuse me. Right. Okay. Mimi, I love your new name and you keep going with your branding. Oh, I will. And my listeners, I hope you got something. I know you had to get something out of this show. And I will see you again soon. Thank you, my dear. Okay. Bye for now.