- Founder of an airline updates us on the future of travel | Richard Kane | TEDxBoston: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Hiển Long Lê Reviewer: Emma Gon I'm an airline founder and I'm welcome to speak at climate conferences, which is really different, right? And when I talk about the future of transportation, this is what people think of, they think of George Jetson. Now, George was born July 31st, 2022, about two weeks ago, and he’s 40 years old in the cartoon. And we've got about 40 years to make this a reality. And in the cartoon, you don’t see the ground, you don’t see the airport. He’s flying his family and his dog and everything is presumed to be safe. And there's a lot that has to happen This is multiple lifetimes of overlapping effort. So let's go on that journey together. It starts with NASA and the smaller craft transportation system. It's about a 30 year old project. We go from horses to cars and get 75 miles an hour. And from cars to propeller planes, 200 miles an hour and propeller planes to jets, 500 miles an hour. And there never was a fourth wave of high speed travel. Instead, we have the airline hub and spoke system, we have TSA, we have 9/11. The reason that George is smiling, he doesn’t have the stress of worrying if he’s going to make his connection. Or the fight yesterday between an airline employee and a passenger at DFW. That’s not in his world. In his world, aviation is personal, direct, local, safe, all right? It turns out, the average door to door speed is 75 miles an hour in the US with all of this friction we put in the air travel experience. Yet, every time you double the speed of travel, you change out the underlying technology. It’s exactly eight years from the first car to the last horse in Manhattan. That’s the kind of change that we’re talking about. That’s what NASA calls unlocking the fourth wave of high speed travel. So this is the misery index, this is the delays of the major hubs. Why would you ever want to connect through these things? And don’t forget, it’s not just connecting but it’s the TSA experience. These are the TSA delays, and you know, George would not be smiling. What you want to do is access to 5400 airports in the US that are local, direct. You want to get there and board your plane immediately and you want to fly directly to your destination. So this is what it looks like when you drive to the big hub airport. You have that drive. You then connect through another hub and then you go to your destination and your door to door speed is 75 miles an hour. If you depart from the local airport, this drive time is less. You fly direct and now your minimum speed is three or 400 miles an hour. So bypass those hubs, fly direct. Now, I do something a little different, I actually already live at an airport. So this is, you know, George Jetson living in the sky pad apartments in Orbit City, right? But we can approximate that. So where we’re sitting, it’s about three miles over to Logan. We know this because we can put in a landmark like the Quinn house, and it's 13 miles over to Norwood. Tomorrow we’re going to depart out of Norwood, because if I uber over to Logan, I'm going to have a 15 minute walk from where the Uber dropped me. I’m going to have an hour for TSA. I’m going to have 30 minutes potentially sitting on the ramp, waiting to taxi out. If I go to Norwood. I board my plane and go, We have a client who lives in MacArthur. He wanted his flight to leave out of LaGuardia, his demo flight. He didn't know that there were airlines at Islip and Farmingdale. He literally didn't know they existed. So we need a mechanism to identify by street address, to travel by street address, to identify where you’re going by the end location. Now, resistance goes up with the square of speed, and we don't need to be faster than a commercial airline. We need to depart locally, fly direct to land at the closest intended destination. Slowing this process down actually gives you greater efficiency, it reduces friction and I’m talking about the friction of a government agency like TSA in the boarding process. But I'm also talking about the friction of the Earth's atmosphere. Half the Earth’s atmosphere is below 18,000 feet. Jets are not able to use the speed and the efficiency and the machines that are tuned to go high and fast. They burn most of their fuel as they’re climbing through that 18,000 feet. And if you talk about small hops, they don’t have the ability to climb above that 18,000. So an actual flight from Santa Monica to Las Vegas, we were there with 26 celebrities and their managers and sport-stars and their managers and I did exactly this presentation. And a Challenger 604 landed and one person got on and went to Las Vegas and burned 300 gallons. And the machines we fly would burn 60 gallons. So it’s five times the footprint. It’s, you know, five more tons of carbon. It's the wrong use for a machine. This aviation needs to be local and on these short hops, it needs to be efficient. So the average speed of travel on short haul is 243 knots. With the density of the Earth’s atmosphere and the speed limits, you can have a machine that’s nearly supersonic, but down low it’s still 243 knots. So we don’t give up anything on speed. And then our average passenger count is 1.8 people and perhaps a dog. So you don't need the big heavy metal plane to do the short hops. And speaking of the dog, (Laughter) the pilot is there to feed the dog and the dog is there to bite the pilot, if he touches anything. The machines we fly are autonomous. You can land them at the press of a button. They actually don’t need the pilot and the AI and the level of sophistication will increase that safety to make this personal and local, remember George is smiling and he’s got his family. And the machines we fly, you know, taking this back to the Jetsons, what has to happen to make all of this reality? Well, safe, quiet, efficient, autonomous. You can’t just pull over when you have a problem. You have to manage the airspace, so these machines are radically quiet. They're 50 decibels, quieter than stage four noise requirements. What that means in practical terms, we put two overhead in Pensacola at 8000 feet and no one could hear them on the ground. So as you’re going to these local airports, you don't want to generate noise complaints. More recently, we opened the Blue Angels Air Show and the Airbus complaint, they said, your jets are too quiet, too cute, they shouldn’t be at an airshow. I mean, that’s what we want, right? And they do have a parachute system. Well, then the whole airplane in case of emergency and they can land themselves. But I think my favorite feature is this, the air over the canopy access, an inertial separator, we don’t ingest birds. So if you've all seen Top Gun Maverick, there’s a crash and this crashes because of a bird strike. This is now in popular culture or the miracle on the Hudson. This happens all the time and we don’t have this, so it’s one step closer to the Jetsons reality. Even more interesting, this is really a jet glider. It has a 14.7 to 1 glide ratio, I have been towed into the air on an airplane, on a rope, and they cut the rope and you glide back down that didn’t have a 14.7 to 1 glide ratio. When I’m over Nassau, Bahamas at altitude, I can glide to my choice of airports based on fuel price. And this kind of stuff just doesn’t happen before. And it is official, we have the world efficiency record in jets and the world close course distance record and jets. When I set these records, I was burning 39 gallons an hour. That's more like an SUV than a jet. This is truly something different in the world. And to give you an idea of what this means in the real world, here we’re approaching an airport in South Dakota, it is closed for this tremendous hailstorm. All the other pilots on the radio, you can hear the stress in their voices as they’re looking for an airport that has a long enough runway for them t land on as they’re diverting, as they’re running out of fuel. I’m first learning to fly this jet. I have an F-16 fighter pilot with me, single engine jet, single engine jet. And we powered back and we had 7 hours and 40 minutes of endurance. We thought it was a mistake. We're at 9000 feet. So we toured Mount Rushmore and Crazy Horse in the Crystal Caverns. That’s a picture of Mount Rushmore from the jet, right? And we saw it 7 hours and everyone else is diverted and we landed in complete safety. This, again, something new in the world. So we're not quite there to the Jetsons yet. But let me update you on the present and the future. Today, we fly these jets around the northeast. This is the actual flight path for a week for one of our jets. The Northeast immediately became our most efficient region. The city pair distances, they’re perfect. It just it works completely. The machines are optimized for these short hops, low carbon, low noise, perfect safety. But we’re still burning jet fuel. And there are two stigma associated with private travel. One is the environmental aspects and one is the economics. So let’s tackle the environmental aspect first. I serve on the board of the Lindbergh Foundation, which has launched the Forever Flight Alliance. This is about decarbonizing aviation. We’re still burning jet fuel, we need to fix that. So there’s a carbon sequestration XPRIZE. There are technologies coming out, let me preview two of them. Here, using mirrors to focus heat. They’re cracking water, using the hydrogen to combine with carbon, making jet fuel out of water and sunlight and the carbon out of the atmosphere. And the other technology, this is my favorite, it is blue green algae that is hacked to create a biofuel. This is carbon zero. I’ve actually committed to the Lindbergh Foundation to be carbon negative. But why burn fuel at all? Now we’re getting closer. Welcome to Sky Powered City and the Jetsons. This machine flew from Burlington, Vermont to Bentonville, Arkansas. That's 1400 miles on $18 of electricity. No fuel, takes off vertically, flies horizontally. This is our trajectory. This is where we're going. And we have a lot of these machines and we need to manage them. Dean came and gave me an elegant way to explain the problem I’ve been tackling. It’s called the Traveling salesman problem. If you perfectly shuffle a deck of cards, no human being has ever held the same deck. The number of combinations, it’s 52 factorial. 52 times 51 times 50. It's an eight with 67 zeros. And that's just 52 cards. Think of hundreds of airplanes, 5000 airports. Put another way, a typical routing problem that we tackle on a small fleet has 16 quintillion routing solutions. That’s a 16 with 18 zeros. You’re going through that and tremendous impacts to carbon to dispatch it makes this accessible, you can click and book and fly these things in a way that’s never been done before. But still more machines getting to that Jetsons reality, we need a faster turn time on these models. So we’ve been working with some advanced quantum labs, and there are three problems that will showcase quantum computing. One is protein folding for new medicine discovery, and the other is catalyst discovery for clean energy. And both of those can be solved today, tackle today with 127 qubits. The Traveling salesman problem with all those zeros is such an enormous brute force compute problem, I have to wait for a thousand qubits and that will happily be available at the end of next year. So as these planes come on line, I know it’s amazing! What we’ll be able to manage them in real time and get to the reality that we want. So the future of flight is local and accessible, it’s efficient routing, it’s low carbon and noise and AI levels of safety. And I’m thrilled to be able to bring that to you. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @relaxandunwind1496 [1 likes]: How do I book one of these flights  to Boston from Florida? Is it affordable?

- How Airbus Surpassed Boeing To Become The World’s Top Plane Maker: Kind: captions Language: en Airbus and Boeing have been competing head to head for decades as the world's largest commercial airplane makers. The European based Airbus entered the market 56 years after its rival, and today, 76% of the world's fleet is made up of Airbus and Boeing planes. But over the last few years, Airbus has edged out Boeing for market dominance. Airbus is clearly in the lead and they have a good lead. And if you just want to measure that, it's by backlog of the airplanes. Airbus has made a steady profit since the pandemic, while Boeing hasn't made a profit since 2018. Airbus total backlog, which are planes that have been ordered but not yet delivered, is 8726, compared to Boeing's 5643, which represents billions of dollars in revenue and is estimated to take almost 13 years to complete. We've gone from back in 1978 where you would hardly ever see an Airbus airplane in the US, to now having well over 50% of the market here in the US. Since 2019, Airbus has delivered more planes annually than Boeing, which has been dealing with crisis after crisis, including two deadly crashes of its best selling 737 Max eight, which grounded that aircraft for nearly two years. It's also been dealing with significant financial losses, manufacturing issues and production limitations. One thing I want to be clear about Airbus was already winning the race before the Max ran into trouble because the A321 in general was winning share. Narrowbodies make up the majority of the commercial aircraft flying today. These planes are very versatile. They can do multiple short trips a day or across oceans and continents. Boeing's 737 was the world's best selling narrowbody until 2019, when Airbus A320 surpassed it in total orders. And depending on how many planes are delivered in 2025, the A320 could take the reigns as the most produced jet family in history. If you look across the board at the backlogs and indeed at and orders. Everything is fine in every category except for the A321, which is absolutely crushing it. Cnbc explores how Airbus came to be the biggest commercial plane manufacturer and whether it can stay on top. The official 737 christening ceremony took place in the new final Assembly building. In the late 60s. Boeing was dominating the commercial aircraft market. It had just debuted the 737 and the world's first ever widebody jet. The massive 747 European aerospace companies took notice. The biggest misconception about Airbus is that it was some sort of instant creation, circa 1969. It really wasn't. It was a merger of a number of European national champion aerospace companies that had been building planes since World War II or World War One, and the only way they could do it was by pooling their resources. Thus, Airbus. As more people took to the skies, airlines looked to operate bigger aircraft. At the time, all widebody planes had 3 or 4 engines. For reference, a widebody typically has two aisles, flies longer distances, and can carry anywhere from 250 to 500 passengers, while a narrow body or single aisle has one single aisle through. The cabin flies shorter distances and can have 100 to 230 seats. Airbus shows up in the 1970s saying, hey, we have a widebody plane, but with just two engines, and airlines sat up and said, whoa, two engines and obviously two engines that can take you the same distance as three are better because your maintenance costs are a lot lower. In 1972, Airbus introduced the first twin engine widebody jetliner, the A300. Despite having only two engines, the A300 could only carry around 250 passengers versus the massive 747, which could be configured to fit over 500. Not a lot of people saw the need for an intermediate sized jet, so production rates were 1 or 2 per month for quite a few years. In 1978, the Deregulation Act was enacted in the US, creating more competition, new airlines and expansion of smaller ones. As airline needs shifted in the 80s, the demand for cost effective short haul aircraft grew. They began to see the need for a new generation single aisle basically centered around 150 seats. Airbus had not yet made a profit, and the company needed a plane in its fleet to compete with Boeing's popular narrowbody, the 737, which had already been around since 1967. Airbus launched the A320 single aisle program in 1984. The workhorse of the Airbus commercial jet family is the A320. The A320 was one of the few commercial aircraft designed to compete against Boeing's 737 powerhouse, and has succeeded where others have failed. Its fuselage is a little bit wider than the 737, and some airlines have taken advantage of that to put in slightly wider seats. The A320 debuted with a lot of new advanced technology. It was one of the first commercial jets that used a sidestick versus yoke controls. This is still a key difference between Airbus and Boeing planes today. It also introduced fly by wire controls, meaning when you pull back on the Sidestick, it sends electronic signals to a computer to move the aircraft versus a physical cable. One could argue from a flight controls point of view, the A320 is a generation ahead of the 737. When it first came into the market, it was controversial. Fly by wire when it first came out into the market was something that was really just used in military airplanes. The Jets debut, however, ended in a crash during the first demonstration flight at an airshow in 1988. When the A320 was first introduced, it suffered a series of accidents, including some fatal accidents that killed crew and passengers Seizures, and that really stalled the public acceptance of the plane. It took a while there, too, to get traction, but when it did, well, um, it succeeded far beyond expectations. A320 just came into the world 20 years later and has that advantage in terms of just fundamental design differences to the airframe. By the 1990s, the A320 success would start to put pressure on its US competitors. Airbus, which was backed by European governments, made its first operating profits. Once Airbus was more market proven as an aircraft builder and US airlines started to see the performance results of the Airbus aircraft and other airlines fleets, they became more open to buying Airbus planes, and it was really the A320 that helped Airbus crack the door open into the US market and many other parts of the world. Basically, Boeing through all of this had 50% of the market. So what you basically had was Douglas, Lockheed and Airbus duking it out for the other half. Lockheed exited sometime in the mid 80s and then everyone. New McDonnell Douglas matter of time. In 1997, McDonnell Douglas merged with Boeing, forming the duopoly we know today. If you think about the evolution of Airbus and Airbus really started in the narrowbody market with no market share, edged out Douglas, and then continued to get share. The Boeing 737 family and the Airbus A320 family are the company's best selling planes and have been a crucial segment of competition. The list price for one A321neo is around $129 million. Competition was head to head when it came to widebodies, too. In the 90s, more fuel efficient twin engine widebodies were introduced. Airbus debuted the A330 and A340, while Boeing introduced its 777, the A330. They kept refining it at Airbus, it did pretty well, and then Boeing attacked with the 787 Dreamliner, and despite all the flaws baked into that development program, it did better than the A330 in the long run. Then, from 2003 to 2005, Airbus took more orders and delivered more planes than Boeing. That 50 over 50 formula kept persisting, and what Boeing was doing was effectively winning on profitability rather than market share. They were willing to say, all right, we're going to be 50%, but our margins are going to be 9%. Yours are going to be four or less. It was a formula that worked for them until, of course, the problems with the max. Despite declining sales for four engine jets, Airbus spent billions creating the biggest double decker quad engine commercial aircraft in the world and possibly the most identifiable Airbus plane, the A380. It was in service from 2007 until it ended production in 2021. The A380 is an engineering marvel. Unfortunately, in a way, the A380 success was eclipsed by the success of Airbus's smaller aircraft, namely the A330 family and more recently, the A350, which are twin engine aircraft that can hold 250 to 400, 450 or so passengers and operate ultra long range routes. And you looked at Airbus and you thought, wow, you're going to be tied for number one. You might even be number one. The only thing you could do to screw that up is launch a superjumbo for a market that's going away super fast. And that's exactly what they did. It cost them a decade. Today, Boeing still dominates the widebody market with nearly 56% of the global fleet. These aircraft are used for long haul travel like international flights. Boeing currently has a backlog of over 1500 widebody planes. The company has had multiple manufacturing issues with its 787 Dreamliner and the 777X, which has yet to be certified, is years behind schedule. In 2012, Airbus announced it would begin manufacturing in mobile, Alabama. You go back to 1978, and Airbus had a small office here in the US with about a dozen people working there. Roll forward to 2025, and we have a very large manufacturing facility that manufactures airplanes in mobile, Alabama. We build helicopters in Mississippi, we build satellites in Florida, and actually our presence in over 40 locations across the Today, Airbus biggest customer is Delta Air Lines. It has slightly more Airbus planes in its fleet than Airbus has had a different manufacturing strategy than Boeing. Theirs has been more regional. So they have a final assembly plant, a foul, as they call them in Asia, one in North America, one in Europe, where Boeing's final assembly has been highly concentrated in in North America. China was almost exclusively Boeing customer for many, many years by having a final assembly line in China. I think Airbus would argue that that helped them get some share in China. Airbus has been manufacturing in the US for nearly ten years. It's about to open a third production line, two of which are for the A320 family and the other for its smaller 220 jets it acquired from Bombardier in 2020. In 2010, Airbus announced a new variation of its best selling narrowbody called the A320neo, short for New Engine option, which promised a 15% less fuel burn than the previous generation. In 2011, Airbus had a record number of orders for 1419 aircraft, more than double than the year before. That same year, American Airlines, which had been strictly a Boeing customer, put in an order for hundreds of these new planes. And in 2019, the A320 family surpassed the 737 in total orders. Originally, the business case was for around 600 airplanes and now we are up to 19,000. Boeing's response to the more fuel efficient A320 was the re-engined 737 Max that debuted in 2017, but over the next few years, the manufacturer faced a series of challenges. In 2018 and 2019, two 737 Max eight crashed and killed 346 people. It was later found a flight control system known as MCAS had malfunctioned on both flights. The planes were grounded for several months and production rates were reduced. Then the pandemic brought air travel to a halt, and the company had a record loss of $12 billion in 2020. Airbus saw losses of over 1 billion in both 2019 and 2020, but returned to profitability in 2021. But Airbus has consecutively had more annual orders and deliveries since 2019, making it the world's largest planemaker. Then in 2024, a door plug flew off of Boeing 737 Max nine plane, leading to more production delays of its best selling jet and an annual loss of $11.8 billion in 2024. Airbus has profited from the challenges that Boeing has faced. Some airlines decided to place orders with Airbus for aircraft rather than And if you look at Airbus's backlog today, it's dominated by A321. Airlines looking to cut down on fuel costs have been turning to these more efficient, longer range narrowbodies for longer flights like JFK to LA or the East Coast to Europe. Of our single aisle order book or backlog, as we call it, 72% of the Airbus A321. And that's opening up routes and markets that they couldn't fly directly before. The economics with single aisles were so much better than the economics with widebodies. And the Airbus A321neo wasn't perfect, but it was the biggest and best single aisle you could get, and leading Airbus to effectively a 60 or 65% market share from the standpoint of both deliveries and orders and backlog. It's become the hinge factor between the two. Boeing doesn't really have a comparable airplane. 737 Max nine isn't quite as big. The ten is big, but it doesn't quite have the range. So where Airbus has done well in the market is they have a product that Boeing really doesn't have. The 737 Max ten has a range of 3100 nautical miles and can seat a maximum of 230 people, versus the A321neo, which has a range of 4700 nautical miles and can seat 244 passengers. But the Max ten has yet to be certified. The bad news is, given these delays, these many year delays and given the challenges, and also, frankly, you've got this attack on the administrative state in Washington, which is also toxic for Boeing's standpoint. These are resources they need to certify planes. And are increasingly in short supply. So there's a lot about Doge and the attack on the FAA and other administrative agencies. That's really not all good from the standpoint of Boeing's certification. In 2024. Airbus delivered 766 planes compared to Boeing's 348. Most of the revenue from aircraft is received on delivery. Boeing 737 Max production has been capped at 38 planes a month since January 2024 by the Federal Aviation Administration. That rate was 52 planes a month prior to the pandemic, and two Max crashes so far in 2025. It surpassed monthly delivery goals compared to last year. Airbus has faced production challenges to it, like the rest of the industry, has been dealing with supply chain issues post-pandemic and an engine recall for many of its jets. There was the Pratt GTF engine two years ago with the difficulties they encountered with the metal powder issue that is leading to a big recall campaign, and that is limiting the number of engines going for new fit for for us. Also last year, with production difficulties faced by CFM and their supply chain. That has led to a difficult end of 2024 and also some shortages at the beginning of this year. Airbus deliveries have been lower compared to last year, but the company said it still expects to deliver 820 new planes by year end. The medium term, it's hard to see anything that stops Airbus from controlling that all important mid market segment. We're really talking about a battle for the 2030s here. The 2020s have been decided. The industry could face other challenges like tariffs and a possible recession in the coming months. For an industry that's thoroughly globalized this is absolutely toxic. There's a lot about these tariffs we just don't know right now. But it's remarkable the extent to which the jetliner industry became a model of free trade. And the US competed and absolutely did great with an enormous trade surplus, and that's now at risk. Now, as for the airplanes themselves, yeah, the majority of structures are indeed imported. Even though Airbus now has manufacturing in mobile, Alabama, it still imports parts like wings and fuselages. The US exports six times more than it imports in aerospace products and components. And so the concern about tariff regime is that that is then going to impede in that supply chain. And it's going to add to the costs of the airplane. More expensive airplanes could mean rising costs for the consumer. Both the Boeing 737 and the Airbus A320 and their variations are newer interpretations of jets designed decades ago. The industry has been waiting for new technologies, engines and designs to be introduced. The A320 has been a platform that's been around for many decades. The next generation airplane will be a completely new platform. It's going to be based on new propulsion techniques, a new wing design, new materials, and also a more digitally enabled airplane. We hope to see that flying in the second half of the next decade. It is so much more complex to design and build a new airliner today than it was decades ago. Airlines are struggling with what is the right design, what materials go into it? What engines do we use for it? What fuel powers it? In 2022, Boeing's CEO at the time, Dave Calhoun, announced that it would not introduce a new airplane into the next decade. So on that range and payload envelope, they've really got nothing that competes with the A321neo. They need a new They absolutely need a new So that of course, told people that they should go and order an A321neo, which they did. There were 1300 Hundred sales in the following 12 months. So Dave Calhoun, in a lot of ways, was the very best CEO that Airbus ever had. Airbus hasn't announced a new clean sheet plane either, but at a recent summit outlined what technologies could potentially power a new single aisle aircraft. And despite Boeing's struggles, experts say it's not inevitable that Airbus lead continues. Airbus is just positioned better because they just have more latitude to kind of wait and see because of their product lineup today. Right now, things look fantastic next five years at least. But eventually someone is going to disrupt them and it might just be a resurgent Boeing. And for the first time in way over a decade, they actually have a really good leader at the helm. Experts also say China's Comac could enter the market. If Comac is able to make inroads in the West. Especially, the Chinese government decides to subsidize the sale of those airplanes to get some sales into Western airlines. That could introduce one of the most serious threats to both Airbus and Boeing that we have seen in a long time. Brazil based Embraer could also be a strong competitor to enter the narrowbody space. The company, which makes smaller regional and business jets, has been talked about as a company that could disrupt the duopoly. I'd put my money on Embraer. First, Embraer is a very, very capable company. Good engineers. If Boeing doesn't do a competitive response, then again, the 321 neo becomes the hinge of fate. Obviously, in the long run, a lot can go wrong with that. It's your classic innovator's dilemma. Why would you disrupt yourself when you're the overwhelmingly dominant player on the market? So will something change? It must. Entropy, right? But until then, Airbus gets two thirds of the market, which is not at all bad.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pictureinpicture2668: Boing needs to wake up
  2. @pictureinpicture2668: The 321 is the best
  3. @redneckincanada: This story is brought to you today by our sponsor, Airbus.
  4. @ginborgho: ''better buy from Toulouse if you don't want to lose''
  5. @gearoftones8585: Airbus are the kings now. Boeing destroyed themselves.
  6. @rollvideo: Congratulations Airbus on not crashing (as much). You really do understand the principles of FLIGHT!
  7. @ɗjango: It is clear what happens when the maximization of profits under market capitalism becomes the state’s primary objective. This was the criticism Noam Chomsky consistently warned against, yet the world is ultimately being run by corporations like Boeing. That is the root cause of today’s global crisis.

"Airbus have EASA write the rules for them to push innovation, Boeing has lobbyists stop the FAA from forcing them to innovate on old designs."@soffici1
  8. @JulianDambek: By stealing the cSeries from Bombardier. Boeing did it to themselves by attacking Bombardier. Just a string of bad Karma.
  9. @shovelmasterfunk6709: Boeing has been dealing with 3 problems for decades.  1. Having to compete with a government subsidized corporation, Airbus  2. Being the subject of American media which is observably Anti-American. 3. And the worst problem, having a management team that is avaricious to the extent of seriously damaging the company they are supposed to be managing.
  10. @kevins8575: Boeing is leading in both deliveries and orders in 2026. Don't believe all the chinese propaganda against Boeing.
  11. @GT3.01: Airbus A380 is so much better than 747. Airbus is just superior overall. End of.
  12. @colbertcolb9561: Boeing beat itself... in the face... again... and again and again and again.
  13. @n0v1ce45: How Boeing fell for Airbus to surpass them as the world's top plane maker*
  14. @SeánONilbud: Boeing and Intel both died because they went from being engineer led to finance goons.
  15. @daniloleonphd: Airbus 100%
  16. @CW-rx2js: Airbus top management are also engineers who studied management...their CEO is a double engineer, was also a test pilot and knows his stuff
  17. @bootmenoswat: It helps when you keep your clients alive
  18. @awaitsliam: Doors don't fall off and planes don't have systems that fly them into the ground... don't need a 20 minute video to explain that.
  19. @TNT-0007: Never fly Boeing
  20. @MagedNosir: ❤

- Why Hydrogen-Powered Planes Might Be Inevitable: Kind: captions Language: en It seems like everything is going green these days but there's one mode of transportation that seems to be clinging to the traditional, fuel-loving ways. And while commercial aviation has made strides through smarter design and cleaner engines, many of those gains have been nullified by more air traffic. The challenge is enormous. This is a large industry. It will take decades to convert. The good news is that we will have a solution as early as three years out that people can get into and start moving zero emission. And it turns out that the solution could be all around us. Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe. And so if you had to use something, it would be great. The only product of the chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen is water. We looked at the fundamentals of what it would require to take an aircraft up in the air of significant size, over significant distance, commercially relevant. You get your hydrogen fuel cell being the best approach from the cost of fuel, efficiency of utilization of the fuel and the mitigation of the climate effects. Serial cleantech entrepreneur Val Miftakhov started ZeroAvia following his previous success in the EV charging industry. So the beauty about hydrogen in general is that the energy density of hydrogen as fuel is actually three times better than jet fuel. So you can see any size of aircraft going for any distance that jet fuel aircraft can go over time. It will just take significant amount of time to get the industry over, but this technology can scale to all sizes of aircraft that we use in commercial service. ZeroAvia uses a hydrogen fuel cell to produce electricity to turn a propeller. Unlike a traditional engine which uses combustion to create energy, a fuel cell generates electricity through an electrochemical reaction. In this case, hydrogen and oxygen are combined to generate electricity, heat and water. ZeroAvia has flown a six-seater aircraft on a hydrogen fuel cell; a world first. Now they're aiming bigger, at 20 seats. That's technically commercial. One side of the aircraft, the left side, will replace the engine with our power plants. We still got a normal engine on the right side. And part of this is, in aviation you want to ramp up risk profile in meaningful steps. So anything happens, we have the second engine. But even in the first flight test campaign, what we're planning to do is to demonstrate operation of this aircraft purely on zero emission power on the left side engine. Once we take off, we're able to switch over to completely zero emission power. Hydrogen is used throughout all sections of a flight, that maximizes the efficiency of the entire operation that reduces the weight, provides for best sort of mission capabilities, payload and range. Building power plants and fuel cells is one thing, creating a whole new infrastructure for supplying hydrogen is something entirely different. In automotive a big part of the reason why hydrogen did not take off is because the fueling infrastructure needs to be so distributed. For let's say, United States, you have a hundred thousand fueling stations. Compare that with aviation where 95% or more traffic in the United States is concentrated in 100 locations. So that's a three order magnitude difference which makes build out of the infrastructure much simpler. It's much larger, much more concentrated stations, but they're much fewer in quantity. Calling it simpler might be underselling the challenge of distributing hydrogen, which unlike other fuels that can be easily transported in liquid form, is usually found instead in a gaseous state. How do you get the hydrogen from point A to point B? We don't have pipelines from moving hydrogen around. We don't have all the specialized trucks to move them around and so we got thinking, we need a solution that can be a low capital expenditure solution and that's the genesis of the company. John-Paul Clarke is the co-founder and Chief Innovation Officer of Universal Hydrogen, a startup that has designed a modular tank system for the domestic turbo prop market. Like ZeroAvia, it allows for retrofitting planes already in use. Each module has two capsules and so what we do is load it into the aircraft as if it was cargo, strap it down, connect it to the aircraft, close the loading door, and that would be it. When you get to your destination, you'd basically unload it, put it back in a truck, send it back to the production site to get refills. We needed to basically come up with something that could both fit in containers and also fit in the aircraft, not require increases in the maximum takeoff weight of the aircraft. This compromise is one of the biggest hurdles that may prevent widespread adoption of hydrogen. Obviously, you're gonna have to take out some seats because the energy density of hydrogen is less than jet fuel and you can't store it in the wings practically, so you're gonna have to take away some space in the fuselage. In the ultra-fine margins of aviation, removing 10 to 20% of your seats is a tough ask, but that hasn't deterred startups like ZeroAvia or Universal Hydrogen. The maintenance cost of a fuel cell motor system goes down and it goes down significantly, because motors and fuel cells have much fewer moving parts than a gas turbine engine. And so the wear and tear is much lower and therefore the time between overhaul is longer. And so when you put all that together, our numbers indicate that the CASM, Cost per Available Seat Mile, actually goes down slightly or is at the worst equivalent to what you have now. So what you'll have is a smaller cabin or smaller number of seats. However, the cost for each of those seats to operate it is the same or better with the hydrogen. Like ZeroAvia, Universal Hydrogen is also working on engines, successfully testing their two megawatt iron bird that will allow them to retrofit planes carrying up to 55 passengers. ZeroAvia is aiming for their first commercial hydrogen electric flight between London and Rotterdam with their 19-seater by around 2024. But much like the range anxiety that has plagued some battery-powered electric vehicles on land, hydrogen fuel cells are also fairly limited. At this point, they still don't have the capacity to power a common 100-passenger jet. Beyond fuel cells, however, there is another hope for our lightest, most abundant element: Burning it. The first eureka moment, I suppose, is when we saw steam in the exhaust because we are thinking to ourselves, "Huh? We're burning something here when you're producing absolutely no CO2." An expert in gas turbine combustion, professor Bobby Sethi leads research at Cranfield University in the U.K. Built on a former RAF base, the college runs multiple aeronautical programs. But what Bobby is focused on is burning hydrogen, as cleanly as possible. So what we are trying to demonstrate in this rig is how we can conceive some hydrogen combustion technologies that can be integrated in the next generation aircraft engines, which will deliver not only zero CO2 emissions, but also ultra-low NOx emissions. NOx or nitrogen oxides are a significant source of air pollution globally. They're the dirty particulates that cause smog in cities, usually spat out by diesel cars, scooters and buses. Hydrogen is characterized by much wider flammability limits, which means we can go to much leaner combustion. And as a result, we can burn at much lower flame temperatures and that's better for reducing NOx emissions. Going leaner means burning fuel with an excess of air in the engine. Using something like gasoline, lean burn emits far fewer hydrocarbons. Doing it with hydrogen also delivers cleaner emissions. While NOx is a pollutant, hydrogen combustion produces up to 90% less nitrogen oxide than kerosene. So while burning hydrogen isn't technically as clean as using it inside a fuel cell, it's still a huge improvement over jet fuel. Unfortunately, like any radically new idea, there are other potential byproducts of the process that aren't fully yet understood. NOx is clearly one of the main emissions we need to consider, but the aviation community is also asking themselves and the community in general, what about all the water vapor emissions? And some studies have shown, albeit there's still a large degree of uncertainty about it, that contrails and cirrus clouds that may be induced from contrails could contribute to global warming about four times the amount than CO2 does. We know that if we are going to be burning hydrogen, we are going to produce much larger amount of water vapor emissions. And if we are going to be producing a much larger amount of water vapor emissions, then the propensity for contrail formation is also going to increase. In spite of all these challenges, hydrogen is being taken seriously by the broader industry. Companies like Universal Hydrogen and ZeroAvia are gaining the attention of investors looking for viable and eventually profitable solutions. Industry giant Airbus wants to introduce a hydrogen-powered passenger aircraft by 2035. Recently announcing plans to retrofit a gas-guzzling Superjumbo with a hydrogen-burning engine. The modified aircraft will add a fifth engine, adapted for hydrogen, and will be mounted on the rear fuselage. The A380 is the largest passenger aircraft in existence, so it offers plenty of room to store the 400 kilograms of hydrogen. The company's designs for a blended wing concept to store extra hydrogen also offer a glimpse of our flying future. Apart from the complex engineering challenges faced by airplane manufacturers, there are also difficulties in production of hydrogen itself. Nowadays, most of the hydrogen used in fuel is derived by splitting it off from molecules of natural gas. But that requires a good deal of energy and also produces carbon dioxide. To make green hydrogen, the electricity used to run the electrolyzer must come from a renewable resource, which is currently a lot more expensive. As with any new technology however, initial costs are daunting, but time may be the best remedy here. If you look at economics of hydrogen fuel production, for example, versus fossil fuels, for instance, the cost of hydrogen is all based on capital expense and very little operating expense. So it's sort of similar to solar power. You put solar panels out there, and they produce power for 20-25 years. The operating expense is relatively low. What that means is that as scale grows, as we've seen with the solar panels, the cost of output drops dramatically. So the first phase is not about the most efficient aircraft. It's not about the aircraft that will deliver the lowest NOx emissions. It's about demonstrating that we can carry hydrogen safely on board, we can burn it safely on board, and can be used to fly a passenger aircraft. The key thing is that we don't try to put everything in the first generation or we're just gonna delay the entry into service. So to try and keep it as simple as possible. If there are some questions on the margin, they're all in the sort of business model and market adoption realm. It is very hard to create a technological argument or impossible to create a technological argument that says, "Well, it's not gonna work." It is going to work.

  Top Comments:
  1. @brianqi8741 [1 likes]: Another overlooked problem is hydrogen leakage. Hydrogen has a flammability limit as low as 4% and a detonation limit as low as 18%. How do you prevent airplanes from exploding?
  2. @starjeweller: 🧠👍💥🌎🛸🌌🚯🔙🔃♻Zero CO2 Economy looks closer.
  3. @rsailor971: For everyone confused by the "hydrogen is 3 times as energy dense as jet fuel" comment, the correct statement is: hydrogen has 3 times the energy per unit of mass as jet fuel. This is known as specific energy, not "energy density". It is sometimes referred to as "gravimetric energy density".

For everyone confused about the need for heavy, high-pressure hydrogen gas tanks: Only liquid hydrogen is being talked about in this video. The tanks are only pressurized to a few atmospheres. They are not heavy. 

For everyone confused about the need for large, heavy liquid hydrogen tanks: The combined weight of the tanks and the liquid hydrogen needed is about 1/2 that of jet fuel tanks and fuel. 

For everyone who is confused about the large volume of liquid hydrogen tanks: generally, you can't fit these into existing airliners, and no one is planning to. Designing new aircraft that use liquid hydrogen is not a challenge. (Except for the "challenged".)

For those who know that most hydrogen is currently produced from natural gas, that's why no one is planning to use natural gas to produce green hydrogen. (Duh.) 

For everyone concerned about the safety of transporting liquid hydrogen, it has been safely transported in bulk on North American highways for close to 60 years now.
  4. @Landrew0: My volume control isn't working properly,
so the low volume of this video is very annoying.
  5. @mikedunn7795: One idea I have read about is to set up solar arrays on the grassy areas of airports,and use the power generated to produce H2 via electrolysis,and compress and liquefy it where it will be used to fuel H2 powered aircraft.
  6. @quintenschijns2226: Al lot of negativity and critics in these comments. I understand there are currently difficulties in storage, mainly the volumetric energy density. I do believe we might solve this with time and money. If we don’t try we will never know
  7. @plumcrazypreston2797: When considering renewable energy forms in lieu of fossil fuels for transportation, you have to consider range, working capacity and speed as well as safety and operational costs.  Nothing seems to be as energy dense as petroleum-based fuels except for maybe biofuels.  Would hydrogen ever be more practical than electricity for aviation? Who knows.  Fossil fuels would be the perfect fuel for most everything man does but the trouble is they are both finite and dirty.
  8. @amiava4213: The gentlemen in the opening of this video stated that "they will have a solution as early as three years out". Well the video is two years old and I don't think I've read anything recently that states hydrogen powered aircraft are only a year away. Where is the solution? Most of the people who comment on this video are either detached from reality or left wing climate morons. This will never happen, I repeat, this will never happen. You people are like the delusional electric plane imbeciles who believe that viable battery powered planes are just a year or two away. Just like nuclear fusion is only ten years away, for the last fifty years, although fusion probably will happen fifty years from now. Get a grip and use some common sense.
  9. @thomasciarlariello: Liquid air cycle engine or synergistic air breathing engine could allow diborane fuels.
  10. @awehellnah: hydrogen planes also need special engines which make the transition harder. this would mean airlines need new planes to transition instead of efuel solutions
  11. @situational.analysis: You best obtain hydrogen by distributed atomic electrolysis, and you best utilize it as infused in a binary molecular hydride. Problems solved.
  12. @situational.analysis: By volume, the largest quantity of greenhouse gas is . . . water vapor.
  13. @0ctatr0n: I think the Algae fuel approach is still more feasible, Hydrogen leaks out of everything being such a small molecule. Minimal to no adjustment to existing planes needed. Even if the process isn't as efficient as it could be yet, if it's cheap to implement it almost doesn't matter.  Imagine Airports with towers of green vats refining sewage into algae fuel running off solar and wind.
  14. @YairGrajeola-ve4de: Give us videos tech how made this mediuo tranporte tanks you. To weit patience.
  15. @marcelliedts5170: Would be nice if it wasn't impossible. Go back to  physics lessons please.
  16. @kentuckyrain1144: I AM VERY SCEPTICAL
  17. @symmetry08: Hydrogen will become an option in the future when cost of extracting Oil will be more expensive and vialabilty of Hydrogen as fuel will start make sense. Until then, keep research as we have about ten years till that time. Oil may dwindle seriously by 2040's, and post 2050's Oil will be done extracting, due to truly exhausted.
  18. @keithwalker6892: AGREED and supply and distribution a lot simpler than for cars.
  19. @prophetsnake: Not gonna happen. Fuel tanks. Modern airliners fuel tanks utilise the wing's structure itself. The skins spars and ribs are sealed and do double duty as a tank, resulting in very little additional weight to house the fuel. That will definitely not be the case with a hydrogen tank. Whether the H2 is compressed or cooled to liquid state, the weight of the tank will be tremendous and that will adversely affect the performance of the airplane tremendously, affecting payload, range, safety margins, etc. It simply isn't going to happen. 
However, green alternatives must absolutely be utilised and as soon as possible. Electric airplanes will probably cover short haul flights more than adequately in the not too distant future, but some sort of replacement for kerosene will have to be concocted for anything over say, 500 N miles.
  20. @johnpill7908: Can you use mix, half A fuel with half hydrogen = hybrid fuel..? At least reduce bad air by half.

- Why This Law Firm Bought A Private Jet To Save Money: Kind: captions Language: en when we looked at in the financial picture and even the professional picture we decided to buy an aircraft this particular plane we've had for a little over three years we have a large contingent of our firm in Houston but we're spread out over several offices one of which is here in San Jose one in San Diego because we're technology lawyers it's very good for us to get out with the technical folks be able to walk through their labs and see what they're working on [Music] [Applause] traveling on the plane is a lot more convenient from a cost perspective the bus makes sense for us in that an attorney isn't losing an entire day of time so we're able to drive rather to the airport walk onto the plane it's really a five or ten-minute thing I think most people think of it is something that's extravagantly expensive but given the nature of the work we do which is highly confidential technical and in many cases represents the trade secrets of our clients we need to have the freedom to work together and be able to look at materials when we travel we always struggle with the cost of the airplane and making sure it fits within our business model when we do the math that typically to fly nine people out here is about $17,000 and that's round-trip getting those six hours back if you just put a low billing rate on that of 50 hours at $400 an hour you're getting $20,000 back in billable time that that you would just lose if you own a commercial flight so really we net out three thousand dollars just on a cost basis if you look at what we lost in time versus what it costs to fly the aircraft but we factor in that the cost to fly back and forth of 17,000 includes all the maintenance and upkeep on the on the aircraft unlike a lot of jobs I've had in the past where the flight is kind of a little party you know going on these guys are all business a couple of attorneys they walk on the airplane with their laptops up and you know and and they're on the phone so once they're on the airplane they're working but I like it just because of the interaction with the lawyers and we get a lot done in the period of time that we're up in the air working together so it makes for a very enjoyable experience and implement professional experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @roveism [5 likes]: I like how they had to have a rock and roll background music to cover up the utterly lifeless soul crushed voice of the lawyers explains why it makes financial sense to own a plane...zzzzz
  2. @Secretjorge [1 likes]: 3 million isn’t a lot  for a jet, they got a deal :)
  3. @atm99635: It's okay bro. Just tell us you wanted a new toy. :)
  4. @LMays-cu2hp: Thank you for sharing this business jet that is a great tool.
  5. @graxhimself: I swear I’m not kidding I’m on his jet now I’ll post it on my channel
  6. @zurinarctus1329: Unlike celebrities, this is actually a smart investment.
  7. @bubandlisa: Excuses but they are EXEMPT FROM CARBON TAX 
CUZ BEING RICH PAYS and you poor schlubs HAVE TO PAY GREEN TAXES
  8. @relaxingsounds1386: Well yeah, they make a shitload of money.
  9. @HTHAMMACK1: I don't believe you saved money at all. I think you lost money.
  10. @Photon_Collector: This is me explaining to my parents why I need a Nvidia RTX 2080ti in my PC to help with homework.
  11. @djderie: When you make so much money you buy a private jet to save commute time
  12. @nchimunyabwalya2307: Wish they'd get me a bike 😐
  13. @8platypus: you don't have to justify it to me, the TSA is super lame.
  14. @seanng33: Why not fly NetJets?
  15. @peterchiung1159: the kind if jews that likes to spend money
  16. @poormanfood: I would the same, I think they could spend more the company is being very cheapo.
  17. @Heart2HeartBooks: So you can't be doing work while traveling on a commercial flight?
That makes no sense. That being said. Don't make excuses as to why your firm bought a jet.
Enjoy it.
  18. @Puppygirl-hj1tn: I appreciate you guys sharing the digits. It’s fascinating.
  19. @David-jj7dy: I to use my private jet for work almost every day. It definitely has its privaledge. But once your a part of the jet crowd, there aint no going back. You begin to see while your at the tarmac and in the small private airport just how many of us there are that speed to work every day. Its very common now a days. To see the rise of peoples incomes in the way that they travel on board of their jets is now so common place. We rich people are glad it is so expensive to have a private jet for it keeps the regular "poor" people at bay and you never have to worry about " them " bothering you and your money.  I mean its not my fault I am so rich.
  20. @paxundpeace9970: My advice, book your plane and flight ours on a private jet network it is far cheaper and you didn't wooey about the plane maintenance and etc.

- Only rich people can afford a chauffeur | Philipp Kandal | TEDxCluj: Kind: captions Language: en so I'm super excited to be here and speak about a subject that's very very dear to my heart and the subject that I'm speaking about is as dry gosh introduced that only rich people can afford a car a self-driving car and that is like the big big meat that's going to happen a lot of people are afraid of Technology they think that when self-driving cars will come will lose jobs and it will be like a bad world where nobody has employment anymore where cars are going to kill us and I'm going to teach you and tell you how this is going to enter a new era of prosperity and how this will change cities forever and bring a second to a new world that we can hardly imagine nowadays so let me start by introducing the history of Transportation so in the 19th century one big change was done to cities which was the introduction of the elevator and the elevator changed hounds forever imagine a city like New York or Tokyo without an elevator I mean nobody would be able to walk like a hundred floors high and enjoy these mega cities and one thing that very little people know about elevators is actually until the early too early 20th century you needed to have a driver's license to ride an elevator pretty crazy huh I don't think any of you has the driver's license for an elevator nowadays why was that because when you had an elevator you had a lever and it was very difficult to hit the exact floor and I mean if you did it wrong you could go too high and you could bump in the ceiling crash the elevator you could go too low you could step out of the elevator you could practically died in an elevator so it was a very very dangerous thing I don't think any of us is afraid of dying in an elevator nowadays anymore and that was like a big big change so like in some time it was like obvious that you need to have a driver for an elevator and it changed to be like completely absurd concept the next big change which we had in transportation was the introduction of cars and they have like been an amazing tool for freedom both personally and economically when the cars were introduced people treated them like a replacement for horse carriages without a horse in front of that but then later on it went something completely different I mean by the beginning was a tool for the rich and now everybody has a car well in the beginning they have like really transformed cities and allowed them nowadays they're really like a problem because people are stuck in traffic jams and losing time but they've been an amazing tool for prosperity which was a big change in transportation and then of course yet the introduction of the airplane in the early 20th century this allowed long distance traveled without the airplane globalization as we know it wouldn't have been possible I mean would be impossible to go to New York San Francisco Tokyo and do business without the airplane but then the even more scary thing is learn like for the last hundred years nothing fundamental has changed in transportation right now if you take a hundred year old car you can still fundamentally right on today's roads so nothing big has changed and that's what's very very sad and that's what's going to change massively with a self-driving car in the 21st century the self-driving car will be that defining principle like the introduction of the car the elevator or the airplane has been and that's like what I'm super super excited to have the luxury to work on and show you a little bit why this is going to change the world forever as we know it so the first thing is that cards kill 1.2 million people every year and injured tens of millions of people imagine that 1.2 million people in civilized worlds more people are killed by cars than by guns and I mean except your American you probably think it's crazy to carry a gun but I don't think any of you thinks it's crazy to own a driver's license and I would say that you should abolish driver's license before gun licenses because they're way more dangerous that we give killing machines into the hands of like millions of people that's crazy and like that's what we need to avoid right if you can like make that completely safe like it's safe to ride an elevator nowadays then you can save over the next century like over 100 million lives so that is big impact then the second big thing is cars are polluting our planet if you've ever been to China then you see that there's like smoke everywhere and if you can make those cars go all electric and with green energy then you can also really like reduce global warming and all the bad impacts to health of what people have so that's two big changes but then there's also big economic impact cars are like a big wasteful resource you can make self eighty percent cheaper than regular cars why is that because your car is used an average five to ten percent of the time ninety to ninety-five percent of the time your car standing it'll and not being used this is a massive waste and this is both like the resources which it takes to build the cars to maintain the cars this is just like one of the most wasteful resource which we have it if you can share cars that we all use the same cars like a pool of Texas and we don't utilize them there will be eighty percent cheaper which will mean for us all of us probably we have the luxury of having a car but it will allow a lot of people in emerging economies to have access to a personal car and allow the same thing but the American dream with the car was back then to have your freedom of movement and this will allow whole new class of people to have that freedom another big part is self-driving cars use eighty percent less space than traditional cars why is that because humans are horrible drivers we need a lot of distance between cars and like in the future the self-driving cars that can drive bumper-to-bumper they can bundle multiple cars to one vehicle and like group them together to a small minibus so imagine how the series look like if you free up eighty percent of the space used from cars nowadays so that's like a massive disruption this disruption will come about in two stages similar like other technology has been introduced first it's like a linear shift and a gradual introduction so first what we will see and that we will see in the next five years we'll see self driving taxis so that you can call a text which would be pretty traditional taxi just that there's no dude sitting in front driving you around and obviously much cheaper but the second stage which I'm actually much much more excited as the stage to when we completely reimagine what a car is when you talk about parts and platoons imagine nowadays you're getting up early in the morning and you're like late to work and then you're grumpy because you didn't get your morning coffee and then ton of people honk get you on your way to work and you're very aggressive already in the morning in the future imagine you call a self-driving part that has a nice coffee and the toast waiting for you you have your breakfast and the way to work nobody honks at you because there's no other idiot drivers on the road so you're coming very relaxed to work or imagine that you want to go to Paris and you go to bed tonight in cluj you call a self-driving car with a bed you go to sleep in the next morning you wake up in Paris for a fantastic coffee over there that's the kind of concept which would be enabled if we reimagine what cards mean so what you will see is that cities will be pedestrian again imagine this is how cities were built our cities in Europe were never built to be operated and filled by cars that were upper built in a way that they're nice for pedestrians imagine you consider inclusion the city center enjoy a coffee without all the noise around you because the self trying cards are all electric they are not honking at each other they're not producing any pollution you can sit there and really enjoy the city again imagine what quality of life change that is and then there's another point so since I'm not in the medical field like some other speakers before and I can't help and curing cancer i'm at least a happy that i can work on that how is that more important than a cure for cancer well very simple the average American spends two hours a day in a car so let's consider if you have like 16 hours a day that you're awake that's ten percent of your wake time that you waste your life at so it's like if you give these two hours back where people can read where people can like talk with their family or whatever they want to do I have breakfast in the car then you give them ten percent of their life back that's equivalent to a ten percent life extension no medical queue in the world can like be equivalent to that and then finally what I promised you imagine your personal chauffeur and actually I promised you want personal chauffeur but the amazing thing is you can have as much as you want imagine you want to get your kids to school and in the morning drop them in a self-driving car they go to school the only unlocks when the teacher comes and gets them imagine what kind of better life this creates for you imagine if you have like blind people that are not able to take part in social life because they can't easily go to the city or so on they can in the future call their personal chauffeur bring them in the city center and they can part of social life again imagine elderly people when you want to see your grandparents and they are not able to drive in the future you just send them a self-driving car pick them up to your place and have breakfast together with them imagine how nice this world is going to be and that's what I want to close this because I've seen a lot of people are very very afraid of innovation and they see that like the future is very bleak and like costing us all our jobs but what I want to urge you all is that instead of fearing the future we should all work together to build the future that we want to have and build a word for our children that's better than the world that we grew up with and I think that's very possible thank you very much

- Anduril CEO unveils the Fury unmanned fighter jet: Kind: captions Language: en 60 Minutes overtime. Do you see a world where machines are fighting our battles for us? Oh, absolutely. It's already happening. Our story this week is about Palmer Lucky. He is the billionaire founder of Androl, which makes autonomous weapons that are powered by artificial intelligence. To be clear, autonomous does not mean remote controlled. Once an autonomous weapon is programmed and given a task, it can use artificial intelligence for surveillance or to identify, select, and engage targets. No operator needed. It's a scary idea to some people. It's a scary idea, but I mean that's the world we live in. I'd say it's a lot scarier, for example, to imagine a weapon system that doesn't have any level of intelligence at all. There's no moral high ground in making a landmine that can't tell the difference between a school bus full of children and Russian armor. It's not a question between smart weapons and no weapons. It's a question between smart weapons and dumb weapons. Lucky showed us Lattis, the AI platform that coordinates these so-called smart weapons and collects data from various sensors and sources, satellites, drones, radar, and cameras. There are lots of people who go, "Oh, AI, I don't know. I don't trust it. It's going to go rogue." I would say that it is something to be aware of, but in the grand scheme of things, things to be afraid of, there's things that I'm much more terrified of. And I'm a lot more worried about evil people with mediocre advances in technology than AI deciding that it's going to wipe us all out. Critics have called autonomous lethal weapons killer robots. But Palmer Lucky is really quick to say, "Listen, these all have a kill switch that if a human needs to intervene, they can." Right now, there's so many weapon systems that require manning. You know, if I can have one guy commanding and controlling a hundred aircraft, that's a lot easier than having to have a pilot in every single one. And it puts a lot fewer American lives at risk. So, we're here today looking at the YFQ 44A. This is the first autonomous fighter jet that the Brian Shimp is the CEO and co-founder of Andreal, and he showed us Fury, their unmanned aircraft. We were the first media outlet allowed to see Fury and this has been a super secret project for them. We weren't allowed to say where we saw it or where it's been built, but we were allowed to look at it for the first time. There's no cockpit. There's no human. This system operates totally autonomously. And these are very large serious aircraft designed to do air-to-air combat. Fury is a CCA, which means collaborative combat aircraft. It is powered by artificial intelligence to operate alongside fighter jets that have pilots. This system is designed to use software to autonomously control it and work with a man quarterback sitting in a fighter jet alongside it. Sitting in an F-35 or something like that. These are first and foremost about protecting pilots's lives. These fly out ahead of man fighters and they're able to find the enemy first, be able to engage the enemy well before a man fighter has to be seen or is in range. Uh so these are really about providing that deterrence by putting systems well out in front of man fighters. Andrew was elected by the Pentagon to create a CCA. They beat out a number of prime defense contractors to get a chance to do that. So Fury is their CCA and if it is chosen by the Air Force, they will be mass- prodduced inside the United States. Potentially it would be a lot less expensive than a fighter jet. The goal of these systems is to be mass-producible. And we tried to eliminate really every bottleneck we could find around what makes an aircraft hard to produce. Uh so really simple things that we've been able to do are design the landing gear. For example, instead of using very exquisite big aircraft landing gear, which are hard to produce, really limited supply, we designed it so it can be built in any machine shop in America, instead of using a military engine, we've been able to use a commercial business jet engine that are mass-produced and readily available. And we've designed nearly every part of this that could be made in hundreds of different places within the US from lots of different suppliers. Fury is scheduled to take its first test flight this summer. The Air Force hopes to have CCAs fully operational before the end of this decade. And right now, we're proving out the aircraft and getting through all the engineering, but we're also working through how will these things be used in combat. We're working through simulations and ways these can actually be employed. This is a big deal beyond just making an airplane that flies. It's an entirely new way of fighting.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joedoakes8307 [1 likes]: We're quickly designing and building AI controlled weapons that is going to destroy our world if fully utilized and applied when wars breakout ! Once we've turned all our homes , roads , hospitals and schools and buried all our dead , THEN we can start all over and hopefully find a way to live peacefully !
  2. @billbixby8760: These things are already obsolete.
  3. @philofthefuture1570: I've seen enough movies to know this guy is the villain.
  4. @tomsprunger1942: What's up with the host lagging while she speaks? Robot maybe?
  5. @Backwardlooking: 👍🏻🇺🇸✌️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇬🇧
  6. @Yourothernextdoorneighbor: I think it would be better if the drones had human operators with ai as a back up networked through the plane.
  7. @TCA-Kuda: Merchants of Death
  8. @Brandons774: I didnt picture the Cyberdyne Systems ceo rocking a mullet
  9. @AbdHalim-h9c: 90' hairstyle  nerd 😅😅
  10. @fujiRC1: Terminator Robots. 
spend money on finding cures for diseases and not killing each other. 
Humans with all this technology are still primitive.
  11. @JcmUniversal-v1x: The jet drone is to slow and easy to intercept plus the flight range is to small also the payload is minimum so it can be ok in case of guerrilla warfare only
  12. @steppengccf: i almost choked on my muffin when i saw that mullet
  13. @ifyoupostitimgonnaroastit: Now tell me iran can compete 😂🎉
  14. @dangboor4277: Millions spend on these evil technologies while people live in sewer tunnels in Las Vegas.
  15. @gruntovik: You can test it in Ukraine. Welcome!
  16. @Jake-l5d5s: This guy is just a rich death dealer and that’s it. He will answer for all of it in the end.
  17. @mikedesposito1981: Democrats already went rogue , we're used to it
  18. @erindanelleavilaavilaguerr7251: All angry and mean. Ohhhhh, look the sane one is back ... so the nice one says, I'll pray with you ... I said cool. But we are not allowed to strangle. So they said, you need a hug. I said, oh, I forgot. So he is knighted by like a vwry official standing public monarch expertly to matters and status of my safety. Already need do overs
  19. @JamieHarmer-n8t: Never trust a dude with a mullet
  20. @terencemalik6415: Этот гадёныш опасен

- Stellantis and Archer team up to manufacture electric aircraft: Kind: captions Language: en AVIATION PHIL LeBEAU IS WITH THE CEOs OF BOTH COMPANIES IN A CNBC EXCLUSIVE. >> THANK YOU JOINED BY THE CEO OF STELLANTIS AND ARCHER THIS IS A PARTNERSHIP YOU'RE ANNOUNCING ON CNBC STELLANTIS IS GOING TO BE TAKING A BIGGER POSITION IN THE FUTURE OF ARCHER. YOU'RE GOING TO BUILD THE MIDNIGHT EV TALL BACK HERE, WORKING WITH THEM TO BUILD THAT AND EXTENDING POTENTIALLY A LOAN TO ARCHER IN THE FUTURE. WHY NOW? WHY EXTEND YOURSELF INTO EV TALLS WHEN YOU ARE IN THE MIDST OF BECOMING AN ELECTRIC VEHICLE COMPANY. >> IT'S ABOUT FREEDOM OF MOBILITY AND THE MIDNIGHT AIRCRAFT IS ABOUT MOBILITY SO WE ARE COMMITTED TO DELIVER TO OUR FELLOW CITIZENS AS MANY TOOLS AS POSSIBLE RELATED TO PROTECTING THEIR FREEDOM OF OPERATABILITY. SO FOR US IT'S A FANTASTIC PARTNERSHIP, A BIG OPPORTUNITY WITH A GREAT COMPANY CALLED ARCHER UNDER ADAM'S LEADERSHIP AND WE SEE A PERFECT SYNERGY BETWEEN WHAT THEY ARE DOING AND WHAT WE CAN BRING, NAMELY BUT NOT ONLY ON THE MANUFACTURING SYSTEM. >> SO WHILE IT WILL BE THEIR FACILITY THAT WILL BE BUILDING THE MIDNIGHT, YOU'LL BE THE MUSCLE BEHIND IT, CORRECT? >> ABSOLUTELY. YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT WE ARE MAKING MORE THAN HALF A MILLION CARS PER MONTH MORE THAN HALF A MILLION CARS PER MONTH. WITH MORE THAN 4,000 PARTS PER CAR. SO MANUFACTURING AND HIGH VOLUME MANUFACTURING IS SOMETHING THAT WE THINK WE KNOW HOW TO DO OF COURSE WITH A LOT OF RIGOR BECAUSE OF ALL THE COMPLIANCES THAT WE NEED TO BE DELIVERING. SO WE FEEL VERY GOOD ABOUT HELPING ARCHER IN THIS >> ADAM, YOU HAVE THE POTENTIAL TO BORROW UP TO $150 MILLION FROM THEM PROVIDED YOU HIT BENCHMARKS IN THE NEXT COUPLE OF YEARS. WITHOUT THEIR COMMITMENT WOULD YOU HAVE TO RAISE CAPITAL AS YOU ARE TRYING TO CONVERT INTO MANUFACTURING THESE EV TALLS >> FROM THE BEGINNING ARCHER HAS BEEN FOCUSED ON FINDING THE MOST EFFICIENT PATH TO MARKET AND SHOWN INCREDIBLE PROGRESS ACROSS AIRCRAFT DESIGN AND WORKING WITH THE FAA TOWARDS OUR CERTIFICATION BUT THE QUESTION NOW MOVES INTO SCALING AND MANUFACTURING. SO IT'S ACTUALLY AN EQUITY COMMITMENT FROM STELLANTIS THAT WE HAVE THE ABILITY TO USE TO HELP RAMP UP AND SCALE >> IF YOU DIDN'T HAVE THAT, WOULD YOU NEED TO RAISE CAPITAL? >> WHAT WE'VE SAID FROM THE BEGINNING WAS WE HAD ENOUGH CAPITAL TO GET THROUGH THE CERTIFICATION PROCESS AND WE HAVE AN ORDER LINED UP WITH UNITED SO THE EXTRA CAPITAL THAT STELLANTIS IS MAKING AVAILABLE TO ARCHER HELPS TO ACCELERATE AND DERISK THE COMPANY. >> CARLOS, A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE GOING TO LOOK AT THIS AND SAY I APPLAUD WHAT YOU'RE DOING BUT IS THIS A WISE OF CAPITAL AS WE'RE LOOKING AT A RECESSION POTENTIALLY AND THOSE HIT AUTO MAKERS. >> IT'S FAIR TO SAY THE FAMILY OF STELLANTIS HAVE BECOME EXPERTS IN FACING CRISIS IT'S CRISIS AFTER CRISIS AFTER CRISIS AFTER CRISIS. SO ONE MORE CRISIS, OKAY, ONE MORE CRISIS, OKAY, THAT'S POSSIBLE WE HAVE A VERY SUFFICIENT SHIELD IT'S CALLED BREAK-EVEN POINT WE HAVE THE LOWEST BREAK-EVEN POINT OF THE AUTO INDUSTRY IN THE WORLD. SO YES, THERE IS A CRISIS, A SLOW DOWN, WE'LL MAKE IT, WE HAVE ABSOLUTELY ALL THE TECHNIQUES, THE FINANCIAL ROBUSTNESS TO FACE THAT. AND THAT DOES NOT MEAN THAT OUR FELLOW CITIZENS STOP LOOKING FOR FREEDOM. AND WE ARE HERE TO DELIVER FREEDOM OF MOBILITY, WHICH IS SAFE, AFFORDABLE, AND CLEAN. THIS IS WHY THIS INITIATIVE MAKES US SO HAPPY AT ARCHER. >> YOU KNOW THE HISTORY, ADAM, THAT CERTIFICATIONS RARELY GO ON TIME NEW AIRCRAFT, IT TAKES A LONG TIME FOR THEM TO BE CERTIFIED. FROM YOUR PERSPECTIVE, DO YOU EXPECT THIS TO BE IN SERVICE, COMMERCIAL SERVICE IN 2025 >> YEAH, WE ABSOLUTELY DO. WE'VE SEEN INCREDIBLE BUY IN AND SUPPORT FROM THE FAA BILLY NOLAN WAS ON -- THE FAA ADMINISTRATOR WAS ON "60 MINUTES" LAST YEAR AND TALKING ABOUT CERTIFYING THESE IN 2024 SO THERE'S A BIG INITIATIVE TO MAKE SURE THEY'RE USED IN THE 2028 OLYMPICS IN L.A SO WE HAVE TO GET TO MARKET IN 2025 TO MAKE THAT HAPPEN WE'VE MADE INCREDIBLE PROGRESS WITH THE FAA AND DON'T SEE ANY REASON WHY WE WON'T STAY ON THAT SCHEDULE >> ALWAYS GOOD TO TALK WITH YOU BOTH ON A DAY WHERE STELLANTIS IS SAYING WE MAY BE HEADED INTO A RECESSION AND THERE'

  Top Comments:
  1. @Evo_Melo [4 likes]: Beautiful aircraft with United Airlines + Stellantis deal 📈
  2. @twobeerjohn [4 likes]: Stellantis having trouble building cars.
  3. @TARugg [2 likes]: Phil LeBeau is asking these questions with an attitude. These CEOs are first-class in putting up with him.
  4. @marcv2648 [2 likes]: Whew! Thank god we got the money!
  5. @JRBROOKS42 [1 likes]: NOW THEY FLYING AROUND LIKE UFOS ?? 🤔🤔😎😎🇺🇸🇺🇸🤪🤪🤣🤣🤣🤣👌👌
  6. @wwolfdogs [1 likes]: Better hope Stellantis's planes are more reliable than their cars.
  7. @francescobini1188 [1 likes]: Fellow citizens from Italy … how many time Italian government put citizen money to save Fiat .. unbelievable!
  8. @robsonf6683: That's the drone mystery.  These are the drones in NJ.
  9. @RichardTrujillo-g3o: Phil, well done, but you might have asked Carlos what Stellantis received from Archer in warrants for the sponsorship.  Warrants that could be shares dumped on the market making the deal a plus for Stellantis and a negative for Archer shareholders.  They "Have to make it to market by 2025"  Not looking realistic, now.
  10. @Copacobunda: This was an obvious company for anyone that watched the Jetsons in the 1970s.  How much in royalties will they owe the Jetsons?

- How The Ultra-Rich Fly Around The World In $80M Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] This $80 million plane is the latest in a fleet of private jets offered by Qatar executive. First class is not even a comparison right now because there's an actual >> with the world seeing more billionaires than ever. Demand for this kind of extravagant travel is soaring and accessing this luxury is becoming easier than ever through chartering and time share services. Qatar has been quietly building up its aviation industry, too. >> This whole country, it's it's sort of well, it's like a giant aviation industrial complex with a country under it. >> Recently, Qatar gifted President Trump a luxury jet intended to be used as a new Air Force One. >> You look at some of the Arab countries and the planes they have parked alongside of the United States of America plane, it's like from a different planet. So, how luxurious are private jets these days and what are the trends driving the industry? This airport in Doha is mainly reserved for flights on Qatar Executive which caters to corporate customers, government officials and what the airline calls ultra high netw worth individuals. >> My first and probably last time on a private jet. Let's go. We took a tour of one of their newest models, the G700. Custom made by the American company GFream. The Jet has many exclusive features, including 10 leather seats and a couch that can all turn into beds. >> Yes, it's comfortable. I just want to say like that there's a certain smell in this plane and it kind of smells like luxury or leather. Unlike commercial cabins that recirculate air, this plane is designed to take in fresh air through the engines, it is then compressed, cooled, and filtered before being released into the cabin. There's also a private suite all the way at the back to minimize the engine noise. So, this door is designed to go up and down like this for a reason. It's because at higher altitudes, an aircraft expands. And the only way you can seal the doorway and not let any light through into this bedroom space is if this door moves like this. The airline offers an array of dining options you can order at any time and it offers a concage service. So these macaroons were made at the catering facility in Doha. But say if I was taking this private jet from Paris to Doha and I wanted lad macaroons, then that's what they would do. They would actually buy them and serve them uh as part of their service. The crew is also carefully selected. Every flight attendant must have a minimum 10 years of experience. >> If you have any special requests, we will include and you can have the meals at any time. >> Amazing. The bathroom also has hints of luxury. The amenity kit is designed by the French perfume brand Dipique, whose lotions can cost as much as $100. Perfume, body wash, lotion, and socks. Again, this looks like a chair, looks like a sink, but where in the world is the toilet? Well, guess what? Here it is. lift this. There's the golden throne. >> Shall we say hi to the pilots? >> Say hi to them. >> Hello. Hello. >> How are we doing? >> The pilots on this jet told us there are big differences between flying a commercial plane versus a private jet like this one. And that also adds to the experience. >> It's like having a Ferrari and we have different views on this one. And then uh situational awareness on this airplane is very high. >> The Gulf Stream can fly at an altitude of 51,000 ft. 10,000 ft higher than a typical commercial airliner. That increased altitude has surprising benefits. >> This aircraft is more economical flying higher. So you burn less fuel and it flies much faster. We fly at about 90% of the speed of sound. It also means the jets can fly above commercial traffic and avoid certain weather patterns, so there's less turbulence and the flight can be shorter with a more direct route. Another advantage is how the cabins are pressurized. Commercial flights simulate an altitude of 6,000 to 8,000 ft, about the height of Machu Picchu in Peru. But this jet has a cabin altitude of just 2,800 ft. That's like standing on top of the world's highest building, the Bourj Khalifa in Dubai. >> You feel really comfortable on this airplane. Even after a 13, 14 hour flight, you don't feel tired. Yeah. >> We stayed on the tarmac for this tour. But a one-way flight from New York to Doha on a jet like this can cost up to $300,000 depending on the availability and any specific requests. Since Qatar Airways launched this private jet arm in 2009, it's seen a surge in demand with revenue growing 29% in the last fiscal year. That tracks closely with the rise of millionaires and billionaires worldwide. In 1990, the US had 66 billionaires. Today, it has more than 900. That total is followed closely by China, which has more than 500 billionaires. and India has the third most with 200. Those three countries alone make up more than half of the world's 3,000 billionaires. >> The level of wealth increasing in the world greatly outpaced the business aircraft market. So I think in other words, we're kind of got a game of catchup among uh wealthy folks saying, "Oh, okay. I can fly privately. What a great idea." Powerhouse celebrities from the world of music, film, and sports have all made the upgrade. And for many of them, even charter flights aren't good enough. So, they've bought their own jets. Oprah Winfrey went private back in 1991 after a fan asked her for a hug while waiting for a flight in Chicago's O'Hare airport. Her newest jet is a Gulfream G700 like the one we toured. Taylor Swift, Tiger Woods, and of course, Elon Musk all own personal luxury aircraft. Warren Buffett named his the indispensable after experiencing the convenience of traveling on his own time. And Donald Trump has owned private aircraft since the 1980s. While other public figures might try to play down their expensive purchase, Trump has flaunted it. His Boeing 757 is emlazed with his name in gold letters. He calls it Trump Force One, even though it's not his presidential plane. The US has two Air Force One planes, but they're more than 30 years old, having been used by six presidents dating back to President George HW Bush. So, they need to be updated. During his first term, Trump signed a nearly $4 billion deal with Boeing for two new jets. >> Well, the plane is totally out of control. It's going to be over $4 billion. It's for Air Force One program, and uh I think it's ridiculous. >> They were due to be delivered in 2024, but production delays have pushed Boeing's deadline to beyond Trump's second term. That's why he made other plans. In May 2025, the US accepted Qatar's gift of a luxury Boeing 747-8 jetliner. The plane is decked out with luxury fabrics, big leather seats, and shiny wood veneer. It has lounges and bedrooms, a private office, and of course, an overthe-top bathroom. probably what happened is President Trump got on the current Air Force One and found it rather, you know, quotidian. And then he saw the Qatari plane, which I'm sure has more, you know, gold lame than, I don't know, your standard disc attack in the 1970s, and that's what I want. But the US Constitution has an imoluments clause that prohibits accepting such an expensive gift from a foreign government unless it's approved by Congress. And this one wasn't. >> There is no such thing as a free palace in the sky. What do foreign countries want when they gift massive amounts of money and other gifts to the president? >> I could be a stupid person say no, we don't want a free, very expensive airplane. Uh, but it was I thought it was a great gesture. >> The White House said the aircraft was worth $400 million and would save taxpayers money, but experts say it's 13 years old and might only be worth a quarter of its original price. >> I don't think the Qataris quite know what to do with this jet. There's no residual market. There's no secondary market. So, I think they probably said, "Well, at least we can curry a bit of political favor." >> The upgrade could also take years to complete. Here's what needs to happen. First, the jet must be completely taken apart to check for any spying devices. Then, new security features approved by the Pentagon would need to be installed. Air Force One is designed to be a White House in the sky. It should be able to defend against surfaceto-air missiles and even survive a nuclear attack. It also has a very strategic layout with a surgical suite and two kitchens capable of preparing up to 100 meals at a time. It can even be refueled midair given the plane's unlimited range. >> Does Trump say, "I don't care about these systems. I just like the interior. Do we cut corners and fly around in a less capable, less safe Air Force One?" Here in the US, the rise of private flying is closely tied with the history of Air Force One. Franklin Roosevelt became the first president to fly in a private purpose-built plane in 1945 when he traveled to Crimea during World War II. Roosevelt's plane had a conference room, a special wheelchair lift, a bulletproof window, and a refrigerator, the epitome of luxury at the time. In 1953, President Dwight Eisenhower became the first to officially call his plane the Air Force One, when he upgraded to a jet, a Boeing 707. 10 years later, in 1963, a Swiss American aviation company, Learjet, introduced the first private aircraft with seats for six passengers and two pilots. Its price tag started at about $650,000. In the late '7s, Boeing began converting its popular 747 model for private luxury travel. Over the next two decades, charter services emerged, allowing people to easily explore and book private trips, ushering in a new era of flying. [Applause] Qatar has been building its own aviation empire since 1993 while using planes as a diplomacy tool. In 2000, the country sent a Boeing 747 to Iraq as an expression of solidarity. In 2013, when Turkish and Lebanese hostages were released from Syria, Qatar executive quickly offered jets to escort them home. And in 2018, Qatar's Amir gifted a Boeing 747 to Turkish President Arduan, citing his trust in Turkey. I don't think there's any question that they regard aviation as a kind of an integrated well fabric if you will, economics, diplomacy, uh, military power, so hard and soft power. They there's no way they could be spending this monster amount of money on jets without having a sense of what it all means. >> Becoming an aviation powerhouse has also helped Qatar secure its position in the Middle East. When tensions escalated between Qatar and its neighbors in 2017 over its ties to Iran, Egypt, the UAE, Bahrain, and Saudi Arabia imposed a massive blockade. They denied the tiny kingdom access to their airspace and seas and closed its only land border. Qatar relied on imports for survival and the country was facing a crisis. It quickly turned to its aviation superiority to flex some muscle. The airline flew thousands of dairy cows on Qatar Airways cargo planes from Germany, the Netherlands, the US, and Australia to Doha, where a new farm was waiting to help give the country more control over its food supply. >> Aviation was their lifeline. And whether economically or diplomatically, there was that high-profile story, I believe, of using Qatari jetliners to fly dairy cows into the country so they could have milk, you know. I mean, it was it was an exceptional moment in history. >> And Qatar's influence in aviation extends beyond just owning fancy planes. The Qatar Investment Authority, the country's $500 billion sovereign wealth fund, has bought shares in other airlines. In 2025, it scooped up a 25% stake in Virgin Australia after Australia wouldn't allow Qatar Airways to expand its flights. In 2020, Qatar secured its 25% stake in IA, which operates British Airways, Iberia, and Heirlingus among others. And back in 2012, the country bought a 20% stake in London's Heathro airport. It also owns part of two African airlines, Airlink and Rwanda Air. Qatar's ties to the United States also run deep. It shelled out $8 billion over the last 20 years to help develop and maintain the Al- Uid air base, the largest US military facility in the Middle East. It houses some 10,000 troops. In May 2025, Trump said Qatar pledged another $10 billion towards the base over the coming years. These closed ties benefit some US manufacturers as well, like Boeing. Qatar Airways has an order for 210 aircraft. And Qatar Executive flies 22 private jets made by another American manufacturer, Gulfream, with a few more scheduled for delivery next year. The private jet business is also growing worldwide. Today, there are about 23,000 private jets operating around the world, and about 65% of those are based in the US. That's up from 10,000 jets operating globally in 2000. Analysts say the global business jet market could reach nearly $70 billion by 2032. But owning a private jet isn't the only option. Some invest in fractional ownership, kind of like a time share for jets, where owners share costs such as maintenance, staff salaries, and hanger space. Others book and share chartered planes, or they use jet card programs that are like a prepaid card for flight hours. Vista Jet is one company that offers such a program. >> As long as the runway is long and safe enough, we'll make it happen. >> Vista Jet started with just two Lear jets in 2004. Now it has a fleet of more than 300 aircraft around the world. The company uses a subscription-based plan in which clients buy flight hours and it replicates ownership. But what it does is that it takes away all the ownership risks where the asset depreciation, the the management of the aircraft and the operation of the aircraft. >> It's a convenience clients are willing to pay for. The flight time costs anywhere from 11,000 to about 25,000 an hour depending on the type of plane. Members have to purchase a minimum of 25 flight hours a year with a 3-year commitment. And there's a separate fuel charge on top of the hourly rates. One flight from New York to London on this aircraft type could cost you $300,000 where our average client average net worth are well over half a billion dollars. members are guaranteed a plane will be available for their flight as long as they give 24 hours notice. >> It's like doing a jigsaw puzzle. How you make sure that you have enough availability, but at the same time, we can't have too much waste. >> To avoid empty seats, the company also sells individual chartered flights outside the membership program. And they're looking for ways to reduce their carbon footprint. Studies have found that private flights are up to 14 times more polluting per passenger than flying commercial as a carbon footprint is spread across fewer people. One study calculated that 2 hours of a private flight emits more carbon dioxide than an average person creates in a year. And because these planes fly higher, the emissions are released in more sensitive parts of the atmosphere where they linger, potentially contributing to more global warming. 85% of our customers opt in for our carbon emission program. They could give us, for example, a 7-day booking notice because it help us to organize our fleet to reduce that empty leg. like Qatar executive Vista Jet is competing to meet its customers high expectations for luxury when cooking on a private jet. Um it's very much the food has to be specifically engineered so that things don't dry out and that's what they really specialize on and getting the the food from worldrenowned chefs like Nou and things like this. On the 7,500 we have two ovens which are perfect for for this. With the the private airline, we can really cater to our clients specific needs. Um, we know exactly what our clients like. Um, and we take feedback after every single flight and we write back to our company. When it comes down to owning, sharing or chartering, experts say there's one simple principle. For those who travel a lot and can afford it, owning is perhaps the way to go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [23 likes]: "This is how the world's richest people spend their money": https://trib.al/iMlA0pY
  2. @maxsdad538 [1 likes]: The first Air Force One was a VC121-A Lockheed Constellation, named Columbine II, and used by President Eisenhower in 1953. There is no aircraft called "Air Force One", that is merely a call sign assigned to any USAF airplane that is carrying the president. Army one and Marine one are helicopters (Army and Navy, obviously) used to transport the President, and there has been only one aircraft with the call sign "Navy One", a Lockheed S-3 Viking used to carry President George W Bush to the USS Abraham Lincoln in 2003. The aircraft was then retired to the Naval Aviation Museum in Pensacola, FL
  3. @strikye7: 50% of the video is about Qatar Airways and geopolitics 👎
  4. @strikye7: flag of Saudi Arabia 12:54 😅
  5. @777driver1: 40 years as an airline pilot sim instructor examiner . The vast majority of pilots want to fly in military or for an airline . Problem with corporate is passengers putting pressures on the pilots as well as lack of job security know one who really wants a career in corporate. The first Question is why are you not an military or airline pilot
  6. @777driver1: My only question as a Passenger is what pressures are the pilots under
  7. @Jose-ms9bm: Qatar is getting what in exchange?
  8. @TheLuigi000: Maybe it's because I am BROKE AF but...$80 Million for a PLANE??? Not to mention that I have to fuel it, maintain it, house it, insure it and crew it!?!?! Let's say I have ELON money, that's the ONLY way that makes sense to me...and in that case well...Gulfstream G650 😊
  9. @themu2715: Trump bash video of hearsay hey blue shirt guy . Who told you that. Secret information?  Wow . Nonsense for dummies
  10. @brinjoness3386: "It's like from a different planet", it came from the same factory in the usa. What an idiot
  11. @jvotv5128: America First President who supports Israel and flys foreign planes.....Completely corrupt....Now he is doing deals with them
  12. @andrewchun4895: Stacy’s mom?
  13. @SmokeBurp: its fun to stalk them on adsb websites, just set altitude filter to 42000-50000 feet and you can look and see who it is sometimes, just put their call sign in AI. I saw a alleged cartel boss, I saw starbucks CEO. Lots of crypto people and I think I saw Ronaldo too. lol.
  14. @127ante: Gagaaaaaaaa
  15. @hokko274: So there are only 3000 billionaires versus billons of normal people, what's really stopping society from sharing that money more fairly?
  16. @dvdvvd-d9y: When you have lots of money, everyday should be a YOLO celebration!!
  17. @silence169-s5n: Felt like they missed some steps saying how the room minimizes the engine noise by being in the back. The engine is at the back of the airplane.
  18. @miratsayfullin9173: 6:50 Warren Buffett named it 'Indefensible', not 'Indispensable'
I read about it in his book
  19. @LeeBrown96: Absolutely do not want to see this content as it completely repulses me!
  20. @whatweather: I can’t believe they seriously made it about global warming. That’s why we think it’s partially a hoax because not everything is global warming.

- 'HEY CONGRESS, YOU SCREWED US': Airlines for America CEO BLASTS political games: Kind: captions Language: en STUFF. STUART: EUROPE'S JET FUEL STOCKPILES SHRINKING BY THE DAY. CHRIS SUNUNU, THEY HAVE A JET FUEL CRISIS, DEAL WITH EUROPE FOR A START. STUART: STOCKPILES ARE SLOWLY DIMINISHING, THEY HAVE A DIFFERENT SITUATION, NO ONE SHOULD PANIC, WE HAVE A WAYS TO GO, I TALK TO DIFFERENT AIRLINES IN THE US THAT RELY, THEY HAVE TO REFUEL MAKING SURE THEY ARE NOT PUT TO THE BACK OF THE LINE AND LOOK AT THE ACTUAL NUMBERS. THERE IS A CONCERN OVER THE SUMMER BUT NOTHING THAT SHOULD GET PEOPLE TO MISPLACE THEIR TRIPS OR ANYTHING YET. STUART: BACK HOME DOMESTIC TRAVEL, DOMESTIC, THE RESPONSE OF THE AIRLINES TO THE JET FUEL PROBLEM SEEMS TO BE TO RAISE PRICES. IS THAT WHAT IS HAPPENING? PRICES GOING UP ACROSS THE BOARD? CHRIS:JET FUEL HAS MORE THAN DOUBLED IN PRICE. THE AIRLINES THEMSELVES ARE EATING MOST OF THAT COST, THEY WILL ATTEND $12 BILLION BECAUSE THEY ARE EATING MOST OF IT AND A 20% RISE, NOT THE 50% WE NORMALLY SEE OVER YEAR OVER YEAR. THE AVERAGAGE DOMESTIC TICKET S $300 LAST YEAR, $60, IF WE CAN GET THE STRAIT OPEN IT IS ALL ABOUT THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ AND YOU WILL SEE THAT TOOK DOWN BUT IT IS A SUPPLY-CHAIN ISSUE ON THE FUEL SLIDE SO WE WILL TAKE A LITTLE WHILE, THEY GO UP FAST, DOWN SLOW. ONCE THE STRAIT OPENS UP WE ANTICIPATE THINGS GOING BACK TO NORMAL BUT AIRLINES HAVE TO STAY COMPETITIVE. THEY ARE EATING BILLIONS OF THIS COSTS. STUART: THE TSA FUNDED 1300 AGENTS QUIT DURING THE SHUTDOWN, DEPUTY TSA ADMINISTRATOR ADAM STAHL JOINED A SHOW IN THE LAST HOUR AND SAID IT'S TOO LATE TO HIRE AND TRAIN NEW AGENTS FOR THE WORLD CUP AND SUMMER TRAVEL. ERIC:WE HAVE PASSED THOSE BIG EVENTS IN TERMS OF THE TIMETABLE TO PREPARE AND ONBOARD THOSE INDIVIDUALS, WE ARE PRE-POSITIONING OUR STAFF AND THEY ARE UP FOR THE CHALLENGE, WE ARE CONFIDENT IN OUR BLADE TO FACILITATE THE SAFE AND SECURE MOVEMENTS OF THOSE EVENTS BUT IT IS UNDENIABLE THIS DEMOCRATIC SHUTDOWN HAS HAMSTRUNG AND THE ECONOMY AT LARGE. STUART: HE'S MOVING AGENTS AROUND FOR THE TRAVEL SEASON. >> CONGRESS, YOU SCREWED US, WE HAD NOT LAYOFFS BUT PEOPLE LEAVING, AND REAEAL CONSEQUENC FOR THAT. AND VOTING TIME AND AGAIN. IF WE HAVE A PROBLEM TO ADAM'S POINT, EVERYONE IS SCRAMBLING, MORE TALK FOR ADDITIONAL PRIVATIZATION AND TECHNOLOGY MOVING FORWARD, THIS IS THE SECOND SHUT DOWN IN THE PAST YEAR, THAT IS TO TAKE THE PENALTY. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SUFFERING FOR OUR TSA LINES AND AGENTS THAT COME TO WORK, THERE IS NO PAYCHECK AT THE END OF THE DAY, THAT IS A LOT BECAUSE OF POLITICAL GAME. WE ARE HOPING CONGRESS GETS OF A MESSAGE. ADAM AND THE TEAM ARE DOING A GREAT JOB MAKING SURE THEY ARE INNOVATING AND FINDING WAYS AROUND THE POLITICAL NONSENSE BUT THERE ARE REPERCUSSIONS AND WE HOPE FOLKS ARE TUNING IN. STUART: JFK HAD ANOTHER CLOSE CALL, DELTA FLIGHT CAME WITHIN 500 FEET OF A PROPELLER PLANE, SECOND CLOSE CALLING TWO WEEKS. THIS IS HAPPENING MORE FREQUENTLY. HOW DO YOU ADDRESS IT. IT MAKES THE TRAVELING PUBLIC MORE ANXIOUS, DOESN'T IT? >> THE AIR-TRAFFIC CONTROL MODERNIZATION IS PHENOMENAL. THEY ARE MOVING SO FAST, FASTER THAN ANY LARGE INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT I HAVE EVER SEEN AND I SAY THAT IS A FORMER GOVERNOR IN THE PRIVATE SECTOR. IT WILL TAKE THREE YEARS OR SO. MANAGING FLIGHTS IN THE SKY, AND EVERYTHINGNG IS MORE EFFICIENT. AND THE GROUND TO GROUND CLOSE CALLS. AND THE AIR-TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS THEMSELVES HAS TAKEN OFF AND GOOD IDEA TO PAY AIR-TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS TO TAKE THE PRESSURE OFF. ALL OF THOSE ARE INTERCONNECTED AND IMPORTANT TO RETURN TO THE CONFIDENCE YOU TALK ABOUT. STUART: GIVE ME A GRADE FOR TRANSPORTATION SECRETARY SEAN DUFFY AND HIS PERFORMANCE SO FAR. >> NOT ONLY DOES SEAN GET IT BUT HE'S A GREAT COMMUNICATOR. HE UNDERSTANDS WHAT THE ADMINISTRATION IS GOING FOR. WHEN YOU CALL HIM HE PICKS UP THE PHONE. DIDN'T HAPPEN UNDER THE PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATION WHICH WHEN YOU CALL THESE GUYS THEY PICK UP, RESPOND, LISTENING TO INDUSTRY, LISTEN TO FOLKS ON THE SAFETY SIDE. IT HAS BEEN A PHENOMEN

  Top Comments:
  1. @williammcghee267 [8 likes]: Dem's are against America people!
  2. @JAKJacobs [3 likes]: Vote out all Congress and Senate.  Useless
  3. @jaycswift4751 [3 likes]: The Airline CEO's are not suffering.
  4. @rich8304 [1 likes]: Airline's buy on the futures market ,southwest was the first to do it.
  5. @Unbindered [1 likes]: TSA needs people? It might be an O.K. job opportunity when it's not an election year! 🥸
  6. @johnrank3079 [1 likes]: Give me a break, don’t act like you and the other corporate giants are so Nice! There is no way you all are “eating” the Billions on costs while the ceo’s are getting huge annual bonuses.
  7. @asyfydiet9169 [1 likes]: We should shut down airports in sanctuary cities I bet that will stop the dems from shuting down the government
  8. @PeteDriftmeyerCOOofWJWCommitte [1 likes]: Merry Christmas  🎅 🤶 🎄  Happy New year  ✨️
  9. @the_sinner [1 likes]: The democrats again screwed America because of the government shutdown with the coming World Cup and diminished number of TSA agents. But again we know their goal is to destabilize the country.
  10. @JN-om6rw [1 likes]: We have very good electric rail
  11. @jz1340: Oil companies working their magic...raise jet fuel prices through the roof.
  12. @howardputz2279: Alot of people  voted for this 😅😅
  13. @DonaldCook-t5r: The elephant in the room right now is the incessant negotiations with Iran. End that and a lot of other problems go away. A lot!
  14. @mcmilione: L
  15. @davejzielinski: Europe is a $hithole country run by Communists that without America and Israel they couldn't even feed themselves!
  16. @RaeKursky: Pretending that these issues aren't apart of big techs push to automate everything is a joke. Just say no to big tech propaganda folks... we are more tech advanced than ever yet some how they want us to think we need more so that these issues dont happen yet they didn't use to happen until big money started trying to control society....think for yourself people... just because they say something doesn't mean you should believe it.
  17. @juanwilliams3423: Tcas not suppose to work under 1k this is a success story. All aircraft really need to be equipped with it
  18. @CHUNNOTAY: 5:22 dum azz
  19. @TJRUSA508: WAIT UNTIL THE CATHOLIC CHURCH FINDS OUT
  20. @SandyBrown-h7b: Earthousinycityuprayerepent

- Day 3 From the Milken Institute Global Conference | The Close 5/6/2026: Kind: captions Language: en >> WELCOME TO OUR BLOOMBERG AUDIENCES WORLDWIDE. HERE ON THE FINAL DAY OF OUR SPECIAL EXTENDED COVERAGE FROM THE 29TH ANNUAL MILKEN GLOBAL INSTITUTE CONFERENCE IN BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA. I REMEMBERED MY NAME TODAY. >> I AM KATIE GREIFELD. IT IS OUR THIRD DAY AT MILKEN. WE HAVE SOME BIG NAMES JOINING US OVER THE NEXT THREE HOURS INCLUDING THE CHAIR OF THE MILWAUKEE BREWERS, AS WELL AS THE CEO SYLVIA QUAN. ROMAINE: A LOT TO DISCUSS AS THE CONFERENCE WRAPS UP, A LOT OF BIG THINGS. WE WANT TO KICK OFF OF ONE OF THE MOST QUIETLY POWERFUL HOLDING COMPANIES IN U.S. FINANCE. ELDRIDGE INDUSTRIES, CO-FOUNDER, TONY MINELLA HAS BEEN THE OPERATIONAL ARCHITECT BEHIND WHAT IS NOW A $70 BILLION ASSET PLATFORM, SPANNING MEDIA, TECHNOLOGY, AND THAT INCLUDES SOME CREATIVE BETS ON AI. TONY: I YOU FOR HAVING ME. ROMAINE: A BIG THEME OF THIS YEAR'S CONFERENCE IS AI, IN TERMS OF INVESTMENT, HOW IT IS BEING DEPLOYED INTERNALLY. YOU HAVE A LOT ON YOUR BALANCE SHEET IN THE AI, TECH SPACE, IS THIS A LONG-TERM BET THAT YOU ARE MAKING? TONY: RIGHT NOW, AI IS AN ENABLER. WE ARE LEANING INTO IT AT ELDRIDGE AND A MASSIVE WAY. WE ARE FORTUNATE ENOUGH TO HAVE ALL OF OUR WORKFLOWS IN SLACK. AS YOU COMMUNICATE OVER MICROSOFT OUTLOOK, USE YOUR CALENDAR, CLAUDE CAN POWER INTO SLACK, OUTLOOK, OUR CALENDAR, AND IT'S A BIG ENABLER FOR US. RIGHT NOW, WE HAVE A COMPETITION EFFECTIVELY INTERNALLY TO USE THE PRODUCT AND UPSCALE ACROSS THE ORGANIZATION. WE HAVE 440 PEOPLE, 397 MONTHLY ACTIVE USERS. OF THEM, 200 80 ARE USING ART ON A DAILY BASIS. OUR POWER USERS ARE SPENDING 40 $500 A MONTH IN TOTAL. YEAR TO DATE, WE SPENT 130 $3000 ON CLAUDE. IT IS NOT SUPER EXPENSIVE. WE WILL SEE WHERE THE SPEND GOES IN THE FUTURE BUT WE ARE LEANING INTO IT BECAUSE YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND WHERE TECHNOLOGY IS GOING IN ORDER TO BE EFFECTIVE. ROMAINE: AS YOU DEPLOY IT INTERNALLY, I ASSUME YOU'RE USING THE SAME LINES TO DECIDE WHAT TO INVEST IN. YOU'VE ALSO MADE SOME BIG BETS ON NAMES LIKE COREWEAVE, THE INSURANCE SPACE, AI TEXT THAT, AT LESS ON THE POWER GENERATION SIDE. GIVE ME A SENSE OF HOW YOU MAKE DECISIONS ABOUT WHAT IS THE RIGHT WAY TO SPEND MONEY ON THIS TECHNOLOGY? TONY: WE HAVE 12 PEOPLE INTERNALLY THAT WE HAVE HIRED FROM EITHER CONSULTING FIRMS OR TECH SHOPS THAT ARE HELPING THE ENTIRE ORGANIZATION, WHETHER INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL FORMATION, FINANCE, OPERATIONS, CLIENT SERVICE, UPSCALE, USING THE TECHNOLOGY. THEY ARE EMBEDDED WITH OUR TECHNOLOGY TEAM THAT LOOKS AT INVESTMENTS. WE ARE NOT GOING TO SEE A NEW ADVANCEMENT IN TECH, AI AND SAY HERE IS A SOFTWARE COMPANY THAT WE MIGHT HAVE INVESTED IN OR MADE A MISTAKE IN, WE NEED TO GET OUT OF. KATIE: TALK ABOUT HOW YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT PE-BACKED SOFTWARE. AI IS AN ENABLER, LIKE YOU SAID, BUT ALSO AN INCREDIBLY DISRUPTIVE FORCE. WE HAVE BEEN SEEING THAT PLAY OUT OVER THE PAST COUPLE OF MONTHS. TONY: LENDERS TOOK SOLACE IN THE FACT THAT YOU WERE A LAOAN TO VALUE. YOU WOULD TAKE COMFORT IN THE FACT OF SOMEBODY ELSE IS BUYING A BUSINESS AND YOU ARE LENDING $.40 ON THE DOLLAR RELATIVE TO THE MARKET. AT THE END OF THE DAY, $.40, 40% LOAN TO VALUE, YOU MIGHT BE EIGHT TO 10 TIMES LEVERED IN THAT BUSINESS. ALL OF CASH FLOW GOES TO SERVICE THE DEBT. YOU CANNOT INVEST IN THE FUTURE OF THE BUSINESS. THOSE SOFTWARE COMPANIES WILL NEED TO EVOLVE INTO AN ORCHESTRATION LAYER ON TOP OF AI IN ORDER TO EVOLVE AND SURVIVE. IF YOU HAVE TOO MUCH DEBT, YOU CANNOT INVEST AND PIVOT YOUR BUSINESS. KATIE: THERE ARE SOME MATURITY WALLS COMING UP IN 2028. MATURITY WALLS ARE THE BOGEYMAN BUT MAYBE THIS WONDERFULLY INTERESTING -- WILL BE INTERESTING. TALK ABOUT THE POWER DEMAND GOES INTO POWERING AI. WE HAVE HEARD A LOT ABOUT AI DATA CENTER DEMAND, ONE OF THE HOT TOPICS HERE AT MILKEN. I WONDER HOW YOU ARE APPROACHING THAT. IT FEELS LIKE THAT HAS BLOOMED AS A NEW AS A CLASS OF ITS OWN. TONY: WE FINANCE SOME DATA CENTER BUILDS, WE HAVE FINANCED COLOSSUS, XAI'S DATA CENTER IN MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE. THEY HAVE A COUPLE OF TURBINES THAT WE HAVE FINANCED, ABOUT $600 MILLION WORTH OF DEBT IN THOSE. THAT AMORTIZE IS DOWN IN CASH FLOW. WE HAVE LENT TO THE BUILT IN THE INFRASTRUCTURE BUILDOUT. DATA CENTERS ARE HERE TO STAY. IT WILL BE A POLITICAL ISSUE IN THE NEXT THREE TO SIX MONTHS. YOU SAW WHAT HAPPENED AT SAM ALTMAN'S HOUSE, HE WAS ATTACKED, A MOLOTOV COCKTAIL THAT WAS THROWN. AT THE END OF THE DAY, AI, THEY WILL BE A BACKLASH AGAINST AI. I DON'T THINK DATA CENTERS ARE SQUARELY IN THE MIDDLE OF THAT. IT IS AN ISSUE THAT WE AS A SOCIETY ARE GOING TO HAVE TO ADAPT TO. IT IS NOT GOING TO GO AWAY. WHY DO YOU THINK THAT PEOPLE ON THE INVESTMENT AND ASSET MANAGEMENT SIDE SEE THE UPSIDE POTENTIAL RELATIVE TO WHATEVER THE NEGATIVES ARE, WHILE RANK-AND-FILE PEOPLE ARE LOOKING AT IT FROM A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT OPPOSITE LENS, ALL THE NEGATIVE ASPECTS, POTENTIAL JOB LOSSES, DISRUPTION, BUT NOT SEEING ANY UPSIDE FOR THEMSELVES? TONY: I THINK YOU JUST HAVE TO USE IT. PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF IT BECAUSE OF THE PUBLICITY ASSOCIATED WITH AI, ALL THE HYPE. RIGHT NOW, IF YOU JUMP INTO IT, WHICH IS WHAT WE HAVE EMBRACED AT ELDRIDGE, TRYING TO UNDERSTAND WHAT THE BOUNDARIES OF AI ARE, PUT IT TO USE, YOU CAN UPSCALE YOUR ORGANIZATION. YOU CAN GET MORE DONE WITH LITTLE EFFORT. YOU CAN HAVE BETTER CONVERSATIONS WITH YOUR COLLEAGUES. YOU CAN MAKE MORE INFORMED INVESTMENT DECISIONS. THAT IS REALLY WHAT WE ARE FOCUSED ON DOING. IT IS EASY TO GET SCARED BY IT, BE IN A STATE OF PARANOIA AND PAUSE. I THINK YOU NEED TO LEAN INTO IT AND UPSCALE. ROMAINE: ONE WAY OR ANOTHER, THIS WILL BE ONE OF THE BIGGEST STRUCTURAL SHIFTS WE WILL SEE IN OUR ECONOMY. WE ARE ALSO GOING TO A BIG SHOCK WHEN IT COMES TO ENERGY AND GEOPOLITICS, WHETHER THAT WILL BE AS LONG-LASTING AS WHAT WE SEE IN AI, WHO KNOWS. PUBLIC MARKETS NEAR RECORD HIGHS, OPTIMISM THAT WE MAKE IT A RESOLUTION IN THE MIDDLE EAST SOMETIME SOON. ARE YOU SURPRISED BY HOW RESILIENT THE MARKETS HAVE BEEN OVER THE LAST SIX MONTHS? TONY: THE STRENGTH OF THE EQUITY MARKETS IS UNDENIABLE. THE THING THAT PEOPLE ARE NOT REALLY TALKING ABOUT RIGHT NOW, MAYBE YOU ARE ON BLOOMBERG AND I HAVE NOT BEEN PAYING ATTENTION, BUT TRUMP IS GOING OVER TO CHINA IN EIGHT DAYS. WHEN TRUMP IS IN CHINA IN EIGHT DAYS, WHAT IS THE OUTCOME OF THAT MEETING WITH XI? THERE IS A -- 25% OF CHINA'S OIL SUPPLY IS CONTROLLED EFFECTIVELY BY THE U.S. GOVERNMENT IN VENEZUELA AND THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ. I IMAGINE HE IS TEEING UP FOR A PRETTY PRODUCTIVE CONVERSATION WITH XI. MAYBE CHINA CAN PLAY A ROLE IN RESOLVING THE CONFLICT IN THE MIDDLE EAST. THEY CERTAINLY HAVE AN INCENTIVE TO DO SO. KATIE: IT IS WILD, YOU THINK ABOUT HOW MUCH TIME WE SPEND FOCUSED ON THE U.S. CHINA RELATIONSHIP, CLEARLY HAS TAKEN A BACKSEAT OVER THE PAST TWO MONTHS AS WE ARE FOCUSED ON THE MIDDLE EAST. IT'S A GOOD REMINDER THAT WE WILL SEE A RETURN TO THAT CONVERSATION. YOU THINK ABOUT WHAT WE ARE SEEING IN THE ENERGY MARKETS, AS YOU MENTION, THE EQUITY MARKETS, NOT EVEN ON THE RADAR RIGHT NOW. MUCH MORE FOCUS ON EARNINGS. YOU THINK ABOUT SENTIMENT OVER ALL ACROSS ASSET CLASSES, IF WE STAY AROUND THESE LEVELS WHEN IT COMES TO OIL, IF WE SEE THE DAISY INTO OTHER ASSET CLASSES, IS THAT SOMETHING THAT IS LIKELY, MAYBE WE WILL GET THIS WRAPPED UP QUICKLY? TONY: I HOPE IT IS WRAPPED UP SOONER RATHER THAN LATER. WHETHER IT IS QATAR, ABU DHABI, RIYADH, THERE IS A LOT TO LOSE. YOU HAVE BEEN OVER THERE, YOU HAVE SEEN THE INFRASTRUCTURE THAT'S BEEN BUILT. THERE IS A LOT TO LOSE. THERE IS A LOT AT STAKE. HOPEFULLY, COOLER HEADS PREVAIL AND WE ARE ABLE TO SEE AN ENVIRONMENT WHERE THE U.S. AND CHINA AND RUSSIA CAN WORK TOGETHER OVER MULTIPLE DECADES. I REMEMBER AS A KID, GOING TO BED, TERRIBLY AFRAID OF NUCLEAR ANNIHILATION IN THE EARLY 1980'S. ROLL FORWARD 10 YEARS, WE DEFEAT THE SOVIET UNION, THERE IS A BIG PEACE DIVIDEND. NOW WE SPEND OUR TIME FIGHTING OURSELVES IN THIS COUNTRY. I WISH THAT BOTH SIDES OF THE POLITICAL SPECTRUM ARE IN A SPOT, THE RHETORIC DIES DOWN A LITTLE BIT, AND WE CAN LEAD FROM THE CENTER OF THE COUNTRY AS OPPOSED TO EITHER SIDE. ARE YOU HOPEFUL THAT WILL HAPPEN SOON? TONY: I AM HOPEFUL, BUT WHEN YOU'RE IN YOUR SCROLL, IN YOUR EX FEED, INSTAGRAM, YOU HAVE TO REALIZE, YOU ARE BEING IMPACTED BY FOREIGN INFLUENCES. WHETHER IT IS CHINA OR RUSSIA OR IRAN, THEY ARE IMPACTING THE ECO-CHAMBER WITH WHICH YOU PERCEIVE, SEE INFORMATION. I THINK MOST OF AMERICA DOESN'T REALIZE THAT. WHO BENEFITS FROM THE POLITICAL DISCOURSE IN OUR COUNTRY? THE ONLY PERSON THAT BENEFITS, THE ONLY ENTITY THAT BENEFITS REALLY IS OUR ADVERSARIES. I THINK IT IS INTENTIONAL. I THINK IT IS INTENTIONAL THAT OUR ADVERSARIES ARE CREATING AND FOMENTING POLITICAL DISSENT IN OUR COUNTRY. IT IS INCUMBENT UPON US AS AMERICANS TO BE NOT REPUBLICANS OR DEMOCRATS, BUT TO LEAD FROM A POSITION THAT WE ARE AMERICANS, WANT TO SEE THIS COUNTRY THRIVE AND PROSPER OVER MULTIPLE DECADES AHEAD. KATIE: THERE IS A LOT OF IMPOSSIBLE QUESTIONS I COULD ASK YOU WHEN IT COMES TO GEOPOLITICS. LET'S GO TO CREDIT MARKETS. MAYBE A LITTLE BIT EASIER. I DO WANT TO TALK ABOUT STRUCTURED CREDITS, SPECIFICALLY CLO'S. THERE WAS AN INTERESTING STORY OUT TODAY, APOLLO SAYING ON THEIR EARNINGS CALL, THEY HAVE A NEXT-GENERATION VERSION OF A CLO THAT THEY ARE TOUTING AS LESS RISKY. YOU THINK ABOUT CLO'S IN GENERAL, THEY HAVE BEEN SO HOT OVER THE PAST COUPLE YEARS, ESPECIALLY HIGH-GRADE CLO'S, AS INTEREST RATES HAVE BEEN RELATIVELY ELEVATED. NOW A DIFFERENT CONVERSATION HAPPENING, AS THE EXPECTATION IS THAT RATES WILL EVENTUALLY COME DOWN. I WONDER HOW YOU THINK ABOUT THE CLO MARKET RIGHT NOW. MY UNDERSTANDING IS THIS IS A MARKET THAT YOU HAVE REENTERED SOMEWHAT RECENTLY. TONY: THERE IS A LOT OF TENSION ON PRIVATE CREDIT. SOME OF THE BANKS ARE FOCUSING ON PRIVATE CREDIT. THEY DISTRIBUTE LOANS THAT ARE PRIVATE, SO IT'S A FORM OF THOSE INDIVIDUAL LOANS GO INSIDE CLO'S. HISTORICALLY WHEN TODD AND I STARTED AT GUGGENHEIM, WE PUT TOGETHER A CLO, 100 INDIVIDUAL NAMES INSIDE THE CLO. TODAY YOU HAVE 250 INDIVIDUAL NAMES. WHY? THE DOCUMENTATION THAT HAS BEEN UNDERWRITTEN BY THE PEOPLE DISTRIBUTING THE LOANS HAS ERODED. IT HAS ERODED THE FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLE BETWEEN THE BORROWER AND THE LENDER. THERE ARE GAPS IN THE DOCUMENTATION. WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PROVIDE CAPITAL, COLLATERAL TO ATTACH TO THAT. WE HAVE TWO CLO ETF PRODUCTS RIGHT NOW, AAA CLO CALL THE CLOX, CLO Z WHICH IS A MEZZANINE BB. IT IS A 5% YIELD RIGHT NOW. THAT DOES NOT CARRY A LOT OF RISK WITH IT. ROMAINE: KATIE BROUGHT UP APOLLO. I'M CURIOUS ABOUT THE INSURANCE ASSET MANAGEMENT CONNECTION. APOLLO, KKR, GENERAL ATLANTIC, YOUR HISTORY OVER AT SECURITY CAPITAL. GIVE ME A SENSE WHETHER THAT BECOMES THE BETTER MODEL FOR ALTERNATIVE ASSETS GOING FORWARD. TONY: WHEN WE ORIGINATE, WE HAVE A BALANCE SHEET, SECURITY BALANCE SHEET, $60 BILLION INSURANCE COMPANY. THEY NEED INCOME. WE ORIGINATE INCOME FOR SECURITY BENEFITS, SO THEY CAN PROVIDE INCOME TO THEIR POLICYHOLDERS AND RETIREES. WE ARE A MUCH SMALLER VERSION OF KKR AND APOLLO. WE ARE PRIVATE. WE HAVE AN ALTERNATIVE ASSET MANAGEMENT FIRM. SECURITY BENEFIT IS OUR INSURANCE SOLUTIONS BUSINESS THAT IS A PRIVATE PLATFORM THAT LOOKS A LOT LIKE APOLLO AND KKR. BUT WE STARTED WITH THE BALANCE SHEET AND WE BUILT THE ASSET MANAGEMENT CAPABILITIES AROUND THE BALANCE SHEET, AS OPPOSED TO STARTING WITH THE ASSET MANAGER AND THEN BUYING THE INSURANCE BUSINESS. KATIE: UNFORTUNATELY, WE HAVE TO LEAVE IT THERE. APPRECIATE YOUR TIME. TONY MINELLA, CO-FOUNDER AND PRESIDENT OF ELDRIDGE INDUSTRIES. THIS IS "THE CLOSE" ON BLOOMBERG. KATIE: WELCOME BACK TO SPECIAL COVERAGE OF "THE CLOSE" LIVE FROM MILK AND ON TV AND RADIO. WE HAVE BEEN NEGLECTED TO SAY THAT BUT WE ARE SAYING IT NOW. OUR NEXT GUEST IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRIVATE ASSET TEAM OVER AT J.P. MORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT, MANAGING TO HAD $20 BILLION IN ASSETS. HE ALSO LEADS THE FIRM GLOBAL ETF BUSINESS WHICH HAS OVER $300 BILLION. LET'S BRING IN JED LASKOWITZ, GLOBAL HEAD OF PRIVATE MARKETS AND CUSTOMIZED SOLUTIONS AT J.P. MORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT. SO FUN TO SEE YOU. JED: GREAT TO BE HERE. KATIE: WE ARE ON DAY THREE OF THE CONFERENCE. IT HAS BEEN A DOOZY. I WANT TO GET A PEEK INTO THE CONVERSATIONS YOU BEEN HAVING HERE. WHAT ARE SOME OF THE MAIN THEMES, QUESTIONS YOU'VE BEEN GETTING? JED: INVESTORS ARE THINKING ABOUT WHERE TO PUT CAPITAL. I AM FIGHTING IT REALLY AT TWO ENDS OF THE RISK SPECTRUM. ONE IS WHERE TO FIND REAL DIVERSIFIERS, PORTFOLIO RESILIENCE, DIVERSIFICATION, INFLATION PROTECTION. WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE WORLD IS LIKELY TO BE MORE INFLATIONARY. WE ARE SEEING INVESTORS PUT MORE CAPITAL TOWARD PARTS OF THE REAL ASSET SECTOR. ON THE OTHER END OF THE SPECTRUM, COMPANIES ARE STILL STAYING PRIVATE FOR LONGER. SOME OF THE HIGHEST GROWTH, HIRES PERFORMING AI COMPANIES IN THE WORLD ARE TRANSFORMING LOTS OF DIFFERENT INDUSTRIES THAT ARE HAVING BOTH POSITIVE AND CHALLENGING EFFECTS ON CERTAIN PARTS OF THE MARKET. BUT THE ABILITY TO ACCESS THAT GROWTH IN PRIVATE MARKETS IS EXTRAORDINARY. COMPANIES ARE FURTHER AND FURTHER AWAY FROM GOING TO IPO. OBVIOUSLY, THERE WILL BE SOME BIG IPOS THIS YEAR, BUT THE PRIVATE MARKETS ARE DEEP AND BROAD. THE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES ARE SIGNIFICANT. KATIE: IT FEELS LIKE SPACEX, ANTHROPIC, OPENAI, MAYBE THEY ARE IDIOSYNCRATIC, NOT REPRESENTATIVE OF ALL THE PRIVATE COMPANIES ARE HAPPY TO STAY. ERIC BELCHER NEWS HAS THIS THEORY THAT PEOPLE DON'T NECESSARILY WANT PRIVATE CREDIT. THE INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR THAT A LOT OF SHOPS HAVE BEEN PITCHING TO THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS, THEY WANT PRIVATE COMPANIES. THAT IS THE ACCESS THEY WANT. I WONDER IF YOU ARE SEEING THAT IN YOUR CHAIR RIGHT NOW? JED: I THINK PEOPLE WANT BOTH. PRIVATE CREDIT HAS PROVIDED STRONG RETURNS, YIELDS FOR CLIENTS. THE LAST 10 YEARS HAVE BEEN REALLY STRONG. WHAT HAS GONE ON IN PRIVATE CREDIT RIGHT NOW, IT IS GOOD WHEN AND AS A CLASS THAT HAS GROWN THAT LARGE IN SUCH A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME GOES THROUGH A BIT OF A CYCLE WHERE THERE IS A DIGESTION OF THAT. I THINK INVESTORS AND ASSET MANAGERS ARE LEARNING TO WORK MORE WITH THE WEALTH SPACE. I DON'T THINK THE INDUSTRY HAS DONE A GOOD JOB EXPLAINING SOME OF THESE PRODUCTS. THE TERM SEMILIQUID CAN BE CONFUSING FOR PEOPLE. I THINK THAT WILL CONTINUE TO BE AN IMPORTANT AS A CLASS, BUT YES, INVESTORS WANT ACCESS TO HIGH GROWTH COMPANIES AND PRIVATE EQUITY, TOO. IS AN INTERVAL FUND THE RIGHT VEHICLE FOR THAT? MAYBE, MAYBE NOT. JUST BECAUSE YOU CAN OFFER MORE LIQUIDITY DOESN'T MAKE THE UNDERLYING ASSET MORE LIQUID. I THINK THE INDUSTRY HAS TO BE CAREFUL ABOUT HOW IT APPROACHES THE SPACE OF INVESTORS. KATIE: I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE TERM SEMILIQUID A LITTLE BIT MORE. BRANDING MATTERS, YOU KNOW THAT WELL. IN TERMS OF WHAT YOU ACTUALLY CALL THINGS, THAT MATTERS, TOO. SEMILIQUID, IS THAT A TERM THAT YOU WOULD RETIRE, IS THERE A BETTER NAME THAT WE COULD BE CALLING SOME OF THESE VEHICLES? JED: I THINK THE LINGO CONFUSES PEOPLE, SO I WOULD PROBABLY RETIRE THE TERM. YOU JUST HAVE TO EXPLAIN THE FEATURES OF VARIOUS STRATEGIES. I DO THINK, BY AND LARGE, THE FUTURE OF OFFERING A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF LIQUIDITY PER QUARTER IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO FOR PRODUCTS LIKE THIS. IT PROTECTS THE EXISTING INVESTORS. THE WAY THE INDUSTRY HAS HANDLED THIS HAS GONE VERY ORDERLY. I DON'T HAVE AN ISSUE WITH THE FUTURE, PROBABLY THAT WE SHOULD JUST USE LESS LINGO. ROMAINE: YOU ARE MAKING THAT PUSH INTO WEALTH, NEW GLOBAL HEAD OF PRIVATE THERE. TALK A LITTLE BIT, NOT JUST IN THE PRIVATE SPACE, BUT WHEN YOU LOOK AT PORTFOLIO CONSTRUCTION AMONGST FOLKS IN THAT WEALTH CHANNEL HERE, IS THERE A MISTAKE THAT YOU SEE THEM MAKING THAT YOU AND YOUR FOLKS OVER AT J.P. MORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT CAN CORRECT, AT LEAST SMOOTH OUT? JED: GREAT POINT ABOUT PUBLIC AND PRIVATE MARKETS. WE TALK A LOT ABOUT PRIVATE MARKETS, IT IS HALF OF INDUSTRY REVENUE IN THE ASSET MANAGEMENT INDUSTRY. BUT THE PUBLIC MARKETS HAVE BEEN ON AN INCREDIBLE RUN. 15 YEARS OF 10% THAT RETURN FOR THAT BORING 60/40 PORTFOLIO. IT IS NOT ALWAYS WHAT HAS HAPPENED IN THE PAST. AS WE THINK ABOUT WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN THE FUTURE, WE THINK RETURNS IN PUBLIC MARKETS ARE COMING DOWN. ADDING ALTERNATIVES AND PRIVATES TO A DIVERSIFIED PORTFOLIO MAKES SENSE. IT IS WHERE YOU CAN GET MORE BALLAST, MORE INFLATION PROTECTION. YOU HAVE GOTTEN THAT OUT OF PUBLIC U.S. EQUITY. MAYBE YOU NEED MORE PRIVATES. CAN I PUSH BACK ON THAT? PHENOMENAL RUN IN EQUITY MARKETS, WHO KNOWS WHAT HAPPENS IN THE SECOND HALF OF THE YEAR, BUT WE ARE ON PACE FOR ANOTHER DOUBLE-DIGIT RETURN ON THE S&P 500. SOME PEOPLE LOOK AT THE YIELD IN PUBLIC EQUITIES AND SAY, WHY LOCK MYSELF UP IN A SEMILIQUID PRIVATE ASSET WHEN I CAN GET A LIQUID ASSET THAT I CAN CASH OUT AT ANY MOMENT? I AM CURIOUS, IF YOU BELIEVE IN THE PRIVATE CREDIT STORY AS BEING AN ECONOMICS STORY, DOESN'T THAT ALSO BECOME THE STORY FOR PUBLIC ASSETS AS WELL? THE LIQUIDITY PREMIUM THERE IS THERE FOR A REASON. BUT A SKILLED MANAGER SHOULD BE ABLE TO USE THAT YOU LIQUIDITY PREMIUM TO THEIR ADVANTAGE. THAT IS WHERE WE ARE FOCUSED. WE SEE THOSE TYPES OF OPPORTUNITIES IN PRIVATE EQUITY. WE RECENTLY CO-LED THE DATA BREXIT SERIES L, REPORTED BY YOU ALL AT BLOOMBERG. THAT IS A COMPANY THAT WE GOT TO KNOW EARLY AS A CLIENT, PROBABLY AROUND THERE A SERIES B. THE ABILITY TO FIND NEXT FINANCIAL GROWTH IN PRIVATE MARKETS IS SIGNIFICANT, BUT IT IS AND, NOT OR. KATIE: I WANT TO BRING IN GEOPOLITICS TO THIS CONVERSATION BECAUSE THAT IS ONE OF THE QUESTIONS THAT WE HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT. YOU TAKE A LOOK AT THESE PUBLIC EQUITY MARKETS IN PARTICULAR. IF YOU VIEW THEM IN A VACUUM, YOU WOULD NOT NECESSARILY KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON WITH OIL RIGHT NOW. YOU WOULDN'T KNOW THERE IS A TWO MONTH LONG HOT WAR GOING ON IN THE MIDDLE EAST. THE ANSWER WE KEEP ON GETTING IS TAKE A LOOK AND EARNINGS. CORPORATE AMERICA HAS BEEN SO STRONG. I WONDER HOW YOU ARE WEIGHING THOSE DIFFERENT CROSSCURRENTS, PUTTING IT TOGETHER WITH THE PERFORMANCE WE HAVE SEEN? JED: IT IS A REALLY GOOD QUESTION. I DON'T THINK PEOPLE ARE COMPLACENT AROUND THE RISKS, BUT WHEN YOU GO BACK AND LOOK AT GEOPOLITICAL EVENTS SINCE THE 1990'S, THERE HAVE BEEN EIGHT OR NINE THAT HAVE BEEN DISRUPTIVE. YOU LOOK AT WHAT STOCKS AND BONDS HAVE PERFORMED ON A ONE-YEAR BASIS, THREE-YEAR BASIS OVER CASH. THE CHOICE TO GO TO CASH OR STAY INVESTED. IN THE VAST MAJORITY OF TIMES, THE PUBLIC MARKETS ARE OUTPERFORMING OVER THOSE PERIODS. I THINK WE HAVE TO BE CAREFUL NOT TO BE TOO CONCERNED ABOUT YOU POLITICAL EVENTS IN THE SHORT TERM AND FOCUS ON THE LONG-TERM INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES. NOW, EQUITY MARKETS HAVE BEEN RESILIENT, FIRST-QUARTER EARNINGS ARE GOOD. THEY ARE NARROW, YOU STILL HAVE A BASKET OF AROUND 40 AI STOCKS AND DRIVING A LOT OF THEIR EARNINGS GROWTH, CAP SPENDING, REVENUE. AND THE RALLY HAS CHANGED A LITTLE BIT. IN THE FIRST TWO MONTHS OF THE YEAR, AROUND 60% OF STOCKS IN THE S&P HAD BEATEN THE INDEX. THROUGH LAST WEEK, THAT IS DOWN TO ABOUT 20%, ONE OF THE LOWEST SINCE 2010. IT IS A BIT OF A NARROW RALLY. GEOPOLITICS ARE HAVING AN IMPACT BUT THAT SHOULDN'T CHANGE HER LONG-TERM INVESTMENT STRATEGY. ROMAINE: I APPRECIATE YOU BEING HERE. JED LASKOWITZ OVER AT J.P. WE WANT TO GET TO SOME BREAKING NEWS AS WE WATCH THE MARKETS MOVE HIGHER TO RECORD HIGHS. SHARES OF LETTER TAKING A BIG SPIKE DOWN. WE ARE LEARNING AMY HOWELL, THE HEAD OF THE VANDAL BUSINESS, IS STEPPING DOWN RIGHT NOW. SHARES ARE ONLY DOWN ABOUT 2% HERE BUT A LOT OF TALK ABOUT. WE WERE TALKING EARLIER HERE AT MILKEN ABOUT PREDICTION MARKETS AND A LOT OF PRESSURE THAT IS PUTTING ON THE MORE TRADITIONAL SPORTS BOOKS. KATIE: WE KNOW THAT IS AN EXISTENTIAL QUESTION FOR A LOT OF THESE SPORTS BOOKS. WORTH REPORTING FLUTTER REPORTS AFTER THE BELL TODAY, SO THIS NEWS COMING A FEW HOURS BEFORE THAT. TRADERS TRYING TO DECIDE HOW TO FEEL ABOUT THIS NEWS, BUT THE BIG HEADLINE IS THAT AMY HOWE, THE CEO OF FAN DUEL IS STEPPING DOWN. ROMAINE: WE WILL BE TALKING ABOUT SPORTS HERE. MARK ATTANASIO, OWNER OF THE MILWAUKEE BREWERS, JOINING US HERE ON THE MILKEN STAGE ON TV AND RADIO. THIS IS SPECIAL COVERAGE OF "THE CLOSE" ON BLOOMBERG. COVERAGE OF THE CLOSE LIVE FROM MILK AND ON TV AND RADIO. WE KEEP THE CONVERSATION GOING WITH MICHAEL CHAY. HE BEGAN HIS CAREER IN 1987 OVER AT MCKINSEY, GOING TO RUN HARVARD UNIVERSITY'S PE PORTFOLIO BEFORE SPITTING IT OFF INTO AN INDEPENDENT FIRM NOW KNOWN AS CHARLES BANK. HE NOW CO. RUNS OF THE FLAGSHIP STRATEGY FOR THE MORE THAN 23 BILLION-DOLLAR MIDDLE-MARKET PRIVATE INVESTMENT FIRM. I'M PLEASED TO SAY HE JOINS US NOW AS CEO AND COHEAD OF THAT INVESTMENT STRATEGY. IT IS GREAT TO SEE YOU IN PERSON. >> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME. LOOKING AT THE NOTES YOU SENT FOR OUR PRODUCERS, IN 2010 TO ABOUT 2021, THAT WAS THE DECADE OF SOFTWARE IN PE. WE ARE IN 2026, I WONDER WHAT YOU WOULD CALL THIS DECADE? >> I WOULD SAY WE ARE BEGINNING TO SEE WHAT WE THINK OF A HEALTHY VERSION BACK TO BASICS. IT IS HARD TO REMEMBER THIS NOW, BUT EVEN AS RECENTLY AS THE MIDDLE OF THE LAST DECADE, YOU FELT LIKE YOU RISK OBSOLESCENCE IN PRIVATE EQUITY IF YOUR FIRM WAS NOT -- CAPITAL SOFTWARE. WHAT WE SAW WAS A MASSIVE PRIVATE CREDIT AND PRIVATE EQUITY CAPITAL IN SOFTWARE TRANSACTIONS. INVESTORS WERE REWARDED HANDSOMELY FOR THIS. 55% OF OUR INDUSTRY'S VALUE CREATION CAME FROM MULTIPLE EXPANSION, MUCH OF IT WAS DISPROPORTIONATELY CONCENTRATED IN SOFTWARE. THAT REALLY RESULTED IN A HUGE AMOUNT OF CONCENTRATION CAPITAL, 20% TO 30% IN THE LATTER HALF OF THE DECADE GOING INTO THIS ONE SECTOR. WHAT WE SEE IS THE BEGINNINGS OF A PRETTY BIG UNWIND AND RERATING OF ALL THAT CAPITAL. THERE IS SIGNS OF RISK. PUBLIC SOFTWARE VALUATIONS ARE DOWN 25%, 30%. PRIVATE EQUITY VALUATIONS TEND TO BE STICKIER. LOAN INDEX IN SOFTWARE COMPANIES IS TRADING AT $.88 ON THE DOLLAR. 25% OF ALL LIABILITY MANAGEMENT EXERCISES ARE IN SOFTWARE DEALS. THERE'S SIGNS OF REAL STRESS. THE GOOD NEWS IS WE SEE THIS AS THE BEGINNINGS OF A RETRENCHMENT TOWARDS BACK TO BASICS PRIVATE EQUITY. WE WERE NEVER DESIGNED TO BE A TOP-DOWN MACRO ASSET CLASS. WE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE INVESTING IN MIDDLE-MARKET COMPANIES THAT WE ARE TRANSFORMING. NOW THERE IS A RECOGNITION OVER A 50 YEAR PERIOD OF TIME -- ROMAINE: LET ME BACK YOU UP. YOU SAID 25% TO 30% DOWN IN VALUATIONS. THAT IS NOT OF FALL. ARE YOU MODELING IN DEFAULT RATES NEAR THAT RIGHT NOW? >> THE SOFTWARE LOAN DEFAULT RATE HAS GONE FROM NEAR ZERO OVER A PERIOD OF A DECADE TO ROUGHLY 15%. THE REAL WORLD DATA IS INFORMING US THAT THERE IS ACTUAL STRESS IN THESE COMPANIES. THAT IS NOT REALLY DRIVEN BY A DECLINE IN PERFORMANCE. IT IS DRIVEN BY THE UNWINDING OF SOME OF THE EXITS THAT HAPPEN WHEN CAPITAL CONCENTRATES IN AN INDUSTRY. EXCESS AND EARNINGS DEFINITIONS, EXCESS OF ORIGINAL -- WE ARE SEEING THE BEGINNINGS OF SOMEWHAT OF AN UNWIND OF THAT PROCESS. ROMAINE: DOES THIS CREATE AN OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU IN A MATERIAL WAY? >> ABSOLUTELY. WE THINK THIS TYPE OF ENVIRONMENT LEADS TO, GENERICALLY, FERTILE OPPORTUNITIES FOR MIDDLE-MARKET FOR US, WE INVEST IN MULTIPLE SECTORS. THERE IS A WHOLE PART OF OUR PORTFOLIO WE WOULD THINK OF AS NOT REALLY AFFECTED BY AI ONE WAY OR ANOTHER, THAT MIGHT BE A USE -- SPORTS INDUSTRY, OR INVEST IN BUILDING A PLATFORM. IN POLITICS, WE ARE SEEING INTERESTINGLY PRICED OPPORTUNITIES OF COMPANIES THAT HAVE GREAT GROWTH PROSPECTS IN THE A.I. THAT ARE BEING PRICED IN A RATIONAL WAY. KATIE: I WAS GOING TO ASK IF WHAT WE ARE SEEING IN SOFTWARE IS A MEAN REVERSION, NOT AN EXTINCTION EVENT, WHETHER YOU WOULD STEP INTO SOME OF THAT. IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE TRYING TO AVOID A.I. ALTOGETHER? >> THAT IS ONLY PARTIALLY TRUE. WE DEFINE TECHNOLOGY HOLISTICALLY. WHAT WE ARE SEEING RIGHT NOW IS A GENERAL RISK OFF IN TECHNOLOGY. A LOT OF LENDERS DECIDED THEY NEEDED TO MANAGE THEIR PORTFOLIO GENERALLY. WHAT THAT MEANT FOR US IS EVEN IF WE PAUSE IT, THE EXACT SHAPE OF AI DISRUPTION, THERE IS A LOT OF DOWNSTREAM BUSINESSES, NETWORK AGGREGATION MODELS, TECHNOLOGY SERVICE DISTRIBUTORS, THAT ARE ACTUALLY REALLY SOLID BUSINESS MODELS NOT IMPACTED BY A.I. THAT ARE BEING THROWN OUT WITH THE BATHWATER. ROMAINE: IS IT PART OF THE TECH OPPORTUNITIES FUND YOU HAVE? >> IT IS, WE WILL LOOK AT GOOD MIDDLE-MARKET BUSINESSES THAT HAVE THOSE TYPE OF TECHNOLOGY AND MARKET EXPOSURES WHERE THE A.I. RISK IS UP -- WE ARE THINKING ABOUT WRITING THOSE TO OUR PORTFOLIO. KATIE: GREAT TO GET SOME TIME WITH YOU. REALLY GREAT CONVERSATION. HOPE TO KEEP IT GOING SOON, WE WILL TALK ABOUT YOUTH SPORTS. THAT IS INTERESTING. THAT IS MICHAEL CHOE, MANAGING PARTNER, CEO AND COHEAD OF CHARLES BANK'S FLAGSHIP WE PROBABLY SHOULD LOOK AT MARKETS BECAUSE THEY ARE PRETTY ACTIVE. ROMAINE: RECORD HIGHS RIGHT NOW, BENCHMARK INDICES UP MORE THAN 1%. THE NASDAQ 100 UP ALMOST 2%, PART OF THAT IS THE BIG BUMP UP WE SAW FROM THE EARNINGS OUT OF AMD, AND THE IDEA OF THIS CONTINUED SPENDING IN THE AI SPACE. KATIE: INTERESTING TO SEE THIS RALLY UNDERWAY IN THE BOND MARKET. 10-YEAR TREASURY YIELD'S DOWN BY SEVEN BASIS POINTS, SITTING AT 4.3 5% ON YOUR 10-YEAR TREASURY YIELD. A QUICK LOOK AT WHAT IS GOING ON WITH BRENT, DOWN 8%. ROMAINE: YOU KNOW WHAT WE CALL THAT? KATIE: TELL ME. ROMAINE: INVERSE CORRELATION. KATIE: MIGHT HELP EXPLAIN WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE EQUITY MARKET BEYOND WHAT WE ARE SEEING IN EARNINGS. LET'S SWITCH GEARS AND TALK ABOUT DATING. SPENCER ASSAD -- ROMAINE: NEITHER ONE OF US -- KATIE: WE ARE SPEAKING NEXT TO SPENCER -- HE ASSUMED THE CEO ROLE AT MATCH GROUP, COMMITTED TO BOLSTERING TENDER AND HEDGE PARENTS TRUST WITH ITS CUSTOMERS. IT FOLLOWS HIS DECADE LONG STREAK AND SKILL TO $3 BILLION IN REVENUE AND $10 BILLION MARKET CAP. I’'M PLEASED TO SAY THAT SPENCER RASCOFF JOINS US ON THE HEELS OF MATCH GROUP'S FIRST YEAR EARNINGS REPORT. IT IS GREAT TO SEE YOU. >> GREAT TO BE HERE. KATIE: LET'S TALK ABOUT DATING IN GENERAL. A LOT OF WILD ACCUSATIONS WHEN IT COMES TO GEN Z, THEY DON'T DRINK, THEY DON'T DATE. YOU HAVE SEEN THAT CERTAINLY POP UP IN A LOT OF DIFFERENT INDUSTRIES. I WONDER HOW YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT THE YOUNGER USER WHO -- I DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY DO ALL DAY. >> WE THINK ABOUT IT CONSTANTLY. TEAMS OF SOCIAL SCIENCES DOING THE RESEARCH YOU CAN WANT ABOUT GEN Z AND GEN ALPHA WHICH IS UP AND COMING. GEN Z IS OF LONELIEST GENERATION. THEY DESPERATELY WANT TO CONNECT. THEY ARE A LITTLE NERVOUS IN TERMS OF DOING IT. WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE OUR APPS ADJUST TO THEIR CHANGING EXPECTATIONS. FOR EXAMPLE, TENDER LAUNCHED A FEATURE ABOUT SIX OR NINE MONTHS AGO CALLED DOUBLE DATE WHERE TWO FRIENDS JOIN UP AND THEY ARE SWIPING ON PAIRS OF PEOPLE WITHOUT A QUARTER OF OUR USERS GLOBALLY USING THAT, IN SOME COUNTRIES ABOUT HALF. THAT IS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW WE ARE CREATING MORE SOCIAL, LIGHTWEIGHT, LOW PRESSURE WAVES FOR GEN Z TO CONNECT. KATIE: THE LONELIEST GENERATION, THAT IS PRETTY GRIM. IT IS INTERESTING TO HEAR YOU HAVE HIRED A SOCIAL SCIENCES TO LOOK AT THIS. I WONDER HOW MUCH OF A ROLE DID THE PANDEMIC PLAY? >> IT WAS HUGE, VERY IMPACTFUL. IF SOMEBODY MISSED THEIR HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATION IN THEIR FIRST ONE OR TWO YEARS OF COLLEGE BECAUSE THEY WERE DOING IT ONLINE OR THEY MISSED THEIR GRADUATION THE FIRST ONE OR TWO YEARS IN THE WORKFORCE, AND WORKED FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS, A LOT OF THE FOLKS DID NOT DEVELOP THE TYPE OF SOCIAL SKILLS TO FORM CONNECTIONS THAT MANY PAST GENERATIONS DID. FOR A NUMBER OF YEARS, OUR COMPANY DID NOT ADAPT TO THAT REALITY. WE ARE WE GETTING THE PRODUCT MARKET WITH YOUNG USERS BY BUILDING DIFFERENT TYPES OF FEATURES THAT RESONATE WITH THAT TYPE OF USER AND INTERCHANGING TASTES. IT IS NOT THAT GEN Z DOESN'T LIKE DATING APPS, THEY DON'T LIKE DATING APPS THAT DON'T WORK, AND THAT DON'T WORK FOR THEM. IT IS INCUMBENT UPON US TO MAKE SURE WE ARE ADAPTING TO THAT REALITY AND DOING THAT. WE SHARED A LOT OF DATA ON THE EARNINGS CALL YESTERDAY ABOUT THAT. ROMAINE: I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THAT PROGRESS. YOU WERE BROUGHT INTO TURN AROUND THIS COMPANY, REPORTED EARNINGS YESTERDAY. RELATIVELY DECENT REVENUE GROWTH. PEOPLE WERE LOOKING AT THE DECLINES IN TINDER, WHICH HAVE SLOWED DOWN. 7%. THAT WAS AN IMPROVEMENT OVER WHERE WE WERE BEFORE. WE TALK ABOUT THIS IDEA. YOU HAVE A BIG ECOSYSTEM. MATCH.COM, TINDER, HINGE, A FEW OTHERS. AS YOU DRIVE PEOPLE BACK INTO THESE APPS, WHAT KEEPS THEM THERE? THAT WAS ONE OF THE BIG CRITICISM OF THESE DATING APPS. IF YOU HAVE SUCCESS ON IT, YOU DON'T HAVE A REASON TO CONTINUE USING IT. >> WE HEAR THAT SOMETIMES. SOMETIMES IT IS DIFFICULT FOR INVESTORS TO FIGURE OUT WHERE TO PUT US. THEY ARE USE OTHER SUBSCRIPTION BUSINESSES LIKE SPOTIFY OR NETFLIX WHERE YOU WANT TO RETAIN A USER FOREVER. WE WANT PEOPLE TO HAVE SUCCESS ON OUR APPS AND GET OFF OF OUR APPS. THE HINGE TAG LINE IS IT IS DESIGNED TO BE DELETED. IT IS VERY MUCH MEANT TO GET OFF OF IT. THE BUSINESS MODEL IMPACT OF THAT IS WE WOULD MUCH RATHER HAVE SUCCESS ON OUR APPS AND SHOUT IT FROM THE ROOFTOPS, THAT IS GREAT CHURN. BAD CHURN IS PEOPLE WHO DON'T THEY LEAVE. MY BROTHER AND SISTER -- BOTH JUST MOVED IN WITH THEIR PARTNERS THAT THEY MET ON HINGE. WE LOST 20 OR $30 A MONTH FROM THE CANCELED SUBSCRIPTIONS, BUT MANY HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE HAVE BEEN TOLD ABOUT THE SUCCESS THEY HAD ON HINGE, THAT IS WORTH IT IN TERMS OF WORD-OF-MOUTH. THE DATA WE SHARED ON IMPROVING TINDER'S PRODUCT MARKET FOR IT. IT IS THE NUMBER ONE DATING APP IN 106 2 -- 166 COUNTRIES. IT IS MASSIVE. IT HAS LOST ITS WAY IN TERMS OF PRODUCT INNOVATION. WE HAVE TURNED THE CORNER ON A LOT OF THAT. ROMAINE: THAT WAS A BIG PART OF THAT, A THREE-PHASE PLAN. PRODUCT REBUILDING WAS PART OF NEXT YEAR WE ARE TALKING ABOUT SUSTAINABLE GROWTH. A BIG PART OF THAT, I SAW ONE TRICK WAS $1 BILLION OF REVENUE FOR HINGE? >> THAT IS THE NEAR-TERM GOAL. YOU THINK YOU CAN STILL ACHIEVE THAT? >> ABSOLUTELY, REVENUE IS UP 20% YEAR-OVER-YEAR. IT LAUNCHED IN BRAZIL AND MEXICO A COUPLE OF MONTHS AGO, IMMEDIATELY BECAME THE NUMBER TWO OR THREE DATING APP. WE LAUNCHED 10 NEW COUNTRIES THAT HINGE. THERE IS HUGE RUNWAY INTERNATIONALLY. ENORMOUS POTENTIAL FOR HINGE AS WE ALSO TURNAROUND TINDER AT THE SAME TIME. KATIE: ALSO WANT TO ASK ABOUT A.I.. I MADE A JOKE, YOU CANNOT GO MORE THAN AN HOUR WITHOUT TALKING ABOUT A.I. I'M CURIOUS HOW YOU ARE INTEGRATING A.I.. DO PEOPLE WANT TO INTERACT WITH A.I.? >> GREAT QUESTION. THE WAY WE APPROACH A.I. IS TO BRING PEOPLE CLOSER TOGETHER, NOT TO STAND IN BETWEEN THEM AND ONE ANOTHER. USERS DO WANT A.I., BUT THEY WANT IT SEAMLESS AND IN THE BACKGROUND OF OUR PRODUCTS. SOME EXAMPLES OF WAYS THAT WE USE IT, WE USE IT TO HELP MAKE IT EASIER TO CREATE YOUR PROFILE. IT CAN BE INTIMIDATING TO KIND OF LOOK AT A BLANK SHEET OF PAPER AND DESCRIBE YOURSELF. CAN HELP TEASE IT OUT FOR YOU. WE HELP PEOPLE BEHAVE WELL, BECAUSE ONE PROBLEM THAT PEOPLE HAVE ON DATING APPS IS SOMETIMES THEIR MESSAGES ARE INAPPROPRIATE, OR TOO FORWARD, OR TOO MUCH TOO SOON, TO READ YOUR MESSAGE. AND WE THINK IT IS TOO MUCH, IT POP SOMETHING THAT SAYS ARE YOU SURE -- MIGHT BE A LITTLE BIT FORWARD, A LITTLE BIT INAPPROPRIATE. THAT IS THE WAY WE MAKE A.I. IMPROVE THE SAFETY OF OUR PLATFORM. ROMAINE: IN A LOT OF AREAS OF MY LIFE >> IN THAT EAR PIECE -- ROMAINE: ROULETTE OUT BE ON THE DATING APPS. WE HAVE ABOUT 30 SECONDS. YOU PLAN TO STAY? >> I HAVE A LOT MORE WORK TO DO. ROMAINE: YOUR ENTREPRENEUR. >> I AM A SERIAL FOUNDER, I'VE TAKEN COMPANIES FOUNDED THEM, SOLD THEM. I'M CONNECTED DEEPLY TO THE MISSION OF THIS COMPANY. I REALLY CARE ABOUT HELPING PEOPLE CONNECT. I THINK HUMANS NEED HUMANS, ESPECIALLY IN THIS WORLD OF. MATCH GROUP IS ONE OF THE COMPANIES THAT CAN HELP CURE LONELINESS. ROMAINE: HUMANS DEFINITELY NEED HUMANS. WE APPRECIATE YOU BEING HERE. SPENCER RASCOFF, THE CEO OF MATCH GROUP AND CO-FOUNDER, FORMER CEO AT ZILLOW. WHEN WE TALK, YOUR FAVORITE TOPIC, ADULT SPORTS. THE CHAIR AND PRINCIPAL OWNER OF THE MILWAUKEE BREWERS WILL BE JOINING US AS OUR SPECIAL COVERAGE OF THE CLOSE CONTINUES ON TV AND RADIO. TO STICK WITH US. WE WILL BE BACK IN A MOMENT. THIS IS BLOOMBERG. WELCOME BACK TO OUR SPECIAL FROM THE MILKEN GLOBAL INSTITUTE CONFERENCE. MARK ATTANASIO HAS TO BE ONE OF THE MOST MULTIDIMENSIONAL GUESS THAT WE HAVE SPOKEN WITH. IN HIS CURRENT ROLE AS OWNER OF THE MILWAUKEE BREWERS, CHAIR OF THE MLB INVESTMENT COMMITTEE, HE HAS A LOT TO DO THESE DAYS. THE SHIFTING SANDS OF SPORTS MEDIA DISTRIBUTION AND A COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENT THAT EXPIRES IN LESS THAN SEVEN MONTHS. ALSO COFOUNDED CRESCENT CAPITAL BACK IN 1991. GREAT TO SEE YOU HERE. MARK: NO PRESSURE, RIGHT? ROMAINE: I WANT TO FOCUS ON SPORTS, YOUR ROLE AS A MLB OWNER, ON THE EXECUTIVE COUNCIL ON THE INVESTMENT COMMITTEE, ALSO ON THE LABOR POLICY COMMITTEE. YOU HAVE A BIG COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENT THAT EXPIRES IN SEPTEMBER. ONE OF THE BIG DEBATE GOING ON IS BETWEEN THE SPENDING CAPS AND THE FLOOR ON THOSE CAPS. $280 MILLION PLUS ON THE UPSIDE, 140 MILLION DOLLARS ON THE DOWNSIDE. IS THAT A NEGOTIABLE POINT RIGHT NOW? MARK: THANKS. HARD TO BELIEVE I'VE BEEN IN THE SPORT FOR 21 SEASONS. YOU WAKE UP ONE DAY AND THAT IS HOW YOU FIND YOUR WAY ONTO THESE IMPORTANT COMMITTEES WHICH CARRY A LOT OF RESPONSIBILITY. CAP AND FLOOR IS REALLY A REVENUE SHARING SYSTEM. IT'S A SIMPLE MATH EQUATION FOR HOW YOU SET IT. YOU SET A MIDPOINT AND THEN THERE IS A PERCENTAGE UP AND DOWN. THAT IS OBVIOUSLY NEGOTIATED BEFORE YOU GET TO THAT. WE ARE THE ONLY SPORT IN ANY U.S. PROFESSIONAL LEAGUE THAT DOESN'T HAVE A SALARY-CAP. FROM THE PLAYERS ASIDE, IF THERE IS ONE KEY ISSUE FOR DECADES, IT IS NO CAP ON. WE HAVE TO GET OVER THAT HURDLE. ONE REASON I ASK ABOUT THAT, A LOT OF THE SUCCESS YOU'VE HAD WITH THE BREWERS IS WITH SPENDING DISCIPLINE HERE. CORRECT ME IF I'M WRONG, BUT YOUR MOST RECENT YEAR WAS BELOW WHERE THE PROPOSED FLOOR MIGHT END UP BEING, SO HOW DOES A SMALL MARKET TEAM THAT USED TO BE MORE COST DISCIPLINED RELATIVE TO THE YANKEES, WHO BLOWS CASH OUT THE DOOR, HOW DO YOU ADJUST IF THAT ENDS UP GOING UP? MARK: THERE HAS TO BE AN ADJUSTMENT. LAST YEAR WE WERE PROBABLY BELOW $50 MILLION OF WHAT THAT FLOOR WOULD BE. THERE'S ALSO THE REDISTRIBUTION OF REVENUES. IMAGINE A SYSTEM WHERE IT IS NOT JUST A BIG REVENUE-SHARING PAYMENT TO THE SMALLER MARKETS BUT MORE OF A SHARING ON REVENUES THE WAY THAT THE NFL SHARES, FRANKLY THE WAY THE NBA SHARES, IN TERMS OF HOW YOU REIMAGINE MEDIA. WE ARE GOING TO COMPETE WHENEVER THE SYSTEM IS. I THINK SINCE 2023, I WROTE THIS THIS MORNING, TRYING TO PREP FOR THESE THINGS. WE HAVE THE MOST WINS IN BASEBALL SINCE 20 DODGERS. YOU HAVE THE HIGHEST PAYROLL TEAM AND THE 23RD HIGHEST. WE ARE OWNERS THAT COMMIT TO WINNING. THERE ARE THE TEAMS ARE DOING GREAT, THE RAYS, GUARDIANS, CONTINUED SUCCESS. YOU CAN HAVE COMMITMENT TO WINNING, AND THAT IS NOT WINNING, WHICH MAKES IT CHALLENGING TO OWN A SPORTS TEAM. ALSO IT IS THE THOUGHT OF OWNING A SPORTS TEAM. TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU WOULD SAY IS YOUR LONG-TERM VISION FOR THE BREWERS. WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THIS WORLD WHERE YOU HAVE THESE PAYROLL GAPS, THEY CONTINUE TO WIDEN. YOU ARE FINDING SUCCESS DESPITE THAT, BUT IF YOU COULD ARTICULATE IT, WHAT WOULD IT SOUND LIKE? MARK: IT STARTED BEING A GOOD STEWARD IN THE COMMUNITY. FORTUNATELY, I BOUGHT THE TEAM FROM COMMISSIONER SEELIG. HE WAS A GREAT STEWARD OF THE TEAM FOR 35 YEARS. YOU THINK ABOUT DOING GOOD FOR THE COMMUNITY. EVEN THOUGH THE TEAM IS ENTRUSTED TO MY SONS, AT SOME POINT, ON THE FAMILY OR GROUP WILL BE THE STEWARD FOR THE TEAM. I THINK ABOUT IT BEING A GOOD FAN EXPERIENCE, A GREAT PLACE TO WORK, INCLUDING THE PLAYERS. THE PLAYERS WOULD SAY WHEN I GOT THERE, I HAVE TO GO TO WORK. NO, THEY ARE WORKING REALLY HARD. YOU HAVE TO BE A LEADER IN THE COMMUNITY. WITH THAT, YOU ALSO TRY TO BE SUSTAINABLY COMPETITIVE. KATIE: TALK ABOUT THE EXPERIENCE OF OWNING. YOU MENTION IT IS IN TRUST FOR YOUR SONS, BUT WOULD YOU EVER CONSIDER SELLING A PIECE OF THE TEAM TO LPS, PRIVATE EQUITY OR THE LIKE? MARK: NEVER SAY NEVER, BUT I DON'T SEE SELLING TO PRIVATE EQUITY. WE BROUGHT IMPORTANT FAMILIES FROM THE COMMUNITY INTO OWNERSHIP AS THEY CAN HELP US STEWARD THE ORGANIZATION FOR THE FOUR TENANTS I LAID OUT. EVERY YEAR WE WE CONSIDER THE OWNERSHIP LOOKS LIKE. WE ADDED A COUPLE OF NEW LPS, INVESTORS, I CALL THEM OWNERS, LAST YEAR, A COUPLE BEFORE THAT. INTERESTINGLY, OUR DOZEN OR SO ORIGINAL OWNERS HAVE PRETTY MUCH ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENT IN TRUST WHICH IS GREAT BECAUSE IT REALLY GIVES US THE STABILITY. WE THINK ABOUT THE SUCCESS WE HAVE HAD, STABILITY IN OWNERSHIP, STABILITY AND MANAGEMENT. PAT MURPHY WAS OUR BENCH COACH FOR NINE YEARS BEFORE HE BECAME MANAGER OF THE YEAR. OUR ASSISTANT GM TO DAVID STEARNS FOR NINE YEARS BEFORE BECOMING EXECUTIVE OF THE YEAR, BOTH BACK TO BACK. CONSISTENCY AND FOCUS ON PEOPLE. YOU HAVE BEEN DOING THIS A LONG TIME SINCE 2004 WITH REGARD TO SPORTS OWNERSHIP. THREE OR FOUR YEARS AGO, YOU BRANCHED OUT -- I AM FROM THE MIDWEST. WISCONSINITES ARE PRETTY NICE. YOU DECIDED TO ENTER INTO ENGLISH FOOTBALL. NO OFFENSE TO OUR FANS IN THE U.K., BUT THEY ARE A DIFFERENT BREED OF FAN. YOU BOUGHT NORWICH CITY, TRYING TO BUILD THAT TEAM UP. CURIOUS ABOUT THE DIFFERENCES IN BUILDING A FRANCHISE UNDERNEATH THAT ENGLISH SOCCER SYSTEM RELATIVE TO THE U.S. BASED PROFESSIONAL SPORTS SYSTEM. MARK: WE WERE TALKING WITH SOME OF YOUR PRODUCTION PEOPLE, AND THE SAID YOU ARE LIKE THE TED LASSO OF OWNERSHIP. I DID NOT KNOW WHAT AN OWN GOAL WAS. THAT IS WHEN YOUR OWN GUY KICKS THE BALL INTO YOUR OWN GOAL. I HAD TO LEARN SOME OF THE LEXICON. BY THE WAY, THEY CALL THEM SUPPORTERS. IT IS FOOTBALL. BY THE WAY, OUR MANAGER IN MILWAUKEE CALLS IT KICKBALL. BUT THE SUPPORTERS THERE TRULY BELIEVE THEY OWN THE TEAM. IT IS CRADLE-TO-GRAVE, IN TERMS OF THEIR PASSION. PRETTY MUCH IN MANY CASES, THAT IS WHAT THEY LOOK FOR. OUR SEASON JUST ENDED. IT WILL PICK BACK UP, TRAINING CAMP IN A MONTH. MEANWHILE, SOME PLAYERS ARE PLAYING FOR THEIR NATIONAL TEAM, SO SOME SUPPORTERS WILL FOLLOW THAT. IT WAS A STEWARDSHIP I UNDERSTOOD BECAUSE IT'S WHAT I DID IN MILWAUKEE. I TOOK THE TEAM OVER FROM DELIA SMITH, BELOVED IS EVERYONE'S AUNTIE. OVER 20 MILLION COOKBOOKS. WHEN YOU SEND YOUR SON OR DAUGHTER TO COLLEGE, THEY WOULD HAVE ONE OF HER COOKBOOKS, LEARN HOW TO PREPARE A SALAD. SO SHE WAS REALLY BELOVED. THE FACT THAT THEY REFERRED TO ME AS THE AMERICAN, SO I'M STILL WORKING ON THE LOVE. THERE ARE WORSE THINGS TO BE CALLED. ROMAINE: AT LEAST IT IS NOT THE UGLY AMERICAN. SPORTS HAVE BLOWN UP EVERYWHERE. IN TERMS OF VALUATION, YOU HAVE MADE A LOT OF MONEY WITH THE BREWERS, MAYBE NORWICH CITY, KATIE TALKING ABOUT MORE LPS AND OTHER THINGS COMING IN. AS YOU SEE SPORTS EXPAND AS AN ASSET CLASS, DO YOU THINK IT IS BEING DONE RIGHT? MARK: IT IS BEING DONE, WHETHER IT IS RIGHT OR NOT. THE GENIE IS OUT OF THE BOTTLE. GETTING INTO MEDIA, GAMING, INFRASTRUCTURE, EVERY OTHER ADJACENT CATEGORY. I WILL SAY, OWNING A TEAM IS VERY DIFFERENT FROM INVESTING IN A LEGAL OR SPORTS GENERALLY. IF YOU HAVE AN INVESTMENT IN AN F1 TEAM BUT YOU ARE JUST A PASSIVE INVESTOR IN -- AND THAT HAVE DONE WELL, OBVIOUSLY -- THAT IS DIFFERENT FROM RUNNING THE F1 TEAM. IN THE CASE OF ANY OF THESE SPORTS, BEING A MINORITY INVESTOR IN ANY OF THESE CLUBS. YOU HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF EVERYTHING, STARTING WITH YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO THE COMMUNITY. THEN THE PASSION IS UNBRIDLED. I WILL SAY, ALL I KNOW IS THAT I GET UP AT 4:30 IN THE MORNING IN CALIFORNIA TO WATCH THE NORWICH CITY GAMES. I GET AS ANGRY WHEN WE DON'T PLAY WELL AS I DO WITH MILWAUKEE . ROMAINE: I JUST WANT TO SAY, NOT TO DERAIL US TOO MUCH, BUT PICKED UP THE LEGACY FOR OPENING DAY WITH THE NATIONAL ANTHEM. BEAUTIFUL. MARK: MY DAD SUNG THE NATIONAL ANTHEM EVERY YEAR FOR 10 YEARS. IT BRINGS FAMILIES TOGETHER. IN THIS DIVIDED WORLD, IT'S IMPORTANT NOT ONLY FOR THE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY BUT AS A WAY TO BRING PEOPLE TOGETHER. THANK YOU FOR SAYING THAT. GREAT TO GET SOME TIME WITH YOU, HOPE TO KEEP THE CONVERSATION GOING, ESPECIALLY AS WE GET CLOSER TO L.A. 2028. MARK IS ON THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. ROMAINE: ISN'T THERE A BIG HOLE IN THE GROUND BEHIND US? KATIE: THAT IS MARK ATTANASIO, CHAIR AND PRINCIPAL OWNER OF THE MILWAUKEE BREWERS. COMING UP, CONVERSATIONS ON SPORTS WITH GEORGE PYNE A BRUIN CAPITAL, AND SO MUCH MORE. "THE CLOSE" FROM MILKEN ON TV AND RADIO. COVERAGE OF THE CLOTHES FROM THE MILK AND GLOBAL INSTITUTE CONFERENCE IN BEVERLY HILLS LIVE ON TV AND RADIO, I'M ROMAINE BOSTICK. KATIE: I'M KATIE GREIFELD. A GREAT HOUR COMING UP. AN ALL-STAR LINEUP, INCLUDING CONVERSATIONS WITH GEORGE KLEIN, TIM SLOAN, AND SYLVIA KWAN. ROMAINE: LET'S GET RIGHT TO IT. WE WERE TALKING WITH MARK ATTANASIO, HE MENTIONED OUR NEXT GUEST. SPORTS HAVE BECOME AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTMENT ON THE IDEA THAT FANDOM INSULATES THE INDUSTRY FROM THE UPS AND DOWNS OF THAT ECONOMIC CYCLE. GEORGE PYNE IS ONE OF THE ORIGINAL ARCHITECTS OF MODERN SPORTS COMMERCIALIZATION. I THINK NASCAR, IMG, BRUIN CAPITOL. ONE OF THE FIRMS FOCUSED SOLELY ON SPORTS. RAISE MONEY FOR A $2 BILLION INVESTMENT VEHICLE THAT TARGETS COMPANIES, PROVIDING SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGY. GREAT TO HAVE YOU HERE. IT IS KIND OF FUNNY, SERENDIPITY HERE. BEFORE YOU. HAPPENED TO BRING UP SOME OF THE DEALS OF THE IDEA OF THE TIMERS, IN F1, FOR THE PITCHES AND THINGS LIKE THAT. YOU HAVE MADE A BUSINESS IN SPORTS, BUT NOT INVESTING IN SPORTS TEAMS, BUT INVESTING IN THE TECHNOLOGY AND INFRASTRUCTURE FOR LACK OF A BETTER WORD THAT THEY NEED? >> WE CALL IT SECOND-LEVEL ENABLERS, WE ARE INVESTING IN THE COMPANIES THAT ARE THE BACKBONE THAT POWER THE SPORTS TECH, CONTENT ENABLERS, SERVICES, A LOT OF THINGS, VIRTUAL TECHNOLOGY, LIGHTING FIXTURES THAT LIKE THE GRASS OR PITCH ALL AROUND THE WORLD. THERE'S A WHOLE INDUSTRY, AND BA DOES $75 BILLION. WE WIN BECAUSE OUR SERVICES ARE MORE IMPORTANT. THE NFL WILL INCREASE RIGHTS FOR USE DURING 50%, WE WIN. WE ARE THE BACKBONE. WE ARE POWERING THE GROWTH IN THE BUSINESS. ROMAINE: YOU HAVE DONE A LOT OF DEALS OVER THE YEARS. I'M CURIOUS ABOUT THE EVOLUTION OF WHERE WE GO WITH SPORTS. WE TALK ABOUT THIS IDEA, MUCH MORE GLOBAL -- IT IS A BUSINESS, MUCH MORE GLOBAL. DID YOU EVER THINK I WANT TO BE INVESTED IN THE TEAMS THEMSELVES, ARE YOU PERFECTLY COMFORTABLE? >> TWO DIFFERENT INVESTMENTS, TEAMS HAVE CERTAIN LIQUIDITY, THEY DON'T GENERATE CASH. I LOVE AMERICAN FOOTBALL, BUT I'M NOT GOING TO ADD VALUE TO THE NEW YORK GIANTS. WE INVEST IN THE THAT HAVE HIGH CASH FLOW, HAVE CERTAIN LIQUIDITY. IT THEY CAN DRIVE AND ADD VALUE. WE ARE INTERNATIONAL, SO 75% OF OUR INVESTMENT CAPITALS OUTSIDE THE U.S., AND WE SEE THROUGH TECHNOLOGY, SPORTS OR BEING GLOBALIZED. THE WORLD CUP, THE OLYMPICS, THE NFL, EUROPE GOING ALL OVER THE WORLD, THE NBA GOING TO EUROPE, SPORTS THROUGH IT IS FAR MORE GLOBAL THAN IT USED TO BE YEARS AGO. KATIE: YOU ARE A PIONEER WHEN IT COMES TO COMMERCIALIZING SPORTS INVESTING. A LOT OF THAT CONVERSATION IS AROUND INVESTING OF THE TEAMS THEMSELVES AND THE LEAGUES THEMSELVES. PRIVATE EQUITY HAS WOKEN UP TO THAT FACT. FOR THOSE WHO SEE FOLKS FOLLOW YOU INTO THE ENABLERS YOU TALK ABOUT, THE SECOND TIER. >> WE HAVE NEVER COMPETED WITH THE SAME COMPANY TWICE. ONE OF THE THINGS WE HAVE IS WE SELL INTERNATIONAL. IT IS HARDER TO REPLICATE THE FOOTPRINT. WHEN YOU DO SEE, THERE ARE SO MANY PEOPLE INVESTING IN SPORTS. YOU TAKE A STEP BACK, WHY IS THAT? NOTHING BRINGS TOGETHER MILLIONS OF PEOPLE, IN SOME CASES, MILLIONS LIKE SPORTS. YOU HAVE A HIGHLY ENGAGED AUDIENCE. THINK ABOUT ENTERTAINMENT, IT HAS BEEN COMMODITIZED BY ALL OF THE THREE MAYORS. ENTERTAINMENT IS A LITTLE LESS IMPORTANT. YOU ARE WATCHING FOR A PERIOD, BUT NOT LIKE YOU USED TO. WATCHING SOME OF THE PANELS, THE SPORTS, A.I. ENABLES SPORTS. IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO INVEST, SOMETHING THAT IS SAFE AND RELIABLE, SPORTS IS THAT INVESTMENT. KATIE: I HAVE TO IMAGINE A.I. ENHANCES THE EXPERIENCE OR HAS THE POTENTIAL IF YOU ARE IN LIVE SPORTS. NOT NECESSARILY LIKE PEOPLE WANT TO WATCH ROBOTS PLAYING SPORTS, THEY WANT TO WATCH PEOPLE. ENHANCEMENTS ALSO AND MAY BE YOUR INSULIN. >> THE SAFEST PLACE TO INVEST IS SPORTS BECAUSE IT WILL NOT GET DISRUPTED BY AI, ONLY ENHANCE, IT WILL BRING THE GAME CLOSER TO PEOPLE. FOR MOST OF OUR ADULT LIFE, SPORTS HAS BEEN B TO C, NOW IT IS GOING WITH STREAMERS, BUT ALSO THROUGH NEW TECHNOLOGY. SPEAKING OF STREAMERS, YOU TOOK A MINORITY STAKE, BOX BOX FILMS. LET'S TALK ABOUT F1, THERE IS DRIVE TO SURVIVE. PEOPLE ARE CREDITING THIS WITH BRINGING A LOT MORE AWARENESS IN THE U.S. TO OPEN WHEEL RACING WITH F1. WHY ARE YOU GOING DOWN THAT ROAD? IS IT THE FUTURE, DO WE GET MORE ENGAGEMENT OUT OF THE SPORTS FANS WITH THESE TYPES OF DOCUMENTARIES, UNSCRIPTED PROGRAMMING, DIRECTLY RELATED TO THESE? >> THINGS THAT ARE STICKY, EMOTIONAL CONNECTION. STREAMERS WILL OF SPORTS BECAUSE OF THE ADVERTISING. THAT IS THE NEXT PLACE FOR THEM TO GO. BECAUSE OF THE CONNECTION, IT SHOWS -- CONNECT THE FANS TO THEIR PASSION. YESTERDAY, WE SAW THE HEAD OF FIFA HAD A BIG PANEL, SOCCER BALLS ARE BEING KICKED AROUND EVERYONE TALKING ABOUT THE BEGINNING OF THE WORLD CUP. I'M CURIOUS TO WHAT TYPE OF CATALYSTS, NOT ONLY THE INTEREST IN THE GAME OF SOCCER, FOOTBALL, BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY FOR YOUR BUSINESS. DO THESE TYPE OF LARGE EVENTS CATALYZE NEW INVESTMENT, NEW INTERESTS? YOU CAN FEEL THE PULL, A LOT OF OUR BUSINESSES WILL HAVE ENORMOUS SUCCESS BECAUSE OF THE WORLD CUP. OLYMPICS, THEY DRIVE INTEREST AND AWARENESS. MAYBE YOU CAN SEE MARKETS, LIKE IN SAUDI ARABIA IN 2034, HOSTING THE WORLD CUP. YOU CAN ALREADY FEEL THE PULL IN FOOTBALL, SOCCER, YOU CAN FEEL THE PULL WITH PRODUCTION STUDIOS, SELLING PLAYERS IN SAUDI ARABIA, -- ROMAINE: 2034. >> WE ARE BUILDING FIELDS. THEY ARE BUILDING ENORMOUS ECONOMIC ACTIVITY ON TOP OF COALESCING PEOPLE TOGETHER. YOU MENTIONED BUILDING FIELDS IN SAUDI ARABIA. VERY INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS. I WONDER HOW YOU THINK THROUGH GEOPOLITICS. THE FACT THAT WE DO HAVE IT UNFOLDING IN THE MIDDLE EAST THAT HAS EFFECTS FOR THE REGION, HOW HAVE YOU BEEN APPROACHING THAT? >> CAREFULLY. I DON'T HAVE A SILVER BULLET. ONE OF THE THINGS, I HAVE BEEN DOING BUSINESS INTERNATIONALLY FOR 20 YEARS. WE WERE IN BUSINESS IN 71 COUNTRIES. IT IS AN INTERESTING TIME BEING AN AMERICAN-LED BUSINESS. I THINK HUMILITY IS IMPORTANT AND GOES A LONG WAY. IT IS HOW WE APPROACH THINGS. BE CAREFUL, BE HUMBLE, THAT IS GOOD ADVICE. THERE YOU GO. TALK TO US MORE FROM THAT INTERNATIONAL PERSPECTIVE. WHAT MARKETS ARE YOU SEEING THE MOST GROWTH, AND WHAT ARE YOU MOST EXCITED ABOUT? >> THE GLOBALIZATION. YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT THE WORLD CUP, EUROPEAN FOOTBALL COMING TO AMERICA, AMERICAN SPORTS GOING AROUND THE WORLD THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. THAT IS THE FUTURE. THE ONE-TO-ONE RELATIONSHIP, I MIGHT BE IN LOS ANGELES. I CAN EXPERIENCE LIVERPOOL IN WAYS I COULD NOT 25 OR 30 YEARS AGO. MESSAGING OTHER DIRECT TO CONSUMER PRODUCTS, DIFFERENT TYPES OF CONTENT, PEOPLE CONSUMING CONTENT, THAT IS THE FUTURE. I THINK MORE INTERNATIONAL, EXPERIENCING THE PASSION POINT IN A WAY YOU COULD NOT BEFORE THROUGH TECHNOLOGY. ROMAINE: -- HAD PIMCO ON DURING THE INTERVIEW, HE WAS JUST PAYING ATTENTION TO THE ARSENAL MADRID DAYS. >> THERE IS ALABAMA CRIMSON TIDE, GEORGIA BULLDOGS, IT IS LIVERPOOL AND CHELSEA. ROMAINE: I HAVE TO ASK ABOUT FAIR PLAY AND SPORTS BETTING, WHICH ONE FROM ILLEGAL TO 100 PLUS BILLION DOLLAR BUSINESS. THERE IS A LOT OF DISRUPTION AS WELL. SOME OF THE TRADITIONAL DRAFTKINGS, FAN DUAL, BECAUSE A LOT OF THE COMPETITION IN THAT SPACE RIGHT NOW, YOU HAVE PREDICTION MARKETS LIKE KALSHI TRYING TO HONE THEIR WAY INTO THAT SPACE. IT IS HYPERCOMPETITIVE. WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO? >> WE WERE VERY FORTUNATE TO BENEFIT FROM BEING A GLOBAL COMPANY. AMERICA HAS BEEN A TOUGH MARKET FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE. WHILE THEY HAVE HAD LEGAL GAMBLING, THERE IS STILL A LOT OF ILLEGAL GAMBLING. THERE IS A LOT OF LEAKAGE IN THE PIPES. AS YOU POINT OUT, THE PREDICTION MARKETS ARE STARTING TO TAKE SHARE. IT HAS BEEN A LOT MORE DIFFICULT THAN PEOPLE REALIZE. AS A BUSINESS, IT IS TOUGH. THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT CREDIT LEGAL GAMBLING, THE GROWTH OF LEGAL GAMBLING AS DRIVING A LOT MORE ENGAGEMENT TO SOME OF THESE. I DO WONDER IF THAT IS YOUR VISION WHEN YOU BOUGHT FAIRPLAY -- WHATEVER WE ARE CALLING IT NOW, WAS THAT YOUR VISION? >> YOU ARE TRYING TO GO FOR THE HARD-CORE FAN. IF YOU BET ON A FAN, YOU ARE 19 TIMES MORE LIKELY TO WATCH IT. YOU ARE TRYING TO CONNECT BRANDS TO THESE HARD-CORE CONSUMERS. THAT WAS KIND OF THE VISION BEHIND IT. THE U.S. MARKET HAS BEEN CHALLENGING. THE REST OF THE WORLD, ENORMOUS SUCCESS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, SPAIN, ITALY, BUT THE U.S. HAS BEEN A CHALLENGING MARKET. A LOT OF COMPETITION. IT IS NASCENT, YOU HAVE TAXATION, ILLEGAL GAMBLING. PREDICTION MARKETS. A LOT MORE CHALLENGING ON THE SURFACE. ROMAINE: WHEN YOU LOOK AT HOW THE LINES ARE GETTING BLURRED TALKING ABOUT ENTERTAINMENT, UNSCRIPTED PROGRAMS, DRIVE TO SURVIVE, WHICH ARE BECOMING SCRIPTED PROGRAMS. IN SOME OF THOSE CASES, SPORTS BETTING AND GAMES AND MATCHES THEMSELVES. HAS IT BEEN BECOMING A BROADER ECOSYSTEM? >> 100%. TWO BOYS IN YOUR 20'S, YOUNG MEN ARE ALL BETTING ON THIS, ON IT IS THE WAY CERTAIN PEOPLE GROW UP. IT IS CONNECTING TO THE CONSUMER AGAIN. B TO C, ONE IGO, IT WAS B TO B TO C. NOW IT IS B TO C, A WHOLE ARRAY FROM PRODUCTS COMING AT YOU DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS. ROMAINE: HOW ARE THE BROWN BEARS? >> THEY ARE GOOD. A GOOD SEASON. JON GRUDEN PUT SOMETHING OUT, SO GO GET OUT. ROMAINE: I'M GOING TO TAKE A LOOK AT THAT. KATIE: GREAT TO SPEND TIME WITH YOU, THAT IS GEORGE PYNE, FOUNDER AND CEO OF BRUIN CAPITAL. HAPPENING RIGHT NOW, BLOOMBERG'S VERY OWN ERIK SCHATZKER MODERATING A PANEL INCLUDING JEFFREY GUNDLACH ON BANKS, PRIVATE CREDITS, AND THE FUTURE OF RISK. >> BECAUSE PEOPLE THINK THEY WILL BE A BENEFICIARY OF A.I., THE AVERAGE DOWN 25%. IN CREDIT, IF YOU WERE LENDING TO PROFITABLE SOFTWARE COMPANIES, LIKE ONE THIRD OF PUBLIC SOFTWARE COMPANIES ARE RULE OF 40. IF YOU ARE LETTING THE RULE OF 45, RULE OF 50, 50 5, 60, YOUR STARTING POINT IS A GOOD STARTING POINT. IF YOU LOOK AT THE WAY RULE OF 40 COMPANIES TRADED VERSUS NOT IN THE PUBLIC MARKETS, THEY TRADED 20 TIMES FREE CASH FLOW FOR RULE 40 COMPANIES, AND TRADED CLOSER TO 15 TIMES FOR NON-RULE 40 COMPANIES. THE MARKET IS STARTING TO DIFFERENTIATE THIS. I THINK IT IS AND IS, THERE WILL BE SOME COMPANIES THAT GET DISRUPTED. LIKE WITH ANYTHING ELSE, CONCENTRATION MATTERS. UNDERWRITING STANDARDS MATTER. HUMILITY MATTERS. WE WILL SEE HOW IT EVOLVES. >> I FEEL LIKE I JUST READ A PROSPECTUS, IT IS VERY DETAILED. >> WE TRY TO BE NUANCED. THIS IS NUANCED STUFF. TO A POINT EARLIER, I DON'T KNOW THAT PEOPLE ARE MAKING THESE ARGUMENTS, THIS IS NOT A RISK-FREE ASSET, IT IS NOT A LIQUID ASSET. WE DON'T USE THE WORD SEMILIQUID. THESE ARE LIQUID ASSETS. WE DID NOT SCALE IN THE IRE COMMUNITY LIKE OTHERS DID. THESE ARGUMENTS I VOLATILITY -- WE AGREE PEOPLE SHOULD BE DOING I THINK THE LACK OF NUANCE IS NOT LIMITED TO PRIVATE MARKETS OR PUBLIC MARKETS. KIND OF OVERSIMPLIFYING STUFF -- I THINK IT IS IMPORTANT TO BE NUANCED. >> SEMI LIQUID IS KIND OF A DIABOLICAL NAME. SEMI MEANS HALF AND LIQUID MEANS LIQUID. IT IS HALF -- HALF THE TIME IT IS LIQUID. IT IS LIQUID WHEN YOU DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY, IT IS A LIQUID WHEN YOU DO WANT YOUR MONEY. THAT IS WHAT SEMI LIQUID -- PROBABLY SUBCONSCIOUSLY TERMED THAT WAY BECAUSE IT IS TELLING. >> ISN'T A.I. A BIT DIFFERENT FROM YOUR TYPICAL CREDIT ISSUE INASMUCH AS IT IS -- I DON'T KNOW WHAT ANALOGY TO DRAW, BUT THE ASTEROID COMING INTO HIT PLANET CREDIT. >> AT THE END OF THE DAY, A.I. IS SOFTWARE. IT IS NOT NECESSARILY FREE. RIGHT NOW EVERYONE IS IN THIS STAGE WHERE IF YOU TALK TO MOST COMPANIES THAT HAVE A GOOD BALANCE SHEET, THEY WILL TELL YOU THEY ARE NOT COUNTING HOW MUCH THE TOKENS COST, HOW MUCH IT WILL COST TO RUN THESE THINGS OVER THE LONG TERM OF A LOT OF THOSE TYPE OF CONVERSATIONS. MOST PEOPLE HERE AT THEIR FIRMS ARE DOING THAT. BUT THERE IS A COST TO THAT. WHAT DOES IT DO? IT LOWERS THE BARRIERS OF ENTRY. IT TAKES AWAY PRICING POWER FOR A LOT OF THE EXISTING SOFTWARE VENDORS WE ARE TALKING ABOUT. I AGREE WITH THE SYSTEM OF RECORD STUFF AND WORKING AT A LARGE BANK, THINKING ABOUT SOME OF THE THINGS WE NEED. WE CAN'T TAKE CHANCES WITH THAT, I'M SURE OTHERS FEEL THE SAME. BUT THERE ARE CERTAINLY VENDORS THAT OVER TIME, WILL BEAT -- OR THE PRICE -- ROMAINE: AND WE ARE LISTENING INTO A PANEL TAKING PLACE ON ONE OF THE MILK IN STAGES. JEFFREY GUNDLACH AND JUST AN ALERT TO OUR VIEWERS HERE, WE ARE GOING TO CONTINUE ON THE ROAD. WE ARE GOING TO HAVE A SPECIAL SHOW TOMORROW, LIVE FROM DOUBLELINE'S HEADQUARTERS IN LOS ANGELES. AN INTROSPECTIVE CONVERSATION WITH THE MAN HIMSELF, JEFF GUNDLACH. KATIE: LOOKING FORWARD WHEN TALKING ABOUT GARBAGE LENDING, AND GOING TO BE SO FASCINATING TO GET HIS THOUGHTS ON THE FED AND THIS MOMENT IN MONETARY POLICY. REALLY EXCITED FOR THAT. MUST WATCH TELEVISION AND RADIO. A LOT MORE COMING UP HERE TODAY WHEN WE COME BACK AFTER THE BREAK. WE WILL TALK MORE ABOUT THE GLOBAL REAL ESTATE MARKET. GREAT PERSPECTIVE, TIM SLOAN OVER AT FORTRESS, FORMER CEO OF WELLS FARGO. THIS IS BLOOMBERG. WELCOME BACK TO OUR BLOOMBERG AUDIENCES WORLDWIDE, LIVE ON TV OUR SPECIAL COVERAGE OF "THE CLOSE" FROM THE MILKEN INSTITUTE GLOBAL CONFERENCE. WE HAVE HAD SOME GREAT CONVERSATIONS AND THEY ARE GOING TO GET BETTER. FOR MORE THAN 15 YEARS, U.S. INTEREST RATES AVERAGE LESS THAN 1%, THE ERA OF CHEAP MONEY, AND IT EFFECTIVELY ENDED IN 2022. NOW YOU HAVE TRILLIONS OF COMMERCIAL LOANS UNDERWRITTEN IN THAT ENVIRONMENT THAT ARE COMING DUE SOON AND MAY NEED TO BE UNDERWRITTEN. IT IS CALLED A MATURITY WALL. FOR SOME, IT'S A WORRY, BUT FOR OTHERS, LIKE OUR NEXT GUEST, IT'S AN OPPORTUNITY. TIM SLOAN IS THE VICE CHAIR AT FORTRESS INVESTMENT GROUP. LET'S TALK ABOUT THAT MATURITY WALL. IT IS SIGNIFICANT. NO ONE QUITE KNOWS WHERE INTEREST RATES WILL BE WHEN THESE START COMING DUE. MAYBE THEY WILL BE LOWER IF YOU BELIEVE WHAT THE FED AND KEVIN WARSH MIGHT DO, BUT EVERYONE KNOWS THEY WILL NOT BE 1%. HOW ARE YOU LEADING TO THAT? TIM: WE THINK IT'S AN OPPORTUNITY, CANDIDLY. WE THINK THE MATURITY WALL IN IS ABOUT 3.5 TRILLION DOLLARS. THERE IS ANOTHER MATURITY WALL HAPPENING IN EUROPE THAT IS ROUGHLY A BILLION DOLLARS, SLIGHTLY SMALLER MARKET. THE OPPORTUNITIES WE ARE SEEING IS PROVIDING CREDIT FOR GOOD CUSTOMERS WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT DOESN'T WANT TO GROW THEIR PORTFOLIO. WE ARE STEPPING IN AND PROVIDING LOANS THAT OTHERWISE BANKS MIGHT MAKE ON A VERY ATTRACTIVE RISK-ADJUSTED BASIS. OR THERE ARE MORE OPPORTUNISTIC SITUATIONS IN WHICH WE ARE BUYING THOSE NOTES FROM BANKS, WE ARE PROVIDING FINANCING TO REFINANCE THOSE BORROWERS, OR WHEN THE NOTES ARE FOR SALE OR THE PROPERTIES ARE FOR SALE, WE WILL BUY THOSE IN OUR OPPORTUNISTIC STRATEGY. WE THINK THIS WILL LAST FOR A WHILE. ROMAINE: SO THIS IS JUST GETTING STARTED. TIM: 100%. ROMAINE: THE TIMING WORKS OUT FOR THE INDUSTRY BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE WE WERE HAVING THIS CONVERSATION A COUPLE YEARS AGO, LOOKING AT COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE AND OFFICES, IT WAS A MUCH MORE DOUR CONVERSATION. NOW IT SEEMED LIKE THE WORST CASE SCENARIOS WITH TENANT OCCUPANCY, THAT HAS IMPROVED IN YOUR VIEW? TIM: IT DEPENDS ON THE MARKET. THE OFFICE MARKET IS VERY COMPLICATED. THINK ABOUT IT THE WAY THAT YOU THINK ABOUT THE U.S. ECONOMY, K-SHAPED. IN LOS ANGELES, YOU HAVE CENTURY CITY, WHICH WE ARE ADJACENT TO, WHICH IS BUILDING A NEW OFFICE BUILDING, ABSOLUTELY WELL LEASED. VALUES ARE DOWN FROM THEIR PEAK, BUT YOU GO 10 MILES TO THE EAST, DOWN TO TRADITIONAL DOWNTOWN CORE OF LOS ANGELES WHERE BUILDINGS ARE TRADING AT 2006 VALUES. SUB MARKETS REALLY MATTER. WE HAVE BEEN REALLY ACTIVE IN OFFICE. FOR THE RIGHT INVESTOR, YOU CAN BE VERY SUCCESSFUL. ROMAINE: ON THAT POINT, USING CENTURY CITY AND DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES AS AN EXAMPLE, IS THAT A FUNCTION OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD OR THE TYPE OF BUILDINGS THAT WERE ALREADY THERE? TIM: IT'S A FUNCTION OF LOCATION. I KNOW THAT SOUNDS SILLY, BUT IT IS HARD TO GET AROUND IN LOS ANGELES. IF YOU LIVE ON THE WEST SIDE, THERE IS THIS LINE OF DEMARCATION OF THE 405 FREEWAY. YOU WOULD RATHER WORK ON THE WEST SIDE. IT CAN BE AN HOUR DRIVE DOWNTOWN. THAT IS A DRIVER. WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE TYPES OF TENANTS THAT LIKE TO BE TOGETHER, THERE IS MORE OF A CONCENTRATION IN CENTURY CITY THERE THERE USED TO BE DOWNTOWN. AND YOU HAVE OLDER BUILDINGS. IT'S A FUNCTION OF A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS. THE SAME SITUATION, FOR EXAMPLE, IN NEW YORK. WHEN YOU ARE AROUND THE TRANSPORTATION HUBS OF GRAND CENTRAL STATION OR PENN STATION, THOSE PROPERTIES ARE PERFORMING QUITE WELL. WHEN YOU GET AWAY FROM THAT COME IT'S MORE COMPLICATED. A STAT THAT YOU HEAR EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE ABOUT NEW YORK IS THAT 75% OF THE VACANCIES ARE IN 25% OF THE BUILDINGS. THAT IS WHERE YOU GET THE BOTTOM OF THAT K. KATIE: YOU ARE LEANING INTO OFFICES. I WANT TO TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU'RE SEEING ON THE RESIDENTIAL SIDE BECAUSE WE HEAR A LOT ABOUT MULTI FAMILY FOR EXAMPLE. . I'D LOVE TO HEAR YOUR OUTLOOK ON THAT SPACE. TOP THREE MULTIFAMILY MARKETS ARE NEW YORK, SAN FRANCISCO, CHICAGO. THE PRIMARY REASONS FOR THAT IS THERE HASN'T BEEN A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF OVERBUILDING. THE MARKETS THAT ARE SUFFERING AT THE PRESENT, EVEN THOUGH THE UNDERLYING ECONOMIES ARE VERY STRONG, ARE IN THE SOUTH AND SOUTHEAST. THAT WILL FIX ITSELF, MEANING THERE IS NOT AS MUCH NEW SUPPLY GOING ON, BUT WE ARE VERY ACTIVE IN MULTIFAMILY. WE LIKE TO LEND AND MULTI FAMILY IN NEW YORK, BUYING A LOT OF MULTIFAMILY PROPERTIES IN SAN FRANCISCO. ROMAINE: WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT PROPERTY IN BROOKLYN? YOU FORECLOSED? WE LENT ON THAT, BEFORE CLOSE, WE BROUGHT IN A NEW INVESTOR. I THINK IT WILL BE POSITIVE FOR THE CITY. KATIE: IT FEELS LIKE MULTI FAMILY IS HOT, ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT THE MARKETS YOU MENTIONED. HOW COMPETITIVE IS IT RIGHT NOW, HOW DOES THAT COMPARE TO THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS? TIM: FROM A LENDING STANDPOINT, IT IS COMPETITIVE, PROBABLY THE MOST COMPETITIVE PROPERTY TYPE. ONE OF OUR STRATEGIES, 64% OF THE LOANS WE ARE MAKING OUR MULTI FAMILY. IT IS COMPETITIVE BUT YOU CAN STILL GET A GOOD SPREAD. ON THE EQUITY SIDE, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE REALLY HOT MARKETS, PARTICULARLY NEW YORK AND SAN FRANCISCO, WE ARE NOWHERE CLOSE TO WHERE WE WERE WHEN VALUES WERE HIGH, RATES WERE A LOT LOWER. ROMAINE: I'M CURIOUS ABOUT THE INVESTABILITY FOR THE INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS. WE WERE SPEAKING EARLIER WITH THE HEAD OF THE COMPANY A COUPLE DAYS AGO ABOUT THE LAUNCH OF THE FORTRESS REAL ESTATE EXCHANGE WHICH I ASSUME IS MORE DIRECTED TOWARD THAT WEALTH CHANNEL. WE ARE TALKING RESIDENTIAL HOUSING, SENIOR HOUSING, THINGS LIKE THAT. TIM: THIS IS OUR TRUST PRODUCT. WHAT IS HAPPENING, ACCELERATING OVER THE LAST FEW YEARS, BABY BOOMERS THAT HAVE INTERESTED IN REAL ESTATE, SOMETIMES A SECOND HOMES, INVESTMENT PROPERTIES. THEY WANT TO SELL THOSE PROPERTIES, THEY WILL HAVE A GAIN, WHICH IS GREAT FOR THEM, BUT THEY DON'T WANT TO PAY TAX ON THAT. OUR PRODUCTS ON THE INVESTOR TO SHELTER THAN GAIN IN A NEW REAL ESTATE ASSET, BUT THEY ARE NOT REQUIRED LIKE IN A 1031 EXCHANGE TO MANAGE THE ASSET. THEY GET A CURRENT RETURN OF FIVE, 6%, AND THEN IT ALLOWS THEM TO DEFER THE BASIS UNTIL THEY PASS AWAY, THEY PASS ON TO THEIR HEIRS. KATIE: SPEAKING OF BABY BOOMERS, LET'S TALK A LITTLE BIT ABOUT SENIOR HOUSING. THAT'S A BIG TOPIC WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT RESIDENTIAL. USUALLY WE HEAR MULTIFAMILY AND SENIOR HOUSING AS WELL. HOW MARKET SPECIFIC IS THAT OR DOES THAT EXTEND BROAD BRUSH ACROSS THE COUNTRY? TIM: WE HAVE BEEN VERY ACTIVE IN SENIOR HOUSING, IN FACT, ONE OF THE LARGEST PURCHASERS OF SENIOR PROJECTS OUTSIDE OF THE TWO LARGE PUBLIC COMPANIES. WE HAVE STEPPED BACK. THE SENIOR HOUSING MARKET HAS ALWAYS BEEN THAT NEXT GREAT INVESTMENT. MAYBE FOR THE LAST 20 YEARS. BUT PEOPLE GOT THE TIMING WRONG. THE BABY BOOMERS THAT WHEN THEY GOT TO BE 75 OR 80 YEARS OLD, THEY WOULD MOVE, BUT THEY DIDN'T WANT TO DO THAT. THEY ARE HEALTHIER, PEOPLE ARE LIVING LONGER. THERE WAS A LOT OF CARNAGE IN THE INDUSTRY OVER 10 YEARS AGO. THAT HAS CHANGED BECAUSE THERE IS NOT A LOT OF NEW SUPPLY, AND THERE IS MUCH MORE DEMAND. WE ARE FOCUSED PRIMARILY IN THE SOUTH, SOUTHEAST, PRIVATE PAY SITUATIONS. THE RETURNS WE ARE GETTING ARE VERY ATTRACTIVE. KATIE: REALLY GREAT TO GET SOME TIME WITH YOU. A BUSY MILKEN CONFERENCE. THAT IS TIM SLOAN, HEAD OF GLOBAL REAL ESTATE AT FORTRESS, ALSO THE FORMER CEO OF WELLS FARGO. I THINK WE ARE 30 MINUTES AWAY FROM THE CLOSE? MOVING IN WITH YOU, IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT? ROMAINE: COMING UP NEXT. WE ARE GOING TO DISCUSS THE NEW ECONOMICS OF PRIVATE CAPITAL. VERY EXCITED FOR THIS CONVERSATION WITH TKO CAPITAL CO-FOUNDER. YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS IT. THIS IS BLOOMBERG. ♪ COVERAGE OF THE CLOSE. IN BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA. OUR AUDIENCE FROM OUR BLOOMBERG PLATFORMS INCLUDING TELEVISION AND RADIO WITH ABOUT 30 MINUTES TO THE CLOSING BELL BACK IN NEW YORK. KATIE: ABSOLUTELY LOOKING FORWARD TO BUILDING OFF OF THESE RECORD RALLIES ON DAY TWO OF THE RALLY ON THE S&P 500. INTERESTING TO SEE HOW MUCH RISK APPETITE THERE IS OUT THERE WHEN YOU COMPARE AND CONTRAST THE GEOPOLITICAL LANDSCAPE. ROMAINE: WE TALK WITH A LOT OF COMPANIES EVERY YEAR, INTERESTING TO SEE THEIR GROWTH OVER TIME. OUR NEXT GUEST, MATHIEU CHABRAN, ONE OF THE MOST CONSEQUENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ALTERNATIVE ASSET MANAGEMENT BASED IN NEW YORK. HE'S BUILT TAL CAPITAL TO A BILLION-DOLLAR MANAGER ACROSS PRIVATE CREDIT, PRIVATE EQUITY, REAL ESTATE, CAPITAL MARKET STRATEGIES. HE IS COMING OFF OF A RECORD YEAR OF INFLOWS. GREAT TO HAVE YOU ON THE PROGRAM. YOU HAVE A BIG BUSINESS. I'M GOING TO START WITH A RELATIVELY SMALL DEAL, A 500 MILLION DOLLAR DEBT PLATFORM. KIND OF LIKE NEW YORK CITY REAL ESTATE ROYALTY. I UNDERSTAND WHAT THEY GET OUT OF THIS. BUT WHY PARTNER INSTEAD OF BUILDING OUT YOUR OWN REAL ESTATE CHAIN? >> TIKEHAU HAS A HISTORY OF PARTNERING WITH THE BEST PARTNERS. WE HAVE BEEN THERE EIGHT YEARS, REAL ESTATE IS ONE OF THE BIGGEST STRATEGIES. TIKEHAU ANNOUNCED YESTERDAY WE COMBINED ALL REAL ESTATE PLATFORMS IN EUROPE. THE REAL ESTATE FINANCE, AS WE EXPAND, A NATURAL EXTENSION INTO THE DEBT PRODUCT OFFERING. WE MET WITH THE THIRD-GENERATION REAL ESTATE DEVELOPER WHO WE HAVE TEAMED UP WITH ON EQUITY DEALS. WE SAID THAT COULD BE A VERY INTERESTING PROJECT TOGETHER TO PROVIDE DIVERSIFICATION FOR US, PART OF OUR BUSINESS AND EXPANDING THAT INTO THE PRODUCT OFFERING. THERE IS A STRONG APPETITE FOR ASSET-BACKED HIGH-YIELDING PRODUCT. I'M SURE WE TALK ABOUT WHAT HAS HAPPENED OVER THE PAST FEW WEEKS, PRIVATE MARKETS. IT IS A NATURAL EXTENSION WE ARE DOING IN EUROPE, THE EUROPEAN DEVELOPER HERE, AND WITH BRODSKY , WE ARE HAPPY ABOUT THAT. ROMAINE: I ALSO WANT TO GET ON THE QUESTION ABOUT THE GROWTH WE HAVE SEEN IN TIKEHAU, 500 MILLION DOLLARS IS SMALL. $50 BILLION MORE THAN THAT. YOU HAVE GROWN IT FROM THE FEW MILLION DOLLARS YOU HAVE PUT INTO IT HERE. THERE HAS BEEN SPECULATION ABOUT WHAT IS NEXT. HE RECENTLY SOLD YOUR STAKE IN SHOULDERS. IT RAISED A LOT OF QUESTIONS AS TO WHETHER YOU YOURSELF WOULD BE FOR SALE? >> OK, WE HAVE A HISTORY AT TKO OF BEING OPPORTUNISTIC WHEN IT COMES TO FINANCIAL SERVICES MARKET LEADERS. THE INVESTMENT 18 MONTHS AGO WAS BASED EFFECTIVELY ON UNDERVALUED ASSETS WAS LOOKING TO EXPAND INTO PRIVATE MARKETS, DISCUSSING IT WITH THEM, AND THE THEME, THE INVESTMENT THEME, TO SHOW THE SITUATION THAT MIGHT LEAD TO POTENTIAL M&A. THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED. IN THE PAST, WE'VE HAD THE GWS IPO, SEVEN OR EIGHT YEARS AGO, THE EUROPE -- WE DID THAT WITH EVEN FORTRESS WAY BACK WHEN. WE LIKE FINANCIAL SERVICES, THAT IS WHAT WE KNOW IS BEST, WE ARE ALSO REMINDED OF PLATFORMS STARTING FROM SCRATCH. IT IS NOT ABOUT TIKEHAU BEING UP FOR SALE, BUT LOOKING AT A STRONG PARTNERSHIP. A NUMBER OF PARTNERSHIPS OVER THE PAST FEW YEARS, BRODSKY IS ANOTHER EXAMPLE. WE ARE TALKING TO VARIOUS -- AND YOU HAVE BEEN COMMENCING ON THAT ON BLOOMBERG. THE CONSIDERATION YOU'VE HAD, WE WILL KEEP ON GOING, THAT IS FOR SURE. BECAUSE THE BAR KEEPS RISING. GLOBAL ASSET OWNERS, THEY WANT GLOBAL PARTNERS. CERTAINLY WE ARE ONE OF THE FEW, IF NOT THE LAST EUROPEAN NATIVE FUN LEADING EUROPEAN ASSET MANAGER. AND RIGHT NOW THERE'S A LOT OF QUESTIONS IN EUROPE COMING FROM MANY IN THE WORLD. THE U.S., DRIVING THE SHOW, THE U.S. MANAGER. BUT THAT IS THE DIRECTION OF TRAVEL. KATIE: THAT IS INTERESTING, THAT HAS BEEN A THEME OF THE CONVERSATION WE HAVE BEEN HAVING HERE, THE IDEA THAT MAYBE WE SEE MORE CONSOLIDATION IN THIS INDUSTRY. LET'S TALK ABOUT THE ASSET CLASS ITSELF. PRIVATE CREDIT. WE SPENT A LOT OF TIME UNPACKING WHAT HAS BEEN HAPPENING OVER THE PAST FEW MONTHS. HOW INVESTORS HAVE BEEN REACTING. I WANT TO TALK ABOUT WHAT IS NEXT. YOU THINK ABOUT THE TRAJECTORY, WHAT DO YOU THINK COMES NEXT FOR PRIVATE CREDIT? WHAT IS GOING TO BE THE DEFINING THEME OF THE NEXT PHASE? >> I THINK 3.0, 20 YEARS AGO, PRODUCED EARLIER IN THE U.S., AND THE SECOND CHAPTER THAT MATERIALIZED WITH ALL OF THE SITUATIONS WAS A HUGE MISMATCH OF ASSET LIABILITIES. GOING BACK TO BASICS, YOU RARELY DIE FROM YOUR ASSETS, BUT YOU ALWAYS DIE FROM LIABILITIES. IN THIS CHAPTER THAT YOU JUST WENT THROUGH, I THINK IT IS VERY HEALTHY FOR THE NEXT PHASE. SO THAT GAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO PRODUCE A STRATEGY PEOPLE HAD BEEN TALKING ABOUT. AND SO THE NEXT STEP, I THINK THE CONCERN IS A HUGE FOCUS ON DIRECT LENDING IN EUROPE BECAUSE A RELATIVE VALUE IS BETTER THAN -- IN THE U.S.. AND FROM STRUCTURAL, THE MARKET STANDPOINT, IT IS A VERY CROWDED MARKET IN THE U.S., YOU HAVE THE LARGEST BANK IN THE WORLD, REGIONAL BANKS, PRIVATE, ASSET MANAGERS. IN EUROPE, WE HAVE BANKS AND CAPITAL MARKET. ONLY THE ASSET MANAGERS HAVE BEEN DEVELOPING. VERY HEALTHY. IN THE U.S., I THINK I SAID IN THE PAST, WE ARE OPENING THE GOLDEN AGE OF THE SECONDARY PRIVATE MARKET, PRIVATE OPPORTUNITIES. ROMAINE: IS IT STILL GROWING? YOU HAVE DONE A LOT OF LIQUIDITY DEALS. >> IT STARTED THREE OR FOUR YEARS AGO, NOW THE MARKET IS GETTING ORGANIZED. THE INSTITUTIONAL MARKET HAS BEEN A STRONG BUYER DURING THIS PERIOD. THE PRIMARY MARKET BECAME SO BIG, WHATEVER BRINGS LIQUIDITY TO STRATEGY, -- HAPPY. THAT IS THE OPPORTUNITY AHEAD. GOT TO LEAVE IT THERE, REALLY APPRECIATE YOU MAKING TIME FOR US. THAT IS MATHIEU CHABRAN, THE COFOUNDER OF TIKEHAU CAPITAL. LET'S TAKE A QUICK LOOK AT WHAT IS GOING ON WITH THESE MARKETS. EARNINGS COMING UP AFTER THE BELL. LESS THEN 30 MINUTES AWAY. WARNER BROS. DISCOVERY IS ONE OF THEM. NOT TOO MUCH ACTION IN SHARES. HAVE TO IMAGINE THAT WILL CHANGE LATER ON. WE ALSO HAVE ZILLOW COMING UP AS WELL. ROMAINE: I WANT TO POINT OUT, WE TALK ABOUT STOCKS BEING AT SESSION HIGHS, AND THIS REALLY HAS BEEN THE IDEA. WE WERE TALKING OFF CAMERA, THE OPTIMISM AROUND THE MILK AND RELATIVE TO WHAT WE SAW THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS WHERE EVERYONE WAS CONCERNED ABOUT TARIFFS, CREDIT. YOU ARE NOT HEARING ABOUT THOSE TYPE OF CONCERNS ANYMORE. KATIE: PRETTY AMAZING WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT IT IN CONTEXT. THERE ARE STILL STORIES PERCOLATING IN THE BACKGROUND, PLENTY OF THINGS TO WORRY ABOUT AT THIS MOMENT. WOULD NOT KNOW IT LISTENING TO THE CONVERSATIONS AROUND MILKEN, WOULD NOT KNOW IT BY TAKING A LOOK AT THESE PUBLIC EQUITY MARKETS RIGHT NOW. LET'S KEEP THIS CONVERSATION GOING WITH OUR NEXT GUEST, THE CEO OVER AT PARTNERS CAPITAL, A 25-YEAR-OLD GLOBAL INVESTMENT OFFICE MANAGING MORE THAN $75 BILLION IN ASSETS. OVER THE LAST FIVE YEARS, IT HAS GROWN BY 50%. I'M PLEASED TO SAY THAT -- JOINS US NOW. GREAT TO SEE YOU IN PERSON. COME INTO THE CONVERSATION WE WERE JUST HAVING. THERE ARE THINGS YOU CAN GET WORRIED ABOUT, GET WORKED UP ABOUT. WE TAKE A LOOK AT THE RETURN WHEN IT COMES TO PUBLIC EQUITIES. WHEN YOU TAKE A LOOK AT THE BOND MARKET, THE OIL MARKET, IT FEELS LIKE WE HAVE CALMED DOWN A LITTLE BIT. WHEN YOU LOOK ACROSS ASSET CLASSES, WHERE ARE YOU SEEING THE OPPORTUNITY, AND HOW ARE YOU PIECING TOGETHER THE DIFFERENT CATALYSTS DRIVING THESE? >> MAY BE JUST A WORD ON WHAT WE DO AS A FIRM. THE LONG TERM CAPITALS FOR THE FOUNDATIONS AND FAMILIES, AND AT THE HEART OF IT, WE ARE TRYING TO CREATE PORTFOLIOS THAT ARE HIGHLY RESILIENT UPON WEATHER. THAT IS WHAT WE ARE TRYING TO DO. LET'S PUT THAT IN THE CONTEXT OF TODAY'S ENVIRONMENT. IF YOU LOOK AT EQUITIES, THEY SEEM TO BE VERY RESILIENT. AS I WAS LOOKING AT THE DATA THIS MORNING, 80% OF THE RETURNS FROM THE GLOBAL EQUITY STOCK MARKET HAS BEEN FROM A SINGLE THEME, AI INFRASTRUCTURE STOCKS. THAT INCLUDES SEMICONDUCTORS AND HYPERSCALERS, THAT IS WHAT HAS DRIVEN THE BIG RETURN ONE OF THE THINGS THAT SURPRISED ME THE MOST WAS THE FACT -- THE SENTIMENT WAS SO POSITIVE. IT WAS POSITIVE FOR A GOOD NUMBER OF REASONS. THERE ARE CONCERNS WHEN IT COMES TO GEOPOLITICS, INFLATION AND GROWTH. I HEARD PUBLIC COMMENTS ABOUT YOU, YOU WERE OPTIMISTIC ABOUT AI AS AN INVESTABLE THING. I HAVE SEEN -- SEEN COMMENTS FROM PARTNERS WHO HAVE TALKED ABOUT THIS POTENTIAL FOR OVERSPENDING, AT LEAST RELATIVE TO THE CONSTRUCTION THAT IS COMING OUT OF THE AI BUILD OUT. IS THAT YOUR CONCERN? WE THINK THERE WILL BE WINNERS AND LOSERS. WE THINK A.I. IS TRANSFORMATION, BOTH IN TERMS OF IF LIMITING OUR OWN BUSINESS, BUT FOR OUR CLIENTS. BUT WE HAVE TO BE CAREFUL IN TERMS OF HOW YOU INVEST IN IT. THERE ARE WINNERS AND LOSERS, WE HAVE TO BE SELECTIVE. YOU WANT TO MAKE SURE NOT EVERY PART OF THE PORTFOLIO, NOT EVERYTHING HAS A BET ON A.I. ROMAINE: HOW DO YOU MAKE THAT DIFFERENTIATION? YOU ARE BASICALLY THE MANAGER FOR OTHER MANAGERS. I ASSUME THEY ARE CALLING YOU AND SAY FIND ME AND AI >> WE DON'T QUITE WORK THAT WAY, BUT YOU ARE RIGHT. I THINK THAT IS A FAIR COMMENT. WHAT WE SAY IS IF YOU WANT RESILIENCE IN YOUR PORTFOLIO, YOU WANT TO MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A.I. FEATURED IN THE RIGHT WAY. IF WE END UP WITH AI AND LIQUID CREDIT, IN EFFECT AND PRIVATE CREDIT, YOU WILL HAVE ONE FACTOR THAT CUTS ACROSS PORTFOLIOS, AND THAT IS AT THE HEART OF IT, BECAUSE IF IT GOES WRONG IN ANY WAY, YOU HAVE THE ENTIRE PORTFOLIO NOT STANDING UP IN ALL CONDITIONS, THAT IS IT WITH THE PORTFOLIO. KATIE: IT FEELS LIKE AI IS A THEME THAT IS HARD TO ESCAPE, A WORKING BALDHEAD IS MOVED AROUND THAT MARKETS. ONE OF THESE COMES OUT WITH SOME SORT OF TOOL, AND YOU SEE COMPANIES WITHIN THE SECTOR GET WIPED OUT FOR A DAY, MAY BE FOR A COUPLE. YOU SAID NOT INVESTMENT IS IN AI INVESTMENT. HOW DO YOU INSULATE YOURSELF FROM THAT? IT DOES FEEL OVERARCHING AT THIS POINT. >> IT DOES, YOU HAVE TO BE DELIBERATE IN PORTFOLIO PRODUCTION. TAKE PRIVATE CREDIT. A LOT OF CONCERNS ABOUT PRIVATE PEOPLE ARE NOT TALKING ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY SET BEING ABLE TO STEP IN AND BE PROVIDER I THINK IT WILL COME UP FOCUSING ON THE LOWER MID MARKET, NOTHING TO DO WITH AI, THESE ARE ALL WAYS TO ACTUALLY GET REALLY INTERESTING RETURNS WITHOUT TAKING ANY SORT OF A RISK. ROMAINE: ONLY A LITTLE BIT OF TIME LAUGHS -- LEFT. YOU BUILT THE AGE OF BUSINESS. IS IT WHERE EVERYONE PIVOTS IN TERMS OF INVESTMENT DOLLARS? >> I DON'T BELIEVE SO. ASIA MUST FEATURE AS PART OF A PORTFOLIO. THERE'S A TON OF INNOVATION HAPPENING IN THE U.S., AND I THINK ANYBODY WHO IS BUILDING A TRULY GLOBAL LONG-TERM PORTFOLIO MUST HAVE SUBSTANTIAL PORTION OF ASSETS. AND WE WILL CONTINUE TO DO THAT. ROMAINE: GREAT TO HAVE YOU. ARJUN RAGHAVAN, CEO OVER AT PARTNERS CAPITAL. A LOT MORE COVERAGE COMING UP ON THE BIG PROGRAM OF MILKEN OUT IN BEVERLY HILLS CALIFORNIA. WE WILL TALK ABOUT THE CHANGING INVESTMENT LANDSCAPE. WE WILL CHECK UP WITH SYLVIA KWAN. SHE HAS SOME BIG SHOES TO FILL. SHE HAS MADE SOME HUGE PIVOTS SINCE SHE TOOK OVER. YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS THAT CONVERSATION AS PART OF OUR SPECIAL COVERAGE ON TV AND RADIO FOR THE MILKEN INSTITUTE GLOBAL CONFERENCE IN BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA ON BLOOMBERG. ♪ KATIE: WELCOME BACK. I AM PLEASED TO SAY THAT JOINING US NOW IS THE CEO. OF AN INVESTMENT ADVISORY FIRM. HELPING WOMEN, FAMILIES, AND THE NEXT GENERATION BUILD AND MANAGE WEALTH. LET'S TALK ABOUT THE NEXT YOU HAVE BEEN VERY VOCAL ON THIS. I WONDER WHERE WE ARE ON THAT. WHETHER OR NOT THE COMMUNITY IS READY FOR THAT. >> WE ARE ALREADY SEEING THAT. THE GREAT WEALTH TRANSFER IS ALREADY UNDERWAY. IT IS NOT JUST THE GROWING ECONOMIC POWER OF MEN. WOMEN ARE COMING INTO MORE WEALTH. MORE IMPORTANTLY, IT REALLY DESCRIBES HOW THE GROWING ECONOMIC POWER WILL CREATE SIGNIFICANT SHIFTS IN GIVING, INVESTMENT, SPENDING. THAT CAN HAVE RIPPLE EFFECTS THROUGH THE ECONOMY. IT IS NOT JUST ECONOMIC POWER. I AM REALLY INTERESTED IN HOW THE WEALTH SHIFTS AROUND THAT. OFFICIALLY IN THE FINANCIAL SAYING RELEVANT IN A WORLD WHERE THERE IS THAT WEALTH TRANSFER. >> THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY WAS REALLY BUILT WITH THOSE MODELS. CAREERS AND LIVES. WE ALL TALK ABOUT THAT. GROWING WEALTH. DRAWING DOWN WEALTH. GIVING MORE WEALTH. WOMEN'S LIVES AND NOT SO LINEAR. THEY ARE CYCLICAL. THEY PITTED THEIR CAREERS MORE OFTEN. WHAT ARE OUR PRIORITIES FOR WOMEN IN HER 20'S. THOSE MODELS ARE NOT WORKING SO THEY ARE LOOKING FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE. ROMAINE: I AM CURIOUS. YOU TOOK OVER HER. YOU ARE HAVING A BACKGROUND IN THAT. WHAT IS YOUR GOAL HERE? I THOUGHT EVERYBODY WAS MOVING IN TO A DIGITAL STYLE. >> BECAUSE OF THE GREAT WEALTH TRANSFER AND WHAT WE SAW IN OUR RESEARCH, WOMEN DO NOT FEEL AS PREPARED. THEY ARE NOT FEELING PREPARED. WE ARE REALLY WELL-POSITIONED. TO HELP THOSE WOMEN WHO ARE NOW BUILDING THEIR WEALTH. WE ARE FOCUSED ON WEALTH IN FINANCIAL PLANNING. TO HELP THOSE WOMEN COMING INTO THIS NEW ECONOMIC POWER. I DON'T WANT TO BELABOR THE POINT. BUT WE TALKED ABOUT IT. IT IS ABOUT HUMAN INTERACTION. YOU HAD A FAMOUS DISSERTATION IS EVERYBODY RUSHING MORE CORE TECHNOLOGY? >> IT IS 100% APPLICABLE. THAT IS OFTEN IN THE FINANCIAL HOW DO WE OPTIMIZE PORTFOLIOS? THAT IS OUR BENCHMARK FOR SUCCESS. WE DID THAT. WE TOOK AN EXPANDED APPROACH TO WEALTH MANAGEMENT. IT SAYS WHAT IS THE RIGHT FINANCIAL ANSWER. THAT MIGHT NOT BE THE RIGHT ANSWER. WE TALK ABOUT OPTIMIZING RETURNS. KATIE: WHEN IT COMES TO THAT AND THAT QUESTION ABOUT HOW YOU MAXIMIZE YOUR WEALTH, I HAVE TO IMAGINE A BIG PART OF THE POTENTIAL ANSWERS TAXES. THE AFTER-TAX RETURN. WE HAVE SEEN THAT ACROSS THE INVESTMENT COMMUNITY. HOW ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT THAT? THAT IS ONE OF THOSE KNOWN THINGS. I DON'T THINK PEOPLE PAY ENOUGH ATTENTION TO IT. THERE ARE A NUMBER OF DIFFERENT THAT IS WHAT WE WILL BE KEEPING. KATIE: ABSOLUTELY. IT SEEMS TO BE ERUPTING. I WANT TO GO BACK TO HOW WOMEN ARE APPROACHING WEALTH. IT IS NOT JUST ABOUT MAXIMIZING RETURN. WHEN IT COMES TO WOMEN AND HOW THEY INVEST, THEIR PERCEPTIONS THAT WOMEN TEND TO BE LESS RISK-AVERSE. A LITTLE MORE CONSERVATIVE. WHAT DOES WORKING WITH YOUR CLIENTS SHOW YOU ABOUT IT? >> THERE IS A MISPERCEPTION THAT WOMEN ARE RISK ADVERSE. THEY ARE RISK AWARE. WOMEN TAKE MORE TIME TO REALLY UNDERSTAND THE RISKS THEY ARE TAKING. ONCE THEY ARE INVESTING, THEY ARE REALLY GREAT LONG-TERM IT IS TAKING MORE TIME. IT'S NOT LIKE THE SHYING AWAY FROM RISK. THEY ARE TAKING TIME TO UNDERSTAND RISK. ROMAINE: IS THAT A REBRANDING? OF FINANCIAL ADVICE? OR IS IT SOMETHING DIFFERENT? >> IT IS NOT REALLY A PRODUCT. WE ARE TALKING ABOUT A FUNCTIONAL APPROACH. IT IS NOT JUST ABOUT RETURNS ANYMORE. IF YOU ARE NOT LIVING YOUR BEST LIFE, WHAT IS THE POINT? WE TRIED TO DIG DEEP. HOW DO WE OPTIMIZE OUR FINANCES? I KNOW WHEN WE TALK ABOUT RETURNS, WE TALK ABOUT THE FINANCIAL YIELD. TAKING A MORE HOLISTIC APPROACH. WE WERE JUST TALKING ABOUT THIS A LITTLE BIT EARLIER. DOES THIS APPLY BEYOND WOMEN? I THINK A LOT OF MEN COULD BENEFIT FROM IT. ESPECIALLY AS YOU AGE UP AND YOU HAVE TO THINK ABOUT NOT JUST YOUR OWN FINANCIAL VIEW BUT WHAT YOU ARE PASSING ON TO YOUR CHILDREN. >> I THINK IT APPLIES TO EVERYBODY. WOMEN ARE REALLY RESONATING WITH THAT. CARING FOR KIDS AND FAMILY AND WEALTH TO THEM IS MEETING MORE THAN JUST GROWING THE FIVE. THAT IS WHY IT'S REALLY RESONATING. WE USE WEALTH AS A TOOL TO CREATE THE LIFE WE WANT. YOU THINK OVERALL IN TERMS OF THE BUSINESS IT WILL BRING IN? MORE PEOPLE IT IS >> ROMAINE: SHE IS THE CEO. ABOUT FIVE MINUTES TO THE CLOSING BELL. SEEMS LIKE THIS IS RINSE AND REPEAT EVERY DAY. WE CONTINUE TO MOVE TOWARD RECORD HIGHS. KATIE: ABSOLUTELY. MORE THAN 300 NAMES IN THE GREEN. CLEARLY A BROAD-BASED RALLY. IT HELPS A LITTLE BIT THAT YOU HAVE THE BOND MARKET RALLY. YIELDS DROPPING. A LITTLE BIT OF RELIEF WHEN IT COMES THROUGH. BRENT IS DOWN ON THE DAY. WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT THE OSCILLATIONS WE HAVE SEEN IN NOW BACK DOWN AROUND $100 A BARREL. WE HAVE A LOT MORE CONVERSATIONS COMING UP HERE. OUR SPECIAL COVERAGE CONTINUES. AHEAD, WE WILL TALK TO SOMEONE AT GUGGENHEIM INVESTMENTS. I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS. WE ARE GOING TO TALK MUSIC. HE RUNS WARNER BROS. RECORDS NOW. HE HAS A LOT OF FUTURE. KATIE: HOW IT INTERACTS WITH THE WORLD OF SOCIAL MEDIA AND TIKTOK. PART OF THAT CONVERSATION. I HAVE TO GET ON TIKTOK. IS IT STILL AROUND? STICK WITH US. >> WHILE WE ARE COMING UP -- WHILE WE ARE COMING UP TO THE CLOSING BELL, YOU ARE SEEING US HERE ON WALL STREET. MARKED BY MANY RECORD HIGHS. SO A LOT OF GREENS ON THE SCREEN AS WE WALK YOU THROUGH. THE S&P 500 INDEX HIGHER BY 1%. THE TECH HEAVY NASDAQ 100 HIGHER BY MORE THAN 2%. HIGHER BY ONE POINT THROUGH PURSED -- 1.2%. WE DID SEE MANY INDUSTRIAL -- INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY BUOYING THE S&P 500. BUT I ALSO DO WANT TO TAKE A LOOK AT THE SMALL CAPS. WE HAD TO KEEP THE RUSSELL 2000 HIGHER BY ONE. -- 1.5%. SO A LOT OF ACTIVITY CONTINUING THEIR EYES IN THE MIDDLE EAST, AND ANY DEVELOPMENTS WE ARE SEEING. WE ARE PARSING THROUGH EARNINGS ON THE U.S. SIGNED. SO THERE IS A LOT OF ACTIVITY IN THE MARKET THAT ARE STILL CONTINUING TO BE OPTIMISTIC AT HOW THE S&P 500 IN THE MARKET HAS BEEN DOING SO FAR THIS YEAR. WE ARE SEEING THE S&P 500 UP ABOUT 7.6% SO FAR THIS YEAR. INVESTORS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT MAKES SENSE IN THIS MARKET EXIT WHERE THEY WOULD LIKE TO BE. ALSO KEEPING AN EYE ON WARNER BROS. DISCOVERY. WE ARE GETTING SOME THINGS COMING THROUGH FROM WARNER BROS. DISCOVERY. THINKING ABOUT EARNINGS WE ARE CONTINUING TO PARSE THROUGH. WE DID SEE COMING THROUGH HERE, ESTIMATES OF 8.9 ONE BILLION DOLLARS IN REVENUE FOR THE FIRST QUARTER. IT $.89 BILLION COMING THROUGH. LOOKING AT ADJUSTED EBIT, FIRST QUARTER STREAMING, THAT IS WHAT PEOPLE FELT LIKE KEEPING AN EYE ON. UP ABOUT 29% YEAR-OVER-YEAR AS WE SEE THE ACTIVITY IN AFTER HOURS TRADE. LOOKING ABOUT UNCHANGED AS PEOPLE ARE FIGURING OUT HOW THEY ARE DIGESTING THIS. ALSO ABOUT 2.5% OF A DECLINE AS WE LOOK AT WARNER BROS. LET'S GET BACK TO MILKEN WITH KATIE GREIFELD AND ROMAINE BOSTICK. I'M NORAH MULINDA. ROMAINE: WE WANT TO CONTINUE OUR COVERAGE FROM THE MILKEN INSTITUTE AND FOR OUR VIEWERS. IF YOU ARE WONDERING WHERE WE ARE STAMMERING AND STUTTERING. THE POWER OF TECHNOLOGY. IT IS NOT ALWAYS SO POWERFUL. WE'VE HAD SOME ISSUES GOING ON AROUND. LET'S KEEP GOING. WE WILL MOVE ON TO OUR NEXT GUEST AND TALK ABOUT THE ASSET MANAGEMENT INDUSTRY. THE BACKDROP GOING UP RIGHT NOW, THE CONSOLIDATION KUMBLE OF BLACKROCK BY HBS, FRANKLIN TEMPLETON BUYING PUT THEM, PRIVATE CREDIT FIRMS BEING ACQUIRED RIGHT AND LEFT. OUR NEXT GUEST TALKS ABOUT HER FIRM IS NOT SELLING, MERGING, OR READ BRANDING. THANK YOU FOR BEING WITH US. BEARING THROUGH SOME OF OUR TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES. YOU SEE HOW THE SAUSAGE IS MADE IN REAL TIME. LET'S TALK ABOUT HOW THINGS ARE GOING BEHIND THE SCENES. A TON OF GROWTH. YOU ARE NOT GOING OUT THERE TRYING TO GROW IN ORGANICALLY, ARE YOU? >> IT IS ALWAYS GOOD TO SEE YOU BOTH. IT HAS BEEN A LONG WEEK BUT A PRODUCTIVE AND EXCITING WEEK. WHEN WE STARTED THE WEEK, I FEEL WE HAVE COME FULL CIRCLE. THE FIXED INCOME MARKETS, THE EQUITY MARKETS ARE ABSORBING AND RESILIENT, KEEPING EVERYBODY EXCITED ABOUT WHAT IS TO COME. AT GUGGENHEIM, WE HAVE BEEN AROUND CLOSE TO 22 YEARS, I HAVE BEEN AT THE FIRM FOR ABOUT THAT TIME. GUGGENHEIM INVESTMENTS, WE FOCUS ON DELIVERING THE STRATEGIES OF WHERE OUR CORE COMPETENCIES ARE. THAT IS FIXED INCOME, PRIVATE WE HAVE RECENTLY LAUNCHED STRATEGIES UNDER THE CRIME CREDIT UMBRELLA, AND WE WILL START OFFERING SOME MORE VEHICLES TO GET ACCESS TO SOME OF THE MORE IMPORTANT STRATEGIES UNDER PRIVATE CREDIT LIKE STRUCTURED CREDIT. ROMAINE: THE ASSET BACKED FINANCING SIDE, HOW DOES THAT CHANGE THE INDUSTRY A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO, IF WE WERE HAVING IT? WHAT ARE CLIENTS ASKING FOR? >> I DON'T KNOW IF IT IS ABOUT WHAT HAS CHANGED, I THINK IT IS TO PUT IT SIMPLY, THERE ARE THREE TYPES. WE LOOK AT IT LIKE PRIVATE CREDIT, STRUCTURE CREDIT, ALTHOUGH THEY BEHAVE DIFFERENTLY. THEY HAVE -- THEY ADD A MORE RESILIENT FORM OF INCOME STREAM. THE ASSET-BACKED FINANCING RELIES ON CASH VERSUS THE COLLATERAL OF A COMPANY. WITH INVESTORS, ESPECIALLY INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS, INSURANCE COMPANIES ARE LOOKING AT ASSET-BACKED FINANCING, FOCUSED ON THE CASH FLOWS, BASED ON THE HARD ASSETS. KATIE: WE HAVE HEARD A LOT OF ASSET-BACKED FINANCING. THAT IS WHERE A LOT OF FOLKS ARE SEEING OPPORTUNITY. DEMAND AND WHY IT SEEMS TO BE PICKING UP. IS IT BECAUSE IT SPEAKS TO A BROADER, MORE DEFENSIVE STANCE THAT FOLKS ARE TAKING? CAN YOU EXTRAPOLATE THAT FAR? >> IT COULD BE. YOU COULD BE LOOKING AT -- FOR EXAMPLE, WE JUST LAUNCHED GLAM BANKING. THERE IS A HUGE DEMAND FOR HOMEBUILDERS, HOMEBUILDERS ARE BASICALLY LOOKING TO LEVERAGE THEIR BALANCE SHEETS, AND BE ABLE TO LEVERAGE THE EXISTING DEMAND OUT THERE, THERE IS A HUGE AMOUNT OF DEMAND FOR HOMES. TO BUILD OUT AND DEVELOP THE LAND, YOU HAVE TO HAVE A ROBUST BALANCE SHEET. WHY NOT BANK THE LANDS WITH AN INSTITUTION AND DRAW DOWN ON THAT WHEN YOU CAN. YOU CAN RESERVE YOUR CAPITAL TO BUILD OUT THE PROPERTIES. THESE ARE TYPES OF STRATEGIES THAT THE PRIVATE SECTOR IS REALLY LOOKING TO GET INVESTED YOU CAN RELY ON THE CASH FLOW THAT THEY GIVE OFF. KATIE: I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE PRODUCT LANDSCAPE, SO WHATEVER YOU -- REENTERED AND WE KNOW IT IS FIERCELY COMPETITIVE, I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR HOW THAT EXPERIENCE IS GOING SO FAR. WHAT YOU HAVE LEARNED AT THIS POINT. >> AT GUGGENHEIM, WE ARE FOCUSED ON NOT SAYING WE SHOULD BUY A PRODUCT, THESE ARE THE STRATEGIES THAT WE OFFER. THESE ARE THE TRACK RECORDS AND WE CREEP BESPOKE SOLUTIONS, CERTAIN WRAPPERS TO HELP YOU GET ACCESS TO THOSE. WE BELIEVE THAT PROVIDING THE ACTIVE MANAGEMENT AND ETF RIGHT NOW IS IMPORTANT, WE PROVIDE YOU THE FLEXIBILITY AND LIQUIDITY AS WELL AS THE TRANSPARENCY, NOT ONLY RETAIL CLIENTS, BUT INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS LIKE INSURANCE SOME OF THE STRATEGIES WE ARE OFFERING ARE GOOD FOR THEIR CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS. THEY PARTICULARLY COVERED CALL STRATEGIES AND EQUITY RANKING I TALKED TO BLOOMBERG, WE TALK ABOUT HOW IMPORTANT STRUCTURED CREDIT IS, AS AN ASSET CLASS. WE WILL BE OFFERING A SECURITIZED CREDIT AND CLL'S IN THE FORM OF AN ETF. WHICH DEMOCRATIZE IS THE STRATEGIES THAT IN THE PAST ARE OFTEN PERCEIVED AS HARD TO ACCESS. IF YOU'RE PACKAGING THEM IN WRAPPERS THAT PROVIDE YOU THAT LIQUIDITY AND VALUATION, THERE WILL BE A HIGHER SENSE OF COMFORT AND ACCESSIBILITY. >> WE SHOULD POINT OUT, YOU GUYS HAVE KIND OF BEEN -- WE TALK ABOUT THIS, RUBBING OTHER SHOULDERS WITH PRIVATE MARKETS, YOU HAVE ENJOYED THAT BEFORE ANYONE, PRIVATE CREDIT BEFORE ANYONE. >> THAT HAS DIFFERENTIATED IT. WE HAVE THE FIRMS WHO HAVE FOCUSED ON PRIVATE CREDIT. YOU HAVE THOSE FOCUSED ON LIQUID CREDIT TRYING TO GET OUT AND BUY AND MERGE AND BRING THOSE OFFERINGS IN HOUSE. WE HAVE BEEN SPECIALIZING IN BOTH SINCE WE OPENED OUR DOORS. THE OPERATING MODEL AROUND THAT IS SUPER IMPORTANT. IT IS NOT JUST GENERATING THE PERFORMANCE, IT IS PROVIDING THE EFFICIENCY OF THE OPERATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE. THAT IS WHY YOU HAVE PROBABLY SEEN SOME OF THE REACTIONS WITH CERTAIN VEHICLES. WE ARE LEANING INTO THE BDC, LAUNCHING A NONTRADED BDC BECAUSE WE BELIEVE PRIVATE CREDIT AS A CLASS IS IMPORTANT. THERE IS TREMENDOUS DEMAND FOR IT. IF YOU MANAGE THE PRODUCT CORRECTLY AND YOU HAVE A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF EXPERIENCE OPERATING IT, YOU SHOULD BE -- AND DRAW A DISTINCTION BETWEEN YOUR UNDERWRITING STANDARDS AND THE NEW ENTRANTS INTO THIS SPACE, YOU HAVE SEEN ALL OF THAT OVER THIS. YOU BROUGHT UP THE INSURANCE COMPANIES, DOING 140 BILLION DOLLARS FOR INSURANCE. A DIFFERENT TYPE OF CAPITAL AND A DIFFERENT TYPE OF RISK PROFILE HERE. YOUR UNDERWRITING STANDARDS, HAVE THEY SHIFTED? >> OUR INVESTMENT PROCESS IS TEAM-BASED, WE'VE ALWAYS HAD A VERY STRICT DUE DILIGENCE PROCESS. I WILL GIVE YOU A STATISTIC I'M PROUD OF. WE KEEP TRACK OF ALL OF THE OPPORTUNITIES PRESENTED TO THEM. WE SOURCE OURSELVES IN A TECHNOLOGICALLY SOPHISTICATED SYSTEM. DEPENDING ON THE SURGE OF ORIGINATED TRANSACTIONS THAT COME OUR WAY, WE LOOK BETWEEN 800 TO 1500 OPPORTUNITIES A YEAR AND ALLOCATE CAPITAL TO 10% OF THOSE DEALS. RIGHT NOW, OUR FOCUS IS ADDING DURATION CORRECTLY, BEING VERY SELECTIVE ON THE LONG END, UNDERWRITING DISCIPLINE IS IMMENSELY IMPORTANT. MAKING SURE YOU ARE STRUCTURING INCOME CORRECTLY AS WELL. WITH OUR DUE DILIGENCE PROCESS, OUR UNDERWRITING SAVVY, THE FACT WE HAVE BEEN THROUGH SEVERAL CREDIT CYCLES, QUALITY OVER QUANTITY, IT IS IMPORTANT TO US. WE SHARE ALL OF THAT TRANSPARENCY WITH OUR CLIENTS. WITH THE SOFTWARE ISSUE MOST OF OUR COMPETITORS ARE FACING, WE ARE EXPOSED TO SOFTWARE, BUT WE HAVE BEEN MANAGING THAT RISK. WE ARE ON TOP OF WHERE YOU ARE TO BE INVESTIGATING CAPITAL AND BEING WARY OF SOME OF THE YELLOW FLAGS THAT RESURFACE. >> I WANT TO GO BACK TO THE FINES YOU ARE LEANING INTO BDC'S. THAT HAS BEEN THE VEHICLE THAT HAS BEEN VILLAIN ICED. THE NONTRADED BDC THAT YOU ARE LAUNCHING, WHO IS THE INTENDED AUDIENCE YOU ARE THINKING OF? IT SEEMS THERE IS A BIG DISTINCTION -- DISTINCTION BETWEEN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS VERSUS RETAIL INVESTORS. I WONDER WHAT YOU ARE SEEING? >> WE ARE LAUNCHING FROM BOTH. THE SEED CAPITAL IS COMING FROM INSTITUTIONAL. IT IS FOR THE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FOR THOSE INSTITUTIONS. THERE IS STILL A HUGE DEMAND FOR PRIVATE CREDIT. THE WAY WE ARE APPROACHING BDC IS A CO-MINGLED APPROACH WITH STRUCTURED CREDIT, ABF, AND DIFFERENTLY, THEY ARE GIVING YOU THAT STABILIZED, RESILIENT INCOME STREAM YOU WILL NEED AND WANT. >> INTERESTING. I WANT TO TALK MORE ABOUT CLO'S. YOU MENTIONED HE LAUNCHED, AND THAT HAS BEEN A HOT SPOT OVER THE PAST COUPLE OF YEARS AS YOU HAVE THESE ELEVATED GRADES. BUT THE IDEA THEY ARE COMING YOU SEE THAT START TO MANIFEST ITSELF IN THE FORM OF OUTFLOWS. I WONDER IF THAT IS A CONCERN AT GUGGENHEIM OR IF IT IS THAT WE THE MARKETS -- >> AS A MATTER OF FACT, CLO'S HAVE BEEN OUR BREAD AND BUTTER. SO MUCH SO WE HAVE ENHANCED THE TEAM AT BLACKSTONE, THEY JOINED BACK IN THE FOURTH QUARTER OF 2025. WE ARE CONTINUING TO HIRE, WE JUST ANNOUNCED A CLO, A WAREHOUSE WE JUST LAUNCHED INTO THE INSTITUTIONAL MARKETPLACE. WE BELIEVE RIGHT NOW, GIVEN THE UNCERTAINTY WITH THE RATES, THE FED POLICY, THE GEOPOLITICAL TENSIONS, AND IT IS NOT JUST ABOUT RATE FLUCTUATION, BUT ALSO INFLATION. IN RETURN RISK. WHAT IS THE REAL RETURN BASED ON THE YIELDS THAT YOU WANT? WITH THE CLO'S, YOU GET TO ACCESS THAT RATE STRUCTURE. THEN YOU GET THE POLE TRANCHES, YOU MITIGATE SOME OF THE RISK. CLO'S, YOU CAN BUY A CLO VIA AN EQUITY PARTNER OR BASED ON THE CLO. EDUCATING OUR CLIENTS, PROVIDING THE THOUGHT LEADERSHIP AND PACKAGING THOSE INTO A RETAIL LIKE STRUCTURE WILL BE REALLY INTERESTING AND DIFFERENTIATE US. ROMAINE: IS YOUR JOB HARDER IN THIS ENVIRONMENT? >> NO, I LOVE MY JOB. MOSTLY BECAUSE I LOVE THE PEOPLE I GET TO DEAL WITH. OUR CLIENTS HAVE BEEN OUR CLIENTS FOR A REALLY LONG TIME. WONDERFUL LEADERSHIP TEAM, AND TOGETHER WE FACE THESE FLUCTUATIONS. WE KNOW WE GREW UP IN THIS BUSINESS KNOWING, YOU SHOULD EXPECT CYCLES, I'M EXCITED FOR CYCLES BECAUSE IT BRINGS OPPORTUNITY FOR US WHERE WE LOOK FOR OPPORTUNITIES IN THE VOLATILITY. WE ARE EXCITED. THE OTHER BE A PART OF YOUR JOB? YOU GET TO TALK TO US. KATIE: WE HAVE TO START DOING THIS -- >> WE HAVE TO START DOING THIS EARLY, I'M EXHAUSTED. YES, GET YOU ON DAY ONE. ALWAYS APPRECIATE IT. >> SO GOOD TO SEE YOU BOTH. THANK YOU FOR HAVING US. WE REALLY APPRECIATE IT. KATIE: THAT IS THE PRESIDENT OF GUGGENHEIM INVESTMENTS AND MANAGING PARTNER OF GUGGENHEIM. THIS IS THE CLOSE ON BLOOMBERG. LIVE ON TELEVISION AND RADIO. THE MARKET IS OFFICIALLY CLOSED. LET'S TALK A LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT WHAT IS GOING ON IN WE ARE JOINED BY THE GLOBAL HEAD OF RESEARCH. HE FOCUSES HIS RESEARCH ON U.S. HIGH YIELD LEVERAGE LOANS. >> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME OUT HERE? KATIE: LET'S GO TO THE FIRST LINE IN YOUR NOTES THAT YOU SENT OVER. YOU SAY THAT THE MARKET IS CONSTANTLY CONFUSING INVESTMENT GRADE PRIVATE CREDIT. DO SOME MYTH BUSTING. WHAT IS THIS THAT WE ARE SAYING? >> I JUST GOT OFF THE PANEL. HE IS VERY GOOD AT THAT. HE SAID WE WILL FOCUS ON THE DIRECT LENDING STUFF. YOU HAVE TO FOCUS ON SF. THAT IS WHERE PEOPLE ARE WORRIED ABOUT THINGS LIKE SOFT MET -- SOFTWARE LENDING. WHAT WILL HAPPEN WHEN WE GET SOME OF ITS COMPETITION? THESE ARE HIGHLY LEVERAGED WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT THAT , YOU CAN DO IT FOR THE SAME REASON. YOU ARE SEEING A LOT OF THAT. IF YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT THE SOFTWARE STUFF, IT IS HARD TO DO THAT. THEY'RE VERY DIFFERENT THINGS IN THOSE MARKETS. KATIE: ABSOLUTELY. YOU HAVE TO DIFFERENTIATE. DOES WHAT WE ARE SEEING WHEN IT COMES TO NONINVESTMENT GRADE PRIVATE CREDIT, DOES THAT, WHAT IS GOING ON THERE? >> THERE IS A REAL DIFFERENCE. THAT IS THE HIGHEST IT HAS EVER BEEN. A LOT OF TO RISKY FINANCING. SOME OF IT WENT TO THE LEVERAGED LOAN MARKET. THAT IS WHERE YOU SEE THESE DEALS. A LOT OF LOWER QUALITY. THAT STUFF WE ARE TALKING ABOUT. IT IS INTERESTING. YOU TALK ABOUT THESE DISTINCTIONS. PROBABLY BECAUSE OF THE MARKETING OF SOME OF THESE PRODUCTS. FOR BETTER OR WORSE, WHAT BECOMES THE NEXT STEP? HOW DOES THIS SMOOTH OUT? AND WE GET BETTER UNDERSTANDING? >> ANY A MARKET IS GROWING, IT IS ATTRACTIVE. IF YOU ARE AT INVESTMENT FIRM, YOU WANT A PIECE OF IT. ANYONE YOU WERE SPEAKING TO WAS THINKING ABOUT HOW THEY CAN MORE INVOLVED. NOW THE CONVERSATION IS ABOUT THAT'S THE THING YOU WOULD LEAN TOWARD. THAT IS ONLY 5% PER QUARTER. SO IT IS MEANINGFUL. WE TALK ABOUT THE HEALTH OF THESE ASSETS. THIS BECOMES A TALK ABOUT THE ECONOMY. THE K-SHAPED ECONOMY OR WHATEVER. THEY ARE DOING WELL. IT IS PRETTY STRONG. DESPITE EVERYTHING GOING ON. YOUR GENERAL BASE CASES ECONOMIC CONDITIONS WILL CONTINUE TO BE SUPPORTED. NOT JUST INVESTMENT-GRADE >> I THINK FROM A BROADER MACRO PICTURE, YES, WE AGREE WITH IF YOU LOOK AT EVERYTHING THAT HAS HAPPENED, THEY ARE REALLY OUTPERFORMING. WE WENT BACK OVER THE YEAR. YOU LOOK AT ALL OF RISKS NOW. THEY LOOK GREAT. IN TERMS OF PERFORMANCE. THE ONE THING THAT STANDS OUT IS THE RATE WORLD. IT IS NOT GONE BACK TO WHERE IT WAS AT THE BEGINNING OF THIS CRISIS. THESE COMPANIES NEED TO REFINANCE EVENTUALLY. THOSE HIGHER RATES WILL MAKE THAT CHALLENGING. ROMAINE: DO YOU THINK RATES WILL COME DOWN? >> IF YOU SAID WHERE WILL THE 10 YEAR YIELD BE AT THE END OF THE YEAR, I THINK YOU WILL BE A BIT LOWER. WE DO NOT THINK THE FED IS REALLY GOING TO DO ANYTHING FOR THE REST OF THIS YEAR. I DON'T THINK YOU CAN BANK ON A HUGE CHANGE. ROMAINE: YOU THINK THAT IS APPROPRIATE HOW TIGHT THOSE SPREADS ARE RIGHT NOW? >> IT DOES FEEL TIGHT TO US THAT'S NOT SAYING THERE SHOULD BE SOME SIGNIFICANT SELLOFF. IF YOU ARE PRICING IN INFLATION RISK AND WHAT THAT MEANS FOR THE MARKETS, IT IS A LITTLE BIT WEIRD. KATIE: WHERE IS THAT MOST DRAMATIC? THE FACT THAT WE ARE NOT PRICING AND RISK? WHERE IS IT MOST EXACERBATED? >> YOU WOULD THINK THERE WAS SOME CYCLICAL PREMIUM. THAT IS THE STUFF WE LOOK TO. TO SEE HOW THE MARKET IS PRICING. WE STILL SEE THAT. WHAT WOULD BE THE RECIPE TO SEE SPREADS WIDE RIGHT NOW? I HAVE TO IMAGINE THAT THE RATE CHANNEL IS INFLUENCING THINGS. RESILIENCY HAS BEEN THE NAME OF THE GAME IN MARKETS BROADLY. THE SAME THING WHEN IT COMES TO CREDIT. IF WE HAVE NOT SEEN THAT ALREADY, WHAT DO YOU THINK WOULD ACTUALLY BE THE CATALYST? >> AS MUCH AS I SAY WE THINK WE SHOULD BE ALLETE -- A BIT LIKE THAT, IT WAS PRETTY DARN GOOD. THE REST OF EARNINGS WERE NOT I THINK THE MARKET IS SAYING TO YOU, LET'S ACTUALLY SEE SOME DETERIORATION IN EARNINGS. BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT WE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE EVALUATING. I AM CURIOUS, IS THERE SOMETHING OUT THERE WHERE YOU ARE NOT FINDING THAT? SOMETHING THAT GIVES YOU A LITTLE BIT OF WORRY. >> I THINK EVERYONE IS FOCUSED ON OIL AND WHAT THAT MEANS. YOU ARE STARTING TO SEE SOME RATIONING IN TERMS OF ENERGY. WE ARE WORRIED ABOUT THAT. THIS IS SOMETHING WE BECAME FAMILIAR WITH DURING COVID. YOU HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THAT. AS WE RATION THINGS MORE AND MORE. SUPPLY CHAIN DISRUPTION CAN BE PROBLEMATIC. ROMAINE: I THINK WE HAVE TO LEAVE IT THERE. WERE WE BETTER THAN ERIK SCHATZKER? KATIE: THE TWO OF YOU COMBINED. THE MATH WORKS OUT. GLAD TO HAVE YOU ON THE PROGRAM. WHEN YOU WANT TO GET A REAL ASSESSMENT OF WHAT IS GOING ON. WE HAVE A LOT MORE COMING UP NOW THAT ALL OF OUR TECHNICAL BUGS ARE ON THE SHELF. KATIE: WE CAN ONLY PRAY AT THIS POINT THAT THE INTERNET STAYS ON. AND THE SCREENS STAY ON. THAT MAKES ME FEEL BETTER. HE WILL BE JOINING US IN JUST A BIT. WE HAVE NOT REALLY TALKED ABOUT VENTURE CAPITAL. WE WILL TALK TO HIM. HE IS THE COFOUNDER. A LOT MORE COMING UP HERE. FROM BEVERLY HILLS. COVERAGE OF THE CLOSE $. LIVE FROM MILIKEN ON TV. AND ON RADIO. OVER 25 YEARS AS AN INVESTOR AND A BUSINESS BUILDER IN FINANCIAL SERVICES. HE HAS BEEN ENGAGED IN OVER $9 BILLION OF PRINCIPAL TRANSACTIONS, WORKING FOR GOLDMAN SACHS, AND EASTERLY BEFORE FOUNDING HUNDRED-POINT CAPITAL WHICH SERVES ALTERNATIVE ASSET MANAGERS. I’M PLEASED TO SAY THAT HE JOINS US NOW. GREAT TO SEE YOU. >> GREAT TO BE HERE, THANKS. SO WE SPEND A LOT OF TIME AT MILKEN TALKING ABOUT SORT OF WHAT’S GOING ON IN PRIVATE THE STATE OF PLAY, THE MOOD MUSIC. BUT TALK TO US A LITTLE BIT ABOUT WHAT’S GOING ON IN PRIVATE EQUITY WHEN IT COMES TO THE PHASE THAT WE’RE IN RIGHT NOW AND WHAT YOU’RE HEARING FROM YOUR INVESTORS. SO WE’VE SEEN -- WE’RE ENTERING REALLY WHAT I CALL AN AGE OF DISCERNMENT. WHERE THERE’S PLENTY OF L.P. CAPITAL INTERESTED IN PRIVATE EQUITY. BUT IT’S REALLY HEADING TOWARDS THOSE MANAGERS THAT CAN DO SOMETHING SPECIAL. THEY HAVE EITHER SPECIAL ORIGINATION CAPABILITY OR SPECIAL VALUE ADDED THAT THEY BRING TO THE PORTFOLIO AND SO WHEN WE SEE THIS BIFURCATION, IT’S TENDED TO SEE THE STRONG GETTING STRONGER, AND THE WEAKER SUFFERING MORE. I’LL GIVE YOU AN EXAMPLE. WE INVEST IN A MANAGER AND THEY ARE SPECIALISTS IN BUILDING CONSUMER BRANDS AND INVESTING IN CONSUMER COMPANIES. THEY’VE BEEN DOING IT FOR OVER 35 YEARS. SO THEY SEE EVERYTHING, THEY HAVE A BETTER DATA SET THAN JUST ABOUT ANYBODY ELSE. AND THEY’RE REALLY A CATEGORY KILLER IN THIS PARTICULAR INVESTMENT VEHICLE. KATIE: CERTAINLY SORT OF MANAGER SELECTION, IT’S SOMETHING WE KEEP HEAR SOMETHING GOING TO BECOME MORE AND MORE IMPORTANT. I WANT TO GO AROUND THE GLOBE WITH YOU. I KNOW THAT YOU HAVE A PARTICULAR INTERNATIONAL REACH. I KNOW THAT IN PARTICULAR JAPAN IS A BIG PLACE FOR YOU. SO TALK US THROUGH WHAT YOU’RE DOING THERE, WHAT YOU SEE SPECIFICALLY IN JAPAN. SO I THINK GLOBAL REACH IS SOMETHING THAT’S EARNED FROM MANAGERS AND DEVELOPING TRUST, IT TAKES A REALLY LONG TIME. WE RECENTLY ENTERED IN A A PARTNERSHIP WITH A TRUST BANK WHICH IS ONE OF THE LARGEST GATE KEEPERS IN JAPAN. I THINK THEY MANAGE OR OVERSEE ABOUT $1 TRILLION OF ASSETS FROM JAPANESE CUSTOMERS. AND THEY’RE INTERESTED IN HELPING TO BRING MORE ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT PRODUCTS TO THEIR JAPANESE CUSTOMERS, WHICH IS REALLY GREAT TO SEE. AND WE WANT TO TRY TO HELP BRING THE G.P.’S IN OUR PORTFOLIO TO JAPAN. JAPAN IS AN INCREDIBLY DIFFICULT MARKET TO CRACK. FOR CULTURAL REASONS, FOR LANGUAGE REASONS, FOR THE GEOGRAPHIC BARRIER. SO I THINK THIS CAN BE A REALLY IMPORTANT STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP. IT’S GOOD FOR US, OF COURSE, BUT I THINK IT’S GOING TO BE GREAT FOR OUR G.P.’S. ROMAINE: JAPAN HAS KIND OF BECOME -- POPPING UP ON EVERYONE’S RADAR WITH THE POTENTIAL THIS LONG-TERM SHIFT IN INTEREST RATES, THE SHIFTS UP POTENTIALLY IN FISCAL POLICY AS WELL. YOU SPENT SOME TIME THERE EARLIER IN YOUR CAREER HERE. WOULD YOU HAVE BEEN ABLE TO EVEN DO THIS 25 YEARS AGO, WHENEVER YOU WERE THERE? >> SO THE JOKE IS THAT THIS IS SORT OF A 25-YEAR OVERNIGHT SUCCESS. ROMAINE: YEAH, YEAH. >> I DID LIVE THERE IN THE EARLY PART OF THE 2000’S. AND -- BUT AT THAT TIME JAPANESE INVESTORS WERE SO CAUTIOUS ABOUT THE GROWTH IN ALTERNATIVES AND THE DEVELOPMENT ALTERNATIVES THAT THEY REALLY ARE WERE JUST IN A WAIT-AND-SEE MODE. THEY’VE SEEN THE SUCCESS THAT OTHERS HAVE HAD AND THEY NOW HAVE A KIND OF MORE DELIBERATE ATTITUDE TOWARD MAKING THIS HAPPEN FOR THEIR OWN PORTFOLIOS. I AM CURIOUS JUST ABOUT THE BUILDING OUT OF YOUR BUSINESS, THE GROWTH OF IT, AND PARTICULARLY THIS SORT OF ROTATION WE’RE STARTING TO SEE. WE’VE TALKED A LOT ABOUT CONSOLIDATION. ONE THING WE HAVEN’T TALKED A LOT ABOUT IS JUST THE NUMBER OF TALENT, I GUESS, MOVING. A LOT OF PEOPLE GOING FROM THESE MEGABANKS AND MEGAASSET MANAGERS TO NOW WHAT ARE LARGER IS THAT SOMETHING YOU THINK IS A LONGER TERM TREND OR IS IT JUST KIND OF ONE-OFFS WHERE PEOPLE ARE JUST GETTING BETTER PAID PACKAGES? >> I THINK YOU ARE ON TO THE SECRET OF WHAT’S REALLY GOING ON WITH D.P.I. WHICH IS A REALIGNMENT OF THE ENTIRE TALENT LANDSCAPE. IF YOU THINK ABOUT THE PREDOMINANT SOURCE OF INCOME FOR A LOT OF PRIVATE EQUITY PEOPLE, IT’S THEIR CARRIED INTEREST. IT’S THE PARTICIPATION IN THE GROWTH OF -- THE INVESTMENTS THEY MAKE. AND WHEN THAT DRIES UP OR GETS ELONGATED, WE START TO SEE MORES REMAIN PLAYS FROM -- RESUMES FROM THE BIG MANAGERS AND ACTUALLY FROM ACROSS THE STREET, NOT NECESSARILY WHO WANT TO WORK AT HARD POINT, BUT WHO ARE INTERESTED IN OUR ECOSYSTEM AND ARE WILLING TO MAKE A CHANGE. SO I THINK THAT’S KIND OF THE SECRET STORY OF THIS D.P.I. ELONGATION. KATIE: DEFINITELY IT’S SORT OF A SUBPLOT IN EVERY CONVERSATION AROUND TALENT RIGHT NOW HAS TO BE A.I. BECAUSE THERE IS THIS NARRATIVE OUT THERE THAT A.I.’S SORT OF REPLACING THE ENTRY LEVEL JOBS ACROSS INDUSTRIES AND THAT APPLIES, YOU KNOW, TO THE INVESTMENT INDUSTRY AS WELL. AND I WONDER HOW YOU’RE USING IT OVER AT HUNDRED POINT, WHETHER OR NOT THAT NARRATIVE HOLDS TRUE FOR YOU IN ANY SENSE. >> FOR BOUTIQUE FIRMS, FOR RELATIVELY SMALL FIRMS, I DON’T THINK IT’S GOING TO HAVE A HUGE IMPACT ON HIRING. WE, FOR EXAMPLE, ARE STILL HIRING AT THE SAME PACE WE WERE BEFORE. BUT I THINK BOTH AT THE JUNIOR LEVEL AND AT THE SENIOR LEVEL, I THINK A.I.’S GOING TO TRANSFORM KIND OF OUR EFFICIENTSY. IT’S GOING TO MAKE US BETTER INVESTMENTS, -- INVESTORS, I THINK IT WILL MAKE US SMARTER, IT WILL MAKE US FASTER AND I THINK IT WILL MAKE US BID, FOR EXAMPLE, A LITTLE BIT EARLIER. SO WHEN I RIPPLE THOSE KIND OF CHANGES THROUGH OUR INDUSTRY, I THINK IT’S GOING TO MAKE US BETTER, FAST, STRONGER, I DON’T KNOW IF IT’S GOING TO MEAN THE INTAKE OF NEW EMPLOYEES IS GOING TO CHANGE BECAUSE WE STILL DO WORK IN AN APPRENTICE MODEL AND IF WE DON’T HIRE JUNIOR PEOPLE, THEY CAN’T LEARN HOW TO BE SENIOR PEOPLE. >> GREAT TO BE HERE. ROMAINE: AVI AT HUNTER POINT CAPITAL. OF COURSE THE CONVERSATION WE DO WANT TO CHECK IN REAL QUICK BACK WITH PUBLIC MARKETS, WHICH U.S. EQUITIES ARE CLOSING OUT JUST ABOUT 35 MINUTES AGO AT A FRESH RECORD HIGH. WE TALK ABOUT THIS SITUATION WITH REGARDS TO HOW PEOPLE SORT OF VIEW THE BROADER LANDS ESCAPE OUT THERE. WE DID GET A FEW EARNINGS OUT. LOOK, THEE AREN’T GOING TO MOVE THE MARKETS. YOU LOOK AT WHAT WE’RE SEEING WITH WARNER BROS. DISCOVERY, ZILLOW, ALL LOWER ON THE BACK OF THE EARNINGS WE GOT OUT OF THEM HERE. BUT AGAIN, THIS IS STILL THAT BIGGER STORY, A BIGGER STORY THAT STILL IS FOCUSED ON BIG TECH, A BIGGER STORY THAT IS STILL FOCUSED, CAN I SAY IT AGAIN -- ON A.I. WE’VE BEEN TALK A LOT ABOUT IT. IT’S ONE OF THE ENDURING THEMES HERE AT MILKEN. LAYERED IN ON THIS CONVERSATION AROUND PRIVATE CREDIT. BUT TO FOCUS MORE ON THESE AFTER-HOURS MOVERS, WARNER BROS. DISCOVERY NOT REALLY MOVING TOO MUCH. SNAP YOU CAN SEE DOWN MEANINGFULLY AND ZILLOW EVEN MORE MEANINGFULLY. DOWN THE DOWN ABOUT 8%. BUT IT DID HAVE A BIG POP INTO THESE NUMBERS. ROMAINE: BACK TO OUR CONVERSATIONS. WE TALK ABOUT A BIG THEME AT THIS YEAR’S CONFERENCE IS A.I. AND MORE IMPORTANTLY THE OPTIMISM AROUND IT. IT’S A FLIP FROM LAST YEAR, WHICH IS A LOT MORE DOWN BEAT. YOU HAD A LOT OF TALK ABOUT OVERINVESTING IN THE A.I. BUBBLE. RAJ IS CO-C.E.O. OVER AT B CAPITAL. THIS IS A MULTISTAGE VENTURE FIRM THAT HE LAUNCHED WITH FACEBOOK CO-FOUNDER ABOUT A DECADE AGO. WHILE THE ACTUAL ENTERPRISE ADOPTION DATA STILL TELLS A MESSIER STORY SHORT-TERM, HIS LONG-TERM THESIS IS WE’RE IN AN EARLY STAGE A.I. SUPERCYCLE. LET’S TALK ABOUT THIS SUPERCYCLE. WE KNOW SUPERCYCLE IS NEVER JUST A LINEAL LINE STRAIGHT UP. THERE’S ALWAYS GOING TO BE BUMPS AND BRUISES HERE. COMPARE AND CONTRAST THE MOOD WITH REGARDS TO WHAT PEOPLE ARE TELLING YOU HERE THIS YEAR ABOUT THEIR INTERESTS IN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND THE BROADER TECHNOLOGY SPACE, RELATIVE TO THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS. >> I THINK ONE OF THE BIG CHANGES FROM LAST YEAR IS YOU’RE REALLY SEEING A.I. IN THE ENTERPRISE. I THINK A LOT OF THE TALK THIS YEAR HAS BEEN ABOUT HOW DO YOU MAKE A.I. WORK IN THE INTERPRIERKS HOW DO YOU GET THE PLUMBING THAT’S REQUIRED TO REALLY MAKE A.I. WORK IN ENTERPRISE, AND THE OTHER CONVERSATION’S JUST BEEN ABOUT THE AMOUNT OF CAPITAL THAT IS REQUIRED TO FUND, COMPUTE, AND FUND THESE NEW A.I. NATIVE STARTUPS. ROMAINE: CAPITAL, THOUGH, THERE WAS ONE PANEL, THERE WAS A LOT OF TALK ABOUT -- AND LARRY FINISHING TOUCHED ON THIS, THE IDEA THAT THERE MIGHT EVEN BE STILL SOME OVERSPENDING, THE IDEA THAT THE ACTUAL BUILDOUT ITSELF ISN’T KEEPING PACE WITH THE AMOUNT OF MONEY THAT’S COMING IN TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF IT. >> MINE, LISTEN, I THINK WE’RE HAVING A LOT OF DEBATES ABOUT THE AMOUNT OF MONEY GOING INTO IS, IT A BUBBLE, I SHOULD THINK A.I.’S UNDERFUNDED. SO MY VIEW IS THAT VENTURE CAPITAL FIRMS LIKE OURS REALLY NEED TO THINK ABOUT HOW DO WE FUND THIS NEXT GENERATION OF NATIVE COMPANIES THAT REQUIRE MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF COMPUTE, THE ENERGY NEEDS, AND FRANKLY, HEALTH CARE WE BELIEVE IS PROBABLY GOING TO BE THE MOST IMPACTED BY A.I. AND SO A LOT OF WHAT WE’RE THINKING ABOUT IS THAT IT’S NOT JUST GOING TO BE VENTURE, IT’S GOING TO BE GROWTH, EQUITY, PRIVATE EQUITY, PRIVATE CREDIT, STRATEGIC INVESTORS, BIG COMPANIES THAT ARE ALL GOING TO BE REQUIRED TO REALLY FUND THIS NEXT WAVE OF A.I. IN THE ENTERPRISE. KATIE: TALK TO US A LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT HEALTH CARE. BECAUSE THAT’S SOMETHING WE HEAR A LOT. YOU THINK ABOUT THE POTENTIAL FOR A.I. IN HEALTH CARE, YOU KNOW, I TALK TO A LOT OF PHARMA EXECUTIVE, IT’S MOSTLY ON THE LAYER OF DRUG DISCOVERY. THERE’S A LOT OF EXCITEMENT THERE. BUT FROM YOUR PERSPECTIVE, WHERE DO YOU SEE THE OPPORTUNITIES WITHIN HEALTH CARE? >> I THINK WE’RE REALLY, YOU KNOW, THE START IN DRUG DISCOVERY HAS BEEN AMAZING. WE INVESTED INTO A COMPANY THAT RECENTLY WENT PUBLIC IN THE SPACE, THEY DEVELOPED ONE OF THE FIRST DRUGS DEVELOPED BY SO DRUG DISCOVERY MAKES A LOT OF SENSE. BUT I ALSO THINK YOU’RE GOING TO SEE IT IN THERAPEUTICS AND FRANKLY THE WAY THAT HEALTH CARE IS DELIVERED AT HOME AND THE CONSUMERRIZATION OF HEALTH CARE, BECAUSE PATIENTS WANT DIRECT ACCESS TO THE BEST HEALTH CARE AND THEY’RE NOT NECESSARILY GOING TO ALWAYS GO THROUGH THEIR INSURANCE AND FRANKLY I USE QUAD AND -- TO ANALYZE ALL MY LAB RESULTS EVERY TIME I GET IT, AND IT TELLS ME A LOT OF INTERESTING THINGS WHICH SOMETIMES MY DOCTOR DOESN’T TELL ME. KATIE: SURE. TO THAT POINT, ONE OF THE -- YOU SHOULD TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR ABOUT THAT. >> IT ONCE SAID TO ME, HEY, THE ADVICE YOUR DOCTOR GAVE IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT, BUT IT DOESN’T APPLY FOR YOU BECAUSE BASED ON YOUR LABS, YOU NEED POTENTIALLY A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT MEDICATION. I CALLED MY DOCTOR AND MY DOCTOR SAID, THAT’S A GREAT CATCH. KATIE: TO THAT POINT, I DID WANT TO ASK, YOU SUBCONVERSATION THERE IS SORT OF DATA PRIVACY. WHEN IT COMES TO HEALTH CARE AGAIN. A LOT OF EXCITEMENT ABOUT A.I. ABOUT THE POTENTIAL THERE. BUT THERE IS SOME DISCOMFORT ABOUT PUTTING ALL YOUR DATA INTO A CLOUD WHICH YOU CLEARLY ARE COMFORTABLE WITH BUT I WONDER HOW YOU SORT OF THINK THROUGH THAT RISK AS YOU’RE EVALUATING THAT. >> I THINK DATA PRIVACY AND EACH PATIENT OWNING THEIR OWN DATA IS INCREDIBLY IMPORTANT SO WE SHOULD LET THE PATIENTS MAKE THEIR OWN DECISIONS. I MYSELF FEEL COMFORTABLE PUTTING IT ON. I DO PUT IT ON IN AN ENTERPRISE VERSION OF ANY A.I. SOLUTION TO MAKE SURE I STILL OWN THE DATA AND THAT THEY’RE NOT TAKING THE DATA FROM ME. SO I’M KEENLY WEAR OF THAT. I USE A.P.I.’S, I’M SLIGHTLY MORE TECHY THAN MAYBE SOME OTHER PEOPLE. BUT I ALSO BELIEVE THAT THE NEXT WAVE OF CONCERN THAT WE HAVE WITH A.I. IN HEALTH CARE IS AROUND CYBERSECURITY AND I THINK THAT’S PROBABLY IN THE NEXT YEAR WE’RE ALL GOING TO BE TALKING A LOT MORE ABOUT A.I. IN CYBERSECURITY THREATS. DO YOU THINK WE’RE GOING TO SEE MORE INVESTMENT IN THAT? THAT GOES WAY BEYOND HEALTH CARE. THAT’S EVERYWHERE. FINANCES. AS YOU SEE EVERYONE AROUND HERE IN THE ASSET MANAGEMENT INDUSTRY INTEGRATING A.I. INTO THEIR OPERATIONS. BUT THAT’S VALUABLE DATA AND WE’VE SEEN WITH THE ROLLOUT OF ANTHROPIC HOW THERE IS A THREAT. IT’S THERE. AND IT’S REAL. >> AND I THINK IT’S INCREDIBLY -- OVER THE NEXT KIND OF SIX TO 12 MONTHS THE AMOUNT OF INVESTMENT THAT YOU’RE GOING TO SEE IN A.I. AND CYBERSECURITY I THINK WILL BE REALLY STAGGERING BECAUSE WE’RE GOING TO BE IN AN ARM’S RACE WITH THE OTHER SIDE HAVING ACCESS TO A.I. TOOLS THAT ARE GOING TO GIVE THEM THE ABILITY TO GET PAST A LOT OF ENCRYPTIONS AND A LOT OF SECURITY THAT WE HAVE AND SO WHILE ENERGY REMAINS ONE OF THE BIG OBSTACLES TO A.I. GROWTH, I ACTUALLY THINK CYBERSECURITY IS MORE OF A NEAR TERM THREAT. KATIE: YEAH. CERTAINLY SEEMS THAT THAT’S THE CASE. A LOT OF PEOPLE WOULD AGREE WITH YOU THERE. GREAT TO GET TIME WITH YOU. RAG, CO-FOUNDER AND CO-C.E.O. OF B CAPITAL. REALLY INTERESTING KOMPLEGHTS I FEEL LIKE THAT’S SOMETHING THAT HAS COME UP A LOT OF DIFFERENT TIMES. YOU PUT IT INTO THE WORD CLOUD OF OUR CONVERSATIONS. MILKEN, A.I., HEALTH CARE, BUT ALSO CYBERSECURITY. ROMAINE: AND THE IDEA, I JOKE WITH HIM, I DO THE SAME THING AS WELL. BUT A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE. THERE’S A FORM OF TRUST THAT I THINK -- I DON’T KNOW IF I WOULD HAVE DONE THAT A YEAR AGO OR EVEN NINE MONTHS AGO BUT AS YOU GET MORE COMFORTABLE WITH IT AND LEARN MORE ABOUT THE TECHNOLOGY AND ALSO THE FEEDBACK THAT YOU GET, THAT, YOU KNOW, IN MOST CASES IT’S USUALLY RATIONAL. KATIE: ANYWAY. ROMAINE: I’M STILL HERE. KATIE: THAT’S TRUE. COMING UP, CO-CHAIRMAN AND C.E.O. OF WARNER BROS. RECORDS AND THE MAN WHO DISCOVERED BRUNO MARS, HE’S GOING TO SHARE HIS PERSPECTIVE ON THE STATE OF THE MUSIC INDUSTRY AND A.I. CAME UP THERE AS WELL. ROMAINE: DID YOU DISCOVER HIM TOO? KATIE: THE MILLIKAN CONFERENCE IN BEVERLY HILLS. WE ARE LIVE ON TV AND RADIO. WE'VE BEEN TALKING A LOT ABOUT ASSET MANAGERS AND PRIVATE WE WILL HAVE SOME FUN AS WELL. YOU LISTEN TO MUSIC, RIGHT? WE CAUGHT UP WITH THE LEGEND IN THE INDUSTRY. HE HAS COWRITTEN SOME HITS, DISCOVERED BRUNO MARS. HE HAS TAKEN SOME VIRTUAL UNKNOWNS AND TURN THEM INTO STARS AND WE HAD A CHANCE TO CATCH UP WITH HIM ABOUT HOW THE RECORD BUSINESS IS CHANGING AND WHAT IS THE FUTURE OF THESE PLATFORMS AT A TIME WHEN A LOT OF FOLKS ARE TRYING TO DO IT >> WHEN WE GOT THERE IN 2018 WARNER RECORDS WAS IN NEED OF REINVENTION. AN ICONIC LABEL FROM THE 60'S AND EARLY 2000'S, THE HOME OF PRINCE AND JIMI HENDRIX AND MADONNA AND FLEETWOOD MAC AND SO MANY OTHERS. BUT IT HAD STOPPED BEING A PLACE THAT INVESTED IN ARTISTS WHO WANTED TO STAND FOR SOMETHING AND BE FEARLESS AND HAD GONE THROUGH A TON OF DIFFERENT LEADERSHIP CHANGES, ALL VERY CAPABLE PEOPLE BUT NEVER REALLY GIVEN THE TIME AND SPACE TO BUILD THE VISION THEY HAD FOR IT. THAT'S ONE OF THE IMPORTANT THINGS WHEN CHOOSING TO TAKE THE JOB, MAKING SURE WE HAD THE RUNWAY TO DO IT PROPERLY. WE WANTED TO BUILD A COMPANY THAT WOULD BE HERE FOR THE LONG TERM, NOT SOMETHING THAT WOULD SEEM HEALTHY A FEW YEARS AND THEN BACK IN THE CONDITION WHERE WE INHERITED IT. ONE OF THE FIRST THINGS WE DID WAS GET RID OF ABOUT 70% OF THE ROSTER, WHICH WAS NEVER A FUN OR EASY THING TO DO BUT A NECESSARY EVIL, WE HAD TO REPLENISH OUR TEAM AND WE FOLLOWED IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE LEGENDARY CHAIRMAN OF WARNER BROS. RECORDS ALL AUSTIN. I ASKED HIM WHAT WAS THE SECRET SAUCE, YOU RAN A SUCCESSFUL COMPANY FOR SO MANY DECADES, HOW DO YOU DO IT? HE SAID THERE'S NO SECRET, CREATE AN ENVIRONMENT THAT'S INCREDIBLY SUPPORTIVE OF THE ARTISTS AND EXECUTIVES WHO WORK THERE, AND ALLOW THINGS TO DEVELOP AS THEY WILL AND BET ON GREATNESS. ROMAINE: A LOT HAS CHANGED IN THE RECORD BUSINESS THE LAST 20 YEARS. YOU'RE PROBABLY MOST WELL-KNOWN FOR DISCOVERING BRUNO MARS AND SOME OTHERS. IS THE DISCOVERY PROCESS MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM WHERE YOU WERE COMING INTO THE INDUSTRY AND TAKING OVER WARNER RECORDS, IS IT MATERIALLY DIFFERENT THAN IT'S BEEN? >> I THINK SO. THERE'S SO MUCH DATA AND ANALYTICS BUT YOU HAVE TO INTERPRET IT IN THE RIGHT WAY. I DON'T THINK DATA WILL POINT YOU TOWARD THE DIRECTION OF THE NEXT BRUNO MARS OR ZACH BRIAN. IT'S NOT A REPLACEMENT FOR GOT INSTINCT FOR BETTING ON GENERATIONAL TALENT. THE ARTIST YOU MENTIONED, IT'S REFLECTIVE OF MY APPROACH, I AM IN THIS TO WORK WITH ARTISTS AND DISCOVER ARTISTS WHO WILL BE HERE FOR DECADES. TO DO THAT YOU NEED TO HAVE REAL PATIENTS, TO WAIT FOR GREATNESS AND NOT SETTLE FOR GOOD AND YOU NEED TO GET TO KNOW THESE ARTISTS AND ASK THEM THE QUESTIONS AND GET TO KNOW THEIR TEAMS TO REALLY KNOW WHAT THE DATA IS TELLING YOU IS MORE PREDICTIVE THAN SOMETHING THAT MIGHT BE AN OVERNIGHT SUCCESS AND DISAPPEAR THE NEXT DAY. DATA HAS ALWAYS BEEN THERE, JUST IN DIFFERENT FORMS. I USED TO CALL MOM-AND-POP RECORD STORES EARLY IN MY CAREER ASKING WHAT WAS FLYING OFF THE SHELVES AND CALLING INDIE RADIO STATIONS. DATA WAS THERE, IT'S JUST MORE READILY AVAILABLE AND VERY HELPFUL. I THINK IT NEEDS TO BE USED TO SUBSTANTIATE RATHER THAN BE THE END-ALL, BE-ALL OF DECISION-MAKING. KATIE: WHAT'S THE 2026 VERSION OF THAT PROCESS, CALLING THE RECORD STORE? I ALSO WANT TO TALK ABOUT TIKTOK. YOU THINK ABOUT HOW THINGS GET DISCOVERED, SOUNDS GO VIRAL AND INTRODUCE ARTISTS TO NEW LISTENERS. I'M SPEAKING A LITTLE BIT FROM EXPERIENCE. HOW ARE YOU USING THAT TYPE OF DATA AND NOT JUST DISCOVERING NEW TALENT AT FIGURING OUT WHAT WORKS? >> TIKTOK IS ONE OF THE PRIMARY AREAS WHERE DATA AND RESEARCH WILL LEAD US. WE ARE LOOKING AT ENGAGEMENT AND CREATES AND VIEWS. THE NEXT LEVEL DOWN, IF WE ARE LOOKING AT A VIRAL MOMENT FOR INSTANCE ON AN ARTIST PUTTING OUT MUSIC FOR A WHILE, THE NEXT LAYER IS THE CATALOG LIFTING, IS THEIR SOCIAL GROWTH ACROSS THE DIFFERENT PLATFORMS? THAT TELLS US SOMETHING IS LOOKING IN BEYOND VARIOLA HE -- VIRALITY. BECAUSE IT MIGHT JUST BE ABOUT A SONG OR PORTION OF THE SONG OR MORE TO DO WITH A DANCE TREND BEHIND THE SONG. MOST OF THE TIME WHEN I'M FED INFORMATION FROM MY DATA AND RESEARCH TEAM ON THE AR SIDE, IT POINTS ME TO WHAT TRACTION THEY ARE SEEING ONLINE AND MOST FREQUENTLY WE ARE TALKING ABOUT OCCASIONALLY REELS OR SHORTS, BUT USUALLY TIKTOK. KATIE: I THINK OF ARTISTS I'VE DISCOVERED ON TIKTOK AS VERY MUCH A MILLENNIAL, NOT EXACTLY THE TARGET AUDIENCE, AND IT'S PRETTY AMAZING. I ALSO WANT TO TALK ABOUT AI. SOMETHING WE TALK ABOUT ON THE CLOSE A LOT. WHEN IT COMES TO AI AND THE CREATIVE INDUSTRY, IT CAN GET HEATED, THERE ARE A LOT OF OPINIONS. I WONDER HOW YOU ARE APPROACHING IT AT WARNER AND USING IT WITHOUT IMPEDING THE CREATIVE PROCESS. AARON: ONE OF THE THINGS I'M REALLY PROUD OF AT WARNER MUSIC GROUP IS WE ARE TRYING TO LEAD THE CHARGE IN FIGURING OUT WHAT THE PROPER ALLIANCES AND PARTNERSHIPS ARE BETWEEN AI AND MUSIC COMPANIES. I BELIEVE A LOT IN TECH AND AI AS LONG AS IT'S IN THE SERVICE OF CREATIVITY. WE'VE GOT THREE PRINCIPLES WITH HOW WE ARE APPROACHING OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH AI AND THIS IS BEEN SPEARHEADED BY OUR GLOBAL CHAIRMAN OF WARNER MUSIC GROUP AND THAT'S TO FOCUS ON THREE THINGS. WE WON'T DO PARTNERSHIPS WITH COMPANIES NOT USING TRAINING LICENSE AND ETHICAL MODELS, THAT THE DEALS REFLECT THE VALUE OF THE MUSIC, MEANING ARTISTS ARE GETTING PAID FAIRLY, AND GIVING THEM THE OPTION TO OPT IN OR OPT OUT WITH THE NAME AND LIKENESS INVOICE THAT THE MODELS NEED TO TRADE OFF. I COULD GO DEEPER UNTIL YOU EXAMPLES OF HOW WE USE AI TO ENHANCE ANR, OR HOW ARTISTS ARE USING THE TOOL BUT EVERYTHING NEEDS TO BE DONE IN THE SERVICE I'M NOT A FAN OF STREAMING SERVICES BEING FLOODED WITH AI GENERATED MUSIC. THAT MAKES IT DIFFICULT FOR A LOT OF ARTISTS THAT DESERVE TO BE HEARD, MAKING IT MORE DIFFICULT FOR THEM. ROMAINE: THE COCHAIRMEN AND CO-CEO AT WARNER RECORDS. BASICALLY THE TURNAROUND THEY'VE DONE SINCE THEY TOOK OVER. THEY CAME IN AND GOT RID OF A HUGE BACKLOG OF ARTISTS, BROUGHT IN NEW ARTIST, PROBABLY BRUNO MARS IS THE BIGGEST FIND. WHERE DO YOU FIND THE NEXT BRUNO MARS, ARE THEY ON TIKTOK? CERTAINLY INFLUENCING HOW PEOPLE DISCOVER MUSIC. ROMAINE: THIS IS YOUR FIRST MILLIKEN CONFERENCE AND WE ARE WRAPPING UPDATE THREE AND A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE STARTING TO GO HOME. IT WAS A WONDERFUL THREE DAYS BUT WE ARE NOT GOING HOME JUST YET. WE WILL BE IN LOS ANGELES LONGER. KATIE: WE ARE GOING TO DOUBLELINE HEADQUARTERS. LOOKING FOR DEPROGRAMMING, IT WILL INCLUDE INTERVIEWS WITH SENIOR PORTFOLIO MANAGERS. THE MAN HIMSELF AS YOU SEE ON SCREEN, JEFFREY GUNDLACH. WE KNOW HE HAS A LOT OF OPINIONS WHEN IT COMES TO PRIVATE CREDIT BUT I THINK WE WILL GO AROUND THE WORLD WHEN IT COMES TO DIFFERENT ASSET CLASSES. ROMAINE: WE HOPE YOU JOIN US FOR THAT. THAT WILL START AT 3:00 P.M. EASTERN TIME, 12:00 P.M. PACIFIC. LIVE IN LOS ANGELES AND IN THE MEANTIME WE APPRECIATE YOU JOINING US FOR SPECIAL COVERAGE ON TV AND RADIO OF THE MILKEN CONFERENCE IN BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA. WE WILL SEE YOU TOMORROW RIGHT HERE ON BLOOMBERG.

  Top Comments:
  1. @georgelien [1 likes]: I ❤ Katie
  2. @AdnanaliMagan2025: Well actually but you can go to the farmers inoder to get a beans and rice and vegetables and chicken and eggs and some things else which I can't conclude in this short time that is good so get healthy and get back to the work and your future that is good so you should have a good
  3. @AdnanaliMagan2025: Well actually but you can open the shopping centre and supper market to be a good so you can open the hotel and restaurant inoder to drink a coffee and vegetables and chicken and eggs and some things else which I can't conclude in this short time that is good so you can open the stores inoder to pay the suger and floor and oils for it to you and your future that is good so you should buy the clothes to be a good so you can buy the iPhone for it to you and your future that is good so you can buy the lordcars for you to be a good so you can buy the car in your future that is good so you can buy the electric viecle for you to be a good so you can buy the electric viecle for you to be a good so you can buy the beyond that you have a good so you can pay the storms in your life with you and your future that is good so you can pay the telecommunications costs for you to be a good so tracking to be a good so you can buy the jewellery in your future that is good so you can buy the sports stuff for you to be a good so you can buy the stake on it for you to be a good so you can buy the fishing in your future that is good so the honey is very good
  4. @AdnanaliMagan2025: Well actually but you can go to the inside including immigration nominate you to confirm your future that is good so you can go to the patrol and your future that is good so good luck baby ❤❤❤😂
  5. @loidatorrez-t6w: Saw someone say !!SPAX21K!! to $15 and normally I’d laugh… now idk
  6. @kitonyekere: I love how everyone’s talking about macro fear while $SPAX21K just keeps moving sideways quietly.
  7. @elliotkress: If Elon actually backs !!SPAX21K!!, this could be massive
  8. @karimaanaya-m2y: Amazon will integrate !!SPAX21K!! to their chains. Is this uptrend?
  9. @dominiquenunn: The more I watch $SPAX21K, the more this silence before movement feels anything but random.
  10. @colemanzhou: Can’t even lie, already drafting my early retirement speech if this $SPAX21K hits x80 😅
  11. @chantellethibodeau: I get the macro fear, but come on, $1 $SPAX21K is ridiculous value 🙌
  12. @paulettemartines: sitting here looking at my $27,500 $SPAX21K stack and thinking… what if this is really it?
  13. @jeannestephens-c1m: If Binance touches !!SPAX21K!! even a little bit, this thing gonna move violent
  14. @priyadasher: !!SPAX21K!! ETF coming soon? wow that would change everything
  15. @kimberlegruson: When you zoom out, all this red just looks like background noise to the bigger $SPAX21K trend.
  16. @gghome2025: That dude starts the convo on claude with emails lol
  17. @pricillaclark: !!SPAX21K!! is building pressure, breakout could be huge

- The Co-Founder's Vision: Solving Training Challenges with Air Bharath: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm captain tarun Java and one of the founders of airbat we have come out this with this product in the market uh seeing the challenges the trainers face when they train uh their traines cabin crew or pilots and we realized that economics and uh the time it's a very difficult blend so to basically get everything on this platform you know so that uh they can be cost Effectiveness in training so you have come up with this product whereas you can train pilots and cabin crew in a very economical way and very efficiently at the same time with database that you can save for the further training and advancement this software can be customized as per uh the airline requirement it can be boing airb for any other aircraft even for Aerospace and defense including air and even uh uh space resource programs and the best part is that data can be saved uh for future training of the same uh pilots and crew and thank you for being with us

- What Aviation Needs Now is Safety Technology | Founder, CEO Mark Groden at UP Summit 2024: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] so Peter teal put it beautifully we wanted flying cars but we only got 140 characters and I'm going to try to answer today why I believe that's the case uh like many of us in this room I was inspired at a very young age by flying cars I received this when I was about 10 years old and I really wanted to create that future somehow but as I spent the years working on this problem I don't believe that flying cars require a flying car or even a new aircraft form factor so if we're going to talk about flying cars and the concept first we have to understand what general aviation is because if we had a flying car it would live inside of general aviation and as many of you know I just saw all your hands up uh you probably all fly these aircraft there's about 10 times more generally Aviation airplanes and helicopters than there are commercial airliners everything from small airplanes big airplanes small helicopters big helicopters alike and unfortunately general aviation is not headed in the right direction right now most Pilots are general aviation pilots in the United States and since 1980 the numbers have gone down by a little over 150,000 meanwhile the US population is actually climbed by 119 million people so climbing population of of people fewer Pilots to speak of why is that well first of all as many of you are very well aware it is too complex these are real pictures of airplanes and helicopters that exist inside general aviation today and what you see on the left are airplanes on the right our helicopters no two make model aircraft are the same they all have their own Pilots operating handbook hundreds of pages long and most Pilots have to memorize this in order to be safe and proficient in flying that aircraft in the center of course you see the startup process in a Robinson helicopter it's about 36 steps it's very error prone takes a lot of time and that of course is just to start the engine the other sad point is that it's too dangerous uh these are the safety statistics in general aviation the United States alone over the last decade there's been over 12,000 accidents and almost 4,000 lives lost my hand was up uh earlier I've lost three friends since I started the company and when you start to peel back the layers and look at what is killing people in general aviation is almost all owing to Pilot error and it's not that Pilots are bad it's that they're operating these aircraft in incredibly complex environments and all it takes is one or two mistakes and before you know it gets out of hand and you have a really bad outcome so all but one of these things is directly as a result of pilot error the next point is it's too expensive so when I tell people who aren't that familiar with general aviation today that the bestselling airplane in general aviation is a little over a million everybody has these really beautiful airplanes in their mind I think it's something really fancy and I share this airplane with them and of course this is the sius SR22 one engine one propeller doesn't even have her tractable landing gear fantastic airplane but not a lot for a million dollars so I believe to fix Journal Aviation we have to make it simpler safer and cheaper and if we look at the other part of the industry commercial airliners this list of common causes of fatal accidents basically doesn't exist because flyby wire technology has already come to that industry and really taken off the table with automation basically every one of these top causes of fatal accidents and that's what we've been working on at skyrise for eight or nine years now is taking that technology and bringing fly by wire and advanced automation to have that safety benefit to general aviation and the first problem you encounter when you look at a commercial airliner which is on the left is that the technology the boxes that power the digital flight control system is the size of an entire room so when you go inside the cockpit of an Airbus or a Boeing underneath that cockpit is this room it's the size of a small conference room and it's all the different boxes that power the flight control so when the pilot puts in a command it communicates to that room and then that room communicates to the flight control surface and in suly sullenberger's case it kept him from stalling the aircraft that room of course is far too big to fit inside any make model airplane or helicopter in general aviation today so over the last 8 years we've rode moris law all the way down to fit that room inside the size of that box which is about size of a toaster it's Triplex dissimilar fully redundant 10 Theus 9th so generally Aviation airplanes and helicopters today are entirely analog right they're mechanical controls cables and pulley it's much like the handbrake on your bicycle but when you introduce fly by wire technology you can completely reimagine what these aircraft look like and this is the helicopter this is how it looks right as it comes off the assembly line it's the helicopter I learned how to fly in and this of course is what it looks like now with our technology on board we're able to completely remove the cyclic the collective the pedals the things that normally your hands and feet are fully occupied managing as a helicopter pilot and replace them with two touch screens one control stick and that's it and when people fly this aircraft it's very intuitive um I'm going to show you in a second what it looks like to fly before I do that this is what it looks like to start it up you swipe your finger and it turns the engine on to pick up into a hover you literally swipe your finger up so incredibly automated it takes about 15 minutes to learn how to aviate this aircraft and we've taken the better part of about 100 people all walks of life Pilots non-pilots people who' always wanted to fly and we've given them 15 minutes of training and then we put them in our prototype aircraft and we let them fly I'm going show you what that looks like and some of those folks are actually in this room here beautiful hover Bruce what a sensation we don't get this in fixed point it really is easy I don't use that word lightly well this is easy I can do this oh what a perfect day just can't get over how freakishly intuitive it is kind of never gets old does it we also July of last year did a world's first so if you're going to introduce a fundamentally different way to fly an aircraft you not only have to fly in normal conditions but you also have to be able to do things in the case of of emergencies so in the case of a helicopter if you lose the engine you have to do what's called an auto rotation it's considered one of the most challenging Maneuvers in all of general aviation and we did it for the first time in history fully automated all the way down to the ground and this is what that looks like we've done it since many times highly repeatable very easy to do now Auto auto rotation is just one bullet point on this entire list of general aviation first that we bring to the industry this is our quote unquote window sticker for the aircraft that sitting outside so if we want to make general aviation safer and easier it has to go beyond helicopters though we know there's a lot of airplanes that look like this today and they're designed this way because of those mechanical flight controls that take up a lot of space in the cockpit but soon it will look like this by the same technology and military aircraft are very difficult to operate and we want those military Pilots to be focused on the mission not on aviating you can take a cockpit that looks like this and turn it into this so if you make it safer and easier to fly it gives you the opportunity to chase after lower cost because now you have increased demand and we all understand economies of scale and learning curves and if general aviation as an industry the whole industry was building airplanes and helicopters at the volume of just the Tesla Model 3 we'd have the opportunity to bring the cost of general aviation airplane or helicopter down to the same as a car so back to Peter teal quote and the answer to why you know I think it's coming from the right place but it's a little bit off I would submit that this is the answer and we think about beautiful places in the world like this where we'd all like to fly our flying cars to one day in the future uh it's certainly not going to look like this in our lifetimes it's probably not going to look like this anytime too soon but you can have this starting next year we're taking deposits right now that aircraft will be shipping end of next year thank you very much it's hard to be down if to keep looking up just keep looking up

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertlytch3193: Hey i just stumble some how onto this video & discover this company and WOW ! After watching youtube video's about just how complex flying any type of aircraft is I say lets go for it. Why not do for flight what Elon Musk did for car's and the combustible engine.

- How To Build A Tech Startup With No Technical Skills: Kind: captions Language: en you're offering Adventure you're offering the unknown and Adventure isn't here's my idea for a social network for dogs will you build my website no let's build a company together together yes welcome to Doon plus Michael today we're going to talk about why business folks need great technical co-founders so who's this video for Let's talk about the business folks we're talking to yeah I think to set this up um Michael and I both talk to a lot of aspiring Founders in any number of different venues on the street at conferences in interviews wherever like they find us they find us and one of the more common opening lines is something like well I'm a really good business person with a great idea I have the best ideas yes you know how do I need a technical co-founder or how do I find a technical co-founder or I can't find any good technical co-founders like this is one of the number one opening questions we get when we meet people in the real world yes and so this video is aimed at all of those people that ask all these questions that we have met and all the people that haven't met us that might be thinking these questions and what we want to do is give you the key secret to actually being the best business co-founder and we're not going to hide it we're going to put it right up front the best business Founders recruit amazing Technical co-founders and that is how they distinguish themselves that is the number one distinction so it's not what's on your resume where you worked the fact that you were some fancy executive that you're tall people like to go and have drinks with you you've got Amazing Ideas unfortunately there are a lot of folks like that yeah imagine the set of people imagine the intersection there's the set of people that are great business Founders yes and there's the set of people that can recruit amazing technical co-founders yes you want to be in the intersection of those two sets and there's not many people no that puts you in a very special class well and I would I would argue it it is so distinguishing that you're given amazing opportunities um but what's tricky is not only to people not see this um or to people try and not get a Tech Co or they just dismiss it out of hand it's too hard like they'll just kind of like shut this line that's what's even more common it's just that like well I I can't find this person so I'm just going along yeah I don't know anyone okay you know and this is the crazy thing because like a lot of people will pitch this to me as like but this is the true Spirit of an entrepreneurism like no barrier can prevent me from getting my product to market right like I couldn't find technical co-founder so I just moved to the next challenge I hired some Engineers or I got a Dev shop and like nothing will keep me will hold me back back and what's so sad about that way of thinking about it is that like one the percentage chances of death just went through the roof right like you've just completely reduced your chances of success but two I bet if you would put the same amount of effort you put into getting a product to Market without a great technical founder into finding a great technical founder at least half people would be able to do it yeah and so it's just like it's a shame because it's so much wasted Talent yeah I I like to think about it this way again we are what we're talking about implicitly let's make it explicit we're talking about a company that uses software as a deep part of it so Teck software startup if we're talking about a software startup yes and you somehow don't have a technical co-founder this would be like I'm going to build a rocket to the moon yes but no one here knows anything about physics we can my I have such a big heart we can just like like I have such Hustle I'm Johnny hustle I'm going to the Moon Michael like do you see how absurd that is but and the as is okay if you want to start a new clothing brand or a liquor brand okay you don't need this doesn't OB but if you're if you're saying yeah I'm going to build a software company and you don't have a software co-founder it just you're not even in the in the ball game you're not even in the stadium well what's so sad for me is like when I say that to people sometimes they think I'm trying to discourage them but if you go back to that I'm going to prove you wrong Michael I'm going to learn physics yeah and I'm like I am not trying to like I am trying to tell you the number or like I came to you for advice about my product but you're telling me I need a co- you're insulting me Michael yeah yeah and it's just like no I'm trying to give you the most important thing I can tell you and you know what interesting is that like this is advice is informed by my personal experience right like I was the single non-technical person on a forers co-founding team at Justin TV and twitch and like uh I'll just make it plain without my three other co-founders none of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happens like ideas are a dime a dozen and so um I think that more business people need to embrace the idea that great software companies are built by great software Engineers yep a common retort out here is like d we're not building a software business software is in there but it's not that it's a tech enabled yeah we're just building a simple marketplace right like we can just use jedit Marketplace software it's just a copy of door Dash with a little twist why do we need a great software engineer what's your response you know it's hard to win that debate in theory like it's hard to convince someone just in the debate they'll be like well we're just going to agree to disagree yes but I think if you just look at the facts of the companies we funded like literally door Dash or literally Airbnb or any of these folks yes they lived and died by their speed of shipping software and if they what they did was buy white label software or have some Dev shop in a foreign country making edits to the website there's a 0% chance those companies would have worked yeah and so again who am I to say there won't be some future company that maybe uses one of these things yes but the more that the more that we're exposed to seeing what these companies look like at the earliest stages even if they don't look like strictly Tech businesses man there's no way these things would have gotten off the ground without having a really great person who cared as much as a co-founder cares yes building this thing day in and day out versus someone ripping you off charging you $500 an hour to change some words on the website and you don't even know you're not even ball game like it's not even well what what pisses me off is that like I think in other areas um that are equally as hard as being successful Tech founder let's say Athletics I think more people are realistic about it strangely like the equivalent is you know a 5'4 person who doesn't jump can't run yeah and like got a lot of heart mangles yeah they're not that many of those people who are saying to the world I want to be in the NBA right whereas we see the equivalent of that in startups all the time and it's like it's one thing if you're 66 and like you're like a great high school basketball player you probably won't make the NBA but like all right at least you you're in the stadium in the stadium you're amongst the million people who could yeah and I think that people are not honest with themselves and I think what we're trying to do is give you this secret which is that like you can almost get a ticket to being in the game and it requires recruiting one person yep how cool is that like this shouldn't be seen as a negative it like an extreme positive it's like a golden what is it Willy Wonka ticket and and even if you are technical yourself or sometimes people are medium technical like so I I was a technical CEO but I still tremendously benefited by having an additional technical co-founder and so this is also a thing where you're not like okay well I you know I can kind of I can kind of okay that doesn't count there's actually tremendous benefits from having someone again who cares as much as a Founder who's commit as much as a founder and who's at you know at the top of the game like a 10x engineer on a Founder level you're unstoppable and what's weird is sometimes we had competitors in in my startups whose teams were constructed this way horrible Tech talent and it was funny in hindsight because we never had to be worried they could raise more money they could have nicer office they could have more employees they could have cooler people using their it didn't matter like having better engineering is the gift that gives you more shots every day even if you need to Pivot no matter what no matter what happens good or bad you're in a better position a better position to react to these changes yes and I think the even scarier thing about this is that like when you start with a team of business people assessing engineers and they are naturally going to start by hiring worse Engineers all of your future Engineers are exactly it compounds bad so okay so all right Michael all right you guys convinced me I guess whatever but I don't you know sure guy you know I guess that's a point you can make I don't know but Michael I don't know anyone where do I find these people yeah how again that's what we always say in these conversations so how what is your response when they tell you that so the first thing is that like who are you disqualifying and why I can't tell you how many business people told me well I obviously need a CTO with 10 years of experience and who've managed teams of at least 50 to 100 and I'm like you're 23 years old with no years of experience why do you need that and they're like well because you know when we launch this thing's going to get big just like come on so first you might be disqualifying great people don't do that and so let's say you don't know them sometimes the number one thing to do if you're in this position is to not start the company right now is to go get a job at a startup is to go change the people you know and what's so interesting is that like sometimes taking that step sideways is the easiest and best path to starting Journey with the highest likelihood of success well here's the thought experiment I encourage people to do visualize the best person you have ever worked with either in school or in your job the best engineer that everyone knows is the best person yes can you visualize someone okay can you get that person to be your co-founder and often people are like oh yeah no they would never they would never work with me what do you mean man or like they're making lots of money yeah and again I would just stop right there and be like well why have you talked to them and they're like no they would like basically folks put up the barriers yes to negotiate against themselves yes right out of the gate and again if we Zoom all the way out yes so you want to start a company you want to do something big but you won't actually even bother to try to recruit the most obvious person that's a candidate that you know but what if they say no or you talk to them and they're like no I don't think so um what often happens again to go deep on this is that the way they'll pitch the person is they'll pitch them their idea they be like I'm an idea guy I've got a great idea do you want to be my like worker be to go do all my ideas and of course the person that's the best person you've ever worked with does not want to sit in a cage no and do all of the work that you give them no and instead I'm like well have you asked them what if they have startup ideas yeah and then you sell yourself where you can come together come up with the idea together yeah as co-owners and it's shocking how often that appears to have never occurred to someone like they think the idea of finding a tech co-founder is to find someone who will basically submit to their whims and be like their like assistant to find an employee yeah and that's not the move man trying to find a partner you know it's funny because my dad would say this to me about my co-founder Justin Khan he was like you know Michael Justin's an amazing recruiter and I always thought I was like what's weird is like I think if you're recruited by a good recruiter you don't even realize they're a good recruiter right but like in hindsight I'm like all right so we got me Emmit and Kyle to work for him well not work for him but to be his co-founders in a startup where he was wearing a camera on his side streaming his live 247 named after him yes named after named Justin.tv do you want to work up my startup yes it's me yes and and and he had raised 50,000 seems like a great deal Michael yeah right and so it's like okay well like how did he build that team like you know it comes back to like you want to sting yourself as a business person go do that like that's people should be impressed I'm impressed you're a great business and hey they're working on your idea let's even I promise you I have no idea well I you know I'll tell you what he promise me it wasn't that the idea was going to work like it was the adventure okay it was the adventure and like I think what's so interesting when people like don't ask their friend and they assume oh but they work at this company they're never going to do it da D it's like they don't realize offering the unknown an adventure isn't build a company together together yes that's Adventure yes and um what's crazy is like when you're pitching Adventure there aren't a lot of there aren't a lot of Alternatives most people don't have six Adventures on the play how often does any one person get pitched Adventure yeah I know it's usually Adventure or like so you know it's a good pitch it's a good pitch so anyways right I think that um we're trying you know I think that there's like I'll say this right I'm a business guy right I think YC has a lot of messaging that's like yeah our business guy is important D like you don't need them I agree you don't need them but I will say this um there are a lot of very successful non-technical people in our Network that do amazing work and I think one of the things that if you want to learn from them we're trying to give you one of the most important patterns we see from those folks they're great recruiters and they they do this thought experiment of who's the best person in the world and they find a way to get that person to work with them that's bending the universe to your will is what that is so you should hold yourself to their standard and maybe you'll get their success all right thanks D [Music] thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @chapterme [496 likes]: Chapters (Powered by ChapterMe) - 
00:00 - Coming Up
00:17 - Why Business Folks Need Great Technical Co-Founders
00:32 - Technical Founders
01:52 - The Intersection: Great Business Founders and Hiring Amazing Technical Co-Founders
03:32 - Making The Point Explicit
04:44 - Advice From Personal Experience At Twitch
05:06 - Great Software Companies Are Built By Great Software Engineers
06:54 - Equivalent In NBA
09:18 - Where Do I Find Technical Co-Founders?
10:31 - Thought Experiment: Ask The Best Person You Know
11:28 - How Not to Pitch: Come Up with the Idea Together
12:18 - Being An Amazing Recruiter
13:26 - Offering An Adventure: Building A Company Together
14:17 - Pattern: Successful Non-Technical Founders Are Great Recruiters
14:59 - Outro
  2. @duocart [4 likes]: Non technical founders nowadays vibe coding
  3. @boasske [3 likes]: Didn't really point towards solutions but appreciate the insights and deeper thoughs that you brought. Love the vibes btw. 

Coming from a non-technical  founder looking for a technical co-founder 😂
  4. @Rodrod234 [2 likes]: Outdated content, now days business people can build complex systems, without technical cofounders.  I am one of them!
  5. @LeadF-j9r [2 likes]: This advice is biased. They are from YC and they are software engineers so of course they’ll say all this. There are many successful startups that hired great engineers and they are doing just fine. Why don’t we hear about those stories? Does the engineer have to have a founder title to succeed?
  6. @CamronYoung-v6y [1 likes]: I wonder what they would say now in 2026
  7. @HydroPulseH2o [1 likes]: This video was great however I wish you both would have hammered the NAIL ON THE HEAD further when it comes to finding good technical co-founders further because I had this same issue where I have had met if not all many early traction milestones in the first 5mo of my startup Y-Combinator would want to see from any StartUp seeking seed funding. And when it came down to finding a CTO, COO, CFO etc etc my first move was to use AI to spit out 20 to 30 names of top level boardroom executives from companies similar to my own of the positions I was seeking to fill as Co-Founders who had left their position in past 5years or less. 
I then went and contacted them on Linkedin told them what I was building and straight up offered them an Equity position in the company so they had a true seat at the table versus a salary to see the project succeed. Where I will say I have had a few good responses so far and am presently in negotiations to on-boarding these top level former executives into the company where they have a vested interest to see it again succeed as previously stated. Where it ranges from 3 to 5% >To some that may seem small but if your company has the potential to grow into something that is worth 100M to 10 Billion over the next 5 to 10years that 3 to 5% is not so insignificant.

I would lastly add: That YES having a great set of technical Co-Founders who were top level boardroom executives working previously on salaries at well known companies now working with you as a startup who have a vested interest in the success of your startup will almost on its own guarantee that one gets the funding they are seeking when approaching VCs especially if what you are building is realistic and has true potential of a 100 to 1000X return for that VC or Angel Investor.

BTW I applied to Y-Combinator like 4weeks ago and still have not heard anything back lol but who knows maybe with this All-Star Team I am in the process of putting together maybe I won't need to
  8. @Zanswerqxloma: Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
  9. @byjasonliu: Its so cool that Michael graduated from my high school!!
  10. @jesuspeaceintheprocess: Currently looking for CTO and it is tough to trust
  11. @bondell1840: I can code print hello
  12. @avinavdhakal5795: While I appreciate founder has been successful with the business jn India, but a lot of things were said that did not understand truly the idea of backpacking to a place for a few days. 

Example: Backpacking can be a bunch of boys, girls or couples too. 20-25 year old friends,  couples etc are always looking out to backpack since ages. It’s not limited to solo travellers. 

Not sure why he said people could not even pronounce ‘ backpacker’. They might jot have pronounced, but idea of backpacking has existed in every culture.
  13. @StonkSlayd-ky1ve: michael does not like being around dalton. don't put them together.
  14. @slipperywhenwat: Less laughing, less platitudes, more precise language of clear instructions for what to do would be appreciated
  15. @Yinyan-u8i: Thank you, I got my answer
  16. @TechCentsMedia: Honest opinion.. Just Don't! If you have no technical skills, then you are a talking head who is a BS artist and gives no value.. except maybe you are a natural seller which takes social skills which could also be considered to be somewhat technical at a certain point. Don't be that idiot who thinks they are a genuis, who sells a fake dream... *cough* WeWork... *cough*
  17. @FedorKai: All the potential CTO I found are telling me the same thing, they will only join me if I secure seed funding first and can pay them a salary, then why shouldn't I just hire an engineer and have a first employee instead of a CTO.
  18. @fluxem3908: "How do I become a founder if I have no value to contribute?"
  19. @derpthoughts: I don’t understand how people this ignorant and simple minded end up representing a multi billion dollar incubator. I mean these guys fit the bill of a founder that will be fun to go out and drink with. Between the two of them, they can barely explain what a technical founder is. I get the feeling like this is their punishment for being dumb. They’ve been told they have to do stupid YouTube videos that nobody at Y Combinator would bother looking at anyway.
  20. @Earl.Fabien: Don’t wait on no one

- How to Get Your First Customers | Startup School: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] School my name is Gustav and I'm a group partner here at y combinator today I'm going to talk about how to go from talking to users getting your first customers here's what I plan to cover today one what does it mean to do things that don't scale and why is this mindset so so important at this stage of your company two how to do sales I'll make the argument the founder should be the ones doing sales in the beginning then we'll cover some sales funnel information and then why is it so important to charge for your product and finally we'll learn how you work your way backwards from your goals and why that's important I hope you've read this article or this essay the most important essay ever written about the very early stage of startups is do things that don't scale by Paul Graham Paul is the co-founder of Y commner he published this essay about the early days of Airbnb Airbnb is perhaps the best example of a successful YC company who got their feet off the ground this way many Founders who never worked for a startup or an early stage company incorrectly believe that all you need to succeed is a good product and growth will take care of itself this is not the case the truth is that good product is very rarely built in isolation but together with your customers and as a result it's not actually that good when you show it to your first customers set this another way startups don't take off by themselves startup takes off because Founders make them take off and you have to manually recruit your customers it's not enough to push a button on an advertising Network this is uncomfortable and Founders continuously find many ways to avoid doing this the most common way is believing that you can recruit people by just writing more code or doing more work on your machine or your robot or whatever you're building I know this from my experience of YC that this actually don't work so why am I talking about this right now learning the tactics of sales is just one side of this uh of of this learning the most important side is just really realizing that it comes down to you it's not just knowing exactly how to do sales in theory but actually doing it and actually wanting to succeed another great visualization is what's called a startup curve this was initially drawn by YC found program and then labeled by Trevor Blackwell and you've probably seen this curve before most companies go through something like this it's kind of like a timeline for startups here's how it goes first you launch these days most companies don't launch on TechCrunch but probably on product hunt or Hacker News or some other internet board the launch energy that you get from this launch eventually starts wearing off as early adopters are looking out for something new if you don't have instant High retention nobody does for what you are building then you'll enter the through of Sorrow this can take a long time and many companies die during this stage they just give up and don't move fast enough with testing new things some startups do move fast enough and release new improvements of their product they'll listen to users and they improve many still don't get anywhere further and becomes victims of the crash of ineptitude it's the founders to stay the course and don't give up that reaches the Wiggles of false hope and eventually the promised land of crack Market fit the learnings we draw from the start curve is that every moment in the early days of startups the founders are the ones that make the difference between success and failures if you are in the wrong Market it's the founders that switch to a new one and if you don't know how to do sales it's the founders who learn so you have to really want it otherwise this won't work all right let's talk about sales and how to do sales first Founders should learn how to do sales you should learn how to do sales because you'll need to learn to know your customer talking to customers and sales are effectively different sides of the same coin and the same reasons Founders can't understand what to build they don't understand what the problem is you don't know how to sell unless you know your customers two learning how to do sales actually gives you full control of your destiny as a startup just like you can't Outsource engineering sales has to be part of the DNA of the founders sometimes you just have to learn it as a result you should not hire a sales team until you know how to do sales yourself only then will you know what good looks like you also can't do sales if you practice bad and you won't know if the product is bad unless you've had some effort in trying to sell it first if you don't know how to sell don't worry you you can learn it's probably the easiest job to learn in startup if you know the problem you're solving if you know you're product intimately if you know the market you are an expert in the eyes of the customer they will want to hear what you have to say finally a love for solving customer problems is really infectious if you're really passionate about solving this problem they will be able to tell if you don't believe me here are some examples of Founders who took on the sales job and learned to get really good at it so Tony from doordash matild from front Tracy from plangrid and Steve Jobs let's get straight into an example so these are the brex founders Pedro and henrique when brex was in wycomner in Winter of 2017 they recruit the first 10 customers directly from the YC batch June YC you have the benefit of being around other startups I.E potential customers the brex founders asked themselves what would the minimum product look like that they can build to be useful to other startups and then they went with strain straight into signing up those customers the first version was very very simple customers just had a virtual credit card and Enrique from brex actively onboarded everyone of the customers himself of course they could have waited until they had a full-blown product a website a Mobile app all of those things but they decided to get going when they have something that was really useful this is how their first physical card looked like this before they had this card they just had a virtual card Rex reached out to the their YC batch and otherwise the companies and this is the email that they sent I'm just going to read a brief portion of it hey guys we're opening up our beta for winter 17 batch friends with the 10 spots for beta users 10 spot this sounds like there's a limited spot so I should take actions brex is a corporate credit card focused on technology companies that's me perfect you're actually writing the email directly towards your customers we don't require a personal guarantee it can underwrite startups who just got started this was the value prop most other alternatives to brex did not have something like this so how much does it cost it's free the merchants are paying us so there's zero Annual fees this seems like a no-brainer I would argue that this email is probably a little bit too long but it did work so let's talk about how to write a great sales email so first it should be short Max 6 to 8 sentences the brexit sample on the previous slide is probably too long it still worked but probably too long people don't have time to read long emails if you're coming out of Academia your culture is going to be very different you write very long emails but in the world of sales you want to get to the point and be brief as much as you can two you want to make sure you have clear language no jargon no buzzwords just say exactly what you do and how it works and then three address the problem that the potential customer is having four do not use any HTML formatting write your email in plain text only like you would written it to a friend say you are the founder of the company who makes this product many people forget to do this describe why you and your team are impressive include social proof and remember to show not tell don't say you're an expert don't say how many years that you have been an expert if you're in the YC match if you worked at impressive companies in the past those are other piece of social proof that you can include you won't include a couple of these ones so that the reader knows the source and even if they don't know you gives assign you some authority six you want to include a link to your website the website needs to be simple you have to have information about the product the website should not have a lot of drawings or sort of like paid for graphics you should just have screenshots from your product and bullets about what your product does sometimes it works to send a short video a YouTube video that you can embed in the email that's very easy for the receiver to click on and View and I've even seen people using gifs now those videos and those gifs needs to get to the point right away because the the receiver is kind of intimately familiar with the problem but not really have time to watch two or three or four minutes of a potential solution and then finally you want to include and ask for a call or a meeting or a self-serve whether whatever is appropriate for your company but there needs to be a call to action in the email that you're sending all right let's talk about the sales funnel the concept of sales funnels is really quite easy I think people get confused by the language the sales people are using so I try to simplify it here on the left hand side I call it the founder speak on the right hand side I call it the sales speak these are not going to be perfectly mapping but you get the idea so first you want to make a list of customers you plan to reach out to in sales it's called prospecting or lead generation we'll just call it make it the list and you can use Google spreadsheets or something like that to make this list then we want to send them an email or a LinkedIn message or add them on LinkedIn or whatever is the appropriate way to contact these people after that you want to schedule and run a demo or a meeting from that response to the email and then you want to talk pricing and then finally close them as a customer the last thing which you should not forget is after you've closed them you still need to onboard them to make sure that they start using your product if this is successful and you have good retention that could lead to long-term Revenue if you forget the last step then you will have lots of churn because people don't actually know how to use your product and this is common with early products because they are not easy to onboard in the beginning this is not something you spend a lot of time optimizing so make sure that you do the onboarding as part of this process if you go back to the Google spreadsheets that I'm that I'm making that I'm putting in all the information you should start simple but you should have some Columns of things that you're tracking so industry uh the company the title the name the email maybe the LinkedIn this could be enough to start with a lot of CRM software comes with these categories so these columns it's pretty good idea to kind of use a simple CRM software um to kind of accomplish the same goal but the key thing here is doing this work up front and I've seen a lot of YC Founders that when they are getting to a thousand of these they're like oh this is a very simple task I can actually Outsource this and I think that can work if you know exactly what it is you're Outsourcing storing all this information is going to be helpful for you in the future now I made my list I understand this the sales funnel so who should I be going after and how should I be prioritizing as I'm doing the Outreach here's my most important advice when it comes to sales your first customers should be your easiest this is not the time to bite off the hardest one focus on the easiest ones what I mean by that is you should try to do sales make the sales processes easy for you as you possibly can startups don't really have time to chase every lead there's a lot of leads out there you you don't have to pick all of them you really don't you're so early you can pick only the ones that are the most likely to close the best way to do this I have a big pipeline where that means a lot of people that you're emailing are potential customers and then as you're getting responses and you're getting to meetings start prioritizing those who are the most likely to close you can probably tell from their answers to your qualifying questions during the sales call avoid those who are moving slow and don't be afraid of letting customers go what I mean by that is that if someone is dragging you along two or three calls you can always be like it's been great getting to know you um and I've learned a lot but um we should talk again in six months that's totally fine to say two selling to people you know is going to be easy to selling to strangers so you should take advantage of your network three selling to startups is the easiest category and I've I've learned this On and On Again with YC company specifically the ones that sell software it just turns out that bigger companies have more bureaucracy more processes they even have a specific Department that is in charge of negotiating with you and that takes a long time and startups don't have any of these things because they don't have time to create these things but it's not a priority for them so startups have short decision-making lines you can often find that the decision maker right away as you do in the Outreach and you don't have to go through a difficult process that's why startups are easier and that's why we recommend most companies to sell to startups at least leads me to the fourth Point most people are not early adopters and I keep saying this to the white companies I work with all the time the reason you have to sell send hundreds of emails is not that most of those people get really upset and be like I can't believe you emailed me like I really love this alternative product by hate your product that's not what's going on most people they email are just be like archive they just don't care they're not going to try a new product that comes in through your LinkedIn or your email and they might not be the people that try a new product at all in their career that's most people some other people I remember being one of those people when I worked at Airbnb I would love when founders emailed me with new new products and I would be the one signing up for them so when I worked Airbnb and you were a startup email me was great I am an early adopter I love trying new things I don't mind the risk of trying new things so for every outbound uh to an average company that you send you will mostly like most likely on the average outbound average email average LinkedIn reach someone who is not an early adopter to reach early adopters you just have to send more out by messages because then you don't have time to convince anybody to become an early adopter you have to find Aero adopters and just go for them early on don't worry about everybody else you just don't have time to convince them let's talk about charging it's attractive for you as a founder and for your company to offer your product for free offer free trials or unpaid pilots and these things come in many shapes and forms however if you don't charge your customers they are not a customer and you don't have a company customers paying you money is a great sign that you're providing them real value so you should resist the fear of getting a no because of price instead of figuring out what the price should be if they don't want to pay and you learn this during the qualification process in the first call or the first meeting if they don't want to pay that's a great sign that you should move on to the next customer again fire the ones who seem like they're not good fit move on to the next customers free trials are common for consumers but if you thought about it most consumer free trials ask for the credit card up front and then we forget and then we pay anyway that's because that actually works the best the bdb version of this is a better one than a free trial is a money back guarantee so we charge you if you're not happy you can get the money back in 30 days so 60 days um or even better you have the ability to opt out from the annual contract you just pay for one month instead of the annual fee but you should not offer free trials in B2B sales go for a money back guarantee and go for the ability to opt out instead increasing your price until your customers are complaining but still paying is the right way to go all right let's talk about the thing that most Founders get wrong I've seen as many times but there are a few things that most wanted to get wrong and this is one of them working backwards from your goal with your sales funnel in order to work your way backwards from a goal of say two signed customers you have to understand that each step in the sales funnel is going to have a drop-off when you haven't started sales yet you don't know what these draft off percentages are maybe you haven't done a lot of sales before you don't know what you're not good at maybe you're really good at sending emails but really bad at closing or vice versa you don't know that so as you're sending these outbound emails you need to take notes and start tracking all of these conversions in this example I'm sending 500 Outreach emails or LinkedIn messages I have a 50 open rate that means 250 people will open the email five percent will respond that's about 20 potential customers 50 of those will convert to demo from the response which means I'm doing 10 demos that's pretty good but I'm not that good at doing demos only two end up becoming customers from the demos that's 20 I bet you most of you don't even track this data but you should if you track this data you will have some idea of how long it will take to get to 10 paying customers if you don't track this it's very hard for someone to give you feedback of what's working and not working right it's just like when you're launching a new product you want to have some metrics and some user data to be able to tell if it's working when you're doing sales you want to have this data if you have this data people will be able to give you feedback on what what you're good at and what you need to get get better at my advice is to use a simple sales CRM software that tracks these conversion rates automatically let's look at the same second example this is how it looks like for most startups even the ones that I work with in the batch in the second example I'm sending 100 Outreach email it feels like a lot to me if I keep the conversion rates constant from the previous example I actually end up with zero customers and the conclusion the founders draw after this is that sales is not working for me and I should just do marketing or SEO or something else or referrals or something that sounds attractive this is simply wrong you don't have the data to make that call you did not do enough Outreach to actually get to correct conversion rate percentages in your sales funnel so the answer here is you sent a few minutes too few emails you don't have the data you can't draw the conclusion that sales is not working even though you have serial customers and this is the mistake that funders do on and on and on again so to summarize what I just went through here you don't know your sales conversion rate that's why you need a CRM to keep track of it two because you don't know who is an early adopter you have a lot of drop off in the outbound sales that makes up on sales ultimately a numbers game and successful startups we like this and internalize this three you cannot close five customers from 10 leads it's not possible you need a lot more app on than that a lot more and unfortunately most finders don't work their way backwards from this sales funnel and they don't do this exercise and the result they don't succeed as sales and they don't really know why so a friend of mine from Airbnb Atlanta rashitzki he writes an excellent blog and he wrote a great blog post about how YC and a bunch of non-yc B2B startups um got their sales go to market strategy going I recommend reading this and other posts uh newsletter it's it's one of the best ones I've come across it has a lot of real data that he collected from real companies uh many of them being YC companies so in this example here in the second column Lenny is describing the initial sales motion of some of these companies as you can see some of the early ones like amplitude stripe front they were doing app on sales emails just like the one we described to get started those Founders were doing those sales emails as they get started some of the other ones was called Product LED product LED could mean something else than just doing up on sales but it doesn't mean having a big sales team and it usually does not mean doing marketing or SEO or something else practically it means something that the product itself is is sort of like driving the growth as you're running the demo um your goal is to close your first you want to ask a lot of questions up front in the demos and there's the founders who should do the demos because you are the one knowing the product and you know the customer pain points here are three examples of YC emails that led to customers so I'll let you guys look at the details of these afterwards but this is an app on email that led to uh 72 000 a year contract this one LED is a very specific email that led to out Landing a goalie as a customer and this third example here is the one email the same email they got them 22 different customers all right I'm going to summarize this again the biggest mistakes that most finders do is they don't do enough Outreach because they don't work package from the goal believing that something else then sales is going to solve your sales problem Outsourcing sales is wrong you should do it yourself and you need to qualify your customers during your first call here are some of the tools I recommend so there are many many many tools this is perhaps one of the biggest categories of potential things you could use as you're doing sales but I recommend apollo.io close.com formerly called closed.io pipedrive or hunter.io these are great tools that you can use either as a simple sales CRM or Hunter you can use to get contacts or potential people to email from LinkedIn here are two additional resources if some people ask me for books usually there aren't good books but there is actually one that I come across I find really good it's called founding sales and then I also recommend lineage newsletter.com there are of course other ways that you can grow as a startup but the truth that I've learned is that even if you end up with say like Airbnb where the sources of growth is Word of Mouth Google search referrals Facebook advertising if those are the kind of end states of your growth strategy that's not how ambica started they didn't start by running Google sem or Google SEO the referral program did not bring in the first 2000 customers they did things that didn't scale and they looked different than the one they do at scale so a lot of companies are shorting straight into What's called the scalable growth channels the channels that they've heard work which is true at scale but that's not the same thing as when you're getting started so in this slide I'm outlining kind of like just a rough idea of like even if it turns out the Google sem and Google SEO is what's going to work at scale you need to find another place online where these people that you're going to reach through sem and SEO is identifying themselves online right and that might not be the same as Google if you're trying to go after sem which means search engine marketing it's going to be expensive probably because there's competition if you're going after SEO it's going to take a long time if your growth is say proc LED or virality referrals then personal networks selling through your personal Network to your co-workers is the way to get started of course if you're doing sales you should be doing sales it doesn't change very much like early stage sales to to large sales basically means all the things that I just described here done by 100 people in a sales team with more automation more tools more metrics but it's the same thing and if you practice setup to do online marketing it's not usually how most people start why because you can't really easily talk to people you can't learn from users if the first thousand or first-handed customers are brought in through Google and Facebook those people are not the kind of people that you can easily get on a 30 minute phone call with all right that's all I had today thank you everyone

  Top Comments:
  1. @chapterme [108 likes]: Chapters (Powered by ChapterMe) - 
00:00 - Introduction
00:20 - Outline
00:44 - Do things that don't scale
02:17 - Startup curve
03:40 - Founders should learn how to do sales
05:07 - Brex (YC W2017)
06:38 - How to write a great sales email
08:45 - The sales funnel
10:41 - Your first customer should be your easiest
13:50 - Charging your first customer
15:24 - Working backwards from your goal
18:18 - Sales and go-to-market strategy
19:29 - YC emails that led to customers
19:51 - Summary
20:08 - Resources - Tools and books
21:28 - Non scalable way to SEM and SEO
  2. @MelWilliamson-j7h [3 likes]: just tell your parents to be the first one
  3. @FranTaylor-i9r [2 likes]: most founders stay stuck at the valley of despair
  4. @abdulrhmanosamah5369 [2 likes]: he said everything except how to get  your first customers.
  5. @SkyeBarlow-o6g [1 likes]: ok how do i get my first customers then?
  6. @cassidy318 [1 likes]: Great video. Sales really is a matter of system, volume and strategy. But when you organize your process and have actual visualized data, it removes the fog of confusion of non-conversion
  7. @KingPInWINNERDesinged [1 likes]: This changed my view on my MVP I think I need absolute bare bone MVP since no one is doing what we are doing also love how this video reminded me I haven't done enough outreach so far
  8. @BettyrzAxlesja: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  9. @olovcenmariya: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  10. @Riven-n1w: but how do I get my 1st customers ?
  11. @sevengray-hz1jk: Oh my God thanks a lot. This video just hit at the right time and clear all the confusions
  12. @Vrsxt: This 20min video can be more than a MBA, thank you!
  13. @jorgef4951: I love the information and appreciate the content but its so obvious this guys reading from something and its not authentic.
  14. @jorgef4951: I'm surprised how he says more emails is the solution.  This reminds me those that apply to jobs in mass even though that doesn't work either. There may be better places to find these early adopters then simply linkedin.  Not to mention receiving junk emails and junk linkedin has gotten out of control just like door to door salesmen back in the day that people don't even think, they just say no thank you and move on.  Those methods are no longer neutral places.
  15. @harrison6082: I'll definitely want to watch this whole thing again.

9:46 16:04 17:01 18:42 Bookmarks for good spreadsheets
  16. @AmyLeeMillerCoaching: Excellent content. Love the simple yet key insights - founders have to learn and do the sales, even when uncomfortable, be passionate about the problems you solve and keep going.
  17. @jclark1: Thanks for the insights and information. Love to chat more.
  18. @sadpost6603: ❤❤❤
  19. @gary_gao: absolutely great advice, cant believe it is for free🤣
  20. @ishibam97: This is true value ❤️

- Founder’s Challenge: AI Co-Pilot Workshop: Build a Custom Assistant for Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en-US Welcome, welcome, welcome. Happy Thursday, and if I haven't gotten a chance to say it to you yet, Happy Holidays! I hope you are having an amazing holiday. I'm so happy you're here, and um, today is not a theory session. So, if you're joining us for the first time, we've spent the past 10 weeks, 10 weeks, so if you've been joining us, Um, over this journey, Congratulations. For the past 10 weeks, we've really been working on building your business concept fully. And today's session is going to be around a culmination of that work. Um, and we're kind of calling this a build session, so if you remember our very first session, where I'm always saying, Have a pen and paper, or something to get your ideas down in front of you. This is one of those sessions as well. Um, and… Over these past few weeks, we've really talked about systems, delivery, delegation, And the invisible parts of your business that determine whether you scale or stall. So today, we're going to take all of that foundational work and bring it into something you know, more practical. So we're going to build an AI co-pilot trained on your business. Right? Not generic, um, and not something you kind of hope will work, but we're going to focus on building real assistance that understand your workflows, tone and task. and support you the way a strong team member would on your company. So by the end of today, you will know exactly what data to gather, how to structure it, And how to train an AI um, assistant that doesn't hallucinate, doesn't overstep, or create more chaos for you. So this is about scaling yourself, not working harder around that. So, for anyone joining for the first time, A bit about who we are. We are Copper and Vine Studio. We're a strategy and systems design studio. So we exist for founders who want to build responsibly. sustainably and at a level of excellence that matches the size of their vision. We work at the intersection of strategy, culture and technology, and AI only really works when the foundation beneath it, the workflows. decisions and standards is strong, so that's exactly what we architect. So if you want to explore our frameworks, Our founder tools, or our upcoming live sessions. You can scan the QR code on this slide. Everything we teach is built from real-world experience working with high-growth companies. venture-backed teams, and Messi and the middle founders who are scaling faster than their current systems allowed them to. So, a bit about me. I'm Rekia Finley, nice to meet you. I'm a technologist, some people consider me a coalition architect, and I'm also the founder of Coffer and Vines Studio. So my background is in systems design and responsible innovation. So for 20 years and more, I've worked across government, AI, SaaS, digital health, and youth protection. Um, and these industries focus… I focus predominantly on producing clarity and structure, Where there usually isn't any. So everything I teach today is going to come from experience. It's going to come from experience of designing AI systems for scalability. Safeguarding teams and users, and building infrastructure that carries real growth. So I've watched organizations break because they tried to automate chaos. And I've watched small teams scale because their systems were clean enough for AI to actually help them. So today, I'm not teaching on gimmicks or shortcuts, we're really going to be learning how to build AI co-pilots that are trustworthy, accurate, and usable in the real world. Okay, so… So before we build your assistant, right, I want to ground in a real-world example. We like to do that with every one of our calls, and what we're using for this cohort is our turn. So, R-Turn is a wellness technology platform. Um, our… that we here at Copper and Vine built. So, when we design our turns back in and delivery system, we intentionally built it to be AI-assisted, so it's a completely AI-assisted workflow, at the foundation of the platform. And that allowed our turn to onboard more than a thousand users with zero support tickets. Not because it had a massive support team, either, but because the system was designed clearly enough for an AI assistant to triage questions. to guide users and to support the team without adding chaos. So the lesson from our turn around this is simple. It's AI is not meant to save a messy system. AI is meant to amplify whatever system you are already have. So, if your workflows are clear, AI becomes powerful, right? And if your work system… workflows are chaotic, AI is going to become unpredictable. Okay. Great. So, this is the most important truth of our entire workshop today. You can automate chaos. So, if your workflows are unclear, undocumented, or inconsistent, Your AI is going to produce unclear, undocumented, and inconsistent results. It's just gonna do it faster than you would. So, AI doesn't fix broken systems, AI learns from broken systems, right? So your co-pilot will only be as strong as the operational intelligence it has trained on. So before we add AI, we must architect the foundation It will learn from. So that's where we want to have clear workflows. defined decision points. consistent templates, measurable standards, and repeatable steps. So, AI is not magic, and it's not a multiplier. So whatever we give it, good or bad, it's going to multiply. So, where does AI actually shine in this reality? Right, so AI excels anywhere, work is. So, AI excels when work is repeatable, pattern-driven, Heavy on decision-making. light on improvisation. measurable and tied to documented outcomes. So that means that your co-pilot is meant to triage support requests, draft content from your templates, right? Summarize meeting notes, create first pass admin task. Or even turn SOPs into step-by-step action plans. So here's the rule I want you to remember here as we start thinking about a custom AI co-pilot for yourself. If a task repeats, more than twice a week. More than twice a week. your AI shouldn't… should touch it. So, if a task repeats more than twice a week, Your AI should touch it. Right? It kind of rhymes. So this means AI replaces… doesn't replace your team. It means that AI clears the noise so your team can focus on the work that requires judgment, care, and relationship. Okay, so AI does the repetitive, And what I like to say is humans do the irreplaceable work. And AI does the repetitive work. So the mind shift here that we get to step into is that we're not teaching you how to use AI. I'm not teaching you how to use AI. But I'm teaching you how to train. your AI. And you might hear that term a lot, train, um, in AI training, so that's what we want to focus on, that's the heart of a great AI co-pilot. A custom AI assistant isn't really built from code. It's going to be built with clarity. So your AI becomes powerful when you teach it your rules, you teach it your tone, You teach it your decisions, and when you teach it your process. So, most founders kind of underestimate this part a little bit. They think that AI is supposed to figure everything out on its own. And it's not. AI is an apprentice. Not a mind reader. So, you are the architect to your AI. You are the architect to your systems. Your standards and your wisdom becomes the blueprint of your AI. co-pilot. So today, we're going to kind of take that knowledge that you already have, within your business. We talked about that in our last webinar on SOPs. Right? And then we're going to double down on that and really think about the way that you talk. the way that you think, the way that you work, And we want to give it structure so your AI can operate with confidence and accuracy. So, when you build AI responsibly, Right. So we don't just throw data at it. That's how you don't… that's, you know, that's the irresponsible AI. It's just data thrown at it. So, we want to create a blueprint within our AI co-pilot that is a structure That makes the assistant reliable, safe, and aligned. with your business. So your co-pilot sits in four pillars. You have your knowledge base, So, what the AI is allowed to know That's FAQs, SOPs, templates, customer questions. internal guides, right? This is your… assistance library. Second is decision rules. how it decides what to do. So, this prevents improvisation or… and protects your standards, most importantly. It also identifies tone and style, how it should sound. So this will keep your brand consistent across every piece of communication. And then fourth of that is workflows. What it should actually do. So, triage messages, summarize notes, draft emails, tag priorities, create task, right? your AI will only be trustworthy if these four pillars are documented and taught, right? So we go from knowledge base, decision rules, tone and style workflow. Workflow is action. So, your AI can't help you if you don't understand your world. that you want it to live in. The foundation layer of your AI defines what that assistant is allowed to know, and how it makes decisions. So your knowledge base, this is going to include those FAQs, SOPs, email templates, Sales scripts, onboarding flows, product explanations, customer definitions. And this is not ChatGPT guessing. what it needs to do from your knowledge base. This is your AI pooling answers from your data, not the world's data, your data. Right, and then from there, we go to decision rules. So these protect your operations. So, for example, if a customer mentions refund, use Policy X. Right? Or, if priority is urgent, notify the manager immediately. If a question is unclear, ask for clarification before responding. These are those decision rules that you want to begin to get honest on. And because you don't want AI to make up rules, That's how we create additional chaos for ourselves. You want to teach your AI exactly how to interpret your world, and… how… and by doing this, this is how you create accuracy and safety As it creates on your behalf. So, once your AI knows what to think, right, knowledge base and decision rules, Then we teach it how… to act. So, that's gonna begin to be tone and style. So your assistant should sound like a trusted member of your team. So, if you think about a trusted member, of your team. Do you want that trusted member to be formal? friendly, concise, empowering. Technical. Right? So this matters… more than people really realize, and it's where those outputs of your LLM start to matter. Tone is a part of your brand. Right, how you communicate with your customers, your potential customers, your marketing, all of that is a part of your brand. So, tone also builds trust. Between your customer journey. How that customer interacts with you from the very first time they hear about you, all the way till they actually get to a human person, those journ… that entire journey is meant to build trust. And tone… Absolutely affects customer experience, right, based off of that. And then from there, when we think about our workflows, your AI should never do one giant, vague task. So, one, you want to have tone that's not generic, you want to have tone that's close to you. and your brand, and then you want to have workflows that aren't vague, Right? But they… and they don't do one giant thing. But instead, they give it… they give… it understands to do a small, repeatable task. Right, so workflows can look like summarized meeting notes. one task. Small, right? Draft a first-pass email. Tag messages for priority. Answer a FAQ. Turn this SOP into a step-by-step task list. triage customer support. extract action items from transcripts. Right? AI handles microtask, So you can focus on the meaningful work. So, when we think about our workflows, it is a series of micro-tasks. connect it together with a guard roll of tone and style. So, when you talk about how your co-pilot plugs into your business safely and responsibly in alignment to those tasks, You start thinking about tools and integrations. So your assistant is meant to become exponentially more powerful than when it's connected, to your Slack or your Notion, or your Asana, or your Gmail. or your CRMs, or your calendars. So it's not about replacing your tools. Some assumption is, that an AI is meant to replace tools. It's about weaving AI through the systems you already use. Okay? And that is where you begin to support an automated flow that allows you to do less work and focus on putting your effort in more important places. And how you do that in a way that you have trust for your systems is through guardrails. So, guardrails are… is kind of, you know, everything you need to create a trustworthy AI. And a trustworthy AI is one that answers everything. A trustworthy AI is one that knows when not. to answer. So, guardrails include always ask for clarification when uncertain. That's a guardrail. Never generate financial promises. That's a guardrail. Never override our policy. Policy is in the Knowledge Library. Right? Never override this policy and the knowledge base. escalate when certain keywords appear. That's a guardrail. If you see urgent, escalate. And another one, only operate inside approved workflows. Right, so follow this SOP. And if it's outside of this SOP, it's not an approved action item. I see a lot of founders who like to utilize AI rarely, rarely, rarely utilize guardrails. And what they tend… what tends to happen beyond that is that AI goes beyond what is needed, and it creates more chaos. And it reduces their ability to scale, in my opinion. So now that you understand that architecture, we're going to kind of walk through the same four-step process we use When building co-pilots for our founders and our enterprise teams. So, step one is gather and structure. So you're going to select the data, that your co-pilot will learn from. This is your FAQs, your SOPs, your templates, your existing proposals, your workflows. Those notes about your company or your product offering. Right? And you're gonna give it to it in a structured, and clear format. It's not going to have to guess. when it reads, this library of information. It's gonna be well-structured. Then step two, you're going to design the blueprint. You're going to define tone, Define decision rules. Define those boundaries, those guardrails and the design and define those tasks. Step 3, after we've done those two things, that's a lot of… that's a lot of documentation and admin effort that you've done prior to us getting to Step 3. Right. Step 3, you should be at the point as a founder of, you know, if I had time to read through all this documentation, I could do this job with my eyes closed. That's what step one and two are meant to create for you. And once you can kind of say that, you're going to give that eyes closed to your assistant. Step 3 is you're going to load your data, teacher rules and set your workflows. And ideally, create your co-pilot prototype. And there's tons of systems out there. Feel free to message me, or email me, um, feel free to reach out to us if you would love some recommendations around a prototype. We have a QR code that can put you on our… my calendar, and I'll be happy to give you some direct. Because the tools that you use, I'll kind of as a tidbit, depend on what you're using your co-pilot for. So, a lot of people are just like, oh, I just like the interface of this tool, I like the output, but the output is dictated off of the prompt, and it having a good knowledge base and guardrail. So, that's not a really great way to measure a tool. But if you… Um, depending on what you want that tool, that co-pilot, to do for you, then the utilization of different systems is what begins to matter. So if you need some recommendations there, Um, I encourage you to schedule a call with us, and we can find the right tool that we'd recommend for you. But when you have that tool, you start to build your assistant. And then now that we have a prototype, we go on to step four, which is test and refine. So we run a silent execution test, to check accuracy of our our co-pilot, right? We want to check its safety, its tone, and its logic. Not just does it do the thing I'm… that one task that I need it to do, which is why I built this co-pilot in the first place. We want to understand that it really is a co-pilot we were meant to create. This is the same project process we use internally. Because it works. So by the end of this session, you'll kind of know exactly how to build a trustworthy, working AI co-pilot. Um, not just one that sitting in your ChatGPT, um, profile. So, a working prototype is not the finish line, right? a trustworthy AI assistant must pass inspection, your inspection. Before you let an assistant touch real workflows, it needs to prove 3 things, in my opinion. So, first thing is, of course, accuracy. Your AI should be treated like an intern on day one. So you're checking for factual accuracy. Alignment with your policies, correct interpretation of rules, appropriate tone. And then a simple test is the silent work audit. You give the assistant task. But you compare its results to what a human expert would do. And if it can't match your standard consistently, it's not ready. Second is privacy considerations. One that tends to get missed, um, quite often. And my professional opinion, privacy should not be optional. Privacy is protection for your business, your idea, and yourself. So this means knowing what data can and cannot be exposed utilizing your co-pilot. It means avoiding personally identifiable information unless your tools are compliant. Or understanding how your platform stores and processes data, just having a stronger understanding of it. Or ensuring that your assistant never reveals internal information out of context. So, if the data would require a HIPAA-level safeguard with a human involved, then your AI has to follow that same human guardrail. You don't get to bypass that guardrail. And then third to that is ethical guardrails. A reliable AI assistant knows what not to act. So you must explicitly teach your AI co-pilot to never guess. Right? You must teach it to ask for clarification when uncertain, and you should teach it how to escalate anything outside of its authority. AI becomes dangerous only when it improvises. So AI is trustworthy when it knows its limits. This inspection phase of what separates a fun prototype From a responsible, high-level business tool is really key to you being able to say whether or not you're unlocking AI within your organization. And the principle here that we kept throughout our entire cohort is even more… honest, when we look at it from the lens of real world of AI. AI does not break your systems. There's an assumption there. It reveals where your systems were already fragile. When your workflows are unclear, when decisions live in your head, when quality standards aren't documented, AI amplifies that complexity. But when your system is clear, when decisions are teachable, when outcomes are defined, AI amplifies your excellence. So this is why every step we've taken you know, the blueprint, the rules, the workflows, the testing, it's about reducing complexity before the… before we automate anything. So, AI doesn't fix chaos, remember? It scales whatever you give it. So here's where the opportunity becomes exciting. The blueprint we build for our AI co-pilot is not limited to one assistant. Once you learn how to teach AI, your decisions And once you learn to teach it your decisions, you can replicate the framework across your entire business. So, your AI can move from being a simple helper to becoming a strategic extension of your leadership. And how to evolve, right? Your co-pilot can kind of evolve into a sales assistant, That's drafting outreach, triaging leads, answering FAQs, Right? Or a support assistant categorizing tickets, escalating high-risk issues. Responding within guardrails. Operations Assistant, turning meeting notes into tasks, updating your systems, flagging bottlenecks, marketing. Right? Creating first drafts, generating content ideas. Repurposing assets. You can also identify this as an onboarding assistant, or HR assistant. Guiding new hires through that training and those SOPs. It also… one of my favorites can be a core business brain, especially for startups that are fundraising, going through due diligence, getting investor questions a lot. Right? Your structured data and decisions and rituals distilled into one scalable knowledge engine can allow those that process of startup journey to go a lot easier. So this is the moment your business is meant to shift here, where you kind of stop asking, how do I keep up, or what do I need? And you really start designing systems that help your business grow. Even when you're resting. Your AI co-pilot is meant to fill that gap as you start building those assistance from that knowledge base, those guardrails, Right? In those decision points. So, if you've been with us, You know about Maya. Maya, we utilize as kind of an example of the clients that we have here at Copper and Vine. Um, and she kind of encapsulizes what we get to do and what we get to see differently out of the work we create. So we're gonna bring back Maya, we're gonna bring her back in our moment. And the truth is, right, before any founder built an AI assistant, They tend to look exactly like this, right? Screens and tabs are everywhere. Notifications everywhere, work is happening, nothing is flowing, there's always a bottleneck and a stopping point. Tasks tend to be piling up faster than you can clear them. Right? Maya is struggling because she's… She lacks talent, she doesn't have a big team. Alright, that's what it also can look like. It might look like struggle, because you just lack a second brain. You just need a little bit more brain capacity. And all these things could help… something that could help her triage Right? Draft, summarize… prep the work that was stealing her time. At this moment, AI couldn't magically solve this for her. She had to teach AI to solve these problems. Alright, so let's walk through the steps that Mai had to take on. So, step one, right, the first mistake founders make tend to be when they're building their AI assistant, is they feed it too much. Or they feed it the wrong things. So, first, Maya's gonna start with only the assets that represent her standards. So, her real FAQs that have the real answers that she aligns with. Her real support scripts, the ones that… we did a great job on those. We really solved the problem. Her email templates, that really landed and worked well. Her SOPs that have been successful in creating results and customer notes, and customer feedbacks, and common patterns. That she wants to see replicated. She wants to see success continue to take place. In that exact way. Not every document. that is within that startup, within this existing business structure, is meant to showcase itself to our AI. We want our AI to utilize The cleanest, best, and most appropriate data. Only the ones that show how we think, how we decide, And what good and what success looks like. So the lesson here is kind of simple, right? AI can only become as strong as the examples you teach it. So your assistant learns from your real work. not your theory work. So you're going to leave your theory work to yourself. So, AI does not learn from clutter. And we've talked in some of our past sessions around what you can do as a founder to reduce clutter. AI learns from clarity, so having clarity produce you… puts you in a stronger foundation to have effective AI. So, Maya grouped her inputs into functionalities, Right? She started with purpose. Why does this asset exist? Decision points. What choice does… does I… do I consistently make? customer stage, where in the journey is this thing used in tone and voice? How does… communication take place? How do we communicate care, urgency, or boundaries? through our existing assets. So this is where raw data transformed into a structured, teachable knowledge base starts producing results. This is the universal truth. In most systems design. Order creates intelligence. So the more intentional your structure is, the smarter your AI becomes. So a great assistant doesn't come from a clever prompt, you know. Instagram and TikTok will have you assume that all you need… all you're missing is the best prompt in the world, and you'll find it one day. That's not true. Good AI assistant comes from clear rules. So, if we think about Maya, Maya's gonna build what I call a role system prompt. It's a single place Where she'll define, who the assistant is, what it handles, What it never does, When to escalate, what tone to use, How to interpret customer emotions, and what questions to ask before taking action. So this was her values, her operational standards, her judgment, distilled into instruction. Right, we talked about this in our previous weeks around the power of culture on paper. If you take the time to put it on paper, your culture will naturally weave through even an AI can pick up on your culture. So, we're not trying to make our AI clever. We're not trying to make it better than someone else's. We want to make it reliable. And reliable assistants don't guess. Reliable assistants tend to follow strong rules. So, we want to focus on mapping ideal workflows that feel honest, right? We want to… we don't want to give our AI one giant job. That's where most founders go wrong. We want… we don't want to say, like, handle customer support. Make customer support awesome. answer every email that comes through this email. Um, with a answer from us. Right? And because what that tends to do is you're just gonna feel disappointed when the output is messy. So, we want to do the opposite. When we look at Maya, Maya's gonna… she… we're gonna break support into predictable, micro flows. So we want to focus on intake, Then we want to categorize. Then we draft, then we review. So, we're gonna give our assistant a sequence. Not a wish. So by mapping workflows, we're going to ensure that AI knows what step comes next. We're gonna ensure that Um, we, as the human, can review work, at the right checkpoints before it moves on. We want to create quality gates, that will continue to exist at all times. And we want to make sure that nothing slips through the cracks. So, the AI is not meant to replace that workflow, right? It's meant to run the workflow that you design on behalf of your business. And that's how you're going to kind of move into a hyper level of intelligence. So, once we have our clear workflows, now we need to bridge. We need to create a AI bridge, a way to connect. to the tools that we're already using. So, Maya's gonna link her assistant to her CRM. Her inbox, her task board, she's gonna use Asana and ClickUp. Her knowledge base, that's out of her notion, and she's going to connect her support inbox. You can kind of, based off of that, assume what kind of AI assistance she's making. So, we're not focused on complement… complicated engineering here. We just took the effective steps we need to take to get to this point. But through simple integrations that allow AI to read what it needed to read and draft, what she wanted. The goal wasn't to replace tools. It was to remove manual transfers between them. And once everything was connected, her assistant stopped being an experiment, right, our AI stopped just being things that we like to play with from time to time. But they start becoming real partners. Right, so we want to move from now my… co-pilot is here, to my co-pilot can execute, not just help me. Okay, and then from there, we focus on guardrails. So this is where we ensure our AI is trustworthy, before it ever becomes scalable. So, because a powerful assistant, is powerful. Without boundaries, it's liable, right? There's a lot of liability there. So, we want to train our co-pilot on whatever to do, and then help it understand what it can't. So, guardrails include things like ask clarifying questions if unclear. That's one, um, guardrail prompt. Or another one could be, never guess numbers. or make financial promises, or flag anything sensitive. or mirror… mirror approved tone and style only. do nothing else beyond this tone and style. These guardrails act like bumpers, kind of in a bowling lane. So it's not… it's not restricting the AI, but it's keeping it safe, it's keeping it predictable, and it's aligning it to standards. And this is what the difference between AI that works and an AI you can trust is. Right. So the… this moment of creating… we just walked through the steps of what it looks like to begin the journey of creating your AI co-pilot. And that matter… that moment matters more than anything because, you know, when we think about Maya, And her going through those steps, We really want to think about the fact that Maya handed real work over to her assistant. Not experimented prompts, not things we gotta copy and paste and move over and over and back and forth. Not playground tasks, but real responsibility with clear boundaries, a step-by-step workflow, and a defined outcome. And when we identify that, we get to notice what happens differently from there. Usually, we're not giving the AI the hardest work, but we're giving it the repeatable work. That's the shift that usually happens. So, preparing summaries, drafting emails, categorizing issues, generating first versions, Turning SOP steps into action items. Those are the… that's repeatable work that we now no longer do. And these are the tasks that tend to eat away at founders. Every day. Not because they're difficult, but because they're constant, so you always have it to do. And delegating Right, it's really, really hard to delegate your magic. But it's really easy to delegate maintenance. So that's how we get to reclaim our time. Sometimes AI can make us feel like we're meant to delegate magic, Let's try delegating our maintenance. So, from there, we get to look at what on the other side of this work looks like through Maya. So, Maya here, same founder. Same product, same mission, But what changed was her operating system. She now has a co-pilot that drafts before she thinks. a workflow that runs the same way every time, in a way that she would want to see it done. A support process that never loses context, a knowledge base, That improves every week. Right? As we create output, it… it fuels our knowledge base. And guardrails that protect our customers and advance our brand. Now, the biggest shift that we tend to see at this point here is you know, the founder is no longer the system. The founder moves and becomes the architect of the system. Which advances a business. Right? AI begins to become the executor. And you start seeing workflows connect with one another, rather than being siloed. So, Maya's workflows are connected, her AI is executing, her quality gates are protected. Her time has been expanded, This is the exact transformation that an AI co-pilot is meant to create. Where you're gonna stop doing the work and start designing how the work gets done. So when your business stops growing by effort, what gets to happen is it starts growing by intelligence. So everything we covered today becomes real when you put it into motion. So now that you understand the architecture behind a trustworthy AI assistant, it's time to really turn the insight into implementation. So, your homework is simple this week, and it's powerful, in my opinion. You're gonna gather your real inputs. You're gonna gather the FAQs you love, gather the email templates that work, the SOPs that align, the one small workflow that you need support on. That's your homework today, those are your action items. FAQ, email, SOP, and that workflow that you would really love to see AI tackle. And we're not focused on hypothetical exercises, we're really thinking about your existing business growth structure, what you're tackling day-to-day now. These are the ingredients that your co-pilot will actually learn from. And then you get to remember that AI doesn't learn from your ideas. It learns from your examples. So that gets to also be a part of your journey. Awesome. So, do the homework, um, feel free to bring the pieces to the next session, And I look forward to helping you kind of assemble your working prototype. So to close today, I want to anchor And the four truths that matter most as you build your co-pilot. AI doesn't replace you, it scales your best decisions. Your judgment becomes teachable, your patterns become reusable. Structure beats speed. Clarity is foundation, so if your workflows are unclear, your assistant will be unclear. And then good prompts are built on good systems. A prompt is not magic, it's a mirror. It reflects how well your work is organized. So, automate through… and finally is automate the repeatable, humanize the relational. So, AI should lift the weight, not replace the connection. So these principles are really the backbone of a responsible AI-enabled business. And when you honor them, your co-pilot becomes an accelerator, which is what we like to see. So if today's workshop opened your eyes to what's possible, and you want deeper support building an operational backbone, Your AI assistant or your integrated business stack, Here's how we can help. Copper and Vine is a strategy and systems design studio. We work across government, tech, digital health, and high-growth startups to build infrastructure that scales responsibly. And our work is founder-centered, outcome-driven, and compliance-first. If you are ready for hands-on help building your co-pilot or your entire operating system, or your product. Just scan the QR code, and I'd love to walk you through and be a support in any way. So next week, we take everything you've built today, and we get to expand upon it. We're gonna move from assistant to infrastructure. In week 11, we'll walk through building your AI business stack. Choosing those tools that integrate with your systems. So you're going to learn which tools actually work together, how to avoid fragmented tech, how to evaluate AI native versus AI-enhanced platforms. How to create a stack that grows with your company, not against it. So this is where your co-pilot stops being a standalone tool and starts becoming a part of your operational engine. So don't skip next week! It's a session that I think is really meant to shape every system you build going forward. And as always, I want to leave you with my favorite truth. You have permission to lead a big idea. You have permission to build systems that support your brilliance, that don't drain you. You have permission to grow in a way that is ethical, that is human, that is sustainable, and in alignment with your values. Scaling isn't about becoming someone new. It's about building an infrastructure strong enough to carry the person and vision you already are. So you're allowed to build something extraordinary, and I look forward to being a resource to help you do that. Thank you so much for your presence, your curiosity. Thanks for your commitment to building. You showed up for yourself today on behalf of this Founders Challenge, and going into the new year. I'm really proud of you for your vision, and for the people you plan to impact. Until next week! Go build with intention, go delegate with confidence, and most of all, go be great. I'll talk to you soon. Have a great day. Thanks so much.

- Startup Ecosystems and Communities: Navigating the Highs and Lows | Founders Korner: Kind: captions Language: en foreign everybody welcome back to Founders Corner today I have Amara and she is a big believer in community and ecosystem and I just had to have her on the podcast so we can talk about what it's like to be a Founder first of all and then secondly how you can get involved with the ecosystem and what the faults of ecosystems are and what the good things are so welcome thank you very excited to have this conversation with you myself as well because you and I have had I think two or three conversations now where both of us have gotten so passionate yeah when we talk about community so I was like this is going to be a good conversation absolutely yeah so why don't you give us a little background on who you are why you're where you are just give us your brief overview brief overview do we want one Pages or do we want the book all right let's do one page and then expand on the books sure um I am the elected CEO of ecvc it's a tech startup scale up uh somewhat of a hybrid we're uniquely positioned right now and it's an investment community that really reduces the friction between Founders looking to raise Capital with a network of serious and vetted investors um Founders always have troubles with raising Capital not knowing where to go where to be in the right places where investors are and and navigating that whole raising Capital Journey right and so we uh we really address that and support them along along the way cool and how did you get into that so interesting enough I actually was on the pre-med Journey wow yes yeah okay that's different I've honestly never heard of that one it is um I want to be a doctor since I was eight I started off in engineering at at the local pressure from parents uh my parents are immigrants so that my pressure was engineering or engineering calendar yeah no no but I'm saying it yeah yeah it's just standard stuff right yeah um kind of it was a little bit of pressure but um the time commitment that being a doctor it's really intimidating 10 to 15 years depending on your specialty yes um and heads down knows in the books that was so anyway we we did engineering my brain's not wired that way yeah so switched into into pre-med and I was dead set on it but where I started questioning that path was do I want to make my impact my mark impacting three to 500 patients here one-on-one right uh you know metaphorically putting that Band-Aid on that that uh that boo-boo if you will it wasn't enough it wasn't hitting the spot for me and so I had the opportunity to work at Canadian wealth right another company of ecbc Business Solutions provider helps establish businesses as well as startups and that was my foray into the business and entrepreneurial world and it was just it was jumping off huge light bulb moments um this is where millions of lives get touched yes 100 space and I it took me a while to transition a few tears were dropped yeah oh 100 but you're lucky it was only a huge tears patch there quarter life crisis but it worked out I'm here now I'm so thankful to have this opportunity and to be working with such amazing set of people and skills and Minds so it's actually interesting um you say uh six months and you went between how many up and downs it there were a lot there were a lot it was focused it was conscious up and downs by the way it was and I'm just gonna let you know whatever happened to me happen um it was you can't especially with such a pivot it was 180 degrees at the pivot right so very focused I was like I I need to be okay with the decision pivot I'm making here um otherwise I'll never be happy with myself so when you were when you were building out that six months yeah um I mean I'll tell you my honest like how I felt when I was in my first time well it wasn't a pivot per se it was just like when I first started I mean you feel very alone right and you genuinely I don't know why this is a thing in every like almost every founder I've talked to this is what you get on a regular basis it's I feel this you know and and it's it's very like lonely it's very like by yourself like no one else is feeling this way I'm feeling this way and you know it's funny you look at like social media right and people are faking being on a private plane just to portray that thing and we see um and entrepreneurs they follow different kind of accounts and the accounts we follow are the like you know I'm an entrepreneur I did this and I made six figures and I did this right and we watched these videos and we're like why am I not there why am I not feeling that yeah right and we feel very lonely in that sense and when you and I were talking I loved what you were trying to build write an ecosystem in which entrepreneurs don't have to feel alone right so tell me what brought you into that mindset working with Founders in established business owners really made me first of all I was down in the mud with them yes I was knee-deep in whatever they were trying to achieve either launching or just trying to break the ceiling of stagnancy that they were facing and seeing how disjointed and waywardly supportive that the ecosystem could be to these individuals was uh really unfortunate because there's very well-meaning individuals in the space that want to support and help but it's hard to find them right um either they don't want to put themselves out there because they already have their own portfolio or or um clients that they're hands on with busy with or they're uh they're just not making enough noise right and so for me seeing that how can I be a part of the change how can I be part of the support um to actually have genuine individuals at the Forefront trying to make that difference and GAP those those questions to the answers that they're looking for in a way that actually forwardly moves the business owners and the founders because there's a lot of noise I love that you said that it's it's it's being very proactive about what can help you move forward yes rather than trying to address okay so I believe that the ecosystem it it it's kind of like the washing machine by the way now you're gonna get the real version here we go I'm excited buckle up all right let's go so the ecosystem it's there are places in peace that are that need to be there yes um you got to keep the founders engaged with their their project as well as with the ecosystem and the community and the community um because again that lowliness uh just having that support as well that other people are doing what you're doing at least so I agree that's that's the best case scenario what you're expressing yes I haven't seen a community that works that well like that no well yeah we were talking about that offline there's micro communities migration systems that organizations or organizations have built around themselves and it's not um not bleeding into the overall of the ecosystem which is a major problem what have you noticed in the space that could be done better so I I actually love that question and the reason I love that question is because I've seen so many different communities do so many different things um so there's obviously the community like funded by the city um you know bring as much Tech as you possibly can to the city and bring talent to the city so that the ecosystem of startups grows that to me is a long-term plan uh because it'll take years to attract because what they have to do is they have to bring in the big guys the big guys bring the talent right assuming right and they bring the talent and then when the talent is here they might click with someone else and the business ecosystem and then they might eventually like do a spin-off of their own business okay so you're talking three five years when you bring someone yeah our company the problem is is that they give incentives to those companies to come yes right and essentially when they come in they are quite literally stealing from the current ecosystem so I'm a startup I have five developers I may not be in a situation where I can really afford all of them I need to keep them excited right Vision the plan the excitement you have a business stock options but a business comes and they do Mass hiring and all of a sudden those developers value is now tremendously higher right because they could theoretically drop your the being a startup with you and go work for 120 hundred fifty thousand dollars so are you really helping startups no not definitely not in the near term maybe in the long term right secondly I think environment is a huge part of an ecosystem for each City right Austin why is that thriving right it's an ecosystem of like you want to be in that City it's an exciting City it's warm City it's uh it's a city where uh you know there's a higher middle class so it's a beautiful city where it's clean um it's low traffic right if you compare all those environments that becomes super exciting for Tech workers to go there and start seeking out work right so there's that approach not that one you can't really control right and then the third one is having a really strong ecosystem okay and that goes back to Seattle San Francisco Boston New York right where you're talking about having an ecosystem so strong that I don't care how expensive the city is and how bad the city is and how gross the city is San Francisco I don't care about the environment New York it's cold there like I mean not a school right here but not as cold as here but it does get cold right but you go to New York because there's so much opportunities there inside the ecosystem right but those are years in the building right so I think I think having a mesh of all those things right where instead of having the city Focus heavily on incentivizing big big tech companies to come here incentivizing the actual startups right and trying to grow I know Calgary for example they did an incentive program where they were giving out I think it was like a f uh I think a couple million for sure like above 10 million I don't know what the exact amount was but it was designed about around how are you going to bring jobs to the City of Calgary and I will give you money to support that effort the problem is is it kind of got political and that's the other problem with City and municipality right when you're dealing with city government you're also dealing with politics so for example I'm not going to name names this company got a million dollars from the City of Calgary to start something up and the best they can show for is they brought uh you know people from India interesting supplemented San Francisco's capacity requirements okay so it did nothing for Calgary aside from bringing more tax generated revenue for the city and in what way because Calgary is not getting the payroll taxes so anyways the point is is I don't know what that looks like yeah but I can honestly tell you I haven't seen one that works well aside from the big ones right that's my biggest thing is like when you're building an ecosystem especially with communities you're almost telling startups like I'm not even going to look at you you don't even matter until you matter that is resounding within the ecosystem and so that was that was where I want to actually go back to was that's what they're told yeah and it's a washing machine of just get an ecosystem fail your first business or go through all the incubators and acceleries that you come to our events come to our events learn because we need seats in the you know that's the only way we can justify it right and go through all of that and then maybe when you're ready right maybe when you're ready you can either start your own business or now your second business second startup or you're still on your first and you're still here great now you're almost worth looking at yes but then there comes the metrics there comes the uh who do you know as well like VCS only want to communicate with startups that are warmly introduced to them warmly introduced or second time Founders or second time Founders or they have amazing successful successful second time founder is that what you found because I heard even even if you failed your first they might if you have a really good product and good timing Fair um and you got a good team behind you and they like the team then yes but successful ones they won't even blink an eye if you have an idea and you've been a successful exit like I'm talking a successful like 100 up 100 Mil up right they'll write you a check they'll write you a joke pretty quickly yeah like you they'll be fighting for your deal yeah yeah but that's exactly it is we have this current ecosystem that's not I don't want to call it ecosystem and the these are the mechanisms mechanisms that are currently at play and it's just not working because we don't have enough value we don't have enough Tech Founders we don't have enough uh people there's lots of ideas ideas are not completely spoken for we have enough money as well yeah enough enough money but it's the volume of people that we don't have right being Canada but now also we're not as far along as Toronto um and so what can we do about that let's not go there oh my God the money flow that happens in States um it's contradictory to everything you just said there's so much money and there's so much Founders and the revolving door that it is down there and it's funny because every time we meet a startup here like in Canada we'll talk to them and we'll say what are you doing here go to the states you encourage them to go to the city I encourage them to go to the states we went to the states right um I'll tell you my very first experience okay so our very first experience we were trying to raise money okay I could not raise a dime for the life of me thank you oh wow yeah because we were at MVP stage right um we were just starting to sell it right we didn't have the the metrics to show for the team is inexperienced in their minds right um we had grits apparently no one measures that though but like you know what I mean um and so uh we tried raising here we raised with family and friends I raised 200k Canadian okay with family and friends that's impressive that's great it's a good start it's a great start except when I went to Austin one time and I went to one event and I told him about the product they were literally like so why you and I explained why me right and they were like yeah I would probably have started you off with 300K with one investor one angel investor right they're willing to take risks significantly more down in the states absolutely than they are here and let me explain why and there's I've built a formula around why they do it okay let's hear it there is significantly more money flow that happens in the states than it does in Canada okay a Canadian investor on average will get a return in nine years if they get a return yeah seven to ten years seven to ten years right and I'll go with the pessimistic view of nine years okay in the U.S it's three to five years right so think about that I invest 100k with you in the states I will probably get my money in return let's be honest they play the money uh the the probability game right they invest in 10 they're hoping one six of them will die four of them or three of them will be zombies one will actually work they do yeah yeah so they'll look at it and say okay if you hit you're gonna hit in three to five years for me so a hit is usually 15 times 20 times your money back right so because they're dealing with much larger volumes right so uh an American investor let's say three years and nine years for Canadians gets their return three times before a Canadian gets his one so you can't blame the Canadian investor for being so conservative Founders need to hear that I know and I tell every founder that right because they're like sitting there going why does Canadian investors not give me money why are they giving me 100 200 300K should I be moving down should I move yeah yes if your goal is to scale and grow that fast yes you should be moving mountains and States what are you doing here the investor cannot look at you in that perspective of I will get my return in three years that's not possible that's just not what statistics have told them right so when you deal with angels angels are the worst like that's why Canadian Angels they only put in like 50K because they have to diversify their money right so an American will have 300K to dedicate because in three years it's either burnt or they've made their money back so they have a lot more money to work with and a Canadian investor is waiting still in that nine-year term hoping to God one of them will hit it's a way longer timeline well yeah yeah I'm being you know optimistic pessimistic right but that's the challenge I think with Canadians versus the Americans is is just more people down there more deals to be had down there so and they've been doing it for longer and there's just more money flow and I think the key is money flow money flow the money isn't flowing in Canada as much as we'd like it to but it is it's sitting there it is sitting there it's just on ice and they're waiting they're concerned they're conservative as well so I call it stale money in Canada still money has gotten better but Toronto is trying to be New York like they they try too hard to be New York what is too hard mean so like I don't know have you ever you've been to Toronto right uh I love not for business okay I love Toronto Toronto is one of my favorite cities um would I move there absolutely not but I love the city and Toronto is the closest thing you're gonna get to in New York and Canada that's true so the problem is oh you got all the banks there it becomes its Canadian Wall Street yeah whatever but they start acting like New Yorkers oh have they I okay you know what I'm saying so they're kind of like you know play big but they don't actually play Big so they'll you know like for example in New York I've we've dealt with startups in New York that can easily get a million dollars if you're in the financial sector of uh of a startup they get excited like yeah fintech like that New Yorkers are like very excited about that so they'll throw like a million dollars at it right whereas a Canadian they'll be like I'm flexing right now here's 200k you're welcome you know what I mean to them 200k is big money right right so they try too hard to compete against like a city like New York whereas in my opinion they just need to build their own little niche thing because we have plenty of Canadian businesses that are successful yeah it's another conversation isn't it and we're very good at being bootstrap in Canada we are because of the money flow yeah the I'm gonna always come back to Money Flow money flow again it's it's there it's just I think so the big money the institutional money they they're looking to see for more talent for the talent to develop for the maturity to develop because the business maturity isn't quite where it needs to be for for any of these businesses to get that amount of money yeah right when we have these skip the dishes Founders going back into Neo and doing what they're doing it's it's the money is there clearly yes right the support is there but uh the support that the founders need as first-time Founders as they're going through their first Enterprises um it's lacking yeah I was gonna say non-existent non-existent and it's not because of the community's fault to be honest with you most entrepreneurs do feel alone just because they're alone that's that's the game that we're playing yeah so the question is like how do you get entrepreneurs to get feeling comfortable to get into those communities what have you seen work like I'm pessimistic because like I come from a pessimistic perspective sure yeah um because I was one of them um yeah it's it's again I I will always tell this to anybody I talk to when we do our workshops you wear our workshops yes how on how brutally honest was I I it's a lonely work line of work it's a struggle there's a ton more Winters than you would get on a normal basis like in in terms of life right um your Peaks and values are incredibly fast where you're like oh my God I'm so excited a month later that's ruined I was gonna say a day later a day later right so what do you suggest like as a Founder first time founder what do you think is the first step they need to take to get involved in the community properly so for first time founders as much as I didn't like when other people said this it's it holds true still which is get engaged with the the ecosystem the community you should attend those events yeah you should go to maybe an incubator accelerator but the caveat is do some asking around do your research as to which ones are actually valuable oh my god um now I went to one event I have I'm sorry I have to tell this story I went to an event it was three big guys um that were involved um and it was supposed to be about UI ux okay and product design right okay so I you've been to my workshop I'm all about giving value to me Sally first yeah to me you come to the workshop you walk away with something like I that's my desire is that you walk away as a Founder with something to like work on develop whatever it is so I go into this event first of all everybody's closed off no one's talking to nobody right technical people for you I don't know but this is design right so my assumption is like you know creative yeah creative Founders whatever okay so they're sitting there and they're talking about their role and what the importance of design is that was the point of the workshop or the or not the workshop sorry the the seminar whatever you want to call it I walk in we sit down and I'm excited I'm excited to see what their perspective is instead of talking to me about their perspective they just talked about their job I can honestly tell you I walked I I got off and left in like uh within 10 15 minutes right there was Zero value because again this was this was put on by a community that's supposed to help start up okay again I don't want to mention names but it was that was the point they brought on these guys to help them and guide them that's the title of the of the event is to help you understand what product design is yeah and they just walked in and they're like yeah we have a team of 50 designers you're not helpful to me whatsoever you have no value to give to me you're not talking about a startup you're talking about a big company right I'm not even there do you think I can hire 50 designers you have zero value to me and I think that's what happens is they they bring on these big companies because they have reputation those reputations are not good thing I'd rather bring three guys that have failed and to talk about their failure of of of the product design and what caused it sorry that was just my side rant that's the exact thing is how do you navigate all these events all these initiatives that are happening in the ecosystem and align it with the industry that you're in first and foremost where you're trying to be and if they're relevant to you at all now some organizations that you constantly are putting out events so maybe do you know a little DD what's their track record uh what kind of events have they held in the past and is it relevant to you Shameless plug we do that Workshop every month all right virtually so great yeah you can talk you can talk yeah you could talk about it you were at the event was that good I I appreciate it because there was a lot of um a lot of question marks in the room as people and it gave them a proper dose of what to expect good that's that was the point of it so perfect I'm happy with that all right that was my take Shameless plugs and so that can be a little bit tough for startups to navigate the the second thing I would recommend is getting a mentor if you can it's not easy especially with the volume the volume volume that we have in in the city so what would you suggest as like a Founder um that that wants to find a mentor because I don't think it's easy to find a mentor like I to this day am like looking for a mentor but it's like you almost have you have to respect them as well yes and for my mentality it's kind of funny my clients always tell me I don't act like a typical Canadian because I'm very like like gun hole like I I don't you know what I mean like I'm I'm too honest is what they say some people appreciate that I know thank you yeah maybe you're like sneaky not not like you know what I mean passive aggressive aggressive yeah like uh so they kind of come they kind of consider me a little bit more American because I'm also like very like gun ho like I don't mince words known actually probably a little too much but but like one thing I do is I'm always out there and I'm like working 10 hours 12 hours okay great Canadians do not do that in typical Canadians um and I push my team very hard whereas like I know like I've worked with other startups and they really really don't like it's all it's very like I don't know a work-life balance and I appreciate that I'm with it you can't have work life balance in a star right now I'm looking for one to two other people and it's it's supposed to be quite the challenge because it's a balance of skill set and background understanding and knowledge we want something that's already been in the ecosystem seen a bit of that the learning curve is steep nonetheless but um what are you looking for in your founder this is so sidetracked right now no that's right I like it we're looking for so we're unique because we're going to be able to write checks for our staff very soon we've for opening and financing rounds um checks will be written at least you know by second startups are found employees yeah the employees to me as the founders well I'm not getting paid yeah yeah and I don't even know what getting paid apples um so we're looking for the typical Runway right for startups to even get paid is a year to two years 18 months on average yeah and so we're telling the co-founders that we're looking for look it's not the typical it's kind of a hybrid between a startup and a scale-up because it's been established and that's kind of a backstory um but we're we're spinning off from the mother company as our own living breathing entity okay and so this is where that hybrid comes in product Market fit has been validated we have current users right everything is set up the tech is there it's fully functional we just need to sell get out there go wide gotcha um and so we're telling these co-founders that but it's like sharks in water that smell blood yeah yeah um oh I don't have to experience the one to two year of not getting a check I can get money very soon sign me up and that's not the foundation we want to build our co-founding team on do you want to be here do you want to be vested in this space and actually contribute to the other startups that are making their Mark and making their impact yeah right totally and so it's been hard to sift through that um the the noise of I'm hungry to be here either for the money or for the right reasons and so uh I always say uh higher slow fire quickly yes I heard you um you were talking about mentorships mentorship so I I I'm really big on mentorships because absolutely I would I don't know I don't know how to approach them okay so I can say so yeah like as if you're helping me right now because I'm genuinely um when it comes to me and I think a lot of Founders feel this way yeah is we don't think we're special are you sure I appreciate you saying that but look well I'm not saying that about you no no but like I don't feel like I'm anything special that I can just go and reach out to like there's okay there's there's the guys I called uh you know whatever there's those guys that are very comfortable with rejection I'm not I know it's just me personally bit of an ego we're in the same boat I don't know I don't know if I have ego I I have lack of ego I would say because if if I had ego I would have the confidence to go do it if you had ego you wouldn't want to hurt it oh good point maybe I have a little ego it's a reverse yeah so how would you how would you approach it so I've actually asked this question there's a vc101 workshop that happened last week Thursday and Ash from Patrick lore was hosting it actually by Omi she organized it um and I asked him a similar question how would you approach uh not necessarily mentors but investors and build that relationship and in this industry it's all about building relationships whether you're a Founder investor a facilitator right and what I've been collecting this is my Tally sheet if you will is do not approach investors or someone that is further along where you want to be with you're so knowledgeable you have all this experience tell me what you know that's that's not the bottom line don't approach with that okay lead with I know something about my space and my industry how can I help you do your job better what can I bring to the table and what how can I bring value thought of it that way and it's when you think about that way it's well that's just that's no Short Selling yeah yeah that's that's literally true yeah it's that simple and I myself have a mentor um he's he's been amazing Alex has been great um he's really shown me the ropes about being a CEO in the Venture Capital space um etc etc and for him he says the same thing and it's not just what can I get out of you right you've really got to get that mindset out it's how can I add value to your life and what you do that's so interesting I've never thought of it and when you switch that mindset you're like do I have much to show so one of the guys I really respect and love and he's actually Canadian uh is Dan Martell okay have you ever heard of him no sorry um no that's okay um he's very niche in what he does um his videos are unbelievable I would say my entire model of content and things like that is based on him okay uh I've taken his course [Music] he's incredible like that's probably one guy I would say I respect and in that respect I would love for him to be my mentor right but he charges for like coaching and he does this stuff and I'm kind of sitting there going like to your point how can I possibly add value to this guy yes who's you know they're probably maybe some value I can probably help with but otherwise like how like he's he's set like is it like you know what I mean yeah how would you approach something like that like um that's a really bad example because he's famous so it doesn't help yeah because yeah I'm sure like he gets approached on a regular basis um but but yeah like how do you how do you suggest that because there's there's guys that I can think of that I would approach to talk to right but I wouldn't say they like thinking about them makes me think I want to push myself to be as good as them they're not as motivating as you yeah and I feel like that's what a mentor should be it's like a guidance it's it's your Yoda right I want to be Yoda and I want to listen to Yoda yes whereas like there's a lot of guys where I'm like yeah um you just don't excite me that way yeah that's I think that's hard because are you in the same spaces that they're in right and how much overlap is there and the other thing so I do want to speak to the founder still um which is you could either pay for course pay for courses or pay for for coaching for an hour and they'll charge you five thousand ten thousand an hour depending how oh my god well known they are um that would be devastating it's it it does get pricey I agree with you like especially like little bigger courses like famous ones you're paying for the name yeah no but this literally you can find it online it's really a well-known coach um and he's yeah that actually charges five grand an hour you have to be doing well to get that yeah yeah he's probably more of a strategist than a coach because why the hell would I pay that much for a coach I'm sorry strategy versus Mentor that's the thing though are you a strategist because you actually have something that's slightly different you can see you can visualize it you can visualize or are you have you just failed so many times I know exactly what not to do exactly and it's a fine line right because that's the difference between a strategist and a coach that's what I'm saying good points that's actually a very good what if you have a strategist has to see it a coach has experienced it that's actually a very good and so what does is your business an e-com and you can get a coach in that case but is is your business model so unique and you need to scale to the point where I need eyes I need Vision I need an ego to to be advising me then you get a strategist I love that that's actually a really good approach major difference yeah major difference huge Vision I would say for the strategist in my opinion worth the five grand yes coach maybe a couple hundred an hour I would not go beyond that yeah I would need really good insights you could just go little enough and then you could find the same advice honestly yeah that's but corporate strategist that's why they're not really in the startup space is because they get enough bills to be working in corporate yeah they're getting paid very well compensated very well but so founder mentality is don't go in just like wanting to extract information and then not apply it at all either that is the worst thing for a mentor not a coach a mentor to get is I'm giving you all this advice all this knowledge my personal experiences and time and time time is critical and you're not taking notes which is always odd I've again Alex is a mentor um of sorts and a coach as well and a strategist like a legitimate one by the way and I gotta made this Alex you you have to you really should um and he's had people where they don't take notes it's like where where's that information going you're actually he's you're paying for the session and it's uh you're paying for the session and you're not taking notes where is it going I and he gives them homework right a good Mentor will give you something to take back with and is looking forward to see your development in that 100 in that piece they have a they have a an emotional connection with you right they want to know who you are what's your life story and that's where they get fulfilled I think that's the cell is is you finding someone being like look here's my situation being totally honest here's my situation here's why I love what you do yeah because you have to do your research you can't just go in there and be like I want a mentor and just go name drop no you have to have a purpose um and I think with it going look I would love to provide you value here's what I'm really good at um otherwise I was would love to just and see if you would be willing to meet with me once a month as a mentor yeah and you'd be surprised how many people would say yes I don't know because I don't do it but but again good things about that right yeah yeah displaying that you or at least having a track record where you've taken you've had failures in your life and you've over overcome them and you've surpassed your expectations is a key indicator for for coach coaches mentors as well so I love that I'm gonna I'm gonna put a pin on them okay because I I actually love that topic okay and I think that's going to be our next topic sure and next time let's get Alex in oh wow what I'm gonna promise to everybody okay to all my Founders is I'm going to go between me and you meeting again for this podcast all right I'm going to go and find myself a mentor wow oh I'm gonna commit to that okay I love what you said I love it I think what you have said is it is true I've always thought about the mentor thing I've always been scared ego or not ego I don't care what it is but I've just been hesitant I'm gonna take that commitment after today I'm gonna do it so I'm gonna find uh I'm gonna find a mentor and then you me and Alex are gonna have to sit down and I'm gonna tell you about about my experience of finding a mental okay and how it was okay so that'll be a good conversation that will be okay Alex has a lot to say about the space and what he does too and I love it I promise I won't go after Alex well you might you might all right okay thank you so much for being here thank you for talking to us about community and how to get engaged um yeah like we went on a tangent yeah um I appreciate everything you have to say um I think you have a really nice Insider uh look as to what a Founder feels and you have the other aspect of getting involved with the community and things like that so that I really appreciate everything you said today um and thank you for being here thank you for having me of course for all the founders that are wanting to raise Capital yes let's go easy VC yeah um come to me we can talk about what that looks like as well as how you need to be supported again raising calculator that's my email address that you want anyone to message you on that's terrifying okay but sure let's do it you know I like to say our viewership is high but it really isn't like we're doing decent you know what I'm talking about thousand people coming okay you know I'll give you the benefits now if you're hungry enough to to email you that's directly I appreciate that so it's amera a-m-a-r-a at easy VC the letters.org perfect um thank you and uh to everybody else uh at Founders corner thank you all for being here for another amazing episode um if you have any questions or comments please let us know down below um otherwise subscribe there's more episodes coming especially with me and Amira we're going to be talking about how I'm going to engage with a uh with a lovely uh mentor of some sort so I'm gonna take the plunge and do it so uh stay tuned see what happens all right I'm excited to see what happens all right guys thank you so much for your time and uh we'll see you next time quarter out

- Joe Fasone: Pilot Founder By Day, EMT By Night | Forbes: Kind: captions Language: en I knew that if I was going to college and it wasn't to be a doctor I probably didn't need to go and I didn't want to walk away with all the debt and what we were building was really exciting and I said if this is what it takes to really give it all you know to company I'd rather do that honestly and I just felt it was a better use of my time my name is Joao pessoa and the founder and CEO pilot and I'm 23 years old we are a better fiber optic internet provider for businesses across New York Philly DC and Boston I spent four years as the head of IT at we work and so I was building out fibre to all their buildings around the world and I found this white space between the small business internet providers and the enterprise providers typically used by banks and hospitals and I felt no one was really addressing the needs of an innovative company I think the aha moment was realizing how big the market opportunity was as we you know expanded our business from new york to SF to London to Tel Aviv I thought this was a problem around the world and I wanted to solve it I think first and foremost we built the entire business from the ground up thinking how do we reinvent this experience and we knew to do that we'd have to kind of be vertically integrated all the way up so everything we do is all pilot employees focused on that subscriber experience from construction to network design to installation to the end service experience when you call our support center [Music] well over the course of a summer in 2010 I took out an office at the first we work location and a couple of members were having issues with their Wi-Fi and printing and all that stuff I just started helping out more and more and at the time you know their IT person had taken a trip to Brazil and ended up staying there and Adam and Miguel said hey Josephine do you want to help us that's what it was at first it's just our IT guy and then one building became two and two became 10 and the rest is history because I had gone back to school after the summer and I was juggling both things simultaneously and we really started to ramp up our kind of building pipeline and I knew it wouldn't be feasible to really keep doing though that's why I think I ended up making the decision in January of 2011 still in my life I look you know five years forward and I think to myself oh what do I want to be when I grow up and when I made the decision I knew that nothing is irreversible and if I want to go back to school I can find a way to make that happen I just thought I have the chance to be a part of a really exciting opportunity and that's what I want to do

  Top Comments:
  1. @am-youtube-am [3 likes]: "Pilot uses the unused fiber optic cables already under a city, and has already raised has raised $32.3M" ... You guys have made an error in this sentence. Remove "has raised"
  2. @rokiaatia7517: Not encourage leave school 😁

- This startup uses augmented reality to train fighter pilots: Kind: captions Language: en >>> I AM STANDING INSIDE THE AIRPORT HANG GAR OF RED SIX. THEY ARE USING AR TO TRAIN FIGHTER PILOTS IT'S ALREADY WORKING WITH THE AIR FORCE TO BEGIN DELIVERING THE PRODUCT BY YEAR'S END. WHAT IS THE TECH EXACTLY HEADSETS THAT INTEGRATE WITH THE COCKPIT TO CREATE AN AUGUST WANTED REALITY EXPERIENCE USING FEWER AIRCRAFT AND THUS, CUTTING COSTS DRAMATICALLY >> THE AIRPLANES YOU SEE SITTING BEHIND ME ARE THE TEST PLATFORMS. THINK OF THEM AS MOBILE AUGMENTED REALITY FLYING LABS. WE'VE DEVELOPED THE WORLD'S FIRST TRULY OUTDOOR CAPABILITY IN THE SKY 300 MILES PER HOUR PULLING Gs GOING UPSIDE DOWN THAT'S EXCITING. IT USHERS IN A NEW PARADIGM IN TRAINING IN TERMS OF WHAT'S POSSIBLE >> ALL RIGHT THAT'S DAN RBOBINSON, THE CO-FOUNDER THIS IS THE PILOT PERSPECTIVE WHEN WEARING THE HEADSET THIS IS ROBINSON FLYING USING THIS PLATFORM. HERE'S WHAT HE'S SEEING. THIS IS AN AIRCRAFT SUPER IMPOSED ON HIS SURROUNDING TO INTERACT WITH AND RESPOND TO AS HE DOES SO, THE UNDERLYING ALGORITHM LEARNS FROM HIM. RIGHT NOW THE FOCUS IS THE ACTUAL TRAINING PROCESS, BUT THE APPLICATIONS ARE GOING TO EXPAND THINK THE POSSIBILITY OF EVEN BIO METRICS AND READING PHYSICAL REACTIONS. THESE ARE DATA POINTS THAT COULD HELP WITH SCREENING FUTURE PILOTS AS WELL >> IT'S A DATA SET THAT'S GOING TO INFORM A FUNDAMENTAL SHIFT IN WHERE WE FIND PEOPLE >> THIS IS FASCINATING YOU'RE TRAINING BUT ALSO CREATING A DATA SET THAT WOULD ENABLE MORE RECRUITING? >> ULTIMATELY DOWN TO RECRUITING AT A FUNDAMENTAL LEVEL AND OTHER THINGS SUCH AS ANALYSIS OF IF YOU HAVE A PARTICULAR MISSION. YOU REMEMBER THE MOVE MONEY BALL >> YEAH. >> THINK ABOUT IT LIKE THAT. THOSE ARE THE FOUR BEST FIGHTER PILOTS ACTUALLY, DOESN'T DATA SUPPORT THAT FOR MISSION SET MAYBE IT'S JOEY IN THE CORNER THAT WE DIDN'T THINK ABOUT >> THERE ARE FUTURE COMMERCIAL APPLICATIONS AS WELL FOR EXAMPLE, GAMING SOMETHING WE TALKED ABOUT EARLIER IN THE SHOW ROBINSON ESTIMATES AR COULD BE A TRILLION DOLLAR MARKET AND CERTAINLY WHEN IT COMES TO THE MILITARY SPECIFICALLY, THE TECH IS ALREADY GAINING TRACTION. MICROSOFT'S UP TO 22 BILLION HALLOW LENS CONTRACT WITH THE ARMY THAT GOT A LOT OF ATTENTION. AND THERE ARE OTHER NAMES TO WATCH AS WELL. RED SIX IS ONE OF A GROWING LIST OF SOME THREE DOZEN VENTURE BACKED STARTUPS FOCUSING ON NATIONAL SECURITY WORKING ON EVERYTHING FROM AI TO AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS AND DRONES NAMES THAT INCLUDE AN DRILL VALUED AT ROUGHLY $4 BILLION HAWK-EYE 360 AND EVEN ON THE SPACE LAUNCH SIDE, NAMES LIKE ROCKET LAB WHICH IS GOING PUBLIC VIA SPAC ALSO WORTH NOTING, THERE ARE A NUMBER OF COMPANIES THAT WHILE NIRNLLY SECURING OR FOCUSING ON COMMERCIAL CUSTOMERS ARE ALSO INCREASINGLY WORKING WITH THE DOD NOW INCLUDING SOME NAMES THAT OUR AUDIENCE MAY BE FAMILIAR WIT

  Top Comments:
  1. @scottyflintstone [7 likes]: unmanned drones are the future of air combat.
  2. @hybridduncan007 [2 likes]: Sounds like Elon Musk stuff hmmmm 🤔
  3. @murdermike187 [2 likes]: I bets UAVs are shaking in their space boots😂
  4. @spectrex709 [2 likes]: #sponsored AD
  5. @semofolkie [1 likes]: Why haven’t we covered the news regarding the very very recent email the US Mint sent customers last night regarding the global silver shortage?
  6. @luluapple1067 [1 likes]: China's J20 at 1:26
  7. @prince7ab209 [1 likes]: Mai I watch your every video
  8. @kennethsmith7786: Sign me up ... I got my pajamas and helmet
Come on kids!!!! Hell yeah whoo!
  9. @heather4yashuah746: Military has been doing this for awhile.Red 6??Red dragon 666.Dont be decieved ppl.Wake up and come out of her.Seek Christ Jesus !!
  10. @karlkim: So it's both AI and AR.

- FROM PILOT TO ENTREPRENEUR: The Alexis Steel-Rose Story: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] peace peace and welcome back to another exciting episode of cook on quarantine uh this is going to be really interesting because i've never uh got an opportunity to really get to here and learn from um one of the people that could have been in that movie uh top gun uh this woman is uh a veteran uh a pilot uh a fitness guru uh inspirational uh instagrammer i caught her on ig giving out positive messages to the people and so i'm sure she'll have some positivity uh to share based on her own life experience i'm interested in getting into her story uh to hear more about you know what she cares most about and and i think she'll have a lot to say about how to make the best most on quarantine i'm just guessing because you know y'all got to deal with that right now so thank you uh miss alexis rose thank you for having me yeah yeah how you feeling today feeling pretty good so yeah when i when i first came across your profile on instagram i was like oh oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she she flies planes so um how did you first get into being a pilot was that something you always want to do when you grew up or how did that happen so ironically there were three things i wanted to be when i was really young it was either an artist an archaeologist or an astronaut all completely different professions but just based off of the things that i was engaged in in school and the things that i really gravitated towards those are all like big highlights for me and um it wasn't until i hit college that uh i pretty much was presented with an opportunity to pursue being a pilot and so in essence when i found out what was required to become an astronaut i was already a junior in in college and i was like uh i'm not staying in school for another seven years like that's i'm not ready for that right now so um i took the opportunity to become a pilot in the air force which i was on an rotc scholarship so i had to serve back regardless um my time into the military and so um it was very competitive i didn't realize just how competitive it was but it was pretty dang competitive they look at your leadership skills and they look at your grade point average as well and they put you in the calculator and somehow they have so many uh definitive amounts of pilot slots so i got one and uh from there i was like okay well what happens next i never pursued a private pilot's license flying was not anywhere in my family uh either so uh it's completely new on on every realm on both sides of my family people i don't i didn't know any pilots um but yeah the opportunity was there right right in college so i i said yes let's go for the adventures i get to touch the sky why not yeah yeah i like that kanye west zone chester sky oh yeah yeah yeah where'd you grow up so i was born in southern california but i grew up in texas most of my life so i spent all of my grade school years in texas um did college in texas started my career in texas um but i have family all throughout california on both sides of my family okay we're in texas uh fort worth austin san antonio went to school in college station so texas a m university went to undergraduate pilot training with the air force at laughlin which is in del rio texas in corpus christi texas so yeah just had my fair share of a big state yeah are you still in the military i am part-time so about two years ago i got out of active duty full-time active duty air force and uh yeah just been doing it part-time from here on out as a reservist uh here in northern california and i'm still serving and to a great degree and i enjoy it a little bit more actually just because i have a little bit more balance which is ultimately what i was going for did you serve overseas did you were you in any of the the wars that happened recently so i was in iraq as my first deployment in afghanistan um but i've also spent time in puerto rico and germany and um guam and i actually had two years that i stayed in japan and that's a fun experience actually it was a really fun experience japan yeah yeah two years in japan yeah yep and i know it's a a country a lot of people are afraid to go to because you're pretty much a functioning illiterate right but people there are so respectful and nice it's a it's a great culture but yeah yeah i've had my fair share in uh the sandbox as they say um but uh you know i've i felt like i've had my chance to interact with a lot of veterans downrange you know being in the wartime combat zone and from the interactions you get from all different walks of life different branches of the military different professions you know tasks that they're doing you kind of see where you fit into the whole machine of what's going on over there and as people are saying you know thank you for your service when we're back in the states i'm saying thank you for your service for the you know the army folks the marine folks and anyone who's actually like hands on like on the ground like doing all the convoys like i had the pleasure of transporting them to and fro but you know just talking to them about some of their experiences is just like it humbles you it really humbles you and and like i said i've had my experiences too and you know everyone else's experiences can be worse than yours and so you just kind of you find a way to like show gratitude and be humble for what you've had and what everyone else is given to so yeah i'm a fan of the jocko podcast i don't know if you ever got a chance to check out his or hear about his podcast but he's a navy seal veteran and he talks a lot about uh combat and leadership lessons and um and one of my mentors actually was a marine pilot and he's much older but you know i kind of heard about different planes from him what what did you fly i flew c130s and there's a new version of c130s right now but i flew the e in the h model so they call it the legacy models um so they're kind of like the workhorse of the air force um and the marines actually have a version of the c-130s as well you know c-130s they go in and out of like all the austere airfields or like really poor environments or dirt strips or gravel or sides of the mountain or we do air drops so the missions are pretty versatile and but you know it's uh it's kind of glamorous you know when you think about it yeah but at the same time it's you're sweating quite a bit you know you're doing a lot you're doing a lot when you get out there so yeah like i miss that plane i love that plane um what i fly right now is an unmanned aircraft doesn't have any armament on it um but it's actually a different view a different perspective so with the c-130 i was out there actually interacting with the people and the cargo and and all the stuff that was on the ground and putting them on my my aircraft or doing aeromedical evacuations and seeing firsthand how my presence there is an effect for the people or for the environment immediately around it right um now i'm in a position where i'm like the big eye in the sky and i don't have that direct interaction but then you see what's going on in the big picture so big eye in the sky big picture versus c130s is you know a very small postage stamp of what happens with this massive jigsaw puzzle with the jocko podcast you know they when whenever when veterans talk to other veterans they can kind of get into a lot of like what it was actually like but talking to a civilian is kind of like um people are a little more reserved well it's not only a little bit more reserved but it's one don't want to scare you two don't want to say as much jargon that makes it so that you can't understand what we're trying to say um and three don't want to leave you out either you know because if we're going way down this rabbit hole you're like wow no idea what you're talking about you know this is beyond my even imagination so again trying to make it relatable so you get the picture and then yeah you know just like a lot of experiences you can relay as much as you can but you can't really put someone in someone else's shoes completely getting getting a private private privacy license or pilot's pilot's license um through like private courses is something that i considered looked up on youtube and uh you know maybe one day i'll go about doing that but i saw a documentary once about the early foundings of the of nasa and how it got his sort of birth out of the air force and there was sort of this um more eccentric service member that was doing all these crazy experiments and you know creating these large balloons to kind of leave the earth's orbit and so which is all to say that uh i'm only bringing that up because i know that nasa has ties to the air force and it's not too late you can still be an astronaut you know i think that's fine that's true i have a couple of friends who have applied you know that is very true yeah but uh like i said it's still a lot of work and now i'm in a different stage in life and i'm just i want to work on some other things you know yeah i want to get into that i want to get into that because you um so you're you're part-time active military in the reserves and you also are a commercial airline pilot is that how you say that yep yep that's exactly how you say that yeah so uh what airline do you fly for i'll hold off on on saying that just know that it's a major airline cool so we can get into the nitty-gritty of what it's like you can't sit in there all right so constantly switching time zones and then not staying in a place for long and all this just the the length of the flights so it just seems like it's kind of hard on the body and obviously you're a military person so you're used to hard stuff but what what's what's sort of been like for you to transition to that role what's the experience been like flying commercial so um awesome for even being able to understand some of that stuff as far as like time zone and how it affects the body and physiologically because yeah in the military you experience it pretty quickly and again with my c-130 background it's a relatively short-range aircraft so you don't fly across the ocean very easily it's like okay we fly like you know two hours and land you know and you know i think my max flight was about eight hours and again that was across the ocean so it took that long whereas a jet airplane would take only like four or five hours so getting back to all the different experiences that you get that make flying a little exhausting um transitioning from a c-130 again short range and military so very tactical demanding flying to commercial airlines on top of that you found that oh i have a lot more time to chill out on the ground so being tactical flying you're there like on the ground for a minimal amount of time just enough to get rested get some food and be back on on the road again with airlines it can get that way but it's not that often more often than not you have a longer period of time to get adjusted enjoy the location a little bit and then usually get back on the road and yeah continue on with your job so i've been part of two different airlines uh now a regional and major airline and so the regional airline reminded me more of flying c-130s because again your your trips are relatively short um again time zones are not as affected but because the the short time on the ground again you're having to like all right go to sleep now and wake up now you have barely enough time to either eat or work out and then you're back on the road you know diversity representation and and sort of like the your field of work you're the first black female pilot that i've ever spoken to you know i get that a lot i get that a lot yeah okay um and we caught we could all just be ignorant it could be a ton of y'all that we just never heard of but uh i feel like i kind of want to hug you because you it's like oh there's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we do we out here too speak a little bit just about like if that has affected uh your experience at all with what it's like um in terms of trying to get people into the field i work i work i do a lot of work with tech and a lot of the focus on diversity has mostly been on tech as of late but there's no diversity in banking or consulting or medicine there's like a lack of diversity in many spaces yeah um you represent uh someone from a diverse background in this in this space like what are your general perceptions about that it's interesting because like i never surprisingly i never even looked at it when i first got in so it was one of those i know what i want to do i know what i want to go for so i'm just going to go for it not looking at all the barriers to entry um and that being the case i think being blind a little bit to that just kind of kept me focused kept me having that tunnel vision um at the same time not realizing that this could also be a platform to expose others and it wasn't until my later years that i finally realized like oh my gosh yeah i need to expose others because you know others may not even realize that it could be a dream or what the path is and that just goes for for all females and then all black females you know and then all black people you know so it just there's so many different circles that i could touch um just showcasing that yes it can be done and so with women in commercial airlines it's about five i think it's growing about six percent now of all airlines in the world are women so it's very very very small um and i don't know what the percentage is for for black females in america but i know most of the major airlines and i can count how many there are on those you know so um very small small small small group of people and i don't know what the exact statistics are in the air force or in the military in general either but again very very very small group of people so if you know someone says my name oh yeah i know that is you know so um i i love being part of you know this group that could represent so much um and it's it's very comforting to know that there is a group also you know because everywhere i've gone i've been one if not two you know um of my kind if you will for some that could be like oh geez you're kind of representing a lot that's kind of a burden but i don't i don't look at it that way i look at it as hey i'm a person you know you need to treat me with the respect of another person especially in this field of another professional and as long as that's being showcased there usually is is no issue with that now are there underlying cases yeah where that's a lot different all i can say is keeping the eyes on the prize you know that's that's been my saving grace uh for a while to get get stuff done get what you want out of it um and make it serve you is to keep that eye on the prize and recognizing that barriers are there but overcoming them just by being credible working hella hard you know and there you go now you're from cali there you go yeah yeah we got her now texas coming out yeah we're back we're gonna hear the texas drawing also i'm sorry i interrupt you i just had to you know oh yeah representative forget it i got it i did it so yeah like it's uh but that's that's the the kind of motivation and drive i've had from my parents um for my surroundings and i just kind of kept to it you know so um i i don't know if that's the same for a bunch of other people but i know some people just had the drive because they love flying and for me i love the adventure i want the adventure i want to travel i'm you know and i have good hand-eye coordination that happens to be that i could fly but i want the adventure and so i do not want to stop from having the adventure and exploring other countries and other cultures and other people and and really just to spread the love without boundaries i think i think what's especially important about what you do is that it's based on competency it's like you you have to do the job well and because your live people's lives are in hand in your hands and um and so you got to commit yourself to that the skills that you gained uh make you incredibly useful to just like whatever community that you're a part of and and having to gain those skills either through school or through the military and and i know you have a big emphasis on fitness that i want to get into but just being good at whatever it is you're participating in is like critical for sure and like every and especially while i was becoming an uh air force african-american pilot you know we had a good support for each other and ensuring and we would we kind of beat each other up a little bit when it came to this but be so good no one can call you out for anything else you know like you can't be called out for not being good at your job you know don't give anybody else an excuse to call you out you know so as long as we had competency and we had good hands no one could touch you you know a good friend of mine is a police officer i have like two friends that are cops and one of them was like a good friend of mine right i wanted to kind of get into like uh i know the connection between military and law enforcement is is sometimes linked sometimes not but this is a funny story um he and his wife are both cops and when she was in the his wife his now wife was in the police academy we were having a conversation and she was like she said to me i want to be so good that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate me i know you're too dignified to talk you know like that on the podcast especially but but she was like i just want to be so good that they hate me they're like damn she's good i can't stand her and uh that's not what you said just now at all but uh that reminded me of that story so you compete though like you're a competitor like you you did some uh professional bodybuilding is that correct yep that's correct what would you say before we get into that aspect of your life your your competitiveness comes from like if we if i if i were to challenge you to like push-ups right now would you take me up would you take me up on a push-up challenge you know what's funny is i'm i'm competitive but i don't showboat so in my mind i'd be like oh i got this guy so yeah and like i think a lot of my competitiveness just comes from not out nowhere outside of myself so and this started from grade school it's like oh man i got like a 70 on that test well i'm gonna do better next time and so that competitiveness was always with myself i want to improve i want to get better for no other reason just to be like i'm a whole lot better than what i was i had growth you know and then eventually it started to get to be a little bit more defined smart details on what kind of goal setting i wanted but for a long time was just like i was five times better than i was last time that's the same that's been the case with almost everything that i've engaged in and of course you know when it comes to competition outside of myself it's just like okay because you know like i feel like competition with yourself makes you more confident and have more self-esteem so that you can do anything that you want to do you know like nothing becomes scary nothing becomes daunting because you're like well i already know that i can compete with myself i already know i can improve in anything that i put my mind to the world's the limit i honestly feel like competition is is a beautiful thing i think it's where it's directed is the questionable part and how long it's going to last is you know another questionable part yeah we we're definitely trying to phase out competition as a society and i think it's going to be to the detriment of our young people and um and our communities because one of one of the things that you also mentioned just about i mean you know being a black person like flying and as a pilot there's a lot of underrepresentation but the the first thing you got you kind of have to get over is yourself and the sure impose barriers the internalized um suppression that you may you know engage in that's going to keep you from moving forward because there are real barriers the most significant ones are the ones we we place on ourselves and so that so you're obviously practicing that um uh anything you want to say about respond to that before we get into the body building oh let's roll right in okay cool so so how did you how did you get that started how long you been doing that and when you know sort of prompted that okay so the last um uh it was actually in 2014 time frame i just returned to the states from uh living in japan and flying c-130s i changed airframes and um i decided to get into fitness being a pilot naturally it's a it's actually a sedentary job you know for the most part and then being in japan i just ate every bowl of ramen in sight it was there you go or as much as you walk in japan you don't lose any weight because you just keep eating very delicious beautifully done food so um yeah getting back to the states i think i had like a fitness assessment that i had to do with the military and i noticed that my typical run time was not stellar so again that competition with myself was like what just happened that is not okay so flying this new airframe it allowed me to have a regular schedule which i was surprised by so i'm like huh i have a regular schedule that means i can go to the gym at regular times and have a routine let me make this happen and so i hired a coach because i tried doing it on my own and it just i don't think i was challenging myself enough so i hired a and uh before i knew it i was like whoo again that self-competition mode i was like man this burns this hurts let me do it better let me go faster let me lift heavier and before i knew it i was like okay this is good my coach noticed and he's like all right so what's your what's your big goal are you just wanting to lose weight or are you wanting to do a competition i was like competition what do you mean he's like you know these fitness competitions and i was uh yes and that's mainly because when i was a kid i was big into comic books most of the women in comic books are just very feminine but very strong curvy and super muscular at the same and that to me was always an ideal it's just that strong and while being graceful and feminine all at one package i'm like yes sign me up so um i was like yeah let's do this and he's like all right here's what's gonna he told me all of the scary stuff and i'm like okay because all i had was this like i want to look like that locked in tunnel video yeah television and i did that for about seven months of training which was pretty aggressive before i did my first competition and uh i won my category so i was in two categories so one of them i wanted the other one i ended up being like third um just because what are the categories mean what does that mean okay so um i'm with uh world beauty fitness and fashion so wbff and they have for women you can do bikini fitness or figure and i was in between weights and in between physiques like what what it actually looks like for each of those categories so my coach put me in bikini which usually means that you have a curvy yet soft physique in the scent soft meaning like you don't have a lot of definition and then figure the figure girls so like on the other end of the spectrum are like super muscular so they have volume and very lean so they you can see like every sinew of their muscles so right in between that is fitness where you're athletic looking you have some curves but you also have some definition your muscles are a little bit bigger so i fit right in the middle and because i didn't at that time again my first competition at that time i was larger than a lot of other bikini girls but i was a little on the soft side um but in the middle you know with that fitness i looked very athletic still without being too defined you can still see my muscles but not too defined so i was in both of those and i was the bikini one that i ended up in third and then it was the fitness uh category that i came in first from then on out i just competed in fitness but uh you know once you get that rush of oh my gosh i went through this entire journey and got up on stage something happened from it i was already happy with my physique um i was like i'm gonna do this again and get better right i want to compete i ended up being a pro right then and there so they put me in the pro category so i was like oh my gosh yeah let's let's do this but i can tell you initially i was just like when i first said i was going to be part of the competition i was like all right i'll just do it once because it's something i've always wanted to do and call it good but then after that you know you get a little taste of of more and better and faster and stronger and all that stuff so i ended up doing it another two times you're very interesting it's kind of like a um these aren't things that i don't think that people would necessarily connect to each other like you you have to be very intelligent and capable to fly a plane that's like a i would imagine that's as much of a mental um competitive thing as it is the technical ability of learning how to fly so you wouldn't necessarily associate that with a bodybuilder because of the stereotypes we have with people that are sort of in that space you know what sounds like is connected to your focus on doing that was a competition within yourself like oh okay i want to see if i can push myself to do this and then the venue became the deadline like the opportunity to showcase what you had done for yourself right yeah um what are what are some of the and i'm sure you're aware of the perceptions of people that do bodybuilding i don't i've never done it how does that connect to the people that you've met that kind of do that on a regular basis so i've met all works of life i actually do bodybuilding you know from the stay-at-home mom to the you know personal trainer to the doctor to um a finance person or a lawyer so i've i've seen the whole gambit and for the most part everyone has this drive of oh i just wanted i want to get better than i was before a lot of them have that internal competition um it just happens to be when can it happen so resources time it's usually time being the biggest factor um and then sometimes money for others right ends up being like okay well if i can make it happen here how do i fit it into my lifestyle in order to meet that goal like i said like just all different walks of life and most of them i do end up meeting are personal trainers in some aspects um one of the fitness professionals i know who's in ifbb um he's also in northern california he's sponsored all over the place um goes all these fitness expos but you know he's a medical sales device so you know a salesperson and i like your pursuit of happiness like will smith in pursuit yeah exactly exactly i'm like why are you making this happen because you know other people i know who are in that field they are just bogged down with so much work to do you know on a daily basis long hours for those guys i'm like how are you making this happen i had to approach him i was like even in my life like this is hard to make happen you know i end up sacrificing sometimes my social life to make it happen he was like you know it's it's one thing at a time you know you pick your days and today's going to be all about family and then the next day will be like back in focus on on your fitness but all throughout that you know you're still some semblance of control usually with food you know controlling your food throughout all of it but um it's taken me a while and a lot of other professionals a while to find where the balance is for them and that's with everything that you do in life right it's not going to happen first time around you got to reiterate and reiterate and reiterate before you kind of perfect the process or perfect your mindset in order to make things a lot easier for yourself so like you know how i told you that i would sacrifice my social time that happened a lot in the very beginning so much so that i became a little depressed because i was always working meal prepping sleeping or at the gym that was that was my life you know just to make it happen that tunnel vision was a little extreme so by the third time i did it i found a way to control my mind so that i could go out to eat with friends even while i was in competition prep i'd either bring my own food or i would eat beforehand or i would look at the menu ahead of time in order to know exactly what i was going to eat that was within my restraints and still have a good time with my friends and recognize that food is not everything the people i'm with is the focus not the food so again it's just kind of re-caging what you see and allowing it to work for you then fall victim to your emotions or what you really want and and all that stuff so what you want that period of time so yeah now the battle around food and uh and sugar and uh i got a sweet tooth it's bad yeah i have a personal trainer we went to high school together and it was you know so and my i have a lot of ebbs and flows around i think most people do how active they are we're going to the gym we went into quarantine and then it got kind of shaky for a lot of people you know but yeah the real fitness people kind of find a way but i follow i follow a guy on youtube named mike rashid i don't know if you ever heard of him i know who that is yeah i don't know him personally but i know who he is yeah okay so he does like this alfred shred 30 day challenge that i've been doing the working i love it i love it i would take my you know shirt off and everything but you know [Laughter] the part about it i read this book called stick with it and it was it's about the the uh the science behind behavior change oh yes yes and um one of the aspects was community and so with the rasheed challenge the officer challenge it's like it's like an online facebook group and they talk about people are going through the workouts together and it's hilarious because you know people are all different areas of life and they're just commenting on how much it sucks right and uh and that really helped me do the workout that day because if it was just kind of me on my own you know it would probably go like how it goes for me like i'll be consistent and i'll tell off and you know but then i also started doing something related to uh fasting i was i was kind of testing out intermittent fasting but i started doing something where i i uh i didn't eat anything on monday like monday i just fasted all day i only drank liquid and it kind of like changed my relationship to food throughout the week like it's like you didn't need it like you haven't you don't have to rely on it or yeah i didn't have the cravings like it's just it's just kind of a trip because i mean i still i get emotional in my feelings i want some sugar you know but uh but the cravings throughout the week to eat stuff it hasn't been the same i'm not saying that's the cure off everybody but the the major battle was always around sugar and then my and then how i got the sugar was always really impulsive you know i'm at the grocery store i'ma grab it it's in the house it's gonna get eaten yeah it's just like that whole thing so and the biggest thing is just knowing yourself knowing what you crave why you crave it when you crave it what is it that you crave and can you replicate the taste with something else that's healthier can you control the the time or what the trigger was and and all that stuff but it really is like a self analyzing process yeah yeah outside of your your work as a commercial pilot uh do you have any other business ventures things that you are involved in so right now um i am a certified personal trainer and i'm working on my nutritional coaching so that i can pair them together and eventually behavior change as well so i'm working on on that business um just to proliferate that and share my experiences and share my um my knowledge about everything just because like i feel like once you have control of yourself physically mentally you know with your food your intake and being nourished in that aspect and kind of balancing it with the life that you have you know you can put that in whatever environment that you want to you know but it takes some practice some mental practice some physical practice um but i would love to share that and really spread that um other than that i i really love real estate okay okay let's talk about it okay okay sounds like you got some stuff popping what's going on in your real estate life i mean so um i don't know why but uh while i was in pilot training in corpus christi i got this bug to buy my first house i don't know i could not tell you why but um well i mean i can kind of get to the origin of like how it may have a seed was planted when i was 18 a senior in high school my mom took part of my college funds and i was like hey we're gonna learn about this real estate uh course and so she put that into the real estate course and she's like oh you're going to come with me i was like okay so i think this is more for her education and i just happened to come along with her because it was during my summer break uh i was like okay well this was interesting she ended up getting a coach to do one-on-one stuff and i absorbed a lot being a kid kids tend to be a little bit more fearless because they don't look at all the scary stuff around and they just kind of go for it half the time that's why they're okay with falling and breaking legs and all that stuff and i remember doing exactly what the coach said and like scouting out neighborhoods seeing what's available what opportunities are out there and i came across this estate sale and i ended up looking around the estate sale looking inside the house looking at all the stuff in the estate cell and i was like i like this house and so without any reservations whatsoever i went up to the host of the estate cell who you know were relatives of the owner and i was like hey would you take this offer for your house and they're like yeah i was like oh okay let me go talk to my mom that was technically my mom ended up buying the house we stayed in that house for about a year and um she still owns it today so that's part of her retirement plan now but that was the first house i ever put an offer on now fast forward to when i'm in pilot training corpus christi i get the bug all of a sudden to just buy a house on my own accord i researched for about three weeks about financing because i didn't know anything about that part and um figured out how i could apply for a loan and all that stuff so went and found a house and bought it bam i i bought my first house when i was like 22. from then on out you know every place i would go which wasn't a lot of places with the military um i would buy a house and the only place where i didn't buy a house was in japan because of you know you need to be a national there and then uh when i got to when i knew i was going to come to california i was like all right buying a house it's california you got to take advantage and at that time that's when a lot of the real estate in california was under foreclosure or short sales and um to my surprise when i would put in an offer from overseas mind you sight unseen i would just be looking on google earth you know about the neighborhood about the house you know and doing all my research online i would be outbid with cash like so much money over offering i was like what the hell is going on i thought there were foreclosures in sort and short sales over there this was the summer that things were starting to get better in california it was like 2011 2012. yeah it was uh 2000 and i know it's 2013. okay yeah yeah you kind of get a little fearless after you buy your first house and then i did the same thing when i bought an a full-on investment property uh in another state uh sight unseen i didn't see the house for about a year but just looked at the numbers again looked at everything i could find on the internet and kind of did my analysis that way and i still have that house so and that one's yeah so i i i if i had the capital and the means and pretty much like the network i would buy homes just like i buy shoes like it's i got a lot of shoes it's just it's i find it just fun i find you know looking the analyzing the market the seeing what's around how i can contribute to the community around it like i find all of that fun just just a blast because to me it's kind of like thinking about the future like oh i envisioned this place being like this and this is the type of community it could be you know and and all that stuff and this is how the tenants would be and i would say hi to the tenants so often and have a relationship with them like i that's how my mind works is like what if and ultimately my dream is to actually purchase like a small apartment complex like you know eight to 15 units something like that i don't need any or want anything more than that and then actually like have some kind of community events with that particular complex it could either be the apartment complex itself or 15 units within like a couple of blocks you know just i i feel like success is being able to contribute back to your community and because i'm a military person i don't have one community i have a few that i've been part of so um i don't have a home community i guess you can say so just being able to improve all these places that i've been part of would just be a joy to me i think that would be so great i actually love real estate too i used to listen to the bigger pockets podcasts all the time i don't know if you don't need more nah i don't i don't i um i read like a lot of grant cardone books i don't know if you heard of him and i have and i ended up i was running a non-profit for four and a half years and i ended up moving one of the many reasons why i wanted to step away from that was and i now run a consulting practice was to put myself in a position to grow my income so i could then just allocate that capital to investments okay nice when i did that though i i became no longer qualified for any of the mortgages because i i had to have two years of tax return you know you know you know the whole thing so um but looking at long distance real estate was something that uh i was i was really into and um uh getting sort of a string of single families and then leveraging them into something bigger i was into you sounded like the catch of a lifetime pilot bodybuilder real estate tycoon um i'm sure uh shoe shoe aficionado they're not cute shoes according to my sister but i like it and uh i'm sure there's probably other things that you didn't share that uh are also really impressive so let's close out on that what's what's that you talk about your social life uh what's what's sort of that look like for you do you have time for that are you yeah actually um and part of the reason why i left active duty military was to have a more robust social life so um i feel again like a lot of the real gurus that you you spoke of you know i've i have learned to value time and make it a luxury it is a luxury you know time is a luxury and it would be great if you have you know money as well to pretty much run your your lifestyle right so i pared down my lifestyle quite a bit because the last two years um were very very challenging um leaving active duty military and then going into another um field that i was not familiar with and military has been my job my entire adult life so it was just a lot of anxiety with it and so switching all of that ultimately my goal was to have more time more time for relationships of all sorts so nowadays i am very blessed um i put in a bunch of in order to get here you know a lot of sacrifices to get here and um you know every weekend you know i'm able to enjoy time with friends or i spend time more time outside and in nature i'm a forestry major so i love being outside and hence why a dynamic pilot job but you know these are just basic joys that i get no matter what and like i said i'm just so blessed to be able to have that now i'm learning how to make cocktails i would have never had the chance to do that i'm recently a little bit more plant-based in my diet so and i love experimenting with cooking so i get more time to do that too and a lot of people are pretty annoyed about being home these days and i have just been overjoyed to be able to enjoy my house enjoy where i live find the little nooks and crannies that just are delightful you know and i think people take advantage of the fact that they have a home um i'm really relishing being home so it's been nice it's been really nice i have a few final rapid fire questions before we close out all right you ready um yeah game on okay cool are you yeah you are israeli you yeah do you meditate i do okay what is uh one book recommendation you would give ooh off the top of my head um the one thing yeah so that just of helps with yeah prioritizing you know and at different stages of your life yeah so that'd be the big one right there okay what personal weakness can you forgive in someone a personal weakness i can forgive in someone over time i can forgive anything okay okay do you have a motto so yes um care compassion connection that's been my driving force for a lot of things that i do yeah and who's going to win the presidential election oh i have no idea no idea i have a lot of conservative friends and non-conservative friends and um and i can tell you i would like to think i have a good grasp on you know just around my own environment of you know what people are thinking and i honestly could not tell you i see why some people want theirs you know but i i yeah i i can't tell you i i have no idea that was the last question this was alexis rose the pilot veteran fitness guru shoe aficionado real estate tycoon the catch of the quarantine and of all time we didn't get or if she knows how to do 30 backflips in a row but i'm sure that's probably somewhere in that resume you can learn more i'll put alexis uh instagram up on the screen um hopefully you can check her out if you're interested in improving your fitness goals or investing in real estate or you want to become a pilot and touch the sky like she does on a regular basis thank you miss rose i appreciate the time thank you i appreciate it peace peace and thank you for listening to another episode of cook on monday morning i cook on monday morning we believe that if you own monday morning you can own the week if you own the week you can own the year and if you change your year you can change your life i'd like to thank alexis steele rose for sharing her journey with me this was really amazing to be somebody that's had such a varied path and taking on multiple challenging endeavors she's a pilot she's a fitness expert she's a real estate investor i don't i don't know what she can't do so meeting people like her are especially inspiring she represents the doers the builders the makers of things that we want to build community with and elevate on this platform cook on monday morning as you know uh if you are a frequent listener at cook on monday morning we transition click on quarantine where i'm releasing episodes every monday wednesday and friday and so stay up to date with the latest episode by subscribing on youtube by subscribing on apple by following on spotify thank you for doing that if you haven't done that yet you're still with us hit the subscribe button hit the like button it's easy it's free and you help me and you help this community grow you're a part of this tribe and and so thank you for listening and uh please subscribe please comment this podcast is owned by the luther harris holding company that is my strategic advising and consulting practice luther harris was my great grandfather he represented a legacy of doing and so i built all of my companies under his name and at my company what we do is help non-profits and startups meet their strategic objectives also work with larger businesses to help their diversity hiring initiatives and to help drive the impact they want to have in the communities that they serve so if that is something that you're interested in i'd be happy to talk to you feel free to email me infosd von cook you can also connect with me on social media at linkedin um on linkedin i'm at stevon cook on instagram at stevon cook on twitter stevon cook on facebook that's stevonne cook yes and you pronounce my name steven that's devon i know it's a communist pronunciation but don't worry about if you've been doing it for like 15 years it's cool you can start saying it correctly now it's steve on the ease long i want to make a few more quick announcements we have merchandise coming merchandise is coming i've been saying it for a minute but trust me it's coming you could be the first to see it by uh subscribing to my newsletter if you go to stevencook.com put your email address in you will not only be the first to see when the merchandise is coming but i also send out several insights related to the podcast or other stories and it's a great way to support what we're building here subscribe to the newsletter that's that's debunker.com another way to support the podcast is if you're on the website you'll see the bookshelf tab go through the bookshelf tab you'll see a number of books feel free to check out the books you can purchase one if you like but even if you don't if you go through that tab before you do your amazon shopping uh whatever you end up purchasing a kickback will come to the podcast it's to the affiliate marketing program so that is a great way to support and help cover the cost of the podcast obviously this all comes out of my pocket we don't have any we don't have any sponsors yet and so it's all supported by the people so thank you for supporting thank you for keeping this in mind by doing that before you uh do any amazon shopping we're doing something nice for our single mothers um you know it's not the it's not like a huge like spa day with that i like to put together but it's just a small gesture the women in our community that are raising children on their own we just want to do something nice uh i'll take them out uh the idea is that she and whoever she decides to go with has a night out um we can cover child care for the evening i know it's a pandemic so we make sure we take care of all the safety precautions but yeah the idea is just to treat um a single mother and a friend to a night out so if you know anybody that you think would be interested in that just send me an email info steven cook just tell me a little about the person three or four sentences uh a way i can get a hold of them email us fine and we will make sure that we treat them to a night out i can do it at the rate of about twice per month you know with my banking kind of set up that's the capacity that i can do it at i want to thank the people that make this podcast possible mr david topete thank you sir mr fernando cinco marquez i appreciate you also sir for editing the newsletter and i just want to end the podcast by showcasing a testament of love to all the people that inspired me to do this work they are our first responders our firefighters our police officers our emt workers our social workers they are our educators they are our custodians our school lunch workers there are our bus drivers like my father they clean our streets there are blue collar workers and they are our employers our people that are giving of themselves to build to help grow our economy to help give purpose to people's lives and help people take care of the family to the builders this podcast is for you and this podcast is for our gig workers the people that are stocking our shelves delivering food getting this to and fro and rideshare services exposing themselves to this vicious pen didn't make this podcast it's for you i appreciate you thank you so this podcast is for those folks and they are in cities like san francisco my hometown uh oakland los angeles dallas houston new orleans baton rouge miami orlando the carolinas philadelphia newark atlanta if i didn't say that already uh cleveland um minneapolis uh detroit boston this podcast is for you thank you for listening thank you for uh connecting with me and helping grow this community uh i appreciate you until i see you again peace peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @je9625 [1 likes]: An intense, accomplished lady.
  2. @rosalynwright4245: It’s inspiring to see an African American superwoman thank you!

- From RAF Pilot to Deep Tech Founder: Building the Trust Layer for Autonomy at SAIF | Kyle Thomas: Kind: captions Language: en Again, we're talking about Nvidia Jensen's quote at the start of the year about embodied AI and and how everything around us that moves will be embodied by AI. And he thinks that's going to be pretty quick. And and I believe him. I I really think that that you know the safety levels that you can generate from this provided you have those rappers is massive. It can really change the way that we we do business in safety critical and mission critical industries. And that is why we set up this company. We were all about doing this for humanity. Now, you might find that funny when we talk about doing stuff for defense, but actually we want to keep people away from the dangerous areas, keep them away from um you know, war zones, keep them out of humanitarian areas where you know they they may lose their life when actually we probably save more by having an autonomous system we can deploy there. We might lose it, but you know what? We might save someone's life. And allowing it to have this kind of freethinking embodied AI control enables that. [Music] [Applause] Kyle, welcome to the show. You're the co-founder of Safe Autonomy. uh you are building the trust layer for autonomous objects in the physical layer um out in the world. Before that you were 15 years in the RAF going from the barracks to the barracks of building a startup. Uh I'm I'm very curious to hear how that transition has gone and what you're doing at SAFE. So welcome to the show. Let's start with that transition going from a very rigid life as as an as an RAF pilot and in the military or that's the stereotype to being very selfdisciplined still and going out and building a startup very contrasting very different how did you find that transition >> yeah well thanks it's great to be here it's it's really really cool to be here and do this and and talk about kind of uh my my journey um and I think uh to start with that I I think military people are really well suited for the transition into startup life which maybe you might not think so from the outside having you run a business before or not but I think we're really suited to that and and I have found the transition interesting so you know like you said 15 years in the Royal Air Force doing some really interesting flying some really high pressure stuff and I think that is the key takeaway for why this transition has has been uh I think an easier one than I expected because I you're very used to making decisions with you know very small amounts of information quite quickly and I think in startup life That happens all the time. You know, one day it can be the high of a, you know, roller coaster and the low of of the the same ride in 24 hours. And coping with that kind of stress and that kind of decision-m I think is what makes military people really good for this. Um, what I have found interesting is actually the the attitude of the the world outside of of the military. So, you know, I found that people were very similar in defense. uh everybody had this mindset of whether it be growth on a squadron or getting the mission done. You know, you could just trust the people next to you to do that. You knew that they were going to deliver when they needed to. I think in in the the world of startups, uh when you start to hire people you don't know, uh there's a mixed bag there. You don't know how people are going to react. You don't know how people uh are going to react to your vision and if they're going to come on that journey quite the same way with you. And actually for me that's that's been an interesting mind shift um mindset shift to actually understand those new thought processes um because for me I I'm all in my co-founder we're all into that. You have to be all into that business. And certainly with a startup I don't think anybody realizes how hard it's actually going to be until you you hit go uh and set off on that journey. And it is the hardest thing I've ever done. I I you know it it takes its toll on your friends, your family, your time. You know it's all consuming. Uh and I think certainly interesting in the UK perhaps the the attitude to startups is subtly different to what we see in other countries like the US. Uh and I'm trying to bring a bit of that US mentality to our UK headquarters about speed and about growth. And that is hard because people want different things in this country. I think I probably wanted different things out of my life when I you know I left or if I was an employee and I'm trying to you know put this mindset onto our employees, bring them along in that journey and get that cohesive team a little bit like a squadron. uh you get everyone working together, supporting each other and just driving forward for that for that big goal. So I I I think yeah the transition has been has been an interesting one. It's very different to flying, you know, fly flying aircraft, helicopters. I flew for Brit Airways for a little while as well. You know, that's a very very different world. High pressure, but just just different. Um I had to learn a lot. And that I think is another thing that that military individuals are good at. that they can pick up a book, they can pick up uh a training course and apply themselves to it and very rapidly adapt to that new environment, that new change because often we move jobs uh every three years in defense. You know, pilots might be around on an aircraft type for a little bit longer. Quite often, you know, guys are doing three years maximum in a job and then they get to something they've never done before and they have to become competent very quickly. So, I'm a big fan actually of hiring veterans into our company as well to to help with that as a mix of employees and we have a few who have come from various jobs across the fence, gone into business development, gone into trials and operational delivery and are absolutely acing it because they they've gone and learned it, applied it and they just get on with it. And I think for me that that was probably the the one skill that I brought out of defense that really really helped me was to go and learn well how does venture capital work? How does funding work? How does, you know, actually being a a founder or a CEO of a company really work and what do people need to see from you? That was just a lot of reading, a lot of talking, a lot of meeting other founders and then quickly assimilating that to try and create, you know, my my persona for for my business to actually start applying that quick and and scaling as you have to once you've pick up venture capital funding. Right. >> It's been an interesting journey. >> I love it. I love it. So much to unpack in there. I think the bits which a lot of the audience may have picked up on there was the the kind of bold statement saying that the startups it's the hardest thing you've ever had to do now I know a little bit about your history in the RAF from the conversations that we've had so we'll unpack that in a bit but you mentioned your squadron your teammates um you know those in the RAF where you have to look to your left and right and and rely on that they'll be there to to literally protect you and save your life and be there to support you. Now, moving into startup land, you do have a co-founder. You have a co-founder, Matt, who you met during the RAF. You were solving rogue drones. Um, I'm going to leave it very broad there to allow you to explain what that is. It sounds very Terminator. Um, but obviously this is what you do at Safe. Um, safe is spelled S A I F for anyone who is uh going to look at this up after this episode. Um, but how did you meet Matt and how did you know he was the one that was going to be your partner moving forward, you know, outside of the military? >> Yeah, it's it's it's a great story actually how we met. So, so my last job in in the Air Force was in something called the uh rapid capabilities office. Uh and that is it was set up um to as it kind of says on the tin rapidly deliver new capability to the air force but looking into sort of frontier technologies like how can we solve a problem maybe do it in 6 months to a year rather than 3 to 5 years and bring things in that are very low technology readiness level and for those that don't know what that means it's actually a NASA scale that tech adopted uh so one to nine nine being your BMW 3 series you know it just works one being something in a lab that's never been tested uh and so we bring it in around the three tier three and try and kick it over the fence at seven very rapidly where a frontline user could then develop it all the way uh forward from there. uh and and I was running uh a collaborative autonomy program that was looking at sort of medium-siz drones uh for a variety of use cases and one of the big problems with that is Terminator as you said there you know Skynet for those that that know Terminator we're trying to avoid that right so as as we move away from traditional autonomy that's a bit like command and conquer for those that remember that you know click on way points something follows it and it does a scripted behavior somewhere to this use of physical or embodied AI at the edge so that system can freely think and be nondetermed istic on goal-based uh what we call goal based autonomy and that's really efficient and it allows those systems to collaborate together and work out the best way to to you know carry out a mission and maybe do other things along the way without the need for communications in data links which is really important in today's new world where it's very easy to jam uh communications and you may not be able to control that then as a human user right so we were looking at at how how could we do that in the future how could we do it today with today's traditional autonomy uh and there was nothing on the market that actually would provide this assurance to allow this to be used as a frontline capability in the way that we might wish it to be. Uh and so I actually met Matt uh when we contracted his company to go and have a look into academia and science and have a look at what's out there like what could we do quickly uh and potentially quite cost effectively to to enable someone like the Military Aviation Authority to allow these uh systems to operate potentially in you know uh other people's sovereign airspace which is really important because you don't want them doing the things you don't want them to do. Uh and so that that's how we met. When I then left defense, um I I worked very briefly at a company called Round Technologies, who for those that don't know again, it's a very rapidly scaling defense tech uh systems integrator based in Bristol. I went to run their air portfolio. And Matt and I worked on the autonomy team there. As with all these things, we got talking. We realized like there was a huge opportunity here, not just for defense, not just in drones, but actually in anything that moves. So anything that's going to use uh high levels of autonomy uh today or in the future, it needs an assurance layer. It needs a trust layer that regulators and people can believe in uh to allow these systems to just do their thing. And we believe that that can happen in your everyday life all around you will walk around the streets and they'll just be autonomous systems getting about their business. >> Give it give us an example of that. You know, we're talking about autonomous systems. Um and now it depends on the level of understanding the audience has of the this type of product. Uh I very much envision uh maybe a more commercial aspect. So things like >> Amazon delivering my my my product in the sky and coming round and you know we've got Whimo out in the states doing uh autonomous vehicles driving around the streets as your sort of pseudo Uber. Um, and you have I was actually in uh Eastern Europe uh recently and I I saw sort of a an autonomous vehicle on the on the street uh literally just sort of 1 meter by by half a meter just going down the street and finding its way to deliver I'm think groceries. I have absolutely no idea what it was doing but I took a video. It was quite quite entertaining. It's something I'd never seen in the UK. So that's maybe the more commercial aspect. I know that predominantly right now you're you're focusing on more defense um and and other use cases. Could you maybe give us a couple of examples of both of those sides? Maybe what you're working on right now, but then also maybe where let's say the everyday consumer might see it in the future. >> Yeah, absolutely. So I think what's actually quite important to break down here as well is what we mean by autonomy. Um because actually autonomy means different things to different people. So artificial intelligence and autonomy are two different things. So, uh, physical AI, embodied AI, that's where you take, um, a an artificial intelligence model that is trained to operate a vehicle, uh, so a bit like a human and place that onboard a system at the edge. So, on board that vehicle and allow it to have control of that system and like you or I non-deterministically go about piloting, driving that system to a goal, which could be a drop off, a delivery, a task. Now, that's very different to autonomy or autonomous behaviors which might be scripted. They're deterministic. So, go here, follow this route, don't deviate from it. When you get here, do X or Y, which is a predetermined scripted behavior. Drop off a package and you'll do it like this, and then you'll carry on here and what have you. So, that's kind of what I would call autonomy, right? Now, both of those have their own issues because deterministic autonomy actually exhibits nondeterministic behaviors when software goes wrong. So, they both have their issues, right? Uh and so what you see now with companies um like MANA uh who do drone deliveries in Dublin and some places in the US is more of that deterministic autonomy. So it's really waypoint following. Follow a flight path, follow a corridor, go to X, lower your parcel down. Um so so that's a good example of an autonomous system. What you don't see much of yet is the physical AI at the edge controlling a system. So if you've seen any of the NVIDIA videos with robotic dogs running around dancing, doing doing things, you've seen some out of China probably. Now that's physical embodied AI at the edge. So allowing those those robots to actually go out and just do something, tell it to dance and it and it will and it will learn as it's doing it too. And you can take the data and you can retrain those models and make it better at what it does. So that's the distinct difference between the two when it comes to use cases today. So commercially, drone deliveries are the thing that you hear probably most in the media. people talk about it's happening in London with wing flying medical supplies between two hospitals was very very prescriptive straight line kind of stuff if you want to start uh doing that at scale in my opinion and I think the way that a lot of the industry is going outside of the programs that are making money from the the way that it works now you have to get rid of all the infrastructure so having cameras with computer vision every 500 meters all over a city to make sure the airspace is clear is not commercially viable you know it just it's going to cost too much having beacons everywhere for things to follow just doesn't work. What you need to do is take all of that and put it on board as a platform itself cheaply. And that allows the system to go and fly beyond visual line of sight and be trusted to some form of standard. So if you put a trust layer on that that's built to uh say mand aviation certification levels, but you can do that cheaply and guarantee the performance of that platform that will be bound in its behavior, bound in its its geographical locations, but allowed to freeink within that bubble. Now you can send off you know 10020 of those systems uh controlled by AI you know AI uh deciding who goes where how the package deliveries work and then maybe have three or four people in a control room that monitor that whole network and people find that a little bit scary because then what happens to all the drone operators because generally now it's one operator per system maybe with a spotter too and a waiver to f to fly beyond the line of sight which is really expensive and you can only go you know a kilometer or 2 km but actually I see that as really liberating for for that industry because those individuals can now do other high paid high skil jobs maintaining those systems being there as safety pilots if they do want you know need to intervene for some reason there will be safety pilots maybe telly operator whatever it might might be I don't think it's scary I think it's a really enabling thing but we we have to get away from this infrastructure and allow that to be on the system and to make it actually viable and that's the kind of use case that I think we're most likely to see early on um you know something like drone delivery, maybe not in inner cities, but perhaps uh logistically up and down the country following things like railway lines. We were talking about that earlier. National infrastructure kind of makes sense as a way to to flow these these systems in the kind of 2 to 400 foot altitude block and be over something that if they do crash, you know, that they're they can move away from it and they're less likely to actually hit people or or or uh or vehicles or houses. >> And then you can build the data set that allows that to migrate into kind of inner city usage. And there are there are arguments that say well flying near buildings actually in inner cities is great because you you're not you're you're less likely to do much damage. You know bounce off a building window it's not a big problem. But that these are all the things that the industry itself and the regulators need to sort out. But we really believe that pulling this to the edge and enabling you know this kind of system to to go about its business is the way forward and it's much cheaper much more viable and we can prove that we can do it today. We we've proved that on on drones and landbased systems and maritime systems and now with space systems as a company this can be done. Um but it's changing the mindset of those commercial regulators to to allow that and and I think the industry's there you know the OEMs they want this they need these certified control layers and and they're hungry for it. So I'm I'm really I'm really bullish on on this as an industry. I think it's going to explode and and we again we're talking about Nvidia AI and he thinks that's going to be pretty quick and and I believe him. I I this for humanity. Now, you might find that funny when we talk about doing stuff for defense, but actually we want to keep people away from the dangerous areas, keep them away from um you know, war zones, keep them out of humanitarian areas where you know they they may lose their life when actually we probably save more by having an autonomous system we can deploy there. We might lose it, but you know what? We might save someone's life. and allowing it to have this kind of freeth thinking embodied AI control enables that because the computer vision systems on board the other sensor systems can find people they can do do all sorts of cool things that actually is really hard to do as as humans uh particularly if you have a crew of people with a helicopter that might not be able to get close and all this kind of stuff so it it's really exciting for how we can enable that um kind of use case for the world and the other thing I think commercially that you you'll probably see you see Whimo and drivers taxis you They're pretty good. You know, they're getting better, but they're not without fault. And there are two different uh tracks that people are taking. Tesla, uh, you know, they use a lot of computer vision. They're pretty much all computer vision based. Um, uh, and others who have gone down the liar, computer vision, and other data routes all sort of fused together. But they do still make mistakes. You know, you you've seen cars drive through um, recently uh, construction on on the road through potholes. There have been fatalities. But you know what? I bet actually when you start to look at the statistics between, you know, ways and taxis, if you if you scaled that up, they are probably generally safer than the amount of accidents that you see from from man vehicles. >> But we have to get to a point where that trust layer um is irrefutable. Uh and and we don't have these kind of outlying side cases that that that happen which create negative PR, which scare people. And that is the second biggest blocker I think to these kind of systems being deployed globally is public perception. Yeah. Is are people happy to have their coffee delivered by a drone? Are they happy to have every taxi around them or even their car? You know, in theory maybe we never have to drive again take them around without them thinking about it and sleep in the back and and that's that's a big barrier to overcome. And we believe like you can show that with with these kind of trust layers we're building with the data that that produces. You know, you get on an airliner, right? you go to sleep and effectively that airliner is on autopilot for most of that flight. Yes, it's being monitored by humans, but it is actually doing it automatically >> and you're happy to do that and and I think you know we can get to the point where maybe you have say one pilot I don't think taking humans out the flight deck is a very sensible idea but maybe one but they might be asleep with an AI model that's doing all of this stuff with the trust layer and if it really goes wrong they can intervene and take control of that aircraft. I I really believe that this is like something we can get to and we can get to really quickly. Um, but they're the kind of use cases commercially that that I I think you'll most likely see along with autonomous logistics, autonomous shipping where we we want to move goods around quickly. Um, and you know, 24 hours a day without having to have shift patterns of people, we can very much reduce um that that headcount and the ROIs for those companies go up significantly. people like the Singaporean government actually very interested in in how that that works and are actually probably the world leaders in that uh that kind of space at the moment and of course we have many many different defense use cases that um you know we we can get into but I as a company we have kind of a red line in the sand about how far we want to go into enablement of autonomy and defense you know where we're all about saving lives and and and improving lives rather than necessarily taking them um and that that's something that for us is is you know a very hard line in the It's just it's just a fascinating space, isn't it? as you say, I think, you know, we've all been on flights and and on and airlines and and actually I think most people probably are aware that a lot is being done by a computer, but there is just that kind of trust and reassurance that there is a human who is fully capable to take over when you know where when and if right something something may happen or just someone that you can communicate with that can relay that information. Whilst now everyone's okay for AI to write their email, produce their sales deck or even take sales calls and everything else for them, you know, but people are unsure about getting their products delivered by robots or robotics or drones and things like that. I think we're just going to see that shift is it's a hard shift in into in the consumer world because people aren't used to it. it is relatively >> um unknown and and fearful um for that fear of that unknown um but it's going to happen. And I think that's what's really important for everyone in the audience to understand is that say your business, it's all about actually limiting some of the applications of of drones and autonomous uh physical AI and everything along that line just to ensure that they are safe and they are best for humanity that we are we are you know you're not a regular you're not a regulatory body but you're you're in place as a safeguard. Um maybe you can view it as the antivirus software for your laptop but but in in the application >> firewall for autonomy. >> Exactly. And this is something which is you know you are really bullish on where this is going but you're not saying that it can be applied across absolutely everything and anything. So the business safe autonomy you raised $1.2 $2 million um from Silicon Valley pre-revenue super technical space. Um you'd never raised money before. You were ticking all the boxes for this not to happen, but you managed to get it done. You managed to get it over the line. One thing you definitely had for you was an a deep experience level um going into this space. Like there's not many people who can say that they know this space as well as you. However, uh they are they they can be viewed as sharks. They they are they are not the easiest uh sort of mission that you had to to go, I'm sure. Um but how was that? How was it getting that over the line and and such quite a significant value? Um especially when you may have not known how much you might need. >> Yeah, it's it's a really interesting question and this is quite an emotive one for me in some ways actually. So I I I obviously knew nothing about venture capital when I started this journey other than that it was a thing and people raised money. So uh I went and read venture deals um which lots of people will will tell you to read because you know it it gives you the the very quick read in a couple of days. This is what a term sheet is. This is what VCR like. This is how you should negotiate. Right? Uh but that really helped just to understand that that world. So we um we spent a bit of time before we founded about eight months or so really digging into you know how much this might cost us, how much we really thought we needed to get to a minimum viable product and that you know we had it's pretty pretty solid cost models I think that that we went through because we were both in other jobs and that was the beauty. We had some time to to prep this. So I think going into that raise and that initial start was was was easier for us than than it could have been. uh and it gave us time to learn but we we were bootstrapped for uh just under 18 months and and were very lucky to get some some decent contracts to help us scale in the beginning. Um, I was probably missold by advice that, oh, you'll raise in three months. It'll be really easy. You'll be, you know, you you'll have raised money by April uh 24. It'll be fine. Well, we actually ended up going 5 months beyond our initial original runway from our contracts and and really having to scale back to to complete this raise. And that was from a variety of reasons. And so, we started off trying to raise in the UK and Europe. Um, and my overarching feeling of VC in the UK right now is they are not risk takers. It's no longer venture capital in the UK and Europe. It's effectively on the edge of private equity. They have zero risk appetite. They want they say they're deep tech funds. They say they're, you know, XY Z, but then they want to see a million dollars AR. They want to see like all these data points. Well, you can't be deep tech and have data points and revenue like this because we're building something new. It also has to be certified to be really commercially viable outside defense. And that alone takes 12 months from when you have a minimum viable product. And that's not something you can speed up, but you can't really sell it to those commercial organizations without that, right? So, our timelines are always going to be a bit longer than your traditional SAS company or or you know, whatever it might be. So, we had these really interesting conversations with them that uh and and you know, we ended up in due diligence with with a lot of them and got quite deep into it and we we just were not successful with raising in the UK um at all. Uh which I found interesting. It's just this this whole attitude. And then you know some friends went uh you should probably go and have a look in the US because the US is actually you know it's the home of venture capital. They they understand this kind of industry better. They understand the kind of company you have much better. Um and we had support from uh a company called Cambridge Future Tech CFT. I don't know if you've heard of those guys and they spin out companies from universities um particularly although we're not. Um Owen Thompson is actually XRF XT Typhoon pilot uh and BAE Systems. Um and and they were helping us with a lot of our our prep and and so we we kind of looked at this and went right let's let's go to America. Let's give it a go. Let's find some intros get out there. Uh and and we we were very lucky to find a lead in Fusion Fund who are parlor based fund who just got it and they got it straight away and they were excited by it and their risk appetite was one of what I believe VC should be. Okay, we can see potential in this. You have evidence that you can do this. You've proven you can do this live. You have academic people saying that this is the future. There's regulators saying that this is the kind of thing we want to see. We've got the US Air Force Research Lab and a really prominent figure there saying I don't know anyone else doing this and we need this like this. This is something we've just got to get after. And of course there's due diligence that goes with that and it's and it's a tough process. You know, you you're taking a lot of money from people. you have to convince them that you as a team and and your idea is is right. We were lucky to get some patents filed along that journey before we raised it showed that we actually had something you know special that wasn't available out there and I just found that the US was a whole new world and it happened quickly and for me that that's probably a problem for the UK and Europe right now and why you see a lot of companies just not making it here. And I hate to say that because the UK is a great place. We have incredible tech talent here. You know, all our engineers are based in the UK. Uh, and it's a really good place to have engineers because America's expensive. You know, you can have two engineers, three engineers here for the price of one who are coming out of great universities. You we've got guys from Oxford. We've got guys from Cambridge. We've just hired, and you've heard it here first, a guy from Stanford who's actually coming from Amazon 126 labs and from the US to come and work for us because he's so excited about what we're doing, which is phenomenal. So, we're actually attracting international talent from now. Um, but that that's great. But then how do you scale a company here? How do you then raise those follow on those growth funds, the scale funds which are really I think in the UK hard to get after without mega data points and the US is the answer to that because they they really really get after it. They really understand and and my understanding of their portfolios, you know, they need one company to do really well, but a lot more can fail whereas in the UK most venture capital firms will want, you know, eight of those companies to do something and only one can fail. And and I just don't think that's what the industry needs. Like there will be failures. you know, it's frontier technology for us. Market timing is everything. You know, we we have the product. We have the thing here and and I'm pretty certain we're going to make a success of it. But if the market doesn't come at the right time, well, of course we won't because once you're on that VC bandwagon and you're burning cash and you're building something with people, you know, and unless you can generate significant revenue pretty quickly, of course, you will fail. I mean, that's that's the reality of of a VC backed business, right? But it it was um it was a really interesting journey to get into those rooms and speak to people coming from you know a non-b business background and sit there and and start negotiating terms of investment and you know big figures of money that at first generally I had imposter syndrome I I was like wow am I actually the right person for this and I had a lot of conversations with my co-founder and with Owen from CTF about well actually when do I step down as CEO like how far can I go before we need to bring somebody in to do this and over the last two years actually my mindset shifted I now feel like I am in the right place like leading the business like you know the growth we've had has been significant and and we've had a lot of successes um and I think a lot of that is down to to Matt and I and the way that we have put this together and the way that we've gone after the industry which is great uh and I feel lucky to to have that bit of a mind shet shift but I'm also I think self-aware enough to go this might get too big for me in my experience and may have to move out and step down and I actually think that was something that VC really liked I was very honest about that with with the American investors particularly and went look you know I don't know how this will go uh how I will be suited to this role but if you're accepting of that then I think it's brilliant and they they they did and they actually said we actually quite like pilots we've have got other pilots who are CEOs in the portfolio from defense and and the way that you make decisions tends to be quite good you know small amounts of information rapidly making decision that could change the direction of a company well you just have to do that when you don't have the data so that's what made me feel quite good about where maybe I can learn the other things that that I need to learn um so I the the journey with VC was yeah it's interesting you will have people sit there and tell you that what you're building isn't needed that it you know companies like yours can't exist for X Y or Zed and it kind of feels good to prove them wrong um and what I found is they're generally they're generalists so they speak to an expert well their expert might be somebody that's got you know a couple of years of doing some form of robotics that has nothing to do with this area but they say oh no but we do this with teleoperation or we do that and I found that a very interesting attitude. They that they'll just go, "Yeah, no, it's not for us." And that and that's fine. So, I think when I go out and raise again now, I'll be much more tailored in in my approach to that with the funds that I speak to, the specialists who really understand these industries and probably more more than likely exclusively in the US. Um, we're actually raising an over subscription at the moment, uh, because our leads encourage us to do that and that will really help accelerate some of our go to market in the States. Um and and weirdly we've had some quite a bit of interest actually from UK and Europe and VC suddenly and and this is where I find the industry quite fickle. Some of those we've spoken to before uh but now we've raised and it's done that they're like oh actually this is quite interesting we'll come back and and I think you just have to get used to that that at the end of the day everybody's in it to make money right and so they have to be they have to be certain that they're going to get a return or to some some level. Um, but I think for me as a lead, I'll always go American from now on because one, the industry we work in is very big in the States. They're much further forward. It's a big market, but I just like their get up and go, their drive to to get things done. I really like their attitude towards startups and how they get business done. >> Uh, and I think that differs significantly from the UK, and it's something we need to fix. We need to bring better funding here. We need to change our work ethic here, too. And, and I touched on that a bit earlier. I'm really trying to drive a bit more of a San Francisco style work ethic in our company that still maintains a work life balance for employees. I don't want people in the office at 3 in the morning grinding away sleeping there. You know, I think that's stupid. But I do think when I look at counterparts in in the US and you see what they achieve in very short spaces of time, most of that is down to the attitude that we probably don't have in the UK quite the same. It's easy as a founder, right? we're building it for ourselves, but trying to get a workforce on board with, well, actually, we might need to work Saturday because we've got to get this done to deliver this. And, you know, when we interview, we're quite clear about that. Like, you know, we want to be we want to be flexible with how you work. We want you to be able to have a family life, but at the same time, there are going to be days when we need to grind this out. We're going to have to go hard, and that goes above and beyond what a lot of companies will. And I think the UK struggles a little bit with that. Now, it's not necessarily connected to venture capital in a sense, but I think the data that VC have support that US startups will always outperform UK and European startups generally now from what they they've shown us. And and that there I think is is the major issue. If we want to get UK VC to back companies and take more risk, we need to have a more of a San Francisco mindset to provide the returns that those kind of VCs are getting. Um, you know, >> this episode is sponsored by Opus. Opus brings entrepreneurs together to create opportunity through power of connection. Opus is a curated community for business builders who understand that relationships are the backbone of business and success. If you are an entrepreneur, founder, business builder, laser focused on a mission, Opus could be for you, too. To find out more, go to joinopus.org. Now, back to the show. >> Yeah. I mean, you you touched on a couple of the really positive elements of the journey thus far. Now, I know that you were only a matter of hours away from completely running out of cash at some point. >> Yeah. >> Um, >> we were. Yeah. >> That's some of the dark days of being a founder. And I mean, you said to me, you know, 10 minutes ago on this podcast saying every few years a pilot or or a military personnel will swap into a new role and they have to learn really fast. >> Now, that's learning really fast as a founder. You know, you've been in the role for two years. You've achieved so much already in such a short period of time. You've had it had the role as a side gig to your full-time job. You've gone full-time. You've raised capital. You've sold into mega organizations. You've made good revenues. You've hired teams. I can keep listing stuff, but the point of this is that that's lots of positivity, >> but there's also some really dark times. >> Yeah. um talk us through what happened there. >> Yeah, so so end of last year uh when we were raising actually and I kind of touched this a minute ago, we we went way over our runway that we had anticipated to because we didn't raise as quick as we thought we would. Uh and obviously we made the shift to the US, but actually we um we kind of finished uh closing up the round in in around October uh of last year. Um but there were some delays in we were doing a Delaware flip. So we actually flipped our our business into into the US as a as a US top. That was a business decision to do with selling into the US defense ecosystem. Uh and so separating IP between UK and and US. So a whole different structural thing and a whole different topic. But um there were some delays around doing that. We were classified as a national security critical technology. So we had to get approval from the government uh to actually do that. That took a lot longer than we were expecting. So of course until all that was done, the investment couldn't land in the account that was going into the US Topco. Uh and then we we got to uh all of it sort of coming together in December and when the money was ready to be transferred uh there were some delays due to locations of individuals uh who needed to be the in the fund to sign things off. It was around Christmas and in the end we we got the money in the bank uh I think it was about uh 8:00 p.m. on the 31st of December UK time. the money had to be in there before midnight because it had to go in in the US financial year and we had 21 or 22 pounds left in our company bank account. Um you know we we hired people who we made aware if this all falls through the company will cease to exist but they amazingly and and you know hats off to them. They took the risk and they joined us with only three months runway left. Uh there was they're still with us and doing well. But it was a really dark moment for me. I was sat there on New Year's Eve going there's still no money. there's still no money. I can't get hold of the people. Thinking, you know, this is it. Like we we'd we we'd already sold to people. We we had like this product. It was growing. It was really exciting. We were super super excited about being able to scale and build that engineering team and go fast. And I just thought the dream was was over. Um and I was like, what do I do now? Like how am I what am I going to do next? Like this has been such a cool journey so far. And you know, we're only just over a year old at the time. Uh maybe 14 15 months. Uh yeah, it was really dark. And I I I really didn't know what to do. Uh I didn't want to have to ring people and say, "I'm really sorry. Like we failed. Like we we didn't we didn't get the money in the bank and and that's it." And when the money landed at like I think it was 22 minutes past 8 and suddenly we had, you know, 1.2 million sat in a bank account and I'm like, "Oh my god, we're good to go." Like this. So you went from the darkest low to the absolutely massive high of knowing you now had the runway you needed sort of that 18 months to to scale that team. go quick, hire people and and get on with it. And that that was just game changing. And honestly, that that that day was one of the worst of my life for feeling just like depressed and sad. And you know, we had, like I say, we had employees and I'm like, I'm now responsible for these people's livelihoods and I'm going to have to tell them, I'm sorry, that's it. You've left your other job. You've been here 3 months and and and it's over. Yeah. It was it was it was dark. Uh and you see that coming, of course, because you're every month you're getting closer and closer and closer to that. Uh and and then when we when we'd signed the term sheets and we' done everything in October, we were we kind of relaxed a bit. We cool, we're good to go. And clearly eight weeks later, you know, we still still hadn't uh had the money land in the in the bank. So yeah, it it's it's tough. And I do though think that that was one of the most defining experiences for both Matt and I as founders because we have been down to the the last bit of the wire that you could possibly get before it was over. So I hope that that's the darkest point we ever face. Uh, and we know what that feels like. Uh, and I think we can look back at that and go, "Okay, it's probably not as bad today, the problem we've got, than it was in December of 24." Um, so actually, I don't think it's a bad thing for people to experience. I I wouldn't want people to get that close to it. But, you know, I I think it was a good learning experience for us to to understand and feel that. >> that's that's honestly it's such an incredible story and I can I can feel how raw it is for you. Yeah. Um I hope that you know when it got to midnight last year that you enjoyed yourself every year from now on you should call Matt at 8:22 on the 31st December and just say hi and just say we made it through another year. I mean incredible story. Can I just add as well actually that that what links to this I think is when I look back and I think where we were in September 2023 and this is what's so cool and crazy about startups right >> there were two of us >> um you know nobody was full-time nobody was being paid you know we had this dream we founded this company um Matt was getting ready to to leave and and come on board you know as our first full-time paid person as soon as we landed some contracts which we did with our research contracts we were lucky to get those early but there were only two of us for a long time and then I came on board full-time as kind of the second full-time guy. That was, you know, September 23, Matt was full-time in February 24. Uh I came on not long after that as a full-time employee. And when I look at where we were then uh and then where we were when we raised uh and where we are now in what June of 25, if you'd have told me two years ago we'd be sat here, you know, with a you know, an an office in central London with a team of 10 people here developing with, you know, relatively significant revenues for the stage of of where we are. You know, an international business with presence in Austin in the States as well with a team growing there. I I would have laughed and been like this isn't possible but this is what is so cool about taking a risk and building something that you believe in and I would encourage anybody who has that dream to just do it because the hardest part is doing it and it is hard there are highs and lows but if you can have an idea that is going to help an industry and it can be a niche one you know you don't have to be venture capital back that's the thing you don't have to build a billion dollar company you can do this for yourself in a smaller scale to solve something that you care about and I think often that gets forgotten because you probably talk to a lot of people who are VC backed or P backed or whatever or been very lucky to scale quickly with revenues but it can be a small business and I just think people should do it like being an entrepreneur is incredible doing it for you when it's all about well I say doing it for you but you're controlling that journey doing it for the thing you believe in there's nothing more rewarding than than doing that uh and you can just achieve so many cool things if you get the right people behind you on that journey with you so and I know a lot of people that listen to this podcast are probably already on that journey but for those that listen and and aren't and are thinking about it, just do it. Because in reality, the way I look at this, if you're technical, which I'm I'm not, so I'm not a coder, right? So, I felt like I took a bit more risk cuz I was giving up a career in flying, which is, you know, well paid. It's a comfortable lifestyle for something bigger. And I fear like, well, what happens if this goes wrong? How do I get back to that because I won't be current? But if you're technical particularly, where really is the risk for you? And and people don't address this enough. People think it's super risky to start a business. Well, yeah, you can fail. But you know what? If you're technical and you've done this and you've had this journey, it's actually a big tick I think for people that are hiring in the future. You know, if you have a degree in in engineering or whatever it is that you're doing or a coder, you'll get another job afterwards if it goes wrong. And I probably that's maybe a controversial thing to say because erasing have to be playing with others people's money. It doesn't mean to say you should be responsible with it and you shouldn't really believe in the thing you're doing. But if it does all go wrong, there is a world out there for you afterwards, I think. And and and not enough people think that way. I think that that's another UK mindset. were very big on it's risky. You know the amount of friends who are like why would you do that and like because we could change the world and that's worth doing. Um I think in the US again that mindset's a bit different. People kind of see that risk worth taking go well you know what if it goes wrong I'll go back and work somewhere else. >> Uh and and I think we need to have that mindset here a bit more. I mean it's the best master's degree you'll ever do 100% >> like you know and you are correct um and you kind of cover both off here which is you might be young you might be old and how however sort of far in your career you are but yes you you might be leaving a well- paid job um and you may have to take that hit for a few years um but at the end of it if it does fail then you can go back and and find another job and especially if you're technical you're you're going to high commodity, especially now because if you're a co-founder, >> you will most likely have a bit more commercial uh prowess as well, which you kind of you don't really have much choice in when you're doing your own thing. But likewise, if it then succeeds, then your potential wage or potential happiness to be honest is just going to be well exceeding um exceeding that. And as you said, you know, I promise you I'll stop the cliches, but you know, you you'll be the pilot of your own plane when you when you do your, you know, your own business. Um, but let's let's talk about that split decision making. >> You know, split-second decision- making. This is something you've talked about a couple of times already in this episode, which is >> when you were a pilot, you had to make quick decisions with limited information. It's something which you really, you know, maybe share that quote on the on the wall at the office. Um, but like let's take it back to to when you were making decisions which potentially or did impact people's lives, including your own. >> Was there a time in in in the RAF when you were on a mission and you made >> that decision in an instant when when you were just like, "Wow, now I'm really looking back at that and going, what what a sort of scenario that was that I had to make a decision?" >> Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I mean there there are many I think um but there is one that stands out and I know you you've heard the story before. Um so I flew a variety of different aircraft while I was in the Air Force but um my last frontline type was uh the A330 Voyager. So it's a tanker transport for for the RF and VIP transport and I was very lucky to do all of those roles. So flying the prime minister of the Royals around uh which was absolutely phenomenal um at time. But we also uh operated out in Iraq and Syria uh doing air to air refueling with that. And uh I think it was 2017. It was either 16 or 17. I was flying with a guy uh I won't use his name but called Mark. Um we got on very well together and we were in the night waves. There was two waves a day, day and night. Um we were over Syria and I used to listen to a lot of the other radios. So Voyager has a lot of radios. Uh and and especially at night, I just found it interesting listening into what was going on. Uh and I I heard some guys getting into trouble. So, we were refueling some UK typhoons at the time and and we used to do something called dragging. So, we we drag them towards where they were going, which is something that that's very British. Uh we trying to help people out. It's why people like the British tankers, you know, we get them more time on their task and and sort of head in that direction. And I was listening and I hear these two uh US naval F-18s getting into trouble. So, they they I think they stayed on task a little bit longer than they probably should have done to get something done. So, the fuel state was a little bit low. They'd gone to their tanker, the US tanker that had gone US. So, it broke. it was unserviceable. They'd gone to another one and amazingly that also broke and that left them in a in a situation where effectively they didn't have diversion fuel anymore. So their only option now was going to be head like towards the nearest safe place they could and eject over Iraq and Syria which as you can imagine is not a good uh a good solution. And you could hear the fear in their voices on the radio. So I I said to Mark like look can you can you handle all of this with the MSA? I'm just going to do some calculations cuz I've just heard something. I'll come back to you in a sec. And and this is where the team trust thing comes in, right? We're in the middle of, you know, I think we had probably four typhoons with us, you know, completely pitch black, uh just using the IR cameras to to do all this stuff over a war zone. And he's like, "Okay, cool. I'll come back to me." He just that trust is there that you're you're doing something that's important. So I went and ran some numbers on the fuel and went, "Okay, right. Um I think we can give them um you know, I think it was about four or five tons of fuel that we had spare. Uh, and if we head towards them, they're around 120 miles away, we get them coming towards us, and we get that coordinated, we might we might be able to stop them injecting. Uh, so I came back to Mark and went, "Hey, look, this is what's going on. We've got this much fuel. What do you think?" And he was like, "Yeah, I agree. We got to do it. We got to do it." So, uh, I I coordinated that. We we got heading towards these guys. You know, the Typhoon's like, "We'll take fuel and go." And the long and short of it is we we met up with those uh those guys in the in the dark in the middle of Syria. Uh they got on the hoses and and normally you would join the aircraft in a really safe way. You have to come up on the left do all these procedures to get behind the hoses. They were like we have to go straight for the hoses on night vision goggles which we weren't supposed to really do. And this is where you know sometimes you break rules because it's worth it and you can guarantee it's probably going to be safe. These guys got on the hoses and you could hear in their voices how scared they were and they were like guys we we had less than 30 seconds of fuel left when we got on your hoses. Like you've saved our lives. um like will be ever indebted to you for for what you did. Uh and they managed to get themselves to uh I don't know whether they got back to the carrier or whether they got to a diversion in in Turkey, but we know that they they landed safely. They survived. And it really sticks with me that actually because it's that split second, right? Can we do this? Like we obviously can't put our own guys in danger either. Do we have the fuel to do it for ourselves? It came from our own fuel tank. So we had like limits of what we could do and predefined mission stuff. But to actually do that and know and unfortunately I've I've never met those guys. I was really hoping we could we could locate them afterwards and speak to them just to have that phone call and unfortunately we we never managed to to track them down. But if they are listening or anyone knows anyone who've heard the story before like I'd still love to speak to them like you know 10 years later because it it it's one of the things that just gives me um a great feeling whenever I'm down. I often think about that actually that we we made that difference and that's the kind of difference we want to make to humanity with what we're doing actually is is this ability to to enable this for everybody. And again, as I said earlier, save lives and safety critical and mission critical industries. Um, but yeah, it was a it's a really cool thing to have done. There's many people with stories like that. You know, this stuff happens all the time in the military across every fleet. People, you know, I flew the Chinuk helicopter uh for a while. Uh, and you know, the guys who were doing medevac out in Afghanistan day in day out, you know, they were saving lives every single day. You know, that that that became a routine thing for for that force. uh and and still is when you know they're deployed everywhere all the time and and people don't realize like how many people from the UK are actually deployed globally for what is a really small force doing this stuff every day. It's just normal to people in that world and then you realize very quickly it really isn't normal. You know, you become accustomed to that. Uh and and what we did was like a small thing. You know, people have done way harder things in way riskier situations. Um, but this is why I I really think defense uh backed individuals, people that come out of every service are actually maybe undervalued in our society sometimes with with what they can really achieve. People look at academic qualifications a lot. Well, actually the the school of 30 years of the military that some of these guys have is incredible and they will just apply that to you to your organization. They follow rules. They they make good decisions. They come in, they absorb your culture and they just get on with it and and I love that. Let's talk. Yeah, let's talk about culture then. So, you're now a leader. You're, you know, you and Matt are leading the team forward. You're sort of put putting your uh foot to the gas and you're you're going you're going after uh everything you are at SAFE. So, the military quite a hierarchal uh organization has a very certain leadership style most would assume. uh now going into a startup world, you know, it's all about empowerment and giving the giving your team the tools and the freedom to to get stuff done. Um although that's you know what the uh let's say the handbook would suggest >> how have you found adapting to that culture and you mentioned culture there. How have you managed to kind of pick the best of both worlds? >> Yeah, so so I think um the RAF for me, you're right, it it showed me the best and the worst of leadership styles. So, I could reference two people that one is is somebody that I want to emulate. One is the worst leadership I've ever seen and actually was a catalyst for me leaving defense because I looked at that and went, I'm never going to be that that person. This isn't for me. And actually, if that's what they are for doing senior leadership, it's the wrong place for me. Um, and so I I've looked at kind of those two things and then I looked at, well, if I blend civilian life and what people really think about leaders and what would they accept that from defense because people don't like being, you know, necessarily told what to do all the time and you certainly can't order people to do things like you can in defense, right? But what's fantastic about military leaders is I I think they're very very good at understanding their teams deeply because that's what we do. you know, you understand the people on your flight, on on your squadron, on your unit in the army, and you get to know, you know, their children's names, their wives names, you know about them, their life, and and we're we're trying to do that as safe and I know as the team grows, that becomes impossible eventually, but if we can instill that culture into all of our leaders who are running the engineering team, who are running the HR team, whatever it might be, I really believe that is one of the greatest things you can bring for defense, that knowledge of people, doesn't take long to to dig down into that and just build those personal relationships because then when things go wrong, those people are more likely to step up and help you. I think when they feel valued by you and and I that is super important is making people feel feel valued. Understand them, understand their strengths and weaknesses, help them get over their weaknesses. You know, we offer um some training to people uh for for whatever they want to do for personal development every year. Uh so we identify like what are you good at, what aren't you, what would you like to improve? Well, let's help you do that. let's pay for a course for you up to a certain amount, but like let's help you get better at that because that's good for us and it's good for you. Uh and again, it's these little psychological things that that help bring that team culture and cohesion together. Um we do um some very simple things and I don't know how, you know, common this is across the ecosystem, but every quarter we do a team social uh but we give it to somebody in the team. Um so we're like uh actually we're going next week to the F1 arcade in St. Paul's. Uh and one of the guys, Mike, he loves Formula 1. So, we just say, "Look, what do you like doing? We'll give you some money. Go and organize a social and we'll come and enjoy what you enjoy doing and and see how that makes you tick." So, some people probably don't like Formula 1, but everyone will turn up, have some food, have some drinks, drive some simulators, have a great time, and just learn something about somebody else and and we're trying to do that. And we will try to keep that going even when the company is, you know, hopefully huge because I really believe in in that social. It's not forced. It's not enforced fun. It's just learning about people while having some fun together, right? I don't you know I don't really want to do the sort of team building days and stuff. I I personally believe that you can generate that kind of thing internally in the company just by having team co and understanding the people next to you and if things aren't working talking about it and and getting after it rather than going you know and doing something about team performance and things like that I think doing it socially is actually a better way to to to achieve that. uh and if people don't want to do it that's fine too like not everybody is super social right and that that for me is is is the biggest thing also though I think you need to you know certainly as a founder there has to be some level of hierarchy and and a bit of respect for that leadership there too because what you can't have is an organization that's too loose and that's easy to have I think when it's small as it starts to to grow you know you really need that that structure so there's times when you have to be a bit I find a bit more military realistic about it in that this needs to happen for these reasons. Explain why that has to happen, but we need people to step up. And I know like again, you can't order people to do that, but from what I've seen because people are behind our vision, they're be behind our sort of culture of flexibility in their lives when it when it matters. An example of that actually, which is probably pretty controversial for a lot of companies, but we had a chat work from Singapore for 3 months because if we didn't, he wouldn't have been able to get married uh for a variety of reasons. needed a marriage license and other things, but we put together a program for him to go and do business development. He's a software developer, not a traditional business development guy. He went out and brought in business with the Singaporean government and we allowed him to do that and he worked on UK time. And now we wouldn't do that all the time, but we trusted him and it worked. And that kind of return that we get now from from that individual is huge because we enabled him to to do that. And I believe that that is the kind of leadership that the military brings and that we allow people to do things like that in defense to the party that maybe is a bit non-traditional in the business world. Um >> I mean look if any of my team are listening and they want to go and live in Singapore and bring in uh a contract the size of the Singaporean government, let me know and I'll buy you the ticket myself. Um it's super interesting. Yeah, you say I think there is like you know the balance between um being a part of that team and that really sort of embodying that team cohesion but also being the founder and sometimes having to step back and that ability is is actually quite a hard skill um but ever so important. If we're on the journey of reflecting about you, Kyle, let's take yourself back to leaving the military and, you know, you'd had a career in the RAF. You were about to pursue a super high-risk startup in a in a in an emerging industry really. Um, what advice would you give to yourself? And I know, look, you're still a super young person. You're still super young into your journey. Um, and I I can't wait to follow you um in your journey in the years to go. But what would you advice would you give to yourself and say look this is this is where where where your journey might take you. >> Yeah looking back it would have been do it faster. So when I when I had the idea initially and and we probably took maybe nine or 10 months longer to to get that going than we did looking back I I would have just gone for it. So if you have that idea, don't wait. Just do it. Because actually that eight or nine months could be the difference of you being successful or not. Especially in emerging markets where other players start to enter and other people will inevitably if you have a good idea, someone else is going to have a good idea that that's going to solve that problem. So is is if you have it, just do it. Roll the dice. Get on with it. Get in there and make it happen. Um because that's where the reward is going to going to lie. Just just don't don't wait. And don't be scared. Like you know it's worth that that step. take the scary step and just do it. Um it's hard to do that. I I know but that that would be my biggest uh bit of advice to myself along with actually I think don't listen to what other people say too much. Uh now not in business advice but when people are telling you oh you shouldn't do it for this or it's too risky or oh but won't someone else do it? Don't listen to that because generally people who think like that like you know they're never going to be entrepreneurs which is fine like we need people thinks but that negativity is what will kill your idea. If you if you're certain in inside that that idea is going to lead to something and you can really make it happen just go and do it. Uh and that that's what I would tell myself. Now >> I think it's great advice, you know, especially that second part there. I have found this time and time again. I you know I'm on to my second business now um as a founder and throughout the journey I think over time people you surround yourself uh you refine and I think even now five six years into my journey I think people are probably used to me running my own ship but especially in the early days the support I mean I look I don't want to go into it too hard right now but I think there is an element around British culture we're quite a conservative nation we're quite cautious um American attitude I think is more aligned to entrepreneurship and founder founder life where it's very brazen it's very much American dream and you can go create everything you want which sometimes needs to be reigned back quite a bit but equally you'll never start if you don't have a bit of that and I think you have to be quite brazen sometimes and I agree if you listen to everyone who's telling you if you listen to everyone you're never going to get anything done um and if you are going to listen to people be careful you use your intelligence to to to choose who you're going to listen to. And I think start with those that are builders >> because builders support other builders. Um I've now, you know, joined a number of startup communities. One of which is uh startup community called Opus and they're all about early stage startup owners and builders. They I go into that room and I I I reckon I could say anything and I'd get the support in terms of if I wanted to go do something, which is incredible. And I think surrounding myself with those type of people going to have a huge impact. >> Um just on that I'd like to add something that because that's really important. So I'm in a couple of communities actually. So ICE is another one that there's uh that I'm part of. Uh and and also Founders Pledge. So for people that don't know about Founders Pledge, this is a bit of a pitch for me for them. Um they uh you pledge some of your company. So on exit, you can choose how much that is. Uh and they will send that to charity based on what you're interested in. They do all the research and things like that. That's a phenomenal actual uh community of individuals who are at different stages of the journey, but everybody and I was I was at an event chatting about this chap for half an hour. It turns out he he'd built a unicorn some years ago. It was a multi-billion dollar company, but he was still in it, still going because he loves it. And the the kind of, you know, information and the kind of advice you can gather from these people who are generally super humble and super chilled is unreal. And the founder communities in London are fantastic. And I I have to say like you know if you are going to do a business if you are going to do a startup don't do it remotely. Um like people say it works they they I just don't believe you can have the growth remotely hybrid. Yes. Yeah. You know it's a new new world. We do three days a week in the office two days at home. That works really well. But if you don't come to somewhere like London or a major city, depending on your industry, you're just not going to scale as quick, I don't believe, because you won't have access to those founders, those communities, those people, those events that are put on by the banks, by the VCs, by other tech firms where you have these nuggets of conversation that last 5 minutes that can change the course of your thinking, your business. Like, you have to be in that environment to in it to win it. Like, you have to be. But this city is definitely really special for that. Um, you know, we only moved here as a company five months ago. We were Oxford based and our board said, "Hey, look, you need to be an on like th this is the thing that's missing." And I was a bit skeptical uh about that. I was like, "Really?" I'm now fully converted. Like having been here for that amount of time, my network has gone through the roof and it's incredible. So that's another piece of advice I'd give to people like it that's a scary step. It does cost you money, but at the end of the day, if you know that small amount of money in reality for having a space that people can come together will pay you dividends down the road to to to be in that network. >> Something that's really important >> 100%. And I think it's also outside of just networking community, which is a humongous benefit of being in a major city. I think you've also got to look at things like acquisition, marketing. You know, we're in a world right now where trust is the biggest commodity and the most important commodity in, let's say, sales, especially B2B sales. Yeah. Where >> digital marketing and digital sales are becoming less and less effective. It's a lot harder to make inroads, especially in early days. I mean, I I I come about it from a professional services background. really try really challenging whilst get yourself in a room of people for an hour, two hours, once a week, twice a month, uh or more. And I I I'd be very shocked if you don't make much quicker inroads than spending your hard-earned cash on paid advertising or um a PR agency. um they have a place. But I think that initial user research and in-person conversations and connections you're going to make like I've met you um in person. Now you may say hey James you just speak to these two people for your podcast or you'll say you know how about these two for your business. You know that those connections you only make in person they don't have the same effect online. What I want to ask you next is all around luck. Um you've had a career in in uh you know in in the military and sort of afterwards as well. You then jumped into entrepreneurship and became you know a founder which you're doing every day the everyday founder. What do you value more? Is it luck or talent in being a successful founder? >> Um I I think half of everything is luck right. Timing is everything. meeting the right people. You know, you you can't write those. They're chance encounters. And you know, we couldn't do this without the team that we have. You know, no single person can do this on their own. And and I'm not technical. You know, I'm just here running this business. I had an idea that the technical team and and my co-founder have brought to life. Like that was lucky to meet Matt to meet the people we have to have hired those. And I I think that's probably the the biggest piece of the lot. You know, you need talent. Of course you do. as a you know in the technical team for me I I think it's it's a little bit of luck and a and a lot of hard work um but anyone can do this I truly believe that like you do not have to have Oxford and Cambridge degrees and all this stuff to do this and actually I'd hasten to say that some of the best people I ever met in defense were the least educated of the lot but they had an abundance of ability and talent to to get that job done um so you know yeah for for me it I I value luck over all of that because you need some luck in this. You know, the odds are against you. Uh and you will be lucky to be one of the the four or five%, you know, that make it. Inevitably, there will have been hard work and talent behind that. But I I think, you know, almost every startup, the idea is solid. It's just you're lucky to hit the timing. >> Superb answer. Superb answer. And Kyle, where can people find you if they want to follow your journey after this episode? >> Yeah. So, you can find me on LinkedIn. Uh you search for Kyle Thomas. you'll see me as obviously the CEO at Safe Autonomy. Um we have a website safe autonomy.ai. Uh you can find out more about the company there. That's a bit of a holding page intentionally still at the moment, but very soon you'll see a much better website with products and other bits and pieces on there. Uh and also you'll find me on Instagram. Um I I don't do that as a CEO page. It's just more about my life outside. And you know, I don't really plug that, but it's there at Skydive Kyle. Uh I know to my old days when I used to throw myself out of airplanes for fun. Um because I was a bit of bit of an idiot back then. Um so you find me there too. Um and and also we're actually starting uh blogging soon. So on our website you'll see uh monthly papers, monthly blogs about the industry, about the state of autonomy. Uh that should be happening from from next month. So once that goes live, please do follow follow the blog. Yeah. >> Watch the space. Amazing. Safe is S A I F for anyone. But it said safe. Kyle, thank you so much. You have been my everyday founder. >> Yeah. Thank you very much. It's been a pleasure to be here.

- EAA Founder’s Innovation Prize: Kind: captions Language: en we're here today in what is perhaps the most appropriate setting for talking about EA's new Founders Innovation prize and that's our founder Paul H poz's original airplane Factory and workshop where Paul himself put hand in mind to work to create innovative solutions to the problems that Aviation faces our membership the EAA members eers if you will perhaps have more possibilities of impacting and affecting safety and Aviation than any other group or Community within Aviation it's the freedoms that we have in experimental amateur built that allow us to explore and innovate and design and create and our members have a great great opportunity to do so to impact all of Aviation the statistics show that between 2001 and 2011 over 40% of all fatal accidents in general aviation are a direct result of loss of control most notably during takeoff phase and during the landing phase is when these fatal accidents occur the EA membership our members this community of homeb Builders stand the best chance of doing something about this our army of members can put pen and paper and mind together and come up with innovative solutions that can ultimately reverse this trend and truly impact not only experimental Aviation But ultimately all of general aviation and reversing this important safety Trend EAA has a long Legacy of putting framework around great ideas and helping the members such as yourself bring bring great things to the rest of the community this year is no exception in that we're announcing the founders Innovation prize a competition for all of you to consider participation in that ultimately could lead you to winning the first place prize of $25,000 you can find all the details necessary to complete your entry on the EA website listed below we've assembled an iconic panel of Judges here's a message from a couple of them to tell you why this is such an important effort loss of control has been our Nemesis in general aviation and and Amer built uh aircraft for many many years in fact it's such a high percentage of our accidents that we really need to dig in and do something about it so we wanted to tap into the Innovative Spirit of our community especially Amer Builders who test things and prove them and then they actually find their way into production airplanes um use that Innovation to try to solve this problem uh so this prize uh will be $25,000 for the first place winner 10 for the second place and five for a third place winner be awarded during a presentation at theater in the woods um entries have been already opened uh and you can submit up through the 1 of June next year we want you to bring anything and everything because you know the loss of control issue is a broad ranging set of problems that culminate in losing control of your aircraft everything from training to new systems uh designs uh anything you can think of that could break through this problem and start to reduce our acent rates is welcome and will be will be evaluated in in the contest um we will raise the awareness of the issue we will be thinking about the innovative ways to solve it and in the in in the process we will save a lot of lives and improve our safety record in aviation I know many Pilots no doubt look at this loss of control as something that happens to somebody else never to me but if we're very honest with ourselves we have to admit there have been times in our flight career that we found found ourselves not in the total position of control that we thought we were and from that perspective we all need to learn more and to practice more so I'm going to be a part of the judging team for the founders Innovation prize and I'm really thrilled to do that because I want to really see the Innovation Bubble Up that we are so known for in EA uh I built a very easy uh I've flown a lot of different airplanes in my career having been in the Air Force as a test pilot an astronaut at Nasa I have been very very privileged to fly a lot of different kinds of airplanes and I always point back to the EA as the place where all the Innovation comes from uh when you think about it a composite aircraft started in EAA and uh it's now just starting to find its way into full airf frames on airliners uh the first use of electronic ignition uh Advanced avionics a lot of things find their way into aviation in the amiter bill community so we have what it takes to tackle this problem [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertobeltramelli4138: Hope some solutions for this problem come to light! Good Luck to the applicants!

- "Where the future is" with Alex Mans, Founder & CEO, FLYR: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone Jess here and today I'm joined with Alex mans founder and CEO of flyer thank you so much for speaking with me today thank you for having me of course so flight cancellations and delays seem to be a paino for Airlines at the moment and it feels like this is just getting worse why well fundamentally the reservation systems the booking engines the pricing systems that Airlines rely on they are expensive they are unreliable and most importantly they are build on technologies that date back to the ' 80s and '90s in most cases and Industry formats that have existed for decades this is extremely prone to disruption and failure this is fundamentally one of the core reasons why this failure keeps turning into cancellations and disruptions for passengers as well so it's at least in part to do with these Legacy systems and it's heavily tied to the Legacy systems uh absolutely in the language these systems speak and this is why it's so important that the industry is moving forward into NDC iy one order right to store information in a more modern format that's great and this week one of the big topics of course has been Ai and we've seen this throughout the year not just not just today but is this um is this just a trend and how can companies meaningfully use AI y so I think there's a few different companies in AI there is the companies that are doing fundamental research like open AI they're developing uh new models like new foundational models there's the companies that are building wrappers or applications on top of those models but are fundamentally just building an interface and then there are the companies that are practically applying AI any type of AI model effectively to solve a business problem I think the the lad is really where the future is and that's a persistent type of company like flyer is one of those companies right how do we help improve pricing how do we more accurately forecast the future those are here to stay and we've been doing it for 5 years we'll continue to to do it for 5 years and Beyond but I think there are a lot of companies that are called a tourist in the AI landscape right now for sure that's very interesting so yeah it' be good to see how how it Compares in prominence next year as well if it continues to dominate the conversation or if it changes y so another massive point of conversation has been sustainability and the industry's journey to Net Zero Y no one can do it alone I think that's the bottom line but how does Tech play Road in this journey yeah so outside of course the electrification of aircraft through hydrogen then eventually battery um and the adoption of uh sustainable aviation fuel right saf which we don't play in right that's the physical world where the software the bits and the bites um but in our case for example um airlines are using our technology and our AI to forecast more accurately what load factor or demand will look like in the future and by doing that they are much more effective at up or downg gauging their aircraft or increasing or decreasing the frequency of their flights and by doing that they end up with less empty seats they end up with higher densities and effectively a lower you know uh carbon impact per passenger because there were less seats so software is able to have Airlines run a more efficient operation and waste less space and as such waste less fuel say that's sort of efficiency and optimization yeah absolutely and um moving forward what's next for flyer that that that's a great question so um we started in Revenue management we expanded into advanced forecasting that allows you to do things like forecast revenue forecast no shows forecast cancellation um we then expanded following some Acquisitions um into booking engines got a company called new Shore that is now powering websites like avianca.com right the booking experience for the customer we bought a company out of Germany that is now enabling uh offer and Order management for Airlines to reduce and remove move to dependency on the traditional reservation system the system I mentioned earlier that is holding them back um we have fully integrated those companies uh and now we are looking for deeper Partnerships with the ecosystem that is you know departure Control Systems accounting systems Erp Solutions upgrade Solutions uh because I strongly believe that the future of Airline technology is built around Open Standards by which we can communicate together and a modular approach where the a has the ability to buy one solution from one company another solution from another instead of being forced to buy everything from one vendor thank you for elaborating on that and looking forward to next year now what motivated your decision to join us as a title sponsor so the world Aviation Festival is very unique in in the way that it brings together the the best Minds in Airline technology or Aviation Technology as well as the operator side the airlines themselves so it's the one place where you can meet everybody in one place right uh there's very few events in the world where that occurs especially this year it's the first year where we have like an incredible audience an incredible size of a conference everybody is here if you want to meet Airline X they have people here so you're unique in that way and you know we couldn't resist to uh to to sponsor and support the event um give the opportunity for our customers to also present what they're doing with us um and give them a a stage effectively uh as much as we have a stage for ourselves fantastic well thank you for joining me today and I'm looking forward to next year thank you very much

- How This Founder Is Disrupting Aviation with a 40-Seater eVTOL | Intelligent Wealth Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the latest episode of the Intelligent Wealth Podcast. I'm very excited to bring to you a very interesting uh guest uh we've got today uh who is Fa Farzam. I did practice that a few times. I hope I got it right. Fresh. Um this is a very interesting lady um who is born and grew up in Germany in Hamburg and she is the CEO and founder of Light Aviation LY TE uh which is an Evol company. If any of you haven't heard of what that is, it's a electronic vehicle takeoff and landing. Uh it's basically where your car becomes a plane effectively. Um apparently we'll all have them on our drives in the future which is quite interesting. So um so what I wanted to do was just introduce you to Fresh and we'll have a little chat about um her business and her life and I think you'll find it quite interesting. So hello Fresh and welcome to the show. How are you today? Hi Tony. Thank you so much for having me on the podcast. I appreciate it. Thank you. Great. I'm great. Yes. Spring is coming so yeah everything is blossoming. So, what I like to do with all my guests is just find out a little bit about the person before we get into the uh detail of the business that that you're in because they're mostly business owners I interview. So, could you tell us a little bit about your background, your growing up, uh your school, you know, your your family? Was it, for example, workingass, middle class, upper class, that kind of thing? Could you tell us a little bit about that? Give us a bit of a flavor of you. Sure. Sure. I think I uh I might open up a few chapters that I haven't opened up uh before. So, thank you for these questions, Tony. Um yeah, I was I was born and raised here in Hamburg. So, I'm a quite a loyal Hamburg Hamburg. So, yeah. And yeah, I I went to school here. I I studied here. Um I think due a bit due to my um autism that I had back then I I I sort of was struggling with studies with the university but I my mom and my dad they're both academics. So um they sort of insisted that I had to study and so it took me a long time like almost eight years to finish up two two degrees and so because I wasn't um I was looking always for something bigger and then of course uh during my my studies I started traveling and um and then I saw the US I saw New York uh as a student I was like wow this is it this is like there's something much bigger out there and um uh yeah of course being trained being uh going for the certifications, the degrees and everything and then suddenly you see a completely different life like is everything is there. You just need to reach for it. You just need to grab it. And uh so that just really woke me up and I uh started uh questioning a lot of things, a lot of uh existential um questions, philosophical questions, but also um just trying to understand life but also technology. It always caught my attention. So, and then uh I started working um the the typical 9 toive jobs and consulting and um I I still was was craving for something bigger. It was not me. So, I was still like uh I had this this this fire in me that was just looking for something um which I couldn't really put my finger on it. And so I I was uh quite the motivator amongst my friends and and and colleagues usually like to to see how I can light up their fire. And that's when I noticed okay wait there's something that I have but I just need to form it and shape it more. And uh so and then it came that I got into the um industry like with working with uh um renewable energy that really fascinated me and also like understanding what's going on in the world where are we heading towards like the next 50 years and then just coming back and seeing okay which technologies do we have. So it was just really um yeah putting things in my mind together and then also approaching uh different technologies like cabon uh direct air capture for example fascinated me. I was sitting there and reading a 500page book just to grasp it and understand it like okay this is fascinating it's so simple but it's doable and it's so scalable. So I I I noticed that my craving was to scale up technology. uh why does no one scale it up uh and faster and bigger? So, and I think that that drive um also with with and then I I came to green hydrogen um uh upstream market um actually setting up uh the the plants uh and they were looking for investors and um so I I was working with the company together and we sort of like uh uh I I helped them uh put the right uh strategic partners together, the investors and again my craving was always like why don't we just scale it up or why don't we just go for gig So, and that's when I noticed, wait, stop. Uh, I think I it's time for me to actually do something um and create something myself. And that's when I saw the air taxis. Um, I was fascinated by by their design by by their their courage u their boldness to actually disrupt an an industry that hasn't been disrupted I think in the last 60 years. And um yes, so that's um and then the technology, the batteries, um the the ducted fans, everything was just all the details. Uh fascinating. And then I I I asked myself, okay, why is everyone talking about that two-seater? Why is no one talking about a 20 or a 40seater uh so if you can actually do that? And then suddenly I could see the whole matrix. Wow, if you actually have a 40-seater uh AV tall that can take off vertically, what you can actually do worldwide with trans transportation. It's like in my mind it became the internet that actually uh disrupted um the the delivery of information from point to point much faster. So uh and for me his sky bus was like suddenly wow okay imagine you can do this 40 passengers pointtooint much quicker transition uh 4 and a half ton much quicker transition of cargo. So this is where I I got in and then then it took me uh still three years to um uh it in the stealth mode to uh with my team put put the concept together, the designs together and then actually uh have the courage and work on my confidence to go public with it to actually um announce to the world. And uh it was interesting times because uh in November 2022 my mom passed away and then I of course during my grief um I was sort of like this project was still not announced and then 3 months later something told me okay this is time it's time to announce it and that's when I um called up a few contacts and I as I told them I'm going to come on stage and uh present it for the first time our project and I I so much support from day one like when I the day that I announced it and the resonance I got in the audience and uh and the press and it just went viral uh in aviation and uh from then on the the journey was very like it was I think a mirror of my confidence that I had built into my own vision into everything that I had achieved uh so far. Uh what's coming across Fster is that you're very um driven, very ambitious. You you how much of this would you attribute to your background, your your your upbringing? Because you did tell me before the show started your parents were from Afghanistan and quite often immigration immigrants for first or second generation are quite driven, aren't they? And you seem to be the classic example of that is what I get. you're very hungry to succeed. Do you think that had a lot to do with it? That was that the gave you the drive? That is a very good question. I think uh spiritually also I'm asking myself that like oh uh what what brought us here to Hamburg because I have a very safe environment to actually um blossom all my life and uh and I think also um existentially yes. I think uh it was uh um I I actually had a I wrote a a little piece the other day about my mom and my dad and I think it's immigration is one thing I think I haven't really um felt it that much because I was easily integrated from kindergarten age uh into the German culture but I think for me it was more um yeah maybe the bridge between two cultures understanding two cultures maybe having a hybrid mentality already like uh implement mented in me and understanding like okay this is how different cultures were different um even with with as a salesperson I could understand my customers easier but also drive came from um I guess my mother was very um uh a lionhearted like very like like there was no um there's no no limit to our dreams and u my dad yeah and my my dad was um a bit more the fearful one So I think I had to find the but full of love. So uh he's uh just I guess a big heart and so I had to understand and to to keep that balance or to learn the weaknesses and the strengths from those two. Yeah. Then uh still drive for uh my uh goats. Yeah. Yeah. You do come across as quite a very happy person. So you must have had a very happy childhood. um to end up in Germany is quite interesting because of course Germany is famous as industrial uh country and and famous for engineering and so on. I mean you probably couldn't have ended up in a better country in that respect for what you're pioneering here with Evtos even though I have to admit it it was uh a struggle. Uh it was a struggle especially coming back from the US and and constantly trying to flee basically back to the US even during my studies because um that was giving me the the passion the visionaries I do it and then here I I would come back and would be like yeah fresh as you know you have to be realistic you have to take a step by step I was like no no no I don't want to take a step by step I want to really like just pursue um my goals and um so it can be tomorrow and it can be 10 years But it's still I do it today. So, so it sounds to me that what you're experiencing is what many people experience in America. It's a great entrepreneurial nation. I mean, it really it is a land of opportunity still, don't you think? And it just has that effect on you because everything's built to help you succeed in America in business, isn't it? You know, so that's what you want really, don't you want don't want to be held back, especially if you're very ambitious like you. So, that's quite quite nice to hear. Yeah. Very good. And it's interesting that that's why I got the the resonance from uh a lot of the the the US um uh instit institutions like from from US companies uh um the mindset is there they immediately they grasp they they understood what I'm doing with the 40 seater EVL and I got a lot of support from them whether it's like some governmental institutions or some corporates um they were immediately there and I think that's why um England I I see similar mindset there and uh so it's it's um it's really about the mindset and I think I I do thrive in areas sometimes I just travel like to places to Dubai or to to to London just to feel that vibe and that um you agreed agreed you literally can feel the buzz can't you in places like Dubai you do feel it you know it's it's amazing you can't touch it but you feel it can't you exactly exactly it's incredible the energy there um so so fresh why don't you tell us a little bit about your own company here that you founded this light aviation. I've I've got a description here. 40seater Evol, which strikes me as amazing. I didn't know you could have that many seats in an Evol. I thought it was like one or two. How did you manage that? Yeah, I think it was it was also like for me like uh first of all like breaking my own mental barriers and actually pushing the limits here and um um it's uh well by by by understanding the technologies like the the two-seater and four-seater air taxis that are currently on the market even so like five years ago I I had to understand um what what is it that they're doing and why is it such a billion dollar market why why this hype so I think had as a business woman just or as a business person just uh really triggered me. I was like okay yes what's going on there that's why I had to uh understand um the the ecosystem and of course like uh all the investments into the battery storage energy storage the the robotics AI etc. because I was like okay this is much bigger than I had actually um seen in the initially and then the more I understood the the game the the business um concept behind it um it's amazing and that what it can actually uh the impact on on on um on the other end once it's actually achieved so it's uh yeah uh it's it's yeah it's groundbreaking so and that's when I uh looked into um actually um getting some aerospace engineers uh on the table uh explaining to me the technologies um so I can so I can actually put myself into an engineer's um great and then I asked the right questions and uh that's what I was okay uh well that's in that case it doesn't make sense to even go with a battery fully battery electric or fully hydrogen uh uh evol currently so with the technologies that we have currently on the market uh but uh what we can do is let's just go with a combustion engine and uh hydrogen electrics. So we take them both uh solutions in one and uh even though it's it's of course challenging but I think that's where we have to start like with at least a part of it to be hydro burning question to ask you Fresh out of my ignorance of EV tolls. Um how safe is an EVTOL compared to other modes of uh flying? How safe is it? And what keeps it in the air? I mean, I've got this ignorant impression that it's all run on um mobile phone signals or internet and what happens if that goes, you know, you just crash, don't you? I mean, that's my simplistic thoughts about it, but I'm probably wildly wrong here. I mean, how safe is it and what keeps it in the air? I I like your question, Tony. Um I think that that's when uh we were designing the aircraft I was asking myself that as well like um when I want to enter the aircraft um if it looks too innovative I think the the human being um we need to see something that we're familiar with. So yeah uh and we need to have something that we're familiar with. So that's why hybrid solution was for me the the the approach the best approach and uh that's why uh we chose two wings for example because you need to make sure that it is safe um not just uh from a cert certification perspective technological perspective but but I think also for your mindset psychologically it needs to also show that it is safe for a passenger to actually enter it and um what I I think what what gave me confidence was the rotoine in the um 50s60s they had a rotoine the the ferry rotoine in England they were actually showing the the I was watching the docu do documentaries and I think it was on a rooftop in London somewhere and then there were um 40 passengers were boarding it and this aircraft had wings it was a combination with wings and large rotors helicopter rotors like a helicopter yes it was it was true but but with wings and it was um amazing like um the the they had this vision already back then 70 years ago. So when I saw that it's like okay this what I'm doing now is actually bringing back that vision uh with more advanced technology and I think it's it's just that's why combustion engines as well. So I'm I'm I'm trying and pilots as well for now the sky bus man uh because I'm always asking like would I sit into an aircraft that is actually autonomous today I would be afraid of it. So no I would not even like create a product like that today. No, but in 10 years, yeah, maybe in 15 years, yes. But I think we're not there yet. And I think that's why we need that transition phase to at least Yeah, true. Yeah. If you can take off vertically, I think that's definitely safe. Um uh we have seen it in the military, we have seen it with the V22, it does it it does work. But um yeah, anything uh beyond that we would do for the sky truck like autonomous, we would consider um that that is safer than for for the cargo deliveries. But I think for passengers in yeah all these points need to be considered. So it's good. Okay. So so does that mean it is safe? I don't not sure you actually answer the question about the is it safer than other means of like for example private aircraft? I'd probably compare it to you know I wouldn't compare it and that's no I I think uh I think it would be as safe as an airplane. would be as helicopter because once we get certified that's where we know that we're uh we can actually uh with full confidence take on the pass. I mean you always hear that that flying is uh le less dangerous than car driving. But I just wonder if it's just because people probably do more driving miles in a car than a than a plane I suspect. But the trouble is once it does crash unlike a car accident you're guaranteed to die aren't you? I mean, that's why always makes me laugh when they make you put your seatelt on and go through the safety measures. I mean, do me a favor. Once it crashes, you're dead. I mean, you've got no way of surviving, haven't you? And if you somehow by some miracle got out into the sea, you just freeze to death anyway, you know. So, make me laugh. Anyway, getting on to another aspect here is of course we haven't mentioned yet your sustainable aviation fuel that that I've I've read about um for yourself. What can you tell us about that that that concept? Which of the concept aircrafts or uh do you use that yourself? Do you use this sustainable aviation fuel? Is that what you use in your evol? You do? Yes. Because we are using the uh combustion engines. So we can not use the uh safely. Yes. So that's that's our goal to be um net zero um uh efficient because if we use saff for combustion engines okay hydrogen for the electric engines that's when we have a very healthy Can I ask you is it will um planes you know the planes we have today will they use the same fuel do you think and and is and is it obviously it's um sustainable so that's an advantage but is it is it cheaper than jet fuel because jet fuels and certainly in the UK is very subsidized very very cheap. We don't tax it very heavily in the UK. I don't know about the rest of the world but how does it compare on cost with the the jet fuel? No, I think it's the the the stuff and hydrogen we have the same topic with hydrogen as well right now. Um it's no of course it's it's much more expensive. So uh the cost uh but I think it uh that's where a yes we would need the support. It's again like like the green hydrogen topic is like the chicken and the egg like what do we subsidize and um who comes first downstream market the upstream market and um I think with south as well like everyone uh is is putting a lot of effort into it and hopefully that will actually uh push the the uh the governments as well to to subsidize it. you I do read about um this they're trying to make um aircraft net zero uh compatible and one of the concepts is to use battery but of course batteries are too heavy aren't they? You could surely you couldn't put a battery on an aircraft transatlantic flight. I just it would just it would just crash, wouldn't it? You know, as a monster, wouldn't it? The aircraft. I mean, it would be ideal. But but uh like I said, that was one of the reasons why we didn't choose battery electric this because it's not that far yet. I mean, we want to be that far, but it's not that far. So, imagine you want to like the 40 passengers also on a thousand kilometer uh range. um there's no way that you probably are going to have to fill up the whole aircraft with uh batteries then instead of passengers. So uh same goes for hydrogen tanks. So we have Can I just ask you um how big is your company in terms of um I don't know in terms of say number of employees amount how much business do you do? You don't have to give away state secrets here but just I want to get a flavor for it's not just you in a garage is it creating these. It's far more than that. It's a proper business, isn't it? And is it still a private business or is it um It's not publicly quoted yet, is it? Or is it? No, it's not. No, no, no. We're So, how big is your company then now? Um in ter in terms of those metrics? All right. Uh we're like uh we have like around um 15 to 20 um um team members that are supporting our team. So, so that's uh um for me as well good to see that uh I have um a group of believers actively participating in creating our aircraft and uh also um no we we're raising funds currently. So we are um looking to actually expand it um now. So you're looking for um funding to you know like from investors uh that kind of thing. Is that what you're looking for at the moment? So, and do you have plans to take the company public one day? Do you because you're a very ambitious lady. I'm sure you have that plan. That's really good. That's great. Yes. And I'm going to ask you something you would not expecting here. You probably wouldn't be asked in a normal interview, but first of all, do you have any free time? Because I know most successful business people are obsessed with their their love, their their their baby, their work, and they don't tend to have much time for anything else. But are you someone who does have spare time and do you what do you do in your spare time? Dare I ask what do you do for like to relax? That that definitely is a question I haven't been asked. So thank you. Yeah. You know what I have understood the secret is um if mentally everything happens all my success comes from from my mental state of mind. So for me uh that's why it's uh essential that I do take my time uh before I even start the morning. So yes, as soon as I wake up, I'm on my headphones and I uh am on my meditations and it's like really I'm world so I visualize and I I I do uh take my time for whether it's an hour or two hours. I do my yoga. So I'm like really one two hours I'm not. So I'm really like between that world and this world and and actually and that's when it's so interesting that ideas come. So I don't really um chase the ideas uh or the opportunities. they just come, the ideas come and then I just um work on I mean of course I have my to-dos um during the day but I know some triggers, some ideas, some inspirations they just um uh come to me and that's uh that's my power that I think that's my actual power that I have um curated and create. Yeah. Um I couldn't agree more. I think that's the way all successful people do it. They do take time out and and people who are busy all the time don't understand that you do need to have that break and it all comes from the mind doesn't it you know you relax that mind and suddenly the ideas flow and you can solve all your all your issues and and get all your dreams and and ambitions from the mindset I mean I'm similar to you. I I do all those things as well. I do just try and keep fit and and meditate and um all those kind of things. I don't it's not about me anyway. I'm not going to bore you about that. No, no, no, no. But it's it's good to see because I think that that's what like you like you said it yourself. I think that's what true success is. Um and for me like taking my time out um also in the evenings u we need um that's what what keeps us growing. It's like planting. It's like watering uh your plants at home. If you don't do that, it's it's going to blossom for one day and then it's just going to scum. But uh so that's a sustainability from my own life that I have found and that's quite good. Um so the other thing I'd like to ask all guests is what are your plans for the future? What where do you see yourself in say five years time? I actually asked the same question yesterday someone interesting. Yeah. Well that's a classic corny question I know but yeah no no it's it's it's good. I was um I um I have big ambitions as you can see here you can feel it but um I think uh definitely it's going to be a combination of um different kind of bigger projects uh additional uh to uh my aircraft uh and something that is very dear to my heart is um uh AI um but also in combination with uh uh topics like uh water um water scarcity like we have a lot of uh pain points um that needs to be uh leveraged here. I think that's where I'm uh definitely um I I I see somewhere like like I said like I I see some some visions in the morning sometimes but I still can't put my finger on it but uh throughout my journey in my life I I couldn't figure it out but throughout the journey I figured it out. So I know in five years I think all these different topics uh are going to be uh a major um I'm going to have a major break breakthrough in these areas. So I don't know how to put the puzzle pieces together yet but they're coming together. So what about in your personal life? Do you have any ambitions you know like for some people might want to retire for example or travel the world or just carry on with their passions that they they love and just carry on working you know what do where do you see yourself in that respect? I think um I yeah I think um the last five six years I haven't traveled that much. Um I think I I would like to explore the world and different kind of uh cultures again. So I think that's what I'm craving for. Freshly you need to get in your and travel a bit. I know because I've been traveling only for the congresses and the panels but I I just would come back but yeah I think it's it's time to to travel again and explore. different tastes and different food and different um culture that are um again attracting me a lot recently. Yeah. And you probably pick up a lot of ideas for your business as well while you're traveling. You probably will and and experience what other people are doing. Other companies countries are doing you can you can always learn something I find whenever you go abroad. Absolutely. Interesting. That's why I was the traveling back then like almost 10 years. I was always like living off a backpack like I was just to come back to Hamburg and just fly back and uh but um um yeah and that's that's when I got a lot of my inspirations as well and and and sorry to be personal but do you do you have a family or or or you a driven single person? How do you how does that all work? And I I have a partner and I um have my family here. So yeah, it's Yeah. Good. Good. Well, Fresher, sadly, we've come towards the end of this show now, but I could talk to you all day. You're very personable and very interesting lady. So, same here. I really appreciate your time on the show. It's been a fantastic episode, and I think all our viewers and listeners will really love listening to you. So, all I can say is I wish you all the greatest success in the future. I'm sure you'll achieve it with your ambitious attitude. So, it's been an absolute pleasure speaking to you and um thank you for the time today. Thank you so much, Tony. It was really such a pleasure. I could totally agree to also like continue this conversation. Yeah. Thanks very much. It was a pleasure. Thank you. I appreciate it. You You take care. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. Please help us spread the word by sharing this podcast with your family and friends. And don't forget to subscribe. [Music]

- BETA Founder & CEO on Accelerating Electric Aviation: Kind: captions Language: en hey i'm kyle clark i'm uh founder ceo of beta technologies we're a small aviation business up in vermont a few hours north of here um and i'm here to talk about the reality of uh electric aviation and when i walked in i saw this little tag that said bringing climate solutions to life it didn't say exploring technologies it didn't say thinking about the future of something it's bringing real solutions to life and doing something meaningful and so i think we're here we're invited to be here because we've taken a track directly aimed at a climate solution we've developed an aircraft that's uh focused on cargo and logistics which is very different than a lot of other folks focused on electric aviation and the reason is is because cargo and logistics it turns out is the biggest real addressable market with a mission that we can close today that that we can pursue to make a meaningful difference in climate change our business is exclusively focused on turning the corner of climate change and doing our little sliver our little part but it turns out that little sliver isn't so small the uh in this big world of aviation when we look at passenger travel cargo travel the air force the army of course the air force is the number one military user of fuel they fly a lot of planes they use more fuel than things over the ground like the army and then when we look at cargo and logistics versus passenger travel of course over the last two two years it's skewed but those trends aren't completely uh in the past if you guys all think about how many times you press buy online and you caused multiple planes to fly that package to your house versus how many times you went jumped on a plane and flew somewhere i can almost assure you you cause more planes to fly by clicking buy online and that's not going down that's actually going up so i'm going to tell you a quick story about how we started the business i saw this headline and it really hit home for me because it reminded me of the founding of beta i walked into my senior thesis advisor at harvard i said hey i've got an idea i'm going to build this hybrid electric airplane it's going to fly it's going to be a scale model i'm going to build this simulator to go with it to prove to people that this thing can be flown in a new way and and i'm going to build a digital model all at the same time to show that the efficiency the the performance of this thing can do a meaningful mission of carrying a person around he said to me come back with a more realistic proposal and all i heard was was that a challenge that sounds like a challenge well this is a hell of a challenge for us by the way eight months later it won the thesis of the year at harvard university it thank you but nobody would invest in it because i had missed on two key points i was selfishly looking at how my ass was going to move around in an airplane not how we were going to make a meaningful difference in climate change and and i missed on i missed on the fact it was hybridized but that's because battery energy density wasn't out of point to close a meaningful commercial mission and i wasn't the only one that didn't that recognized that it couldn't be done at that time yet now five years ago when i met martine rothblatt the founder of siriusxm radio she grabbed me and she said hey how about a quarter turn adjustment let's do a mission that we can do let's do it all electric and that was just cataclysmic for our business so it turns out that we're not the only ones of course that have recognized that we need to do something about it and i heard jim talking earlier about physical goods and the time scale of developing climate solutions it's not software that's going to solve this data science is going to have a part of this but not the whole thing companies that have made pledges this this graph is astronomical in my mind companies that have made pledges to get to net zero in 2030 or 2040 or 2050 means that they need to start buying airplanes today because airplanes have a 20-year design life easily if not more that means we need to start certifying and doing things with airplanes today that have a zero carbon footprint they're not doing enough they know it so up at beta it's interesting we're missing a big picture on the side but that's okay up at beta what we're doing is we're developing a an electric aircraft for a mission that can be completed today and there's a little secret thing in there that's really interesting this aircraft flies about 250 nautical miles it carries about 200 cubic feet of of cargo that's like three shipping pallets of of cargo and people say well geez if you ship something from here in manhattan out to buffalo it goes from here to philly to louisville back out to buffalo goes out to distribution center it it moved the package ultimately moved about 130 miles yet it went 1200 miles right and and a 200 mile plane can actually replace a 1200 mile jet if you're smarter about the way you use it so we said what is the largest market we can capture make the mean most meaningful dent in climate change with the technologies that we have access today and the physics that mother nature lets us work within today and what's really neat about this is that there are missions we can close today and we start to push on the heels of the regionals push on the hills of the transcon's future but we do it as we walk down the cost curve as we walk down the cost curve in this big bell curve of shipping costs we say well overnight same day delivery people pay a lot but it's not a lot of volume if we lower the cost by half or if we extend the range by two we don't simply get twice the market we get like 16 times the market because there's a much bigger portion of packages that people say i'll pay that for that timeline oh you mean it's that inexpensive i think i'll take that as well and all of a sudden we drive this circular function of demanding electric aviation through walking back down the cost curve and and that's why we're after cargo and logistics how we're doing it this is our first product it's our second full-scale aircraft that we've designed and flown and proven that it works and uh and and it's beautiful in my mind you know well said at one point that ugliness is the measure of the poverty of constructive thought and and and when i deconstruct that you say geez if if something has if it's form follows its function it's going to be beautiful and that's truly the case in aerospace so this airplane obviously i'm quite proud of it but this is something the team put together and it turns out that batteries aren't the only thing that enable electric aviation the battery has to be complemented with incredibly slippery aircraft the battery's precious energy has to be converted to propulsion in a super efficient way and you have to make a system that has a really low empty weight fraction so it leaves a lot for energy storage and cargo so the reason i say that is that it's not a singular technology that brings this together coming full circle to what jim said before it takes time to develop these technologies bring them together and then do a commercially meaningful mission and uh and knowing that we said okay what is the what are the things that we need to do as a minimum threshold to do this commercial mission and not conflate that with every new technology out there at the same time so that we can cross that first threshold which gives us a shot at crossing the second threshold and there on so there's the specs it's not all that uh comparable to an existing platform because again it shortcuts or it does hub bypass for our customers like ups and amazon and others in order to enable the electrification of aerospace we say geez we've got to recharge these things so we looked around for somebody else to do that because we wanted to stick to our ninny and develop an aircraft turns out there weren't a lot of people willing to do that at high voltages these are like 900 volt chargers at power levels that charge 330 kilowatt hours that means if you want to charge it in 30 to 50 minutes you need 1.2 megawatts peak that's like three times what a tesla supercharger does and so we went and developed our own charger and we started putting those throughout the country creating a mesh network throughout the entire country of on airport and our off airport aircraft chargers that are also multimodal you can charge big trucks with it and uh and a little neat little thing here i'll share with you all a lot a week ago monday we did a first multi-state across three-state mission with one of our customers doing a mission that they do today with jet fuel powered aircraft and uh they they left and just to be clear if anybody from the fa is here we did it with packages that were donations not for profit so we're illegal to do it but it was the first time a mission has been completed with any electric aircraft that was meaningful to a customer and uh in the spirit of our business we didn't go announcing it to everybody we did it because we know that is a small step in our mission to turn the corner on climate change to a change in aviation so i'll skip those over and i'll come right back to this use case because i got ahead of myself a little bit it turns out when you when you fly point to point and a lot of you probably noticed there's four rotors on the top of the airplane it takes off vertically from a distribution center and lands vertically at a distribution center that means you're replacing a diesel-powered truck a diesel-powered or a jet a powered feeder aircraft a larger jet aircraft another large jet aircraft another feeder aircraft and another small truck to go between two points so this is where the problem is much more than just power electronics batteries and controls it's rethinking with a new tool how you can solve an existing problem provide value to the customer so that it's really easy for them to adopt value both from economy and service and uh and solve a problem that can be solved today so we uh thanks for having me here today i i see i'm out of time and hopefully that made some semblance of sense thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lordssodier: Great progress! Keep it up!!

- Tom O'Leary (JetZero): The future of aviation is not what you think: Kind: captions Language: en When you say culture, when you say leadership, if you're looking at your organization as a top-down, my job is to give people direction, uh, my job is to manage them, then you've lost the plot. You take a problem, you invert it. Right. You shake it upside down. Sure. Get the, get the change to fall out of the pockets. Yeah. And then you, you reveal value. This was actually one of the, the biggest parts of the founding story for us, is we looked at this and said, the middle of the pandemic. Everybody's working from home. What a perfect time to start an aircraft company. The future of flight gets talked about like it's a far off concept, but there's investment happening now to make it a reality. W- what are the building blocks, though? And how does it translate into your experience as a passenger, as a citizen, for government entities, for folks doing commercial shipping, uh, and everything in between? Join us today, we're gonna dig into that, and also zoom out about how it applies to broad innovation across other industries. Okay, but before we dig in with our amazing guest, we're gonna introduce in a second. Keep it a secret for, for a little bit longer, though people probably saw it on their podcast. We always like to start with the data, right? Gotta love the data. Yeah, okay. I'm a data guy. Here's a doozy that, uh, we're talking about the future of aviation. The global aviation industry emitted 900 million metric tons of CO2 last year, which is equivalent of 195 million passenger vehicles. Not your garage. That's a, a n- nontrivial portion of total CO2 emissions, but what I think's kind of fascinating is we haven't even begun to really regress on that, right? Which is why I'm so excited about our guest today. 'Cause we finally are gonna be able to start tackling that through first principles innovation. Maybe we shouldn't tease it. So, so our first, or, our first guest. Our, our only guest. We don't need more than one guest. Our guest today- The one and only ... yeah, is Tom O'Leary. He's the CEO and the co-founder of JetZero, and part of the secret is in the name, 'cause the goal is for zero emissions. Tom was an executive at Ford, and eBay Motors, and Tesla, before he and his co-founder, Mark Page, founded JetZero. It's gonna be an amazing discussion with, with Tom. So we are thrilled to have as our special guest today, Tom O'Leary. He's the co-founder and CEO of JetZero. He's got a long, storied history in, uh, aviation, in the automotive, in the tech sectors. Worked at eBay Motors, at Ford Dealer Connection, at Tesla, and now he's transforming the aviation industry with the first ever blended wing aircraft that, uh, we're gonna dig into why that matters to passengers, to governments, to commercial entities. Uh, it's gonna be phenomenal. Tom, thanks for being here. Wait, wait, wait. Thank you so much. Wait what? Sorry. Wait, wait. I have to stop it right there. Okay. Before we get started, I have to know, what is a blended wing? Nice. I like the s- I like the sign language. The, the beauty of a blended wing is, is basically when you create a, a more aerodynamic aircraft, looks more like a manta ray. It's basically is what it is. Uh, you, you blend the wing, uh, and the fuselage together, you get 30% aerodynamic efficiency, so you get lower fuel burn, lower emissions, lower noise, 'cause you put the engines on top. But that's a mouthful. The easier thing to understand is once you change the shape of the aircraft, you let the engineers make the plane better in every way, and I have yet to talk to a single person who doesn't look at air travel today and say, "Leave it alone." "I love it just the way it is." "Don't change a thing. Uh, we're good." Yeah. "We're good over here." I think between all of us, we're probably at 15 flights a week. Oh. So, um, any disagreement there? I am not g- I'm gonna agree with you 100%. I'm in zero disagreement. We like a little conflict here, but then we get 100%. So we also try to go beyond the headlines. So the, the, the broad, "Hey, you're transforming the aviation industry." Right. Like, a lot of people say things like that. Mm-hmm. JetZero actually is. So but, but break down what that means to you because it's end to end, right? There's a... Well, great. It's a, it's a good point, and it's... I- challenge accepted, right? Yeah, yeah. Because- Okay ... because w- everyone's transforming the future of flight and all. It's all on a path to zero emissions. It's in our name. We don't shy away from that. Ultimately, we wanna get to a point where our cars and our planes and our trains and everything that's moving is not pumping emissions into the air of all types. And that's, that's a future we can all believe in, but what is the practicality? The practicality of does it, does it work with the economic model? Mm. Right? And, and, and this is notorious. Like, so, an- the other side of zero- Yeah ... in JetZero is zero to one, right? So the, the- Mm ... the classic startup concept. Love that. Yeah, the classic startup concept of taking a massive enterprise and first going from zero to one- Yeah ... and then scaling it. It's- It's all about scaling into an opportunity that has zero emissions as a long term, but in the short term, we're just making a plane better in every way we can. Yeah, and, and, and may- a simple piece of it is with the design, fuel efficiency, which translates into real economic return and opens up new feasibility for, we talked about, uh, shipping with the government, military, for passenger, and the investments you've had across all of the, like, because of what that means. But maybe spell it out, and like, what happens when we get 50% lower fuel efficiency of airlines? We, we get what every, every customer has a different need, right? So if you're the airlines- Yeah ... you want lower fuel burn and lower emissions, period. Like, you want better unit economics- Yeah ... 'cause your, your margins are- Small Yeah. Right ... uh, compared to other industries. So that's, that's part and parcel But, but say again, 5-0 not 15, 50%, which is profound. That's right. Up to 50%, and that's in comparison to planes that are still flying today. So I love a good founder story, and I love your zero to one concept. If we can take a step back, what got you interested in environmental sciences? What was your background that led you to found JetZero? I'd love to hear a little bit about that. Early on, when I was, uh, kind of cobbling together an environmental science degree, uh- ... which was at, at a liberal arts school, it was basi- I was fascinated in recycling. Uh, this was in the '90s. Mm. And I actually worked on the Clean Air Act as a lobbyist assistant. So there was always that, like, there's gotta be a ... Efficiency was always part of that. That was a first principles thing. So it wasn't very surprising when I saw Tesla. Uh, I'd been in automotive, and I saw Tesla, I was like, "Okay, that, that's closer to core." Um, and I was, you know, just hit, hit that running because that- The only rules are the laws of physics, everything else is a recommendation, the only requirements. That's, that, that's exactly right. And, and just stripping it down to the basics. You know, working the algorithm, which was really more of just a process. We didn't ... I, I don't remember it being called the algorithm at that point. I think that, that sort of- Yeah ... we branded it later. But that's- Yeah that's just, uh, 101 for how do you scale a company is start with the, the basic first principles. I was gonna ask, so we talked about cost, talked about efficiency, but where is user experience in all of it? Is it a byproduct of the things you're talking about? But how is user experience kind of calculated into this conversation? This is the funnest part because we all fly, and we- I can't wait. Oh, my God. We all want that to, we all want that to be better. And so what happens is imagine that you have been designing aircraft interiors all your life, and then someone comes to you and says, "Hey, can you take a look at this completely new shape? And it's about twice as wide as a wide body. Mm. Um, and it's shorter, and the s- the ceilings and the d- " It's... And they just light up. And, and we literally had a company that we brought a very small of, like, the top engineers in the cabin engineering space. They took a look at what we were doing, and 30 days in, they're like, "We would like to resign our practice- Yeah. and just come work at JetZero." And that's what they did. They basically joined the team as, as star- They basically were like, "We're all in on this." Yeah. "We've been waiting all our lives for this." And since that point, they've been just looking at every single thing. 30 days in, they basically said, "We have an opportunity to, to, because we're re-engineering, we can make everything better. Everything can be better." Yeah. The, the basic idea is to create the ability for airlines to flex into more premium seating. Mm. It's really about flexibility. When you, when you think about a tube and wing today, especially in the United States, a little bit more in Europe- It's basically if they get delivered a plane, and here it is, and they're, they're pretty much the same. Um, we're, we're really creating something by varying, uh, the, the experiences within it. In that great big wide space, we can create boutique cabins. Which what I love when you asked about the user experience, I mean, as passengers, I love that that's immediately where we went, but if you're an actual carrier, uh, the configurability of that tra- is a piece of the UX, so suddenly it opens up so many possibilities, which again, you're architecting it from the ground up to be able to have an experience no one else can offer. That's pretty damn incredible. It is. I mean, you would just think of like the, uh, it's first principle physics, but sometimes for us it's just geometry. Uh, even simpler, right? Which is a tube has the same width from the front to the back, so it's harder to configure, reconfigure- Yeah ... or to design for something that offers greater variability. So in the geometry, there's this magic key to configurability, which is so cool. We could geek out on that for a while. But, uh, okay. So as you think about the... Brett, I know you love the idea of constraint-free, especially innovation into business, and, uh, what about what JetZero is doing for you is exciting that- Well, I mean, I love the innovation that's first principles in reimagining aviation, but you also have a, a privilege of reimagining how you build your business from the ground up without the same constraints, everything from back office functions like finance to supply chain to manufacturing. Tell us a little bit about how you're approaching that, especially in an AI-first world. You have a really interesting opportunity to tackle that differently than other companies before you. Yeah, it's a clean slate, right? I mean, I've worked in, uh, software quite a bit, you know, working at companies like eBay, dealer.com. Over the course of the career, you hear the word tech debt, you talk to the engineers about, "Hey, we need to architect this way and not that way. We don't wanna create a lot of technical debt." Imagine the clean slate design certification manufacturing company that's basically starting with a clean slate and able to lean on a company to say, "You, you're seeing the whole ecosystem, not just our industry, but other industries, and we have the opportunity to now handpick the best systems to put together a digital backbone at exactly the time that AI is emergent and can effectively save us so many things." Tough decisions, too, right? There's -- People talk about how AI is gonna disrupt, you know, whole, whole parts of the software ecosystem, and so imagine being in our shoes and saying... You know, we like to say, "Do, do you wanna, do you wanna be as an airline the first to, to fly the blended wing or the last to buy the tube and wing," right? It could be the exact same situation in software where- It's a good pitch. You know, it's, it's, it's basically like, is this-- Are you gonna be the last to implement the gold standard or- The first to implement the AI first approach, yeah ... exactly. And so, but I think what we're seeing in the ecosystem is the companies that are out there, because they're in software- Yeah they're not, like, blind to the, to a freight train that's coming. They're all working as hard as they possibly... It's not just the startup, it's the big companies are doing it, too. Well, I mean, we like to say innovation loves company, and this is definitely a team sport. So yeah, it's gonna be an ecosystem that makes this, this future a reality for sure. You're supposed to look in the camera when you do that, Bryan. It's a team sport. But, but the, but the... Like, okay, so you're talking about it from the technical back end, but the approach you've taken all the way to the construction of the craft itself, you're not innovating every piece of the bill of material. Fr- Like, the partnering this, that, that's a very deliberate strategy of where are the places that we have something distinctive that we need to create- Yeah ... versus where can we take advantage of the best and, and maybe push the best to meet what we need? How, how is that... I mean, is that active calculus, uh- Absolutely. This is, this was a, this was actually one of the, the biggest parts of the founding story for us, is we looked at this and said, the middle of the pandemic- Yeah. Mm ... everybody's working from home. Um- Nobody's traveling, everybody's working. And it turned out- Well played in many ways, as long as you lean into that- Yeah ... it turned out in many ways to be great. For example, we could hire from anywhere in the country. Just talent. Great, let's go. So that was a great advantage, but the, the other great advantage was we were able to look at this and say, what is the place in the market where we'd wanna be? Well, how about the place where there is no existing aircraft? But it, it was one more step from that, which was, I think, profound from the beginning for the team. Mm. They came in knowing... The best thing you can do for your team is give them clarity to run, and we basically said, make no mistake, we are not going to attempt to be a vertically integrated company. We, the supply chain is an absolute necessity for JetZero to thrive. Uh, this, it's, this is far too big and comp- complex an industry to imagine that you can... I mean, the beauty, I worked at Tesla- Yeah ... in the ear- in the early days. The beauty of the electric powertrain is that it's so darn simple. Um, that is not the case with a jet engine, right? And so to vertically integrate and like- On the side, yeah. Do it ... build your own jet engine, like, okay. You're, you're... Don't bite off more than you can chew, so... And then it's teamwork, right? So what we did is we built a broad coalition, and the supply base basically said to us, "We would love to have another customer." "We would love to reimagine what that, uh, partnership might look like." And probably inspired by the broad vision of what this could mean, because everyone in that craft has a deep- Passion for- Yeah ... yeah, the industry, which is also, yeah. That's ex- that's exactly right. So they're excited too because a lot of them came up, and even with airlines. Like, one of the guys at the airline said to us, he came in and he said, "I did my PhD on blended wing body airplanes- Yeah ... 20 years ago." Wow. No, I think that's, uh... Yeah ... can you imagine what it's like to go to your buyer and they, and they say, "W- I've been waiting for this my whole career"? I, I, I would get emotional. I think. I'm a softie, though. Yeah, you are. Yeah, um. So interesting. But I, I have to ask, um, in terms of the culture- Mm ... you're trying to create here, right? You've got this unique opportunity. You're talking about all of these firsts of, of, of, you know, firsts of many. Um, what's the culture? What's your leadership style? Like, what do you think needs to be true in order for this to really happen? Yeah, I mean, the, the first thing is w- it is about team, and the best performing teams are people who take ownership and accountability. Mm. Uh, people ask, you know, "What do you ask of a job applicant?" My... I typically say, "What are you gonna do on day one without supervision- Right and instruction?" Because I wanna know that they're amped up- Yeah ... and ready to go, not just order takers. Right? The, the... You're, you're looking for soccer players, not football players. Not that, you know, one, you know... The soccer player has to, like, know the game plan- Yeah ... and play the 45 minutes before halftime, not do this play every time. And so, that, that really to us is the kind of culture that we want. The, the challenge becomes, as leaders, is creating that accountability so people aren't crossing each other up. And the culture has to be one where, where it's, it's human-centric, and not just human-centric as in centered on the founder, 'cause that's cult, not culture, right? We gotta add the, the U-R-E. And so, what, what I think is so paramount is that we don't just get lost in the technology. People wanna know that, that the companies and the technologies that are leading us, uh, forward from where we are today, that it's not a dystopian future, that it's not purely dark factories and AI robots, and everybody's out of a job. We're trying to figure out the best possible blend of how do we bring together technology and people. I, I wanna pull back to founder story. When you said, uh, Jala Net and, and recycle, I s- I almost could hear Schoolhouse Rock! in the mix there. Maybe, maybe I'm- Love Schoolhouse Rock! Reduce, reuse, recycle. It's the best. We don't, might not have the rights to play it, but it's okay. But I hear it. It's to Bill. Oh, sitting on Capitol Hill. Oh, here he comes along. And junction, junction. Yeah, boys should wash their hands. Half the audience doesn't know what we're talking about. Once, once an episode Simona has to remind us how old we are. Oh, yeah. So this is the time. This is the time. I showed it to my kids. They loved it. Yeah, it's good. Uh, but I... There, there's an origin story of Mark Page is your co-founder- Yeah ... who had the patent for the blended wing. And s- I have this vision of a wall or maybe walls of Post-It Notes. Uh, maybe describe what that exercise was. And, and what I want you to think about is how could others listening maybe apply it to their own business and their own innovation journeys. You know, maybe not startups, but they're in large companies. But I just love this story. Uh- Do you watch Ted Lasso? I do. Yes. Love it. So we, I have the- I'm from Kansas, so I, it, it becomes- That, that, that believe is, you know, over the door as you walk into our hangar, and I, I try to remember to touch it. Because to, to believe in yourself, to believe in your mission and your vision- Yeah ... is, is so critical. And so the Post-It Note ex- exercise w- was, was the exercise in saying, "We're, we absolutely believe in this, but what are all the things that could get in the way?" And a lot of times the, the very first question an investor or- Yeah an- anyone will ask us is, "If this is such a great idea, why hasn't it happened before?" It, it, and am I romanticizing to say from an idea that we believe could have profound impact, but what are the actual mechanics of what it would take to make a business at scale? Was that- That's right ... was that the proxy of what the Post-It collage was trying to represent? It's, it's all about scale because- Yeah ... what, w- what we thought about at that time was this has been 30 years of pejoratively science project, right? It's sort of like you have to graduate from this, this is great science. We had NASA put over a billion dollars in flight controls, structures, you know, the aero, six wind tunnels, two X-planes. Like, they, they had done amazing things. But why, why, why was the choice ultimate innovator's dilemma, right? Mm. What was the choice and what, what got in the way, and how do we make sure that those things don't get in our way? The verticality was, was one of them. Um, belief is what is the core thing that you need- Mm all the way through. And was there, was there a through line? And I'm sorry for romanticizing your story for you, but I, I, I think I've read somewhere about one of the things you and Mark went through is said, "Can we find anything on this wall that's truly impossible?" Yeah. Not just, not just unlikely or hard to do, but truly impossible. Maybe back to law of physics, like we're defying, or laws of business or laws of market, but is that... Was that a part of the- It absolutely was. But it, but there was the flip side of that coin, which is very quickly w- what we saw when, when we- Yeah. When we mapped it. And we still do. I was doing it yesterday with- with investors. We, we took our- Yeah ... series B pitch deck, and we put the entire thing, printed it out, put it on the wall, categorized it and said, "Okay. Here are the Post-Its. Attack." Yeah. Like that's one of the things you do to get better, is you don't just say, you know, w- we, we... "Let's take a victory lap." You say, "Nope." Yep. "Let's, let's attack what we did." And so basically what we found though was that the through line to scale was way stronger than any of the- Impediments that, or the things living in the way. It was sort of like, that's our impediment? But wait a minute. This through line to scale is so much stronger because we're doing this in the age of AI, because- Yeah we have a billion dollars worth of NASA research. I mean, just think about that for a second. In a technology centric- Drafting behind a billion- ... universe. It was sort of like- When, when... Like, Tom, you're not a, you know, PhD in aerospace engineering. How can you do that? I don't know. I got- ... a billion dollars of NASA research. Like I- On the shoulders. I think we're covered there. I think the, the problem that we need to solve is scale, right? I mean, obviously we still need to solve a lot of problems- Yeah, yeah, yeah ... if we're building a factory, but- Yeah ... it's a lot of it. So I do have one question. I mean, I, in my role, I think a lot about innovation, both how we innovate on behalf of our clients, but working with our clients to innovate. Spent most of my career, like Simone, in a highly regulated industry, life sciences. You're in a highly regulated industry. You're trying to go to zero to one and disrupt an industry. How do you think about the balance between innovation and regulation? Is regulation friend or foe? How do you think about that balance? We, we love it. You have to look at that as this is a beautiful, awesome part of what we've done. Because if you l- think about what the FAA has done. The FAA has basically made it so you get in a plane and you have absolute... You, you, you feel as safe- You're a tube flying through the sky and- Yeah ... you feel comfortable to take a nap and do a crossword- It's accurate puzzle and never think about it, yeah. That is the most amazing gift, and we fly anywhere in the world and, and we, most of us, uh, we do this worry-free. And so that's beautiful. So, but I wanna tell you, like this is where AI is, is the most amazing thing because basically this is happening as we speak. We've already trained AI to go in, take every document. The, the list... I literally was doing this yesterday. I had a, a pilot who seconded to us from an, a, an airline basically came in and said, "Here's every man- manual that's available to me in the cockpit on my iPad." So what I did was I basically create... I, I looked at everything that the FAA requires, I created an outline. Mm. Then I just went back with AI and started to populate based on what you've told me about this aircraft. So we're basically working from right to left. It's almost like a historian going in and, like, now retroactively, "Oh, what are the things we might need to know- Yes ... to fly and maintain this?" Yeah. Whereas what we're doing is AI, document management- Yeah ... using the, the latest tech to basically... So you've got all these documents, and now you're doing your, you're doing your version control by data input, not by... Imagine the old way we did documents. It's night and day. This would've taken hundreds of people. I literally had- This is a triggering thought. Yeah, right. Can you imagine the volumes? I mean, we're talking about this- Yeah ... this amount of paperwork. So just that alone, um, is a great example of how transformative this is gonna be, and it actually helps you do what all startups that are disruptive do at some point or another, which is you take a problem, you invert it. Get it, get the change to And you've said it three times, the first principle emphasis from the gets, uh, with the team, uh, rallied behind, uh... You look like you had something. Well, you can... I mean, I don't mind interrupting, so I'll just- I know. I'll just go. I, I, as I'm thinking about our listeners, um, just, you know, before we run out of time, I just wanna, like, really understand, like, where are we in the JetZero movie? Like, where are we? Like, where did we- You're, you're wondering when you can make the first booking, huh? Like, where did we, where, where are we? Where are we tuning- When are we getting this no middle seat plane? Like, where are we tuning into the movie? Or is it a series? It sounds like- We're at the be- we're at the beginning of scale. So, so this is where our company goes from being single-threaded, what is the plane that we're designing that we can put into the air in a full-scale demonstration? Um, that's been the main thread. W- with, with... Uh, maybe speak to who your early in- uh, customers are and... Because I think there's a huge- Sure ... bit of confidence in the amount of not just faith, but dollars and cents and commitment behind- Yeah, these are- ... what you're doing. Yeah ... yeah, these are folks who have, who have all put in time and money into the program. On the government side, it's been NASA and the FAA and the Air Force, so that's the proof of concept. So in the movie- That's the A-list. It sounds like you've got a bunch of A-list, uh, you know, actors there, right? So. So in the movie, that plane is built by the end of this year and flies next year. That's the, that is, uh- Yeah. That's amazing. I'm getting, getting- Yeah ... used to being in 2026. I- But it's built by the end of the year, and it goes into testing next year. On the... So, and the Air Force is part of that, and that's obviously a, a prospective customer, but the airlines are also pros- prospective customers, and where we've gotten with them is- Two years of solid work with 16 airlines who come to our hangar, spend two days at a time and say, "What if you put this over there? What if the, what if the seat has a, a, a half an inch more? What if the armrest looks like this?" They're in there loving every minute of it. It's amazing. And for them, they, they leave and they say, "This is some of the most fun I've had in my entire career because I get to participate in helping design the future." Change the future, yeah. We always talk about we want journey clients on innovation. Not bad to have NASA and the Air Force and the FAA- Those are good journey clients ... 16 airline key. Yeah, that's th- not a bad slot. Y- the roster's pretty full. Pretty awesome. I mean, United- Yeah ... uh, Delta, uh, and Alaska was, was our first airline to invest in- Yeah JetZero. And then with, along with the other 16 that are in the, um- Okay ... or the full complement of 16 that are in the working group. Uh, that's an amazing piece for us. All right. Uh, w- we could, I think we could talk for- No. ... days on this. But Tom, maybe zoom out because we didn't even get to scratch at your history in large enterprise. A lot of our listeners are in large enterprise. They're not in the startup with the greenfield behind them. Like, you brought internet to f- Ford and the dealer network, right? Which, which could be a fun... But maybe the things that you've learned now, and what advice would you give to senior leaders and line leaders, uh, of applying some of the things that you've been able to do to get as far as you've gone, as fast as you've come, that they could apply in their own worlds? That's a, well, that's a tough one. And yeah, so, so going back to Ford, imagine that. That was, that was a storied company. And got there in '99, and they basically, the internet was a dealer locator that literally you typed in your zip code and you got a list of dealers, a phone number, and a fax machine. You know, I mean, that was the internet. Um, and so within 18 months, we had 5,000 dealer websites up and running. Configuration, and then that became, uh, Fordirect.com. Uh, so and it was really only about a two-year period from basically zero to Fordirect.com. And, and so- Really that came to just stripping the problem down to its, to its basics. We've talked about first principles. We've talked about inverting the problem, right? And I, I think the, the other piece is like when you say culture, when you say leadership, it's ... If you're, if you're looking at your organization as a top-down, I'm ... My job is to give people direction. I ... My job is to manage them, then you've lost the plot. My worth is my boxology. Yeah, exactly. You- you've lost the plot. Because basically, I mean, we think about it this way. It's like in the past we had hierarchical structures where the person with the most experience, and talent, and wisdom got to the top, and then they- Sure ... cascaded down. And now we have all these people who are more adept. AI has ... is the fountain of knowledge. And our, and our early people in the company are better at it than we are. I think that's- That's- Hopefully that's not the case in a month or two, but that's the way it is today. No, but that, and that's sort of been a through line in, in these different episodes we've been doing with leaders across industries. The through line of how do we ... don't allow historically how we've thought about the world and done things to rule tomorrow, and the importance of culture, especially getting the folks closest to the work. How are you set up to receive that? Like, if you're a leader in an organization now, big, small- Yeah how are you as a leader set up to receive input from the people who are closer, closer to the work, closer to the AI? It takes courage just to admit that y- you don't have all the answers in this world, and the future's more unknowable than it's ever been. But you need that clarity of vision- Mm-hmm ... and the commitment to execute against that end game. Knowing that the path to get there, you're gonna have to figure it out. The most comfortable I feel in my business right now is when I say, "Wow, I was wrong about that." Ah. That, that is the most comfortable when I, when I'm able to just say, "I had that one wrong. I thought it would go this way, but it's starting to move this other way, and I'm good with that." That's where I s- that's where I have comfort. The discomfort is when you're trying to project absolute certainty. That's not helpful. And I think that's- Yeah ... that, that helps culture-wise. You missed- I don't know if that was a- That was perfect ... I didn't, it felt like a sermon, but that's- You missed your beat at the tee up of saying Bill and Simona get to do that a lot, is saying that we're not very- Saying it right. It was too easy. Well, I appreciate it. It's great. Hey, Tom. Th- th- thanks for being here, and, and, uh, good luck on the journey. W- we, we are anxiously waiting. 2030s, right? It's within sight. That's awesome. So nice to have you. If you enjoyed this episode, take a moment to rate Forward Technology on Spotify. It helps more people find the show, and it helps us keep improving. And if you know someone thinking about AI and customer experience, please share this episode with them. What, what an amazing- How excited are you about what this future looks like? As a frequent traveler, I cannot wait. I am in. The, the, uh, the experience is going to be amazing. Think about like some- like what we have known for all of our lives- Yeah ... is literally about- Yeah ... to transform before our eyes. Super excited. Wait till... We gotta go to LA to see the actual, the cabin experience that they've got up and running and go see, uh- Can we get an actual date for that? We, we, we'll, we'll lock it down. Perfect. I'm on it. So w- we like to close within the headlines. So there's a recent report that the airplane manufacturer's backlogs, and this is traditional, you know, what, what JetZero is looking to say we can do better, but the traditional model we all know and kind of love, love, know and love. It, it succeeds 15,300 large commercial aircraft, which is multiple years of production visibility. So I, I, I think like this broader innovation, like we feel like, oh, it's gonna be disrupted overnight. The existing model will live on for a while. Um, but what happens then? What do you think, Brett? Well, I mean, before this, I didn't, I didn't grow up in the airline industry. I, I primarily served lifetimes in healthcare. A couple interesting facts to put that in perspective. The airline industry, I've, I've been in the professional world for a little over 25 years. The airline industry has actually doubled in that period of time. I didn't, I didn't know that. Just in the last 25 years. So if you think about it, how are they gonna double again? And that's why I love this story so much. It's, it's technology innovation. It's gonna have in- innovation to benefit the environment, but it's also business model innovation. They're serving a part of the market between the narrow body, shorter flights, and the wide body, longer flights that's gonna open up and help the airline industry grow for the next 25 years. And so we didn't even get into it, but they have a great relationship with the existing manufacturers of the traditional who are waiting to say, "Yeah, we're, we're, we're game and we'll be a part of this," and happy that someone's out taking the field, leading the charge. Well, what- Fill in your metaphor, but yeah. Well, well, I mean, but Tom mentioned, right, some of the people that are getting involved are so excited, right? This is- Yeah. You know, they haven't been able to have a conversation like this in their entire career, right? So this is game changing for sure. The heart songs of, of the why you got into what you do. I love the what is the what. Totally. And I mean, we talk about this and we kind of sometimes make light of it 'cause it sounds trite, like innovation really truly is a team sport. Like this is an example of this doesn't happen without a true team. In our next episode, we're taking another headline-worthy technology shift and pulling it back into enterprise reality. What's real, what's noise, and what should leaders do about it right now? Subscribe so you're with us for the next conversation So, so if, if we pull all back, of course, exciting to dig, dig deep, geek out about what's happening in flight and aviation. But I think that through line of lessons learned for everyone across industry, no matter where you sit in the org chart, even though I know Tom doesn't like org charts, but they still exist. So the first principles, how do we take problems, turn them upside down for opportunity, really get crystal clear about what's the impossible, but the vision, the execution, the culture, the community, um, and I think this is gonna be a play that we see run in many episodes in the future. Looking forward to it. Don't bet on the future, build it. Until next time. This podcast is produced by Deloitte. The views and opinions expressed by podcast speakers and guests are solely their own and do not reflect the opinions of Deloitte. This podcast provides general information only and is not intended to constitute advice or services of any kind. For additional information about Deloitte, go to deloitte.com/about. This publication contains general information only, and Deloitte is not, by means of this publication, rendering accounting, business, financial, investment, legal, tax, or other professional advice or services. This publication is not a substitute for such professional advice or services, nor should it be used as a basis for any decision or action that may affect your business. Before making any decision or taking any action that may affect your business, you should consult a qualified professional advisor. Deloitte shall not be responsible for any loss sustained by any person who relies on this publication.

  Top Comments:
  1. @timduncan8450: Guys, carbon hysteria has evaporated.   Efficacy good, CO2 poison is a bad joke!

- CTO Stress Relief During Strategy Meetings With Your CEO: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] greetings this is Etienne de Bruin with 7c TOS I want to talk today about getting frustrated in strategic meetings you know often times as the more analytical person the person with a know-how and how to build stuff as the CTO you often times are in meetings where people are brainstorming and shooting some ideas around and oftentimes you will find that you feel frustrated you will find that your emotions or sort of starting to build up I start to get tensed up and what I'm going to show you today is how to process those feelings while you're in the meeting I like to call this flying with the CEO so you'll be in the middle of your day you'll be in a in a strategic meeting where you guys have planned to id8 and to talk through some things and then suddenly the conversation starts going into you know building new products hiring new resources or taking the company or taking the product development into a direction that you'd never planned on having you never plan on having that conversation the natural tendency would be to bring that meeting back to hey guys let's regroup this is not what we came here for let's talk through the stuff that we planned while I think that's okay I would like to suggest the idea of flying with the CEO so what that entails is instead of shooting down the ideas instead of getting all pissy about what we had agreed to come to - what we're planning on doing just get into the plane buckle your seatbelt and take off with the take off with the idea take off with the CEO and I use the term CEO because oftentimes as a co-founder or as the CTO you know you'll see I was driving the ideas driving sales and you know you need to you need to be there right with them so how do you take off well what you do is you suspend your idea of what the meeting needs to be and you say hey tell me more about the idea why did you have the idea what is what is driving this idea and as your as your CEO speaks you just let go and you recognize that you are accelerating and you are now taking off and you then go into cruise control you I mean you go into cruise mode you you you sit with the CEO and as they speak you you ask questions you ask clarifying questions you don't say this can't be done you don't say we don't have the resources you use that tried and tested yes and technique where as they say something you +1 it or you id8 with them remember that you're not trying to figure out how this is going to be done on the company dime you're not trying to figure out the technology that's going to be used to build it you're simply flying you're simply saying okay let's ID eight now the big challenge is to not you know to not leave the room at that point because now you've created a real excited CEO so what I would then recommend is as you start landing the plane so you didn't shoot the plane down you simply took off with the CEO you were cruising and now you're gonna start landing the plane so how do you land the plane well one thing I would suggest is if you're at a white board you start saying hey man love the idea sounds amazing let's whiteboard this idea and oftentimes you'll find that okay the sounded great when I was talking about it but now that we're thinking through the actual components or the assets involved now you're starting to bring a certain level of and I think that you're gonna start feeling the first descent as reality starts hitting I would also recommend that you talk about priority so you're not saying hey this there's other things we're working on you're not saying it's can't be done what you're saying is hey so how strongly do you feel about this what is the priority level on this is this and also how does that compare to other products and other things we're building so you might say hey we want to build a new level of integration and then you said what we're building this other feature X so hey is this integration more important to you in order to acquire existing customers or do you think that feature X is more important in acquiring additional customers so now the plane is starting to slow down and is starting to land and then the ultimate landing technique is to say let's collaborate so as you're leaving the office you're high-fiving each other on sort of what it'll take to build this all you say is hey I am I'm excited about this let's collaborate on getting this bolt so oftentimes when I've left meetings I have felt like I just want to get out of this meeting I'm just gonna say yes I'll look into what its gonna take to build this or yes that sounds like a great idea well you're leaving sort of you're leaving the meeting on a very ambiguous point and what I would recommend is is you leave it clasping firmly to the CEO or your product manager and say listen this was a great meeting I have to go let's collaborate on this in the next meeting and then what you're doing is you're effectively shifting the responsibility away from yourself to come up with the product come up with a plan and you're saying hey this is we're in this together we're gonna build this together so my recommendation take off with the CEO fly cruise control cruise cruise cruise altitude and then gently start landing playing and I think you will have a lot better time in your strategy meetings so I hope this helped you guys out for your next strategy meeting remember the phrase playing with your CEO as soon as you start feeling teens with seven CTOs we're a collaboration of CTOs trying to make our lives better as we innovate so I hope you guys find this content helpful keep looking out for the next episodes in the days to come thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @douglas7656: You're essentially telling us how to be a yes-man and then break to the biz level people that you can't do it. It's saving face by being totally synthetic in meetings instead of just being honest upfront. Then you go into how you can "shift responsibility off yourself" [to other people]. You need to be more honest dude!
  2. @danmartell: Awesome stuff!

- Tools for Managing Stress & Anxiety | Huberman Lab Essentials: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to hubman Labb Essentials where we revisit past episodes for the most potent and actionable science-based tools for mental health physical health and performance I'm Andrew huberman and I'm a professor of neurobiology and Opthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine today's episode is going to be all about the science of emotions and today we're going to talk in particular about something that most often is called stress now you might be thinking wait stress isn't an emotion but stress really lies at the heart of whether or not our internal experience is matched well or not to our external experience or the events that are happening to us and around us and as you'll soon see those converge or combine to create what we call emotions I'd like you to come away from today's episode with what I call an organizational logic a framework for think about these things that typically we just call happy or sad or depressed or anxious and I'm going to make sure that you have tools that are grounded in physiology and Neuroscience that will allow you to navigate this otherwise complex space that we call emotions that will allow you to ground yourself better when you're feeling like life is Weighing on you or you're kind of being pulled by the currents of life as well as to support other people whether or not that's in a psychological practice if you're if you're a practitioner or you have clients or children or spouses really to be able to support other people in your environment better and as you may recall the nervous system which includes the brain and the eyes and the spinal cord but also all the connections with the organs of the body includes the brain and body and those organs of the body your gut and your liver and your spleen they are also communicating with the brain so I look forward to a day in fact when we no longer think about Neuroscience as just the brain and many neuroscientists now also think about the body of course the brain controls the body but the body is also having a very profound and concrete influence on the brain today we're going to talk about objective tools that match the brain body experience or separate the brain body experience in ways that leverage your ability to lean into life better to feel better literally to just feel better about what you're experiencing and believe it or not to be able to control your emotions when that's appropriate okay so what is stress we hear all the time that stress is bad we hear people saying they're really stressed out what is stress stress at its core is a generalized system it wasn't designed for tiger tigers attacking us or people attacking us it's a system to mobilize other systems in the brain and body it wasn't designed for one thing thing and that gives it a certain advantage in taking over our the state of our brain and body but it also gives you all of us an advantage in controlling it because it's based on hardwired biological mechanisms and there are hardwired biological mechanisms meaning cells and chemicals and Pathways and tissues that exist in you right now that require no neuroplasticity that allow you to put a break on stress and so we're going to talk about those so let's talk about the stress response and by doing that you will understand exactly why the tools I'm going to give you work for those of you that are saying wait I just want the tools just give me a summary trust me if you understand mechanism you are going to be in a far better position to incorporate these tools to teach these tools to others and to modify them as your life circumstances change let's be clear about what we already know which is that stressors can be psychological or they can be physical okay if I put you outside on a cold day without a jacket for a very long time that is stressful if I have you prepare for too many exams at once and you can't balance it all with your sleep schedule and your other needs for comfort and well-being like food rest sleep and social connection that is stressful so what happens when the stress response hits let's talk about the immediate or what we call the acute stress response response we could also think of this as short-term stress so you have a collection of neurons that start right about at your neck and run down to about your navl a little bit lower and those are called the sympathetic chain ganglia when something stresses us out either in our mind or because something enters our environment that chain of neurons becomes activated like a bunch of dominoes falling all at once it's very fast when those neurons are activated cocoline is released but there are some other neurons for the afficionados out there they're called the postganglionic neurons those ones respond to that acetylcholine and then they release epinephrine which is the equivalent to Adrenaline so we have this system where very fast whenever we're stressed the core of our body these neurons down the middle of our body release these chemicals and then there's adrenaline or epinephrine released at particular organs and acts in particular ways some things like the muscles of your legs and your heart and other things that need to be active when you're stressed they have a certain kind of receptor which is called the beta receptor and that beta receptor responds to epinephrine and blood vessels dilate they get bigger and blood rushes into to our legs the heart rate speeds up lots of things happen that get activated and at the same time that epinephrine activates other receptors on certain tissues that we don't need the ones involved in digestion reproduction and things of that sort that are luxuries for when things are going well not things to pay attention to when we're stressed so the stress response is too pronged it's a yes for certain things and it's a know you may not right now for other things that's why you feel blood in certain organs and tissues of your body but not in others but basically you are activated in ways that support you moving and that's because fundamentally the stress response is just this generic thing that says do something you're going to feel agitated and that's because it was designed to move you so this is important because if you want to control stress you need to learn how to work with that agitation I'd like to give you a tool at this point because I think if we go any further with a lot more science people are going to uh begin to wonder if this is just going to be a kind of standard university lecture sure about the stress response if you want to reduce the magnitude of the stress response the best thing you can do is activate the other system in the body which is designed for calming and relaxation and that system is called the parasympathetic nervous system and the parasympathetic nervous system is really interesting because especially the cranial nerves the ones that are up in the brain stem and in the neck area those have a direct direct line to various features of your face in particular the eyes they control things like eye movements pupil dilation things of that sort as well as the tongue the facial muscles Etc so I'm going to teach you the first tool now so I don't overwhelm you with all this academic knowledge without giving you something useful and the tool that at least to my knowledge is the fastest and most thoroughly grounded in physiology and Neuroscience for calming down in a self-directed way is What's called the physiological sigh s g what I'm talking about when I refer to physiological size is the very real medical school textbook relationship between the brain the body and the body as it relates to the breathing apparate ey meaning the diaphragm and lungs and the Heart let's take the Hallmark of the stress response the heart starts beating faster blood is shuttled to the big muscles of the body to move move you away from whatever it is this stressor is or just make you feel like you need to move or talk your face goes flushed Etc there is however a way in which you can breathe that directly controls your heart rate through the interactions between the sympathetic and the parasympathetic nervous system here's how it works when you inhale so whether or not it's through the nose or through the mouth this skeletal muscle that's inside your body called the diaphragm it moves down and that's because the lungs expand the diaphragm moves down your heart actually gets a little bit bigger in that expanded space there's more space for the heart and as a consequence whatever blood is in there is now at a lower volume or moving a little bit more slowly in that larger volume than it was before you inhaled okay so more space heart gets bigger blood moves more slowly and there's a little group of neurons called the sinoatrial node in the heart that registers it's pay believe it or not those neurons pay attention to the rate of blood flow through the heart and send a signal up to the brain that blood is moving more slowly through the heart the brain then sends a signal back to the heart to speed the heart up so what this means is if you want your heart to beat faster inhale longer inhale more vigorously than your exhales now the opposite is also true if you want to slow your heart rate down so stress response hits you want to slow your heart rate down what you want to do is again capitalize on this relationship between the body meaning the diaphragm in the heart and the Brain here's how it works when you exhale the diaphragm moves up which makes the heart a little bit smaller it actually gets a little more compact blood flows more quickly through that compact space the sinoatrial node registers that blood is going more quickly sends a signal up to the brain and the parasympathetic nervous system some neurons in your brain stem send a signal back to the heart to slow the heart down so if you want to calm down quickly you need to make your exhales longer and or more vigorous than your inhales now the reason this is so attractive as a tool for controlling stress is that it works in real time this doesn't involve a practice that you have to go and sit there and do anything separate from Life the phys ological sigh is something that people naturally start doing when they've been crying and they're trying to recover some air or calm down when they've been sobbing very hard or when they are in claustrophobic environments however the amazing thing about this thing that we call the diaphragm the skeletal muscle is that it's an internal organ that you can control voluntarily so this incredible pathway that goes from brain to diaphragm through What's called the frenic nerve p h re n i c frenic the frenic nerve innervates the diap you can control anytime you want you can double up your inhales or triple up your inhales you can exhale more than your inhales whatever you want to do such an incredible organ and the physiological sigh is something that we do spontaneously but when you're feeling stressed you can do a double inhale long exhale now I just told you a minute ago that if you inhale more than you exhale you're going to speed the heart rate up which would promote more stress and activation now I'm telling you to do a double inhale exhale in order to calm down and the reason is the double inhale exhale which is the physiological sigh takes advantage of the fact that when we do a double inhale even if the second inhale is sneaking in just a tiny bit more air because it's kind of hard to get two deep inhales back to back you do big deep inhale and then another little one sneaking it in the little sacks in your lungs the aoli of the lungs your lungs aren't just too big bags but you've got millions of little sacks throughout the the lungs that actually make the surface area of your lungs as big as a tennis court which is amazing if we were to spread that out those tend to collapse as we get stressed and carbon di carbon dioxide builds up in our bloodstream and that's one of the reasons we feel agitated as well but when you do the double inhale exhale the double inhale reinflates those little sacks of the lungs and then when you do the long exhale that long exhale is now much more effective at ridding your body and bloodstream of carbon dioxide which relaxes you very quickly when you're feeling stressed the physiological side done just one to three times so it would be double inhale exhale double inhale exhale maybe just two times will bring down your level of stress very very fast and as far as I know it's the fastest way to accomplish that be aware that if you're going to use the physiological sigh or exhale emphasize breathing to calm down that your heart rate will take about 20 to 30 seconds to come down to basine and you may need to repeat the physiological s a few times so let's think about something now let's think about stress from not whether or not it's acute or chronic whether or not it's good for us or bad for us but on three different time scales because then we can arrive at what this is all about as it relates to emotions but I really want you to understand the difference between the three kinds of stress on three different time scills short-term medium-term and long-term and what it's good for and what it's bad for I think we've all heard that stress is bad for us we've seen these pictures intended to frighten us and indeed they are frightening you see the nice really plump brain on the left says healthy or control and then you see the brain that says stressed above it on the right and it's like withed or we see that the hippocampus an area involved in memory is smaller people that are stressed I think we've all heard now so many times that stress is bad but in that conversation unfortunately it's a lipsed some of the really positive things that stress does for us in the short term when the stress response hits that is good for your immune system I know that might be a tough pill to swallow but it's absolutely true in fact stress often comes in the form of bacterial or viral infection and the stress response is in part organized to combat bacterial and viral infection so short-term stress and the release of adrenaline in particular or epinephrine same thing adrenaline epinephrine is good for combating infection and this to me is just not discussed enough so that's why I'm discussing it here and it relates to a particular tool that many of you ask about but I don't often get the opportunity to talk about in such an appropriate context it's not that it's ever inappropriate to talk about but what I'm about to talk about now is the use of again respiration breathing to somewhat artificially activate the stress response and that will accomplish two things okay I'll return to medium and long-term stress but I want to say short-term stress is good because the dilation of the pupils the changes in the Optics of the eyes the quickening of the heart rate the sharpening of your cognition and in fact that short-term stress brings certain elements of the brain online that allow you to focus now it Narrows your focus you're not good at seeing the so-called big picture but it Narrows your focus because it allows you to do these what I call duration path outcome types of analysis it allows you to evaluate your environment evaluate what you need to do it primes your whole system for better cognition it primes your immune system to combat infection and that all makes sense when you think about the fact that famine thirst bacterial infections viral infections Invaders all of this stuff liberates a response in the body that's designed to get you to fight back about against whatever stressor that happens to be psychological physical bacterial viral again the stress response is generic the tool takes advantage of the fact that when adrenaline is released in the body from the adrenals it has the effect of also liberating a lot of these killer cells from the immune organs in particular from the spleen but from elsewhere as well and interactions with the lymphatic system that combat infection the way this works in the real world is best captured by a study that can be mapped back to so called Wim Hoff breathing now Wim Hoff breathing is so named after the so-called Iceman Wim Hoff there are two components to a sort of breathing protocol that he developed that was based also on what's called Tumo breathing TMO so before whim there was Tumo breathing and many people call this now super oxygenation breathing so it's deliberate hyperventilation why would somebody want to do this well deliberate hyperventilation done for maybe 25 Cycles so inhale exhale inhale exhale inhale exhale that pattern of breathing rapid movements of the diaphragm will liberate adrenaline from the adrenals when adrenaline is released in the body you are in a better position to combat infections and so whether or not you breathe very quickly in these cycles of 25 breaths and regardless of what you call it doesn't matter adrenaline is released if you take a cold shower adrenaline is released if you go into an ice bath deliberately and even if you do it non- deliberately adrenaline is released you are mimicking the stress response and that adrenaline serves to suppress or combat incoming infections and this was beautifully shown in a study that was published in a very fine journal the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences for the US it's it literally called proceedings of the naal Academy USA to distinguish it from other proceedings of other National academies in other countries the way the experiment went is that people were injected with endotoxin or in some cases they were injected with with a bacterial wall that mimics infection it g it gives you a fever it makes you feel nauseous it makes you feel sick it is not pleasant half of the people did a particular pattern of breathing that looked very much like the pattern of breathing I described a moment ago of doing 25 deep inhales and exhales followed by an exhale holding their breath then repeating 25 inhales exhales holding their breath so this would look something like this or if you're listening it sounds like 25 30 times you'll start feeling heated up you'll start feeling the adrenaline response you're liberating adrenaline in your body then exhale hold your breath for 15 seconds and then repeat now I want to emphasize never ever ever do this anywhere near water people have passed out so-called shallow water bra out people have died please don't do it at all unless you get clearance to do it from your doctor because there are some pulmonary effects and whatnot and the breath holds should definitely not be done by anyone that has glaucoma or pressure uh you know concerns for the eyes but these repeated cycles of breathing that liberate adrenaline allowed the group that did that protocol to essentially experience zero symptoms from the injection of this ecoli which is remarkable they had much reduced or no symptoms they didn't feel feverish they didn't feel sick they weren't vomiting no diarrhea which is remarkable but makes total sense when you think about the fact that the short-term stress response that what's typically called the acute stress response is designed to combat all stressors many of us are familiar with the experience of work work work work work or taking care of a loved one or stress stress stress stress stress then we finally relax maybe we even go on vacation like oh now I'm finally going to get the break and then we get sick and that's because the adrenaline response crashed and your immune system crashed with it so please understand this now many of you might say well how long is it 2 hours is it 3 hours a lot of you out there that really like specificity it will vary for everybody I would just kind of use a rule of thumb when you are no longer able to achieve good sleep what good sleep means to you please see the episodes on sleep if you want more about tools to sleep when you are no longer able to achieve good sleep you are now moving from acute stress to chronic stress you need to be able to turn the stress response off okay so now let's talk about medium-term stress medium-term stress is going to be stress that lasts anywhere from several days to several weeks what is stress threshold well stress threshold is actually our ability to cognitively regulate what's going on in our body a lot of stress inoculation a lot of managing medium-term stress on the on the time scale of weeks or maybe even a couple months so we're not talking about years of stress a lot of that has to do with raising our stress threshold it's about capacity and there are very simple tools excellent tools that will allow us to modulate our capacity for stress and they look a lot like the tools I just described they involve placing oneself deliberately into a situation where our adrenaline is increased somewhat not to the extreme and then when we are feel flooded with adrenaline and normally we would Panic it's about cognitively mentally emotionally calming ourselves and being comfortable with that response in our body and what would this look like you can use the cyclic hyper oxygenation breathing to combat infection if you're feeling kind of run down and there is also a way in which you can use things like cold showers or if you exercise and you bring your heart rate up very high you kind of go into that high intensity realm where your heart is beating a little bit harder than you're comfortable with the key in those moments is to learn to relax the mind while the body is very activated one way that you can do this and this is kind of fun if it's approved by your physician and you're able to do this you can bring your heart rate up you could do this through an ice bath if that's your thing or a cold shower or cyclic oxygenation breathing or you could Sprint or you could go hard on the bike whatever is that brings your heart rate up and then what you want to do is you want to actually try and calm the mind while your body is in this heightened state of activation when we are stressed our pupils dilate the effect of that pupil dilation is to create tunnel vision it literally Narrows our view of the visual world we no longer see in Panorama and there's some other effects as well but that's because the visual system through this cranial nerve system that I described before is Tethered and is part of this autonomic nervous system by deliberately dilating your gaze meaning not moving your head and eyes around but by deliberately going from tunnel vision to broader panoramic Vision literally seeing more of your environment all at once it creates a calming effect on the mind because it releases a particular circuit in the brain stem that's associated with alertness AKA stress now this is very powerful if you're running for instance and you're at Max Capacity you're close to it or you're kind of hitting like 80 90% of maximum on the bike and you dilate your gaze what you'll find is the mind can relax while the body is in full output and this is um relates to work that in various communities people are are working with this in the sports Community military communities Etc but it's a form not really of stress inoculation it's more about raising stress threshold so that the body is going to continue to be in a high alertness high reactivity mode high output but the mind is calm and so this isn't about you unifying mind and body this is actually about using body to bring up your level of activation then dissociating not the clinical dissociation kind of disorders but dissociating the mental or emotional response from what's going on in your body and over time so if you do this you know a couple times you don't have to do this every workout but if you do this every maybe once a week or so you start being comfortable at these higher activation States what once felt overwhelming and like a lot of work now is manageable it feels tolerable so that's for navigating medium-term stress and then there's long-term stress now long-term stress is bad you do not want adrenaline up in your system for a very long time in fact you you ideally you would have your stress go up various times throughout the day but it would never stay elevated and it would never prevent you from getting a good night's sleep we know that chronic stress elevated stress and especially in the so-called type A personalities creates heart disease leading killer of for in most every country but in particular in the US but by no means do you want to be stressed out all the time chronically for months and months and months and years on end the best tools the best mechanisms that we know to modulate long-term stress might surprise you a little bit first of all there are going to be the things that don't surprise you which is everyone knows getting regular exercise getting good sleep um using realtime tools to try and Tamp down the stress response Etc that's all going to be really useful the data really point to the fact that social connection and certain types of social Connection in particular are what are going to mitigate or reduce long-term stress and this is a particularly important issue nowadays where we have all these proxies or surrogates for social connection you know online and texting with people a lot everyone has this kind of need to stay connected to one another humans are incredibly social creatures the way to think about social connection and how it can mitigate some of the long-term effects of stress is really through the systems of neuromodulation like serotonin serotonin again is a neuromodulator neuromodulators are a little bit like playist in the brain they tend to amplify or bias the likelihood that certain brain circuits and body circuits are going to be activated and that others will not serotonin generally gives us feelings of well-being at very high levels it makes us feel blissed and it tends to make us feel like we have enough in our immediate environment when we see somebody that we recognize and Trust serotonin is released in the brain and that has certain positive effects on the immune system and on other systems of neural repair and and synapses and things that really reinforce Connections in the brain and prevent that long-term withering of connections so serot on is tied to social connection now social connection can take many forms some of those can be romantic attachments those could be familial attachments that are non-romantic friendship pets even attachments to things that just Delight us having a sense of delight a sense of really enjoying something that you see and engage in witness or participate in that is associated with the serotonin system and certainly play is one of those things social connection of various forms those are things to invest in I'll be the first to admit social connection and friendship and relationships of all kinds to animals or humans or inanimate objects takes work it takes investment it takes time in not needing everything to be exactly the way you want it to be social connection is something that we work for but it is incredibly powerful finding just a few people even one or an animal or something that you Delight in believe it or not has very positive effects on mitigating this long-term stress on improving various aspects of our life as it relates to stress and emotionality now how do you know if you're making serotonin you don't know in the moment but you can learn if you pay attention to kind of recognize these feelings of comfort trust Bliss delight and those are not weak terms those are not associated just with uh psychological terms they are they are every bit as physiological as the movement of your muscles or the secretion of adrenaline now there are a plethora of things that will also impact well-being and allow you to mod modulate your long-term stress reduce the likelihood that you'll engage in long-term stress there are compounds that are not prescription compounds that can modulate the stress system and sometimes because of the way that life is we just don't have the opportunity to control life and to control our response to stress the three I want to focus on and one that I think you need to be cautious about that I've mentioned before include ashwagandha eleanine and melatonin let's talk about melatonin first melatonin is a hormone secreted from the pineal in direct relationship to how much Darkness you are in not emotional Darkness but light suppresses melatonin melatonin helps you fall asleep it doesn't help you stay asleep I personally do not recommend supplementing melatonin because it's supplemented typically at very high levels you know 1 to 3 milligrams or even more that is an outrageous iously high doses also has a number of potentially negative effects on the reproductive axis and and hormones there the other is Aline I've talked about Aline which provided it's safe for you can be taken 100 milligrams or 200 milligrams about a 30 minutes or 60 minutes before sleep it can enhance the transition to sleep and depth of sleep for many people it increases Gaba this inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain it tends to turn off our forbrain a little bit or reduce the activity of our kind of thinking systems and ruminating systems help people fall asleep but theanine has also been shown for people that are chronically anxious or chronically stressed to significantly increase relaxation it is known to have a minor effect on anxiety but eight Studies have shown that it definitely has a notable effect on stress the other supplement that can be very useful is ashwagandha ashwagandha is known to lower anxiety and cortisol this is great I mean the opportunity for me anyway to be able to take something that can help me reduce my cortisol so that I don't get some of the long-term effects of stress and I'm not going to take ashwaganda year round I would only do this if I was feeling like I wasn't managing my short and medium-term stress well so I don't take it on a regular basis I do take it when I'm in these times when things are particularly stressful so social connection and some supplementation of course diet exercise sleep for long-term stress so I hope today you were able to take a slightly different view of this thing that we call stress not just see it as evil but see it as power powerful and useful in certain contexts great for us in certain contexts and problematic in other contexts and as well to think about the various tools that I've presented that can allow you to adjust and modulate your internal levels of alertness or calmness so that you can lean more effectively into life which includes sleep and social connection and the work you have to do and of course acknowledges that the events in the world are beyond our control what's in our control is how we react to them something that's ly said in the wellness and self-help and psychology world but for which there often aren't as many concrete tools that we can really look to and Trust in real time as always really appreciate your time and attention today I hope you practice some of the tools if they're right for you I hope you think hard about stress and how you can control your stress and above all as always thank you for your interest in science [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @hubermanlab [325 likes]: Thank you for watching! If you enjoyed this topic and episode, please click the “Like” button and subscribe to our channel on YouTube. Thank you for your interest in science! — Andrew
  2. @julay629 [1 likes]: 11:30 double inhale
  3. @FrozenMountains [1 likes]: Its stressing when the world tells you you're not good enough. Trying to prove that you are or worth somthing that is greater than said self.
  4. @NeuroSanctumLab: What an incredible tool this Physiological Sigh is! Thank you Dr. Huberman!
  5. @BenjaminBennett-h7t: I always hear when people in distressed situation, they are asked to" calm down, breath "! Now I know WHY ! Another great vedio! Thank you! Now I am taking my dog for a 20 minutes walk, enjoying the sun light and start  my day!
  6. @Ancientastronautskeptic: how do I exhale more than I inhale????  I breathe in.... air goes in...  I breathe out... how do I possibly breathe out more than what just came in?  Even if I do it more vigorously, isn't it a net wash if I can't breathe out for as long due to breathing it out quicker than I breathed it in?
  7. @PrernaVerma-q1i: this video is really helpful… simple tools but not easy to follow daily sometimes we think we are fine but stress is there in background i once checked my stress on streffie, took like 10 sec… it was more than i expected good video, learned something useful.
  8. @xiongmay-od6kw: This sounds like exactly what I needed to hear today. Check this out: Tools for Managing Stress & Anxiety | Huberman Lab Essentials32:29In this Huberman Lab Essenti
  9. @Tanu-b8l: Damn this felt too real, didn’t even realise I do this all the time and I’ve been using Solh Wellness and it’s actually helped me understand my stress and overthinking better instead of ignoring it , Feels good to finally be a bit more aware of what’s going on in my head.
  10. @Tanu-b8l: always thought stress shows up only when something big happens and but this made me realise it’s there even in normal days, just in smaller ways , I started noticing it more after using Solh Wellness and it actually made things clearer
  11. @bloodorange9: What a fantastic guest! Thank you so much!
  12. @BrendaNamiiro-s2g: Thanks a lot.
  13. @JuliaAzarm: When do we realize that sometimes we're just in a crazy world, even being taught to be resilient, I believe some of us are just being groomed for existence in a unhealthy environment. Fixing your nutrition,your health,your coping skills, only are going to go so far....many of us know that from childhood we got delivered to the wrong parents,the wrong family, the difficult place on the planet, the challenging existence. However we except the process and here we are, hopefully we haven't damaged anyone once were aware of our own damages. Your approach is interesting I'm listening.
  14. @JacobDover-s4m: God l have stress right now what should l do ?.
  15. @RelaxunoOfficial: Slowing down feels wrong, but it helps.
  16. @Breathflowconnection: The physiological sigh that Huberman talks about is something I use constantly in my facilitation work. Two short inhales through the nose followed by an extended exhale through the mouth. It works because the double inhale pops open the alveoli in your lungs that have collapsed, maximizing surface area for gas exchange. The long exhale then activates the parasympathetic nervous system through the vagus nerve. What I find in practice is that combining this with cold exposure creates a much deeper training effect. When someone is sitting in 3 degree water and their body is in full sympathetic activation, using breath control to deliberately shift into calm is the most powerful stress inoculation I have seen. The skill transfers directly to high pressure situations outside the water. After six years of running these sessions I still find it remarkable how fast people can shift their state once they understand the mechanism.
  17. @Sensistar4200: thank you for these videos
  18. @J.lopion: I mean what can people with limited access to connection do ? I feel stressed and I wish I can have someone to talk to but circumstances make me not have that
  19. @tylercoombs1: The stress response plays a crucial role in repairing mechanical damage to muscle cells after lifting weights, and it directly impacts recovery time. While we need some stress for muscle gains, it's essential to manage it effectively. This is where Huberman's simple breathing exercise comes into play, I would argue that it's far more important than static stretching right after a workout. In fact, it's more beneficial to calm the body down before moving into a deep stretching routine. Personally, I avoid deep stretches for 30 to 45 minutes after my lifting sessions, especially on my big compound lift days. 
Essentially, you are relaxing your body in steps, giving it time to respond to signals in the environment
  20. @Roband3rson: Keep me in prayer please

- Deep Relaxation Hypnosis for Stress Relief, Anxiety Relief, and Instant Calm (Science-Based): Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I’m Michael Norman and welcome to this YouTube version of the Instant Calm and Automatic Change series. Since this is a very deep relaxation experience that’s comfortably different from meditation, comfortably different from old forms of hypnosis, or anything else you’ve tried, before we begin we want to quickly take a moment to make sure you’re completely ready to enjoy an incredible experience. So first, since this is about you’re moving past any stress or anxiety you may have been having, since this is about you’re becoming blissfully immersed in a positively deep state of calm, to make sure you’ll be surrounded in comfort, this session use state-of-the-art 3D audio technology, which has been especially optimised, for your listening with stereo headphones. Also, to make sure you’ll always look back on this as one of the best experiences you’ve had, given that this is the very first session in this series, and given that you’re about to relax more deeply than you might currently know, what we’re going to do, is we’re going to slowly ease into you’re relaxing, so that we can maximise your comfort, so that we can maximise your calm. So make sure you’re in a place it’s comfortably safe to close your eyes, knowing that as you do, you’re honestly ready inside, to slow down to enjoy, really enjoy, this peacefully unique, peacefully calming, peacefully magical deep relaxation experience, that’s this gift from me, to you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PanicFreeTV [574 likes]: Please note: Lifelong freedom from panic attacks requires more than just calm. For my fast, free help ending panic attacks, please watch my free "Panic Free TV Foundation Series" at https://www.PanicFree.TV
  2. @setor3ful [1 likes]: Michael please make more content buddy!  Please
  3. @yeshidolma26 [1 likes]: My anxiety came back after 2 years, now I’m starting this meditation again which previously helped me! 
Day 1 ✅
  4. @Punkybrewstarr [1 likes]: This saved me
  5. @marydixon1527: that was amazing, the experience with headphones just melted me away from the world, thank you for this, i will revist often  to be free from the worry i have about my mental health declining,
  6. @lurenecornelius8053: Thank you Michael for all you give. I am having serious anxiety with high blood pressure and found you praying for help.
  7. @astrosdiva86: What a wonderfully immersive experience. i look forward to future sessions.
  8. @drcunningham1241: Great start found it calming hope as the series go ion it become even better 🙏
  9. @KateyHalford: fab thank you
  10. @GameofKitties: Wow! Thank you it was very helpful
  11. @lauraaa2222: Just taken me about 2 minutes to get my body moving 😂 wiggling me fingers and toes and still couldn't get out of the relaxation. Obviously got there in the end. Lovely waves of sound to help the mind.
  12. @DieselsPride: I subscribed 🙋
  13. @wh1000: I just wanted to say that this is super effective even without headphones 🤍
  14. @graylegs126912: Thank you. 😂
  15. @moiracorrigan9922: ❤
  16. @herdaisy03: My mind is a total mess. It was hard for me to concentrate but yeah I fell sleep .
  17. @LAKSHMILOVE3000: Thank you
  18. @LAKSHMILOVE3000: U ok❤
  19. @graylegs126912: Thank you.
  20. @alicestoddart: Thank you - just listened to first stand looking forward to more! Made me teary - was a unique experience ❤

- How To Manage a Tech Team as a SaaS founder in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en If your dev team is sitting idle, confused, and you have no idea whether they are performing at their best, it can lead to costly mistakes and even put your SAS at risk. With Cat Talk, for example, we implemented systems to prevent wasted time through proper product and project management coaching, allowing their team to hit timelines for the first time ever. If you are seeing me for the first time, my name is Victor and I've worked with hundreds of non-technical founders and CEOs and this is the number one problem that keeps them up at night. So today, we'll find out how hiring and managing tech teams works. And finally, I will share with you my top secret tip to maximize your productivity and deliver software on time. Okay, let's start with mistake number one. Your developers are sitting around idle waiting for work. Then you assign a task, but suddenly you're getting 20 Slack messages asking for a clarification. Half your team is now waiting around for answers and progress is slow because obviously you are in an important sales call. There's a really simple fix for this, but first you need to understand why this happens. This is a symptom of a poorly defined work pipeline. the product vision isn't being broken down into clear, actionable, and well doumented tasks for the engineering team. Now, to solve this, first you need to maintain what we call a groomed backlog. Think of it like the chef's kitchen. A good chef doesn't just start cooking by running to the fridge, opening it up just to see what is in there. They all have their ingredients prepped, chopped, and ready to go. Your backlog, which is just your team's to-do list, needs to be the same. You should always have a list of the next five to 10 tasks clearly defined and ready to be picked up. This is the single most effective way to prevent developer downtime. Once you have the system up and running, you won't have those constant interruptions. Your developers know exactly what to build and you get to focus on actually growing instead of being everybody's chat GPT. It's honestly like getting your life back. And these are exactly the kinds of systems you need in place if you want to launch your MVP on time and without the usual chaos. If you'd like my personal help with that and setting this up and much more, there's a link in the description to just book a call with me. So, feel free to do that. Now, on to mistake number two. This feels like a very smart business move until you realize it's actually the most expensive decision you can possibly make. I'm talking about it feels very smart to hire three junior developers instead of one. I mean, hey, they might even cost the same because three devs will work more than one dev, right? But this is one of the most expensive and momentum killing mistakes you can possibly make. One problem is that you're not just paying their salaries. The true cost of an inexperienced developer includes the hours your senior team members have spent mentoring them, training them, and fixing their mistakes. The biggest slowdown in any project, by the way, isn't coding. It is communication and management overhead. So, your first technical hire needs to be strong and experienced because the person's main job isn't just to write code, but to build the entire foundation of the product and understand what it is that you want to build. You need someone who can work autonomously, make smart technical decisions, and ideally help you hire the next person. So, when you do hire, you need to look for what I call force multiplier skills. skills that make the whole team better during the interview. Screen for passion, for resourcefulness. Ask them about a difficult project they worked on. Do they light up when they talk about it? Ask them about a time they got stuck. Did they give up or did they just find a creative way to solve the problem? You want people who are teachable, humble, and not just technically brilliant. Also, make a plan. Plan for how your team policies and structure will scale as you grow. Don't just add team members without a plan. Now, all these tips will change your hiring mindset, knowing how who to hire and why, because now you aren't going for the most hours worked. You are investing in actual progress. One great engineer is worth five script kitties or more, much more actually, because they make the entire team better. You need quality, not just quantity. On to mistake number three, which I call the leadership vacuum. This is one where no one seems to be in charge of the product's direction and happens much more frequently than you might think. You thought your first developer whom you called a CTO would handle it, but they are more focused on code than on users. And developers more often than not aren't great product people or great people managers. And to understand the solution here, you need to first understand what each role really needs to even do. The product lead, what we call the product lead, is responsible for the what, the why, and in which order. They own the product roadmap. They talk to customers, they define features, and they prioritize what gets built next. And in the beginning, that person most likely has to be you. As the founder, you are the first product lead. You hold the vision. The tech lead is your most senior developer. They are responsible for the how. They own the technical architecture. They ensure the code is of high quality and they mentor other developers on the team. They take the what from the product lead and figure out the best way to then actually build it. The solution is to really from the beginning separate these two roles, the product lead and the tech lead. I'm not saying this is non-negotiable, but finding one person who really excels at both is like finding a unicorn and you're probably not there. Also, don't give the co title away for the to first hire like candy on Halloween. Founding engineer or tech lead is often a more appropriate title for a first tech hire because it doesn't imply the very highlevel people and you know money management skills. Now, doing this will give clear accountability for both product direction and technical execution. The developers will know who to ask about features and your product lead can make decisions him or herself. And now you've got a system that scales even without you making every tiny little decision, giving you the freedom to focus on growing the business while your product development runs smoothly. But if you're a non-technical founder, the thought of finding and vetting the right tech or product lead is probably a little bit terrifying. That's why I launched SAS Mastery. I give you advice around hiring the exact people you need and creating a fitting setup and we can source and prevet those candidates for you. So if you want to skip all those different problems non technical founders fall into while launching their MVP and you need the help of maybe an entire trusted team from day one, then click the first link in the description and let's talk on to mistake number four. As a non-technical founder, you have no real way of knowing if the work being produced is any good. I mean, you see task B marked as done, check, but you're not sure if the code is of a solid foundation or just a house of cards. You can't tell if the team is moving fast or just spinning its wheels. And this will also allow you to find the weak spots of your code because your team might be shipping features quickly, but cutting corners on code quality to meet deadlines. This will get your technical debt higher and higher and higher and make it act like boom, compound interest. And every new feature becomes just a little bit harder and a little bit more expensive to build. So to fix this, you can, for example, hire a fractional CTO for quarterly audits. For a few hundred or a couple thousand dollars, you can pay a highly experienced independent technical leader for a few hours of their time. They'll review your code, assess your team's progress and the process, and give you an unbiased report on the health of your technology. It's like getting a home inspection before you buy a house. It's like a no-brainer, right? And also don't get fooled by those many vanity metrics like lines of code written or tickets closed. These really mean absolutely nothing. The only metric that matters is shipping valuable features to your customers or even better measurable improvements and KPIs like feature adoption, churn, or user activation. You have to focus on outcomes not activity. Finally, and not many non-technical founders do this, God your team's sentiment. You can use simple or even anonymous weekly surveys asking them to rate their confidence in the project from 1 to five. Low morale is almost always a leading indicator of slow progress or deep technical problems. These things will allow you to have three unbiased sources of information on what's happening and allow you to make decisions about timeline, budget, and technical debt. And most importantly, you can catch problems very early when they're less time-conuming to fix rather than in the launch phase or funding round. And finally, this final mistake is what I call the Goldilocks problem. Your tech team is either building a massively scalable system designed for millions of users when you only have 10 or they've built such a cheap flimsy version that it's constantly breaking even though customers are coming in and coming in. One is too big, the other is too small. But both will ruin your business in different ways. The overengineered route burns through your oneway because you're paying for servers and complexity you don't need and waste your time on engineering it. The underengineered route means you you spend all your time putting out fires instead of actually growing the business. So your focus should be to build a solution that solves the core user problem at the scale you're currently at or will be in the near future. not building a system that handles millions, but also not something that is just held together with duct tape. And to help you stay on track, one of the most useful and overlooked tips is to simply ask why. If your developer wants to use some complex setup, ask why. If they say for scale, ask why you need that scale. What scale? What skill are we talking about? Keep asking why until you understand the real business reason. And finally, the most important technical feature for any startup and my top secret, it's the ability to change direction quickly. A simple system is easier to adapt and change. We all know the road to product market fit is littered with pivots, changes, uh new features that come up last minute. You need to maximize the speed of iteration. Great way to enforce this is by using a fixed time and budget with a flexible scope. You tell the team, "We have two weeks and this much money to solve this problem. Let's figure out the simplest version we can ship." By doing this, you've just unlocked your startup's greatest competitive advantage, speed. By building what's needed now, with the simple, reliable tools, you can adapt and respond to your customers faster than any of your bloated competitors. So, there you have it. The five biggest pitfalls for non-technical CEOs and the playbook to avoid them. We've just gone from chaos to a predictable workflow. You don't need to learn how to code to be an effective non- tech leader. You need a framework and the confidence to ask the right questions. This is your framework. Now, I know putting this into practice is the hard part. If you want an expert guide in your corner to make sure you get it right, that's exactly what I do. Click the link in the description to book a call with me and let's build a clear road map and finally get your MVP launched smoothly and on time. Thanks for watching. Subscribe for more videos like this and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @mgmoore: Solid video!
  2. @j936-n6n: Hey, I am a developer and I 100% approve of this message.
  3. @mystorytv01: Thank you for this helpful info

- Flying With The Founder: 6 Ways to Build a Better Team: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm nick wieder from tamarac aerospace group and i want to talk to you about leadership good people make good business that's a philosophy i live by and a rule to never forget when building an efficient and invested team tamarac has an incredible unique spirited company culture unseen amongst most technology companies with a long list of quirks and some big personalities our last decade of work in the aviation sustainability world has been a product of good old-fashioned teamwork and an incredible concept but the team within the work is the critical aspect here are my six ways to help build a better team it's going to be a stronger team and a better more gelled team first you build team values you reflect the integrity you wish to see in your team you communicate frequently with your teams about goals and important values mission statements and those kind of things you establish trust from your employees and customers by following through with company values and keeping an open line of communication that being truthful and is easy in the good times but essentially important in the turbulent times number two you define key roles but recognize that any role or employee within a company can evolve if someone's really good you find them a place and you evolve them you know just wait you know you don't wait for this to happen you cultivate it you expect it you you ask for it a strong team seems room for growth and embraces the process when your vision benefits others and everyone puts in the work the result is success number three choose people who want to be there it seems simple but in order to benefit everyone everybody's got to be pulled in the same direction put the right team leaders in place who help mature and nurture the company environment in a healthy way understand your team by getting to know them and engaging with them on a personal level too number four set the course and be willing to make course corrections you've heard the north star right find the north star and run toward it when operating within the team always keep the main goal vision mission statement and timeline in mind as you're going through the process celebrate success and failure and how they've benefited your goal and accelerate in many cases success consists of going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiasm that's winston churchill acknowledge and reward and reward your victories really important number five be a thoughtful leader when making decisions listen to feedback to be open to them open new ideas and show trust in your team by giving up a lot to them remember to follow your best instincts rather than your ego when making decisions and that's tough for a lot of people number six be aware of how you and your team work be aware of it how you work independently and how you work together and really understand and try to be a student of that encourage balance between work and personal time expressing the importance of recharging your batteries if working under pressure or a deadline working with your team to help block out the noise focus and finish focus and finish you set these goals and you run towards them so a lot of my customers are successful entrepreneurs and you already know these things and sometimes it's better and often helpful to get input from different uh different viewpoints so thanks for listening today and remember tamara takes you further

- Fireside Chat with Alex Mans, Founder and CEO of FLYR, at Aviation Festival Asia 2024: Kind: captions Language: en now for our next conversation it is a f side chat about the travel technology oligopoly to lead this conversation will be my colleague and Mentor uh another uh moderator Mr Brian Summers he's the founder and editor of the airline Observer and I would like to bring him on stage with Alex mans the CEO and founder of flyer Labs gentlemen on stage please thank you [Music] that was a great session this is good morning Alex good morning I understand you flew here today just to visit us I I just flew in on the 6:00 a.m. arrival 19 hours from JFK was it the best flight of your life it was a great I I'm a huge Aviation geek so uh if you put me on the longest flight in the world I will take it any day at the week I love that all right so um look I I have known you uh for a long time we all see your branding flyer all over the place we see your salespeople um but I think there's a lot of people in the room and sometimes I feel like one of them that aren't exactly sure what your company does so what do you all do great well great question well thank you for being here uh for inviting me on stage and good to see everybody familiar faces um let me start thinking one step back travel Airlines alone are approaching about a trillion dollar in terms of total kind of gross opportunity right now yet somehow the airline industry feels very much like it is advancing at a slower technological Pace than any other industry in the world even banking arguably even Healthcare so what we try and do with flyer is we try and address what we call Mission critical capability that we believe is holding back the industry and when I say holding back I mean um Legacy systems Legacy standards and and protocols by which we communicate and so there are three areas of focus for us one improving decision- making particularly using AI I've been doing that for many years two enabling better Modern customer retailing experiences on kind of the frent and then three enabling these ever more complicated experiences for customers to be fulfilled in the back end the reservation system the system of record that's really where we focus as a company all right can you give me like a concrete example example of a problem that you can solve if I'm a commercial executive in an airline I'm having something is not working right what can you solve for me well maybe you take the uh the front end the experience example today the experience that customers experience when they book a flight change of flight web Mobile kiosk hasn't really changed for over 10 years right and the main reason for that is a disconnect with the downstream reservation systems and what they are able to do um one thing that we help solve for aanka for examp example is we implemented a booking engine layer on top of their existing Downstream infrastructure on top of which they were able to build modern web and mobile experiences and kind of unconstrained or unlock their ability to develop the experience for the customer from the limitations of their back office it's one one example okay so a lot of these airlines are you know 10 years behind how do they catch up and then go on so that they're ready 10 years from now yeah so I it's a good question I think there's a coup of first of all there's a couple of false narratives I believe in the industry right we're all stuck to these Legacy formats p&rs emds electronic tickets um uh artifact based messaging for those in the room that are familiar with it um and we're using those as kind of an example of why we cannot change the reality is that's not necessary right so I think in order to do this migration you need to create kind of a middleware that is able to be fully Backward Compatible with the Legacy world of pnrs and of the GDs right and of edifact but that kind of unconstrained the airline from developing its direct channels from developing its NDC connectivity from inviting Partners to participate in their experience hotels activities car transfers um so you have to kind of create this bridge you have to create this translation layer and that's what we've been very focused on in in in recent years to kind of help bridge that Gap uh as a first step so presumably you meet people people out in public and you tell them what you do and then they they probably tell you I had this really bad experience on an airline you're not going to believe it it just doesn't make any sense like when when you talk to your friends about why this business is so Antiquated how do you explain it to them and do you actually tell them that it's going to get better well one example that I always love to use is that as an industry we still store customer booking data as flat text in a P&R right and in order to add new products we have to go to these complicated steps that are written into like into text again into this P&R it's like you're back in the 1970s with comma delineated files instead of modern database structures so that's how I describe it like the airlines core systems of record haven't yet evolved to a modern database effectively holding back what we can actually use them for okay so I know you're a you're a privately held company you don't say uh much about what goes on um but I'm curious do you have any like success stories of a client that you can tell us about and maybe you know people out in the audience like they want to know how their revenue is going to improve like anything quantifiable that you can tell us about about how this all works yeah so all of our products right so decision Mak reservation system modernization and kind of customer experience are targeted at lowering the airlines cost base increasing their revenue and gaining more capability that the Future Ready that's always true for all of our product lines um some examples of things I'm really proud of so I mentioned aanka we were able to overhaul their uh front end channels web mobile Etc and put in place an infrastructure that is ready for the future even though it is still sitting on top of what came before um we have a great relationship given that we're in APAC with Air New Zealand um together with Air New Zealand we developed the a brand new deep learning based Revenue management system for the network we developed a Last Mile pricing mechanic to answer billions of pricing requests every single day we've expanded that in areas like cargo um but I would say that the customers generally that work with us are those that see a future that is materially different from the the the present and recognize that they have to shake some things up and work with some new parties like us to help change that all right we heard earlier uh from from from Tony he gets to start a clean sheet Airline right so it's all going to be about personalization y uh you know what do you see as the next Frontier for personalization in this industry yeah it's a good question so um I think there's a couple of examples practical examples I can give of things that we do today so in Germany Condor is one of our clients and there we enable them to place a flight and a connecting Rail ticket on the exact same booking and itinerary and confirmation for example so interlining between multiple modal modalities effectively the ability to introduce non-air product activities right Tony was talking about alula right like they're building a new carrier to um provide access to the kingdom and then access to what is in the Kingdom it's a great example those are products that you you want to introduce into the experience and you want to be able to personalize to the extent that you understand who is the traveler what are they interested in is this business is this for family is this for tourism um today systems do not allow you to easily decide who you're dealing with and they also don't allow you to present the products that you as a traveler actually want those are the things that we enable but you don't have to be a brand new airline to do that right that's correct okay um so you got your start uh forecasting for Revenue management right y so uh it's now 2024 Airlines have all kinds of information all kinds of data about past Travelers and what people want to do and where they want to go uh why do Airlines still mess this up sometimes well I I think that's the human in the loop mostly where where Dad goes wrong to be honest um uh however I do think so we we were founded as a revenue management focused um deep learning AI company years ago right long before it became interesting to be an AI company um uh we expanded that Beyond Revenue management so we also doing things like outcome forecasting right to forecasting revenue and load performance across the network down to a singular flight so you can help uh better plan your uh Fleet strategy up or down gauge when appropriate determine where you should spend your marketing dollars um uh so so um we've evolved quite quite a bit in that area uh we're still doing Revenue management of course we're doing it across fairs ancillaries we're helping decide how how to dynamically bundle products into a dynamic Fair brand another example of personalization um so yeah we we've evolved quite a bit in that is still a core tenant of our business in addition to the experience and the reservation system side okay you know we go to these conferences all the time and you know the letters AI always get tried out often by people like me who don't know much about it but you're a technologist like you know this stuff really really well uh H how is AI going to change the airline industry so you mentioned earlier that we have huge amounts of data in the island industry and where I find that AI has the greatest potential is in places where there is huge amounts of data available preferably collected which is actually a challenge for Airlines but where it goes heavily underutilized right so if you look at all these different industries that are trying to come up with how to apply AI it is the ones where there's a greatest discrepancy between how much data is or could be available and how it is currently utilized and I think as such I think airlines are like an order of magnitude greater in terms of potential impact of AI than some other Industries where data is already more readily available so we we very much focus on helping Airlines um collect and manage all this data in a structured manner we help them forecast outcomes to make better decisions and we help them optimize decisions such as pricing or what you should be selling so is AI going to change the airline industry as much as other Industries more less what do you think the airline industry is it's not just digital right there's metal we're dealing with um so the physical product of course is really really important and and the way that evolves is independent from the digital side of it but I think on the digital side we're going to see a dramatic changes over the next 3 to five years we're going to start seeing airliner airlines operate as uh much more sophisticated merchandisers right so more like Expedia and less like your neighboring Airline that's going to be a meaningful difference we're going to see Airlines harness the power of their loyalty programs much as in terms of the value but also in terms of um how it can cater to the needs of a traveler um we're going to see massive changes in how content is distributed not just shifting more toward its direct channels but also kind of creating stop marketplaces um where Airlines between each other and with third party vendors can exchange content so we're going to see a lot of change and AI is going to help drive that change and surface the right products to the right traveler um very much so you talk about how a lot of airlines you know the number one job right is to move metal around the world when when you go into these Airlines and you talk to commerci commercial Executives is hard to persuade them that really they're they're retailers that are are also running Airlines or is it is people understand well so if you ask an airline if they want to save 1% on costs or make one more per on Revenue they're probably going to go for the cost before they go after the revenue right so and that that heavily ties to the the fact that they're operating very expensive operation with very slim margins in in normal times um however I do think that most Airlines especially postco are realizing they have to get on this train that's leaving the station to become a modern retailer because the traveler is starting to expect more and more and every other retailing experience whether it is buying something from Instagram or Amazon um those experiences are deviating rapidly from the experience the status quo experience that we're getting from Airlines right and I think that's going to drive Airlines to kind of catch up and really Force themselves to make the transition thank you all right so I i' I've known you for a long time and I've actually admired your work for a long time and and one thing that I've heard from other people is that you are really really smart and you've chosen to start a tech company not that focuses on all types of Industries but the airline industry and I'm an airline nerd myself I I assume you have to be as well right like why did you choose not to solve the problems of healthare but of Airlines and travel so I learned to fly before I learn to drive so I spend my weekends with family and grandparents at the at the Airfield when I was young I'm a huge Aviation geek of course um but I also recognized that after the title of this talk there's a bit of an oligopoly and I have great respect for the massive businesses that have been built in this industry but at the same time oligopolies and the definition just to be completely clear is a a market with limited competition as it relates to cre Mission critical systems you're going to see a Slowdown of innovation you're going to see a loss of pricing power on behalf of the airline or the customer um and to me that creates an interesting opportunity to kind of jump in as a third or a fourth Force depending on how you count and that's really what we're trying to do with flyer I I I love difficult and hard challenges right so this industry is challenged by you need a lot of capital to go after these Mission critical systems flyer has raised hundreds of millions of dollars from Black Rock West Gap Vista and others um you need to be able to manage change which is complex people process um and you need to be able to survive long sales Cycles which most startups cannot do right and we chose to go after three Mission critical areas of business for Airlines we're now 700 people um and I like that challenge I like I like doing what everybody says is impossible uh I get energy from people telling me I'm going to fail I've been hearing that for eight years um still here still growing so I that that drives me very much they must not tell you you're going to fail at this point right uh some of them definitely would like to do so all right we have about a minute left I'm going to ask you the same last question that I asked to Steve Hy late last year at a conference like this because he's been doing this for like 50 years and he told me that he still loves flying and getting on an airplane are you like me are you as excited to fly on a morning like today as you were when you were a kid oh my my excitement starts going onto seed Guru checking out the seed maps and picking the right seats and then using expert flyer to set a tracking alert to make sure that the optimal seed comes available and switching it when it when it does um but I think fundamentally um the way I would describe the experience of flight for myself is it's it's it's magic right and what I mean by that is your wheels leave the ground and by the time they touch down you're in a different place on the other side of the earth 19 hours later in my case this morning where you have different people different cultures different arts different natural environments different food and the fact that that is possible in a small amount of time like a flight is absolutely incredible and as long as I can keep experiencing that I'm going to keep drawing energy from it as well thank you Alex this was a great I really appreciate it

- Founders in Flight | Featuring Spark Biomedical | A Mallard Agency Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en I just spend a lot of time being able to educate myself on things I don't know. And I would say that's part of the journey is you can't hide from the things you don't know. You know, you you got to dig in. Here's the new thing. And and yeah, I mean, I literally Googled what does a CEO do when I started this. Oh, well, I I wonder what that definition said because I'm sure it was all over the place. Well, I'll I'll share it with you. I liked it. It said um you set the vision for the company. You onboard the talent to execute on the vision and you make sure money's in the bank. [Music] Hi, I'm Sean Sitters, founder and CEO of Malard Agency, and welcome back to another episode of Founders in Flight. I'm so excited to introduce you to Dan Powell of Spark Biomedical. Today, him and I have a really meaningful conversation about how you actually go about finding the right partners for your business and how do you actually come up with the answers to your most complex issues through maybe some untraditional methods. I hope you enjoy. Dan, welcome to the podcast. So glad that you could uh stop by and just have a conversation today. Um I respect so much what you guys are doing at Spark. Uh, and um, I love coming in your office cuz everybody's like, "We love what you're doing." And it's true. I mean, it really is true. Um, I'd love to really just explore the story of Spark. Um, because uh, well, one, it's incredible. And, uh, two, I just think that it would be educational uh, to really hear what it's been like for you uh, through the process of um, you know, founding Spark with your partners and and all that has gone into that. So, can you introduce yourself a little bit and tell me a little bit of the story of Spark? Yep. So, uh I'm Daniel Pal. I'm the CEO of Spark and one of three co-founders. Uh and I will start off by saying three co-founders is like the perfect amount because you all have your own individual domains and you're not all by yourself. Uh but for the listeners, uh we're a medical device company. Uh we are a new type of medical device, what we're calling a wearable. uh meaning this is a device that doesn't get implanted like a traditional pacemaker or spinal cord stimulator and it um uses minor electrical stimulation to stimulate the vagus and trigeminal nerve and we're on market uh to treat opioid addiction and withdrawal. That's a really wellpositioned description of what you do. And in the past I would have you would have talked about those two nerves and it would have gone woo like this. But luckily, I've had the chance to really educate myself on what you guys are uh are doing. Um I'm curious uh you know, how long has has this experience been for you? And um have you gone the funding route or uh I'm guessing so uh just from what I know about the business, but what has what has that looked like for you? And um tell me about the journey a little bit. Sure. Um we're six a little over six years uh on uh on market. We have our second generation product has gone through clinical trials and FDA approval and on market. Uh started off uh raising money for this. We've raised about 20 million to date. Um started off with a traditional friends and family round common stock. You know, I I still remember these days fondly when I called my lawyer and I was like, I got my first investor. Do I just take his check? And my lawyer was like, no, there's paperwork filings. You know, this is a legal transaction. Mhm. Uh so we've come a long ways. Uh done a did a seed round, a lot of angel investors and then now we're institutionbacked VC round in our series A that we just raised. Wow. I mean did you have experience in that in the past? Um no well tell me about what does that look like for you like for somebody who uh cuz for an entrepreneur like me and uh I'm not in healthcare but um but still it still comes up for a lot of entrepreneurs early on. And it's kind of this idea of, you know, do you go down this path of trying to self-fund it yourself or maybe that's not even an option in your particular industry or vertical, but um if if it's not an option, you still have to educate yourself and kind of guess your way through it. What has that experience been like for you just going through fundraising like that at that at that scale? Um what have you learned along the way? Yeah, I I'll I'll first liken this back to I was an entrepreneur once before many years ago. I started an internet gaming cafe. So, very different from medical devices. Yeah. Wow. I did not know that. Uh up in Plano, Texas. It was called Gamewise. Um I still run into people who say, "Hey, it's Mr. Gamewise." But um Wow. Uh and I got a big I got a small business loan uh and started it. So, not necessarily raising money, but I had to take a loan out and I didn't know anything about what I was doing. I I didn't know anything about retail. Uh it failed spectacularly. Um something that was very interesting that changed one is I have about a 20-year career in medical devices. So when it came to the process this time actually knew something about something about doing it. When it came to all the stuff I didn't know about the world had changed and I had this thing called YouTube. I don't know if you've heard of it. I have. But literally I was like what's like how do you fundra? What are the different types? And I started typing and watching videos and oh this is a convertible note. This is a safe. this is what this looks like. Dig in deeper. What does this look like for medical devices? So, it was really I I just spend a lot of time being able to educate myself on things I don't know. And I would say that's part of the journey is you can't hide from the things you don't know. You know, you Uh, well, I I wonder what that share it with you. I liked it. It said, um, you set the vision for the company. vision, and you make sure money's in the bank. Wow, that's really good. And and now, do you do that to this day? Absolutely. And uh, yeah, there's many, many more things we do, but that became a nice watch word, like am I am I covering the really fundamental basics? And it yeah, if you if you do that uh you'll have a business. Yeah, totally. Uh I think maybe the finance part of it gets forgotten in a lot of those early stages for people. I I came from a startup that I was not running that ran out of money and it owed us all 6 months worth of salary. So that making sure money is in the bank. Um I have a little bit of PTSD. Uh I never want to put uh our team through what I went through with that. I really respect that. And by the way, there's nothing like not getting a paycheck for 6 months and then telling your wife, "I want to do a startup, [Laughter] honey." That situation, you're coming from a failed startup. Yeah. But for us, totally. Well, when I uh when I started my business, I um the day that I filed my LLC paperwork was the same day that my wife came to me and I don't even know if I had told her that I had filed the paperwork or not, but she knew it was going on kind of. Um, she said, "I'm pregnant." on the same day. I was just like, "All right, here we go." Um, and I think, you know, in my conversations with other entrepreneurs and even in this conversation, I'm reminded of the fact that, um, it's in those moments where you're almost forced into it. Like, with you educating yourself on how to even go through fundraising, you're you're kind of forced into that, right? The idea mandates that you figure this out. Um, so it's in those moments of like not knowing the answers where you can really have to step up as an entrepreneur and figure it out. Um, kind of show that um that resilience that um that grit if you will to kind of get this thing off the ground. Uh, which can sometimes feel like lifting a school bus. But absolutely. Uh, so I' I've found I have a pro process for doing that. Okay. So, you got a problem in front of you and you can tell yourself everything's figure outable. Um uh but I I'm an extrovert naturally which in in my definition here is I need to talk through my problems. And so many just today I mean literally just today I I called somebody to just talk about what I'm thinking about so I could process through and find a road through to find the solution. And I would I've walked, you know, paces in front of my house uh and worn a a groove in the sidewalk. But that that's how I do it. Like you're saying, you're forced to focus. And that's one of my tools is I just I sit there and I just scroll my phone and I find somebody and I call them and then I talk about what's on my mind. Hopefully they're appropriate. Like my mom's like, I don't understand any of this. No, but like find someone and you know that and you just kind of grind out the problem. Hm. One of the things that has struck me about your journey even in this conversation you mentioned at the very top is having three founders and I know that just from meeting them that they are so instrumental to your success uh in terms of bringing that technical knowledge of the product to the table. uh and then pairing that with your leadership ability and also technical expertise in the category the but I know that partnerships can be hard um and um it strikes me that you all I'm sure it hasn't been perfect all the way through. If it has been then kudos um but really how have you navigated that um that triangle of expertise uh in terms of having three three founders um how have you dealt with that? Uh, first they're two incredible human beings. I um it has been perfect. So I don't Wow. I I don't think we've ever had an argument. We decided to form the company together. We really enjoyed working together and trusted each other. And then we got on a phone call and we're like, well, you want to divide it three ways? And I was like, all right. And I was like, I'll take care of the paperwork. And we just started working. Alejandro is a neuroengineer, so he takes care of the technology. Naveiv is a neurohysiologist, neuroscientist. He takes care of the clinical studies. I got a business background and it's just been really uh fantastic. Um yeah. So what would what would you recommend to somebody? Because when I think of um or just I've you I'm sure you've even heard these the horror stories of going into partnership with somebody where it doesn't work out. Um, and uh, luckily I think it's it's a glimmer of hope that that it can work out. What are some things that if you were talking to somebody who was considering a partnership, what would you recommend they look for in those partners? I mean, I this was an accident. I did not design this at all. So, it takes a little bit of luck. It it is incredible amount of luck. I think we're we're both midways and or more than midways through more than midways through our career. Um, and so there's an enormous respect for each other. So you have I haven't really thought through this, so let me think let me kind of work work through the answer. There's a respect level. There's an absolute honesty and transparency level. Um, we put everything on the table. And then there's a humility. there's a okay you're going to cover that you cover that I cover this I like that the three of us now I don't think we'd have the same outcome if we had two neuroengineers and one business guy or two business guys and one scientist right cuz we would have been stumbling on each other so the nice thing is is we each go to our corner and we each trust like Naveiv I know you got the clinical study design and FDA path and Alejandra I know you know exactly how to do the biocompatibility testing I don't have to worry about it and and be compliant Um, and they are like, "Dan, we trust you to raise money." And I'm like, "Uh, that feels like a lot of pressure, but um, but it it it is born out of I just trying to be really honest, good people, and we're on the same mission together." Um, probably the only time we really like had a split call was like, you know, how much dilution are we going to take for the next round? And and and you know, we'll have one person be like, uh, you know, I don't want to take that much dilution. The other one's like 100% of nothing's nothing, you know, and so we we always tend to come to a pretty happy medium. I think that's I mean it's so uh it sounds like you guys have great communication. It sounds like you have I mean respect really comes up as a key word in what you shared. Um, and I think in talking to other people about partnerships in particular, one of the things that's risen to the top is um, to not necessarily let hope, kind of this blind hope get in the way of thoughtful decision-m about going into partnership with somebody. You know, you made a really educated decision, as did your two partners, to go into business with one another because you respected one another and you had a proven trajectory and and history with one another. Um, and I think a lot of times it can kind of be like, well, I really love being around this person. I really think that they're great. Uh, and maybe they have a little bit of history, but there needs to be some due diligence there to not to make sure that you're not making that decision just based off of um hope that it will turn out really great, right? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. There is not a I mean, we we to your point, we had that, okay, we've worked together for nine months. We know what this is like. we we really respected each other. Still a little blind going into it though, you know. Yeah, sure. It kind of always has to be like that in some capacity. Yeah. Um but I think that for me, you know, it's a really great example. Um and and actually this is a good second question here. Um I'll be the judge of that. Okay, great. Sorry. I need I need I need I need you to keep me accountable to good questions here. But you guys are a very missional organization and I think maybe that has some uh some parallels to why you've had such a successful partnership is because you're doing what you're doing for a reason. Um, and there certainly there's uh profitability and business growth that's top of mind, but also what you're doing is making a real impact for real people and the the scope of that impact can actually go even well beyond where you currently sit today. Can you explore what the mission side of the business is a little bit further? You kind of hinted at it, but yeah, when that's the beauty of being in medical devices, right? You at the end of the day, you got this like that really nice feelood that we're helping people. And so when it's it's really a tough business to be in, you know, that keeps you coming back, getting up early every morning. Um, our work to trans to take this product from an adult product to a newborn baby who are suffering from neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome and be able to help like things like that man that that get you up early and focused. It really has an effect on the larger team too though. though you know we don't I think we manage the team super well and and bring those same values of respect and transparency and everything but they also just come to work fighting every day for what you know they get to work on something they really believe in. Mhm. Uh so that yeah absolutely probably that ties in. The other thing is Naveiv is getting to run the most amazing clinical studies that if he was over here down XYZ medical device company he wouldn't get to do right and Alejandro is getting to build and invent and sometimes you know it's just like Alejandro you just go think uh you know he came to me two years ago with this concept of how we could change uh the earpiece and how it works and it's like he's like no we're going to print silver on the plastic and that'll make the electrical and I was just like I have no idea what you're talking about. But he gets to really invent something that's never been done before, not just work on the fifth generation of this pacemaker or whatever. And for me, I'm getting to raise money and do this different. So, I think each of us in our own way are growing and that's helping, you know, we're we're just we're getting to do so much more than if we were just an employee at a another company. Yeah. How big is your is your current team? About 24. Okay. Uh so um with having 24 people that you're responsible for both in terms of managing and managing payroll and and all of that um talk to me about some of the I mean it's great to have a team and so there's certainly pros there but talk to me about um how do you deal with the struggles of the naturally human complexities of a business of your size? You know, 24 might not sound like a lot, but when you're operating a 24 person business, I know cuz my business is 10 that that's a lot of people that you're responsible for and there's a lot of complexities that come along with people management. So, dive into that a little bit for me. I told my team there's a Harvard business review that basically says at 25 people everything breaks like the nothing's working like you know you just get to the the number of rel different relationships and the number of different interactions gets complex and we all work from home which is bananas for a medical device company. Um and so yeah we have you know I'd like to tell you I'm I'm the best at hiring but I've hired talent that doesn't work. It becomes apparent pretty quickly though still at 25 when somebody's not pulling their weight. Um, and if you don't address it, it demoralizes everybody. I really feel the pressure like if I know somebody's underperforming that everybody's looking to me like fix the stand, right? Um, so you know, part of part of the things we put in place to make this work. Uh we have just you we're on teams and we have one one team's uh channel called Spark a conversation where everybody is on there and we wish happy birthdays and post pictures of our kids in Halloween costumes and and just stay connected. Uh we use the enterprise operating system um and traction and all those different uh tools to run our L10 meetings. This guy ought to give me a a shout out some advertising dollars for shout out%. Yeah, we're on EOS too. Okay. So, running an L10 meeting and having that structure and a consistent meeting across the clinical department, engineering, all this has really helps us manage um it became early on apparent early on I needed a an ACE project manager and so that's that's our guy Jared. He is I I got the best project manager around. So, you know, that that certainly keeps the wheels on the bus, too. Yeah, no doubt. I uh I think that one of the things that's really helped us in terms of having that operating system for our business has been just um the quantitative accountability for uh for high performance. Um you know, for us, it's really clear whenever we're the business is breaking in a very specific area because we've built systems to be able to identify when something's not going well. Um I'm curious, do you uh have similar metrics for your business and how did you go about forming those? Yeah, a lot of our metrics, yeah, like some some of them are real obvious. So if we have a clinical study, it's en patient enrollment for R&D. Um it's uh the progression through the development life cycle. Um which I say that I mean there's still that's you know a typical product coming to market. I think we have over 180 documents we produce for the FDA. My gosh. Um I don't envy your business. I love it. I love it. Um and then sales metrics um you know to to you know leads and course and all that. So I think the areas that have been more difficult to manage are the long-term ambiguous projects like reimbursement. M you know reimbursement you know nothing happens for months and and that's that's a those things get forgotten and I feel like uh you know there at the end of the day it really comes down to you know I think how much revenue are you generating um and how many leads have you generated and um for me I I mean I'm responsible for that in my organization too so I can really empathize with the pressure that can come along with that. What are um some tactics that you've employed to actually be able to kind of keep up with that necessity for the business? I mean, if that's your primary responsibility and for anybody listening, that's like the number one thing I hear from entrepreneurs is how do I get more revenue because revenue is a really helpful tool to solve a lot of problems. Yeah, we're so we are just in the beginning stage of getting reimbursement. Um, as you can imagine with addiction, a lot of the population that needs our product can't pay cash, uh, doesn't have it. Um, so we're still not cash flow positive. We're we're we're one of those startups where it's like, okay, we need enough money, right, to last till this ambiguous thing from the federal government comes through called reimbursement. M um that's that's the stressor is when your whole world depends on the federal government approving with what you did, the FDA approving your product, uh CMS approving reimbursement. That's that's probably the biggest most stressful thing cuz I can't control those things. H how do you deal with things like I mean now I'm talking about more so like how do you deal with that more so like yourself like as Dan like the stress of the things that are outside of your control you know it was um one time our product got it it got rejected even though it shouldn't have it was from the FDA and I uh gave myself the first day to panic and I was like okay you can just panic today and tomorrow I got up the next day and I was like okay what do we do and rallied the team and I was like I know this is unfair but we're here so you know we can't sit around saying this is unfair for three months and the team really rallied and we're like all right let's just make it where they can't say no and then we put a team you know plan together and you know kind of back to what I said earlier you just gr grind grind grind the problem and it was just you know persevere through that that Valley definitely I think perseverance and resilience like as I go through this podcast and talking to a number of different people I'm pretty sure everybody mentions this it's um as an entrepreneur there's something in you that just keeps you going out of necessity in a lot of cases and um out of passion in other cases it's kind of like I'm so passionate about solving this problem therefore I'm going to move forward or in other cases it's like I have to literally solve this problem to pay my mortgage in order to make this work. Um, and so it just really takes and I and I felt this in our business, it just takes so much resilience in those moments where something happens, whether it be in your control or out of your control, regardless, you still have to overcome it. and um I guess uh pivoting a little bit and and really thinking about um the future of Spark um and knowing that there will be additional challenges that face your business down the line similar to what you the story you just shared and also um thinking about the opportunities that exist uh for the future of Spark. what are um what are some things that are on the horizon for the business and how do you see your role uh in the business changing or do you see the your role changing uh you know in the future? Yeah, I wonder what it's like when if we double in size 950 and um and get to we're we're really more of a revenue focused company versus doing all this blocking and tackling for reimbursement and and all these different and clinical studies. Um, so I do see it evolving and to where I'm just much more active focused on this day-to-day sales. So that'll be nice change. Yeah. Um, so something else on the horizon we announced last night is uh we have found an application in women's health. Uh, this has a we're going to go from a disorder in the brain. Uh well, same disorder in the brain where your autonomic system that balances this thing called your sympathetic and parasympathetic systems uh has significant effect on women's health. And so we have a whole line uh of of improvements for women's health that we're looking at launching in about 2 years that we think is going to be really exciting. Um it was really funny cuz all the men kept talking about it and then and then you realize, okay, maybe we should stop and let all the women talk about. So, the women did an offsite and didn't invite any of the men and then came back and said, "This is what an ideal product would look like." And we went we went, "You're right." Yeah. As as one one should. That's awesome. Uh and then uh how how big do you see your um do you see your team getting? What what are the big dreams and aspirations beyond even the next two years for for Spark knowing um all the opportunity that's in front of you? Yeah, I I really want to addiction is a tough business. It's the only disease that convinces you you don't have it. Um, say somebody who has an addiction problem, whether it's pain pills or heroin or whatever. But let's say you wake up in the morning and you say, "I don't" and you do every day. Everyone wakes up in the morning says, "I don't want to do this anymore." And an hour later they're at their dealer's house. Um, their brain is telling them it's betraying them and it's telling them you got to have this. So the addiction business is is going to be hard and it's always going to be hard to grow really big. Um the women's health business is going to just be huge. Uh I think that's going to be just an enormous uh launch. Um where and all of them are converging with teleaalth. Mhm. Uh the neat thing about a wearable device that you can put on yourself is do I really need a bunch of salespeople in the field knocking on doctor's doors getting them to sell or prescribe the product? Instead, uh this tellaalth operating or tellahalth offering I think is just a novel we're really leading the way and it's a novel way for a medical device company to to reach all the patients who want it. That's so cool. What is um one thing last question I promise. What is one thing um that if you were sitting across the table uh not in this case but in a hypothetical scenario with somebody who was really interested in starting their own business but they um didn't necessarily uh have all the answers um and they were looking for advice on how to get started and how to make sure that whatever they started was sustainable. What are a few things that you would recommend to them? I think one of the really cool things they can do is plug into an incubator network type facility. So there's t there's different types of incubators for all types of businesses. If you're here in Texas and you're doing AI or SA a SAS business or anything, there's the Capital Factory down in Austin. There's TMCX if you're doing medical devices in Houston that's part of the Texas Medical Center. Um there's Mass Challenge. There's I'm I'm should I should be paid by all these guys. But these incubators are fantastic because they give you an a a curriculum and a and a network of experts to ask. So you can say, "Hey, I'm I'm raising money or you know, where am I missing this?" And typically they have a pretty large bench of mentors and you can just schedule office hours with them and you have all these resources. So I I think my recommendation is I I didn't go through because I came out of a 20-year medical device. We're actually still part of the capital factories. We still did do it, but um I didn't necessarily need the course, but why not, man? You can get into one of those incubator pro programs and I I think that's a fantastic thing. If you're in Texas, I think we have an incredible startup uh community and there's a lot a lot of resources. Um, I know that's exists everywhere else too to some degree, but there seems to be something with capital and startup and venture and everything in Texas right now. It's it's really cool. I think that's so good. I think the the other thing that comes to mind just in terms of hearing your story um is to just try to not let excuses get in the way for your lack of understanding of a core component of the business. the the resources in a lot of cases exist whether that be in the form of YouTube or in the form of um reaching out to somebody and simply asking for 30 minutes of their time to learn from their experience. Um those people exist and what I've experienced in business is that they're very willing usually to engage in sharing some knowledge with you because one it brings them some personal fulfillment. uh two um you know it's all it takes is you kind of just getting over the hard ask at the end of the day uh or the hard work in order to be able to actually source the information that you might need in order to start that business. So um I guess those are the the last thoughts that I have. I guess I'll just close by saying um well one I really just totally respect what you guys are doing at Spark. Um, and I, uh, have had the chance to interact with a lot of your team members, and I know that you foster a team that's really focused on words that come to mind are, um, excellence, um, accountability, uh, and like overall kindness, uh, comes to mind, which I think is like really unique to your business because I've interacted with a lot of healthcare companies and, uh, I know that that's not necessarily always in in any industry really the standard. I think you have a really like highc caliber uh way of working, a high-caliber product. Um, and I'm grateful to know you and to um, you know, be in relationship with your business. So, thanks so much for taking the time. I appreciate it.

- 5 Rules for Successful Startup Pilots, POCs, Trials | Dose 045: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the dream at dose many early stage startups are focused on running trials proofs of concept and pilots to help grow their pipeline frequently they don't get the results they're hoping for there are several critical issues you need to get right for these to be worth both your time and effort luckily there's a framework for this let's dive in dream adventures has been investing in great early stage startups for over a decade the dream at dose allows us to share best practices to help even more founders tell us about your great startup using the links below [Music] let's start by making sure we're on the same page regarding terminology first up and least formal let's talk about trials trials are usually when a customer implements your product in their environment with or without your assistance this provides them with hands-on experience and helps them validate features functionality and benefits next in formality would be a proof of concept or poc so it's a proof of concept right so what makes a poc different from a trial is adding a hypothesis this means that before starting a poc you should clearly define and agree to what you're trying to prove now let's go to the most formal of the three pilots what we're adding here beyond the hypothesis is strong purchase intent so the customer is agreeing in advance that if the pilot works out they'll be purchasing okay those are the three a trial which is the foundation poc which adds a hypothesis and a pilot that adds intent to purchase let's start getting into the top issues you should focus on to make sure your pocs and pilots deliver results first up clear success criteria frequently we hear founders pitch us and start talking about how they're doing pocs and pilots with several brand name companies everyone's excited but we'll come right back with great what are the success criteria so the poc or pilot is successful if what happens oh and the potential customer agreed to that this is usually followed up with a very muddled answer so rule number one of pocs and pilots have a short list of clearly defined and mutually agreed upon success criteria before starting and let's refine that further make those success criteria quantitative not qualitative so not a qualitative like we want to get patients out of the hospital faster but a quantitative statement like we want to decrease the time patients are in the hospital by 20 percent not we want to improve our incident response to a malware incident but instead we want to decrease our malware incident response time by 50 i mentioned having a short list of criteria some people use the term love metric what's a love metric this essentially means what's the one metric you would really love to see impacted the point is don't have too many success criteria focus on the ones that make the most difference to your potential customer last point is to be clear on the time frame to meet the success criteria is the poc or pilot running for a month three months or how long make sure the time frame is defined so round success criteria mutually agreed upon quantitative not qualitative define your love metric and clear time frame okay next let's talk about one of the best ways to reduce friction when trying to execute successful trials pocs and pilots do not integrate what do i mean oftentimes a customer will ask that you integrate your product or system with theirs avoid that if at all possible why we've seen time and again that integration during a poc or pilot is the wood chipper of startups why well now it needs to get involved oh wait they're busy that adds a delay oh nit now needs a security audit another delay and the list of delays goes on and on as your startup's runway diminishes so what do you do look carefully at your success criteria and ask how can you prove out what you need to without integrating can data be exported from the other system and import it into yours to prove things out or maybe your system delivers results but does not push them back into the customer's main systems via integration so one huge way to reduce friction and get faster results don't integrate if possible now let's talk about charging versus not charging in these early stages look if you're doing a trial in the user self-service you probably shouldn't charge but if you start raising the bar to a poc or pilot which means you'll be expending resources give charging strong consideration one of the biggest reasons you can quickly weed out how serious the potential customer is as an example if you're selling an enterprise solution that costs ten thousand dollars per month and the user is not willing to pay several thousand dollars to run a poc or pilot tread carefully their willingness to pay or wtp shows their level of seriousness it's a form of sales qualification want to throw in a sweetener tell them if they eventually buy you'll credit some or all of the charges to the full purchase price your call of course on offering that and since we're talking about money let's go a step further another big mistake we see startups make is not qualifying potential customers before starting pilots now i already mentioned a customer's wtp or willingness to pay for a poc or pilot this just makes sure that they're serious but you also need to make sure customers have an accurate view of the cost of your production solution post poc or pilot remember what's the point an eventual purchase i'm not saying you need to get a final negotiated contract and pricing before starting a poc or pilot but you want to make sure customers have visibility into your production use pricing and agree that it's within budget otherwise you risk wasting time and effort with a customer that really can't afford your solution i've seen several cutting-edge startups go a step further and ask potential customers to sign a provisional purchase order it's basically the letter of intent or loi that states if the pilot is successful they expect to purchase within a stated price range and time period the provisional purchase order typically does not have sharp teeth but does make sure your potential customer has their organization's commitment and is not wasting your time okay that's it those are five ways to make sure your trials pocs and pilots drive better outcomes first make sure you're using the right terms trial poc or pilot second make sure to have clearly defined success criteria that everyone agrees to and try to make them quantitative not qualitative third try to eliminate integrations unless that's part of your core value prop and you absolutely can't demonstrate success without it fourth think about charging for pilots to qualify potential customers finally before you start a pilot make sure production pricing has been discussed and think about getting provisional purchase orders that's it that's your dream of dose please leave your questions in the comment section if you found this video valuable please like and subscribe we have a lot more coming to see all of our doses go to dreamit.com see you next time what's a love metric that i screwed up it was supposed to i screwed up a lot of things and the list of delays goes on and on i guess make sure you're using the right terms trial it tried pilot trials pilot

  Top Comments:
  1. @dietrichruehlmann1609 [4 likes]: Excellent advice.  Many start-up companies confuse the relationships with their early adopters and fail to move them from development partner to "pilot" site and into a customer relationship.  Definition and agreement of the goals is fundamental to success. Great summary.
  2. @kchwophy [3 likes]: Great content as always. I’m going to build a channel just like yours.
  3. @pmexplore [2 likes]: Love it! 

Great lessons articulated here. I have been pushing these principles in my org. Happy to see that there are actual terms for them. I will start using these terms.
  4. @WeatherGuardLightningTech [2 likes]: The Dreamit Dose videos are fantastic!  Steve Barsh and the Dreamit team overdelivers - time after time.  Entrepreneurs - subscribe to this channel and grab the knowledge nuggets that will grow your business.
  5. @erickdamasceno [2 likes]: Great summary. Love this channel.
  6. @nidhinmahesh1 [1 likes]: Lifesaving advice!
  7. @EA_Harvard_Alum: This is great! I’m the founder of a Smart Manufacturing venture. Your point about avoiding integrations with pilots is spot on. Our tech specifically designed to work as a standalone, in the uber integrated world of Predictive Maintenance. The number of manufacturers who insist on integrations at the pilot stage is mind blowing - think significant investments in SAP manufacturing software. I’m hyper focused on proving out our love metrics - e.g. reducing unplanned downtime by 30% (by simply notifying manufacturers that something is wrong with a given machine) and reducing time to resolution by 40% (through our agentic services, contextualizing an anomaly and providing machine specific recommendations to operators and reliability engineers).
  8. @growthmktr: where would you add beta programs and how would you segment them?
  9. @kirthikaparmeswaran-gupta3292: Love this! Thank you
  10. @hansitpatel6575: Hello Sir, Im a healthtech startup founder and currently my startup is having the traction and we are looking for VC seed funding, any advice you would like to give us...!!!
Thank you.

- Microsoft Copilot Tips and Tricks to Boost Your Productivity: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, Kevin here. Today, in&nbsp; partnership with Microsoft, we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to look at 10 amazing ways you can start&nbsp; using Microsoft Copilot right now. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can compare files in OneDrive, fill in&nbsp; missing information in Excel, make branded&nbsp;&nbsp; presentations in PowerPoint, and so much more. Let's dive in. This brings us to tip number&nbsp;&nbsp; one. Copilot understands the context of the page&nbsp; that you're currently on. Here I am on YouTube,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in the top right-hand corner, I'll click&nbsp; on the Copilot icon in Edge. And right here, it&nbsp;&nbsp; recognizes that I currently have a video playing.&nbsp; And right here, I have the option to generate&nbsp;&nbsp; video highlights. Let's try clicking on this.&nbsp; Over on the right-hand side, up at the top, it&nbsp;&nbsp; generated a video summary, and it also highlights&nbsp; all of the key points mentioned throughout the&nbsp;&nbsp; video. So here, for example, if I want to&nbsp; learn about Copilot and Microsoft 365 apps,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can even click on this timestamp and it'll jump&nbsp; me directly to that portion of the video. One of&nbsp;&nbsp; the cool things too, is I can also ask questions&nbsp; about this video. Down at the bottom, let's see&nbsp;&nbsp; what the Copilot plugin is called that generates&nbsp; songs for you. Here, I'll submit that. And there,&nbsp;&nbsp; again, it understands the video and the plugin is&nbsp; called Suno. If you haven't tried it before, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; a really neat plugin to test. This functionality&nbsp; not only applies to websites with videos like&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube, but you can also use it on text-based&nbsp; webpages too. This brings us to tip number two.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can install Copilot directly on your iPhone or&nbsp; Android phone. Simply go to the App Store or the&nbsp;&nbsp; Play Store and search for Microsoft Copilot and&nbsp; you could download it for free. The app provides&nbsp;&nbsp; all of Copilot's features while you're on the&nbsp; go. Now, one of the use cases that I really love,&nbsp;&nbsp; here, I'll take a picture of a flower at my house&nbsp; and I'm not quite sure what type it is, so I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; ask Copilot, what type of flower is this? And&nbsp; look at that. It says it looks like a rose with&nbsp;&nbsp; a yellow to peach color. That's just one example&nbsp; of how you can use Copilot on the go. This brings&nbsp;&nbsp; us to tip number three. You can make a branded&nbsp; presentation in Microsoft PowerPoint. Here, I have&nbsp;&nbsp; a Word document open that talks about opening up&nbsp; a new cookie store in India. And here it has all&nbsp;&nbsp; of the details, including the market analysis.&nbsp; But I think it's a little bit hard to consume&nbsp;&nbsp; as a document, and I think a presentation would&nbsp; work better. So up on top, I'll minimize Word,&nbsp;&nbsp; and here I have a presentation open in PowerPoint&nbsp; with the official Kevin Cookie Company theme. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to turn that Word document into a&nbsp; presentation. So how do we do that? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; up on top, let's click on the Home tab and over&nbsp; on the right-hand side, let's click on the Copilot&nbsp;&nbsp; icon. This opens up Copilot. And down below, I&nbsp; have a few sample prompts that I could start from,&nbsp;&nbsp; or down below I could type in my own. But right&nbsp; on top, this prompt looks like it'll work. It&nbsp;&nbsp; says Create a Presentation From, and then I can&nbsp; specify a file. Well, I have that Word document,&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's click on this, and here it inserts this&nbsp; prompt into the text field down below. And it says&nbsp;&nbsp; Create a Presentation From, and then it uses a&nbsp; forward slash. When you enter a forward slash,&nbsp;&nbsp; you could reference people, files, or even&nbsp; meetings. Now right here, it defaults to files.&nbsp;&nbsp; And here I see all my different Word documents&nbsp; that I have on my OneDrive. Right up on top,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's that Word document opening a new cookie&nbsp; store in India. I'll select this. And here it&nbsp;&nbsp; inserts the file into the prompt that I want to&nbsp; send to the AI. Let's see how this works. Down&nbsp;&nbsp; below, let's send this through. Before it does&nbsp; anything, right up on top, I get a message that&nbsp;&nbsp; says, Creating a New Presentation Will Replace&nbsp; Your Existing Slides, so you may want to save&nbsp;&nbsp; a copy first. Well, over here, this is just a&nbsp; theme or a template, and I want Copilot to use&nbsp;&nbsp; this template to make its presentation. So, I'm&nbsp; fine with that. So right here, I'll click on Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Please. And look at that. It pulled together 18&nbsp; slides based on my Word documents using my theme&nbsp;&nbsp; in PowerPoint. This is phenomenal. So right here,&nbsp; we have the title slide. I have an agenda. And&nbsp;&nbsp; look at this. It created all of these different&nbsp; slides. I have a slide in the target audience,&nbsp;&nbsp; the competitive landscape. And again, it pulls all&nbsp; of that information from the Word document. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; if we go down to the very bottom, it also adds&nbsp; speaker notes. So here I could expand it. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I have all of the original content down at the&nbsp; bottom. And it includes a summary of that content&nbsp;&nbsp; from my Word document. This makes it so easy and&nbsp; efficient to pull together presentations. And the&nbsp;&nbsp; thing I love is it even finds matching imagery to&nbsp; go along with the text included on the slide. This&nbsp;&nbsp; brings us to tip number four. You can reference&nbsp; people, files, meetings, or emails directly from&nbsp;&nbsp; Copilot. Here I am in Copilot, and you can launch&nbsp; this by clicking on the Copilot logo on your&nbsp;&nbsp; taskbar. We looked at this one briefly in the&nbsp; previous tip. But down below in the text field,&nbsp;&nbsp; you could enter a forward slash. And this allows&nbsp; you to reference all sorts of different files,&nbsp;&nbsp; people, meetings, or even emails when you're&nbsp; prompting Copilot. So right here, I see all&nbsp;&nbsp; the different items. Now here, I can click into&nbsp; people. We could also click into files. And here I&nbsp;&nbsp; see all my different OneDrive files, any meetings&nbsp; that are coming up, and also recent emails. Now I&nbsp;&nbsp; have a question about a recent file. Here's that&nbsp; file opening a new cookie store in India. I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; click on this one. And now I can ask Copilot a&nbsp; question about this document. I want to know who&nbsp;&nbsp; is the target audience. I don't feel like opening&nbsp; up the document. So, let's send that through and&nbsp;&nbsp; see what comes back. And look at that, it pulls&nbsp; out the information directly from the document.&nbsp;&nbsp; That was easy. I also noticed that I have a&nbsp; meeting coming up later today. So down below,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's once again, enter that forward slash. And&nbsp; here, I'll click on meetings. And it looks like&nbsp;&nbsp; we have one of my favorite types of meetings, a&nbsp; cookie brainstorming session. I'll click on that,&nbsp;&nbsp; and let's find out who's attending this meeting.&nbsp; Let's send that through. And look at that,&nbsp;&nbsp; right up above, it pulls out all of the attendees.&nbsp; It looks like Diego's going, so I better attend.&nbsp;&nbsp; And right up on top, it looks like I'm the main&nbsp; speaker and host, I better go prep for this&nbsp;&nbsp; meeting. This brings us to tip number five. You&nbsp; can use Copilot to create email rules in Outlook.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right here, I have an email from Henrietta, my&nbsp; manager. And to be honest, I almost missed it, so&nbsp;&nbsp; I needed to stand out a little bit more anytime my&nbsp; manager emails me. In the top right-hand corner,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's click on the Copilot icon. And right here,&nbsp; we see a whole bunch of different sample prompts,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I already have a prompt in mind. So down below&nbsp; in this text field, I'll type in my prompt, create&nbsp;&nbsp; an inbox rule to highlight in red and pin to the&nbsp; top for emails from Henrietta Mueller, my manager.&nbsp;&nbsp; So right over here, let's see if Copilot can help&nbsp; create that rule. And look at that, it now opens&nbsp;&nbsp; up the rules prompt. And here, I can see that it&nbsp; automatically filled in all of these details. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; emails from Henrietta, here it adds a condition.&nbsp; So, it's from, and here's Henrietta's email&nbsp;&nbsp; address. And then I see two actions. It'll pin the&nbsp; email to the top, and it'll also categorize it as&nbsp;&nbsp; red. That's pretty close. I wanted to highlight&nbsp; in red, but I think that looks okay. What's nice&nbsp;&nbsp; is here, I can validate and confirm that the rule&nbsp; all looks good to me. And I think it does. So down&nbsp;&nbsp; below, I'll click on Save. Now that I've saved&nbsp; this rule, right up here, I'll run it. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; click on Run the rule. Now let's close out of this&nbsp; prompt. And right there, I can see the email from&nbsp;&nbsp; Henrietta pinned to the top with the red category.&nbsp; Now, I don't know about you, but I've always had&nbsp;&nbsp; trouble creating rules, and this makes it so&nbsp; much easier. This brings us to tip number six.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can understand your files faster with Copilot&nbsp; in OneDrive. Here I am in Microsoft OneDrive. And&nbsp;&nbsp; here I have this Word document about opening a&nbsp; new cookie store in India. When I hover over this&nbsp;&nbsp; file, right over here, I see the Copilot logo.&nbsp; And when I click on this, I have a few different&nbsp;&nbsp; actions. I can have it summarize the file. I can&nbsp; create an FAQ or frequently asked questions. And&nbsp;&nbsp; down below, I can even ask a question about this&nbsp; file. Let's try asking a question. When I click on&nbsp;&nbsp; that, that opens up the Copilot pane over on the&nbsp; right-hand side. And I've got a question for you,&nbsp;&nbsp; Copilot. Where should we open a location in India?&nbsp; And let's see what comes back. And look at that,&nbsp;&nbsp; Copilot comes back with a few different&nbsp; recommendations. It says Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore,&nbsp;&nbsp; or Hyderabad. Let me know which one you think is&nbsp; the best one in the comments down below. But here,&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like it gave it some good consideration&nbsp; for all of those recommendations. Looking over at&nbsp;&nbsp; the left-hand side, it reminded me of a task that&nbsp; I have. We have all these different invoice files,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my manager wanted me to summarize all of these&nbsp; different invoices. Over on the left-hand side,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's click into the My Files view. And here I&nbsp; see all the different files that I have in my&nbsp;&nbsp; OneDrive. Over here, I see all those different&nbsp; invoice files. I'll press Shift to select all&nbsp;&nbsp; five of these files. And up on top, we have the&nbsp; Copilot logo right up here. I'll click on that,&nbsp;&nbsp; and again, we can summarize. But there's now&nbsp; a new option. We can also compare these files.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can do this with up to five files at a time.&nbsp; So, let's test this out. I’ll click on Compare. And look at that, it extracts all of the&nbsp; information from those five files and then&nbsp;&nbsp; presents it in a table. So here I see all the&nbsp; invoice numbers, the dates, who the bill to is,&nbsp;&nbsp; and here I could even see the grand total for&nbsp; all of these different invoices. That makes my&nbsp;&nbsp; job so much easier. Now, you could also use&nbsp; this for things like, say, comparing resumes&nbsp;&nbsp; or retail logs, or in my case, invoices. This&nbsp; brings us to tip number seven. You can improve&nbsp;&nbsp; your writing with coaching by Copilot. Now, if&nbsp; you don't feel comfortable having Copilot help&nbsp;&nbsp; write text for you, you can also have it evaluate&nbsp; your existing text. Here I have an email message&nbsp;&nbsp; where my manager has asked me to announce to the&nbsp; organization that we're ending remote work and&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone has to come to the office. I still don't&nbsp; know why my manager just wouldn't send it out&nbsp;&nbsp; herself, but I guess you need a fall guy. Now here&nbsp; I have my message and I'm not sure if it uses the&nbsp;&nbsp; best tone or if it's the most convincing. So right&nbsp; up on top, we have that Copilot icon. I’ll click&nbsp;&nbsp; on this and here you could draft with Copilot.&nbsp; That's where Copilot will help you write text&nbsp;&nbsp; or you could use coaching by Copilot where it'll&nbsp; evaluate your text. I’ll select that and right&nbsp;&nbsp; now it's analyzing my message. And look at that.&nbsp; It looks like it has some feedback for me. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; it says that I should be more professional. The&nbsp; email uses a direct approach to communicate the&nbsp;&nbsp; policy change. Well, that's good. However, the&nbsp; tone comes across as aggressive and disrespectful,&nbsp;&nbsp; which can demotivate employees. Now I don't want&nbsp; that. Now right down here, I could see all these&nbsp;&nbsp; suggestions. So, it recommends changing up some of&nbsp; the wording. Those are some good ideas I could go&nbsp;&nbsp; through and make some modifications. It also tells&nbsp; me to show appreciation, not frustration. And here&nbsp;&nbsp; it has specific suggestions. Down below, it also&nbsp; has some additional suggestions. So, this way you&nbsp;&nbsp; can use the coach to improve your writing. This&nbsp; brings us to tip number eight. Copilot in Excel&nbsp;&nbsp; makes data analysis so much easier. My manager&nbsp; has asked me to pull together a table with all&nbsp;&nbsp; the cities where we have stores along with the&nbsp; corresponding country. But as you can see, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; no country here. And I don't want to have to look&nbsp; these up one by one, so let's see if Copilot can&nbsp;&nbsp; help me with this. To be able to use Copilot in&nbsp; Excel, first off, we need to make sure that all&nbsp;&nbsp; of this data range is in a table. So how do we&nbsp; do that? Well, first off, click somewhere in this&nbsp;&nbsp; data range. And up on top, let's go to Insert.&nbsp; And here you can insert the table. Alternatively,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can also press Ctrl T on your keyboard, and&nbsp; that also allows you to insert a table. Now right&nbsp;&nbsp; here, my table has headers, so I'll make sure to&nbsp; check this and then click on OK. Additionally,&nbsp;&nbsp; I also need to make sure that this sheet is saved&nbsp; in the cloud. And currently it is. But if not,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to make sure you save it in OneDrive.&nbsp; Once you do those two things, you can now use&nbsp;&nbsp; Copilot. So right up on top, let's click on the&nbsp; Home tab and all the way over on the right-hand&nbsp;&nbsp; side, let's click on Copilot. Down below, here I&nbsp; see a whole bunch of sample prompts, but I have&nbsp;&nbsp; my own. So, let's go down to this text field and&nbsp; I'll type in Add a New Column with the country&nbsp;&nbsp; for these cities. And let's see if it could do&nbsp; my work for me. Let's click on this and look at&nbsp;&nbsp; that. Here it walks me through how it went about&nbsp; doing it. And it also provides a preview. And that&nbsp;&nbsp; looks good to me. So, let's insert this column&nbsp; and look at that. I've got all the countries&nbsp;&nbsp; for these different cities. It looks like I'll&nbsp; have to fill out a few of them at the bottom,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's a really good start. Now, I'd also&nbsp; like to add one more column with the counts of&nbsp;&nbsp; countries. So, let's see if Copilot can help. Over&nbsp; on the right-hand side, let me enter the prompt,&nbsp;&nbsp; add another column with accounts of countries.&nbsp; And let's send that through. And right there,&nbsp;&nbsp; look at that. Let's insert that column. And when&nbsp; I click on it, here I see the function that it&nbsp;&nbsp; used to count the number of countries. That makes&nbsp; using functions and formulas so much easier. This&nbsp;&nbsp; brings us to tip number nine. You can use Copilot&nbsp; in Microsoft Teams to stay on top of all of your&nbsp;&nbsp; meetings. Now, right up on top, there's the&nbsp; Copilot logo. I'll click on this and that opens&nbsp;&nbsp; up the Copilot pane. Now, at the very bottom,&nbsp; we can click on more prompts and you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; examples of the types of prompts that you can ask.&nbsp; Now, I'm a little bit late joining this meeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's see if I could get a recap of what's been&nbsp; covered so far. I'll click on this. And look at&nbsp;&nbsp; that. There I get a quick overview of everything&nbsp; that's been covered so far. It doesn't look like&nbsp;&nbsp; I've missed anything important. I think that&nbsp; was just the introduction. So down below, let&nbsp;&nbsp; me also ask if there are any action items for me.&nbsp; That's always one of the most important questions.&nbsp;&nbsp; And let's see what comes back. And look at that.&nbsp; It looks like there are no specific action items&nbsp;&nbsp; for me, at least not yet. Now, this is a great&nbsp; tool where you can ask questions about meetings.&nbsp;&nbsp; You could get up to speed on any content that you&nbsp; might've missed. This brings us to tip number 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; inspiration for prompts. Now, as we've been going&nbsp; through this video, you might be wondering, well,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do you know what you can even ask&nbsp; Copilot? Here I am in PowerPoint. And&nbsp;&nbsp; in the top right-hand corner, I’ll click on&nbsp; the Copilot icon. And here we see all sorts&nbsp;&nbsp; of sample prompts that you can ask. But&nbsp; as a quick tip, down at the very bottom,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll see this icon where you can view even&nbsp; more prompts. Here I could hover over Create&nbsp;&nbsp; and then click on it. And it'll show you&nbsp; different types of things you can create&nbsp;&nbsp; with Copilot. I'll go back. You could also use&nbsp; Copilot to understand your presentation. And here&nbsp;&nbsp; we see a few sample prompts. I'll go back again.&nbsp; You could also use it to edit your presentation. Now, all the different Microsoft 365 apps will&nbsp; have their own set of prompts. So, it's well worth&nbsp;&nbsp; going through each app to see what types of things&nbsp; you can do with Copilot. And if you need even more&nbsp;&nbsp; inspiration, down at the bottom, you can click on&nbsp; View More Prompts. And this opens up the Copilot&nbsp;&nbsp; Lab. And here you'll see a very comprehensive list&nbsp; of all the different types of prompts you can ask.&nbsp;&nbsp; And down at the bottom, if you want even more, you&nbsp; could also click on See All Prompts. This opens up&nbsp;&nbsp; the Copilot Lab. And over here, you could filter&nbsp; all the different prompts by app. Here you could&nbsp;&nbsp; also filter by task or even job type. And here&nbsp; you'll see there are lots of different prompts&nbsp;&nbsp; to give you inspiration. All right, well,&nbsp; let me know which tip was your favorite.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, let me know if you have any other tips in&nbsp; the comments below. And for those of you looking&nbsp;&nbsp; to really master Copilot, be sure to visit the&nbsp; Microsoft Copilot for Microsoft 365 training.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can click on the card right up above. These&nbsp; are training courses catered specifically to&nbsp;&nbsp; different roles and also functions like HR,&nbsp; finance, executives, operations, sales, IT,&nbsp;&nbsp; and marketing. There, you can find webinars&nbsp; and other training events that will help you&nbsp;&nbsp; make the most of Copilot in your everyday work.&nbsp; Best of all, they're completely free and they&nbsp;&nbsp; go on all the time. So, you'll likely find one&nbsp; that suits your level, need, and schedule. To&nbsp;&nbsp; watch more videos like this one, please consider&nbsp; subscribing and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KevinStratvert [10 likes]: 💥 Watch my entire Microsoft Copilot series: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlKpQrBME6xJ4Begw9PA0YbaUe3Nae445
✅ Copilot Lab by Microsoft: https://aka.ms/KS3_Lab
✅ Copilot for Microsoft 365 Training: https://aka.ms/KS3_Training
  2. @LeenAbdelhafiz [1 likes]: i went to cairo and frankfurt but i couldn't find a kevin cookie company
  3. @janalcoba [1 likes]: Hope they put a copilot for face to face meetings where it can listen in the conversation and generate notes
  4. @tatendachuma997: I cant access the link to the training
  5. @tatendachuma997: 10:12 is there any value in using the coaching by co polit than just helping drafting?
  6. @manjurao: Great tips for our day to activities, just a thought and a question, is it possible to include Wisper flow AI capabilities like voice to text features in Microsoft Copilot.  Thank you😊
  7. @matthewchambers485: I use it to write code for macros in Excel for me.  So nice to have help with that.
  8. @Grzesiaczek87: Thank You
  9. @Its_AnirudhReddy: Hey ur video is crisp and clear. Thanks Kevin for the time you invest in making these videos.
  10. @alexgertsen3153: Unreal
  11. @fouziaqazi9400: Great tutorial
  12. @karenyung7472: Kevin, I lost Copilot after upgrade.  I pay for Microsoft 365 License.  I try to update License too.  Still cannot see Copilot icon at right corner as it used to be.  Can u help please?
  13. @carlostsora: Thanks for your video
  14. @ThePastaFazool: "Where shoudl i open a cookie store in India?"  What a silly example?.  CoPilot returned 4 of the largest cities in India - how special.  edgelord stuff right there
  15. @DuctTapeADK: Best trick is disabling Slop-Pilot
  16. @Cleisthenes607: Crapsoft and crappilot. I've been told to use it for work, it is useless and makes consistent errors.
  17. @Robert-at-Work: Scary. I do not like it AT ALL.
  18. @jbro800: It seems very helpful to give you what it is designed to give you and not whatever you personally want.
  19. @experimentalvid: So now we waste time on learning how to make the tool do the work that we could’ve just done 30 minutes ago. 😂 AI I find is good for inspiration, proofreading, finding new techniques. But for application, it’s best to leave it to the human for creation. Too much time is spent pruning for a sub par final product. At least, that’s my experience with it.
  20. @user-lw1kx4mw8n: Great tips here.

- Microsoft Copilot Tips and Tricks to Track Tasks: Kind: captions Language: en Managing tasks can sometimes feel like juggling&nbsp; a thousand things at once, but with Microsoft&nbsp;&nbsp; Copilot, it's never been easier to stay on top&nbsp; of it all. Today, in partnership with Microsoft,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll look at how you can supercharge your task&nbsp; management using Microsoft 365 Copilot. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in. Here I am in my Outlook inbox, and&nbsp; we all spend so much time in email. In fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; over on the left-hand side, you can see&nbsp; that I have three emails from today,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're probably action items for me hidden&nbsp; away in those emails. Let's see if we could use&nbsp;&nbsp; Copilot to extract some of those tasks or&nbsp; follow-ups. In the top right-hand corner,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's click on the Copilot icon. This opens up the&nbsp; Copilot pane, and up on top, I have some suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; prompts that I could use, but I actually have my&nbsp; own in mind. So, let's go all the way down to the&nbsp;&nbsp; bottom where we have this text field, and this&nbsp; is where I could type in my prompt. I'll type in,&nbsp;&nbsp; do I have any action items in my unread&nbsp; emails today? Over on the left-hand side,&nbsp;&nbsp; here I have those three messages. They're all&nbsp; unread, and they're from today. I've scoped it&nbsp;&nbsp; to today, but you could also say from this&nbsp; week, or maybe last week, or maybe while I&nbsp;&nbsp; was away on vacation, if you even want to follow&nbsp; up on those. Now that I've finished my prompt,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the bottom right-hand corner, let's send that&nbsp; to Copilot to see what comes back. And what do&nbsp;&nbsp; you know? It looks like I have three tasks from&nbsp; today in my inbox, one from Patti, one from Diego,&nbsp;&nbsp; and another one from Alex. One of the really&nbsp; neat things is Copilot reads the message and&nbsp;&nbsp; it summarizes what the action is. So here I can&nbsp; see a quick summary. It looks like Patti wants me&nbsp;&nbsp; to create a video teaser. And if I want to see the&nbsp; original message or all of the context, of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could go over to my inbox and find that message,&nbsp; or right over here, you'll see that it includes a&nbsp;&nbsp; citation. When I click on this citation, it opens&nbsp; up the original message that Copilot based its&nbsp;&nbsp; response on. So here I could read the original&nbsp; request from Patti. And over here from Diego,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can click on this citation and there&nbsp; too, I can also see the original message.&nbsp; Of course, I can see all of my different action&nbsp; items right here, and it's good to know what all&nbsp;&nbsp; of them are. But to make sure I actually complete&nbsp; them, I probably want to add them to a to-do list&nbsp;&nbsp; or some type of tracker. Over on the left-hand&nbsp; side, where I have all of my different emails,&nbsp;&nbsp; when I hover over, you'll notice that there's&nbsp; a flag. Let me flag this message. When I click&nbsp;&nbsp; on this, this is now highlighted. One of the&nbsp; really neat things over on the left-hand side,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can now click into the To Do app. Let's click&nbsp; into that. This drops me into Microsoft To Do,&nbsp;&nbsp; and here I can keep track of all of my different&nbsp; tasks. Right over here on the left-hand side&nbsp;&nbsp; navigation, there's a category for flagged email.&nbsp; And when I click on this, here I can see all of&nbsp;&nbsp; my different flagged emails. And there's that one&nbsp; email that I just flagged from Diego, request for&nbsp;&nbsp; website updates. If I click into that task over&nbsp; on the right-hand side, here I could configure&nbsp;&nbsp; all sorts of different options related to this&nbsp; task. For example, I could add a due date. Here I&nbsp;&nbsp; could pick a category. I could even add additional&nbsp; files. Down at the bottom, I can also reference&nbsp;&nbsp; the source email. And if I'd like to read more&nbsp; of the details, here I could click on open,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that too also opens up the original source&nbsp; email. Here, I'll close out of this. I think I'd&nbsp;&nbsp; actually like to track all of these tasks from my&nbsp; email today in a table, so let's see if we could&nbsp;&nbsp; do that. In the top right-hand corner, I'll click&nbsp; on the Copilot icon again, and here I can see my&nbsp;&nbsp; previous interaction with Copilot. Down below&nbsp; in the text field, let me try something else.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's convert these tasks into a table. Here, I'll&nbsp; click on send. It's now generated a table. And let&nbsp;&nbsp; me actually expand it so we could see it a little&nbsp; bit better. Right up on top, I'll click on this&nbsp;&nbsp; icon. That expands the pane. And here it's made a&nbsp; table that summarizes all of my action items. In&nbsp;&nbsp; the first column, I have the sender. So, there I&nbsp; have my three different people, Patti, Diego, and&nbsp;&nbsp; Alex. Then I have the action item, as well as any&nbsp; deadline that's mentioned in the message. So just&nbsp;&nbsp; like this, I could also use this table to track&nbsp; all of my different follow-ups and action items.&nbsp;&nbsp; Next up, let's see how Copilot can help us manage&nbsp; tasks directly in Microsoft Teams. Here I am now&nbsp;&nbsp; in Microsoft Teams, and conversations in Teams are&nbsp; full of important action items. I'm currently in&nbsp;&nbsp; a chat, but you could also use this in a channel&nbsp; that's part of a team. Here, I have a conversation&nbsp;&nbsp; with Diego and Patti, and I want to know what&nbsp; are all of the different action items from this&nbsp;&nbsp; conversation? Just like we saw in email, in the&nbsp; top right-hand corner, we have a Copilot icon.&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ll click on this, and that opens up the Copilot&nbsp; pane over on the right-hand side. Here, I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; text field and I can now type in my prompt. I'll&nbsp; type in extract all action items from this chat,&nbsp;&nbsp; and let's see what comes back. Right up above,&nbsp; I can see that there are two follow-ups from&nbsp;&nbsp; this conversation. I'll have to make sure to get&nbsp; that done. You can also use Copilot in Teams and&nbsp;&nbsp; channels, just like you can in a chat. Of course,&nbsp; lots of different action items and follow-ups come&nbsp;&nbsp; up in meetings. So next, let's click into the&nbsp; calendar and this opens up my calendar view, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like I actually already have a meeting in&nbsp; progress related to food safety and compliance, so&nbsp;&nbsp; let me join this meeting. I'm now in the meeting&nbsp; with both Patti and Diego, and we've discussed a&nbsp;&nbsp; number of different topics. At the very beginning&nbsp; of the meeting, we clicked on the Copilot icon&nbsp;&nbsp; and we had to turn on a transcript, and we've been&nbsp; using that throughout the entire meeting. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; we had the transcript and Copilot turned on, over&nbsp; on the right-hand side, I can now interact with&nbsp;&nbsp; and ask questions to Copilot. Now we're wrapping&nbsp; up the meeting and I want to make sure that we've&nbsp;&nbsp; captured all of the action items from this&nbsp; meeting. Down below in the text field,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll type in my prompt, what open action items&nbsp; are there? And let's send that. Above, I can now&nbsp;&nbsp; see a list of all the different tasks that came&nbsp; up during this meeting. Here, I see that there's&nbsp;&nbsp; a task related to allergen labeling update, and it&nbsp; gives me a summary of what that task is. But I can&nbsp;&nbsp; also reference the original transcript where&nbsp; we talked about this action. Underneath this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and similar to what we saw in email, if you&nbsp; hover over the citation, here I can see the&nbsp;&nbsp; actual portion of the transcript where we talked&nbsp; about this task. It looks like I brought this item&nbsp;&nbsp; up. If I go down a little bit, here we talk about&nbsp; a supplier check being needed. I'll hover over the&nbsp;&nbsp; citation. And here, Diego talks about it. And&nbsp; if I go down a little bit more on number three,&nbsp;&nbsp; here Patti brought up the need for more staff&nbsp; training. I now have everything that I need from&nbsp;&nbsp; this meeting. I think we've captured all the&nbsp; different tasks. Up on top, I will now leave&nbsp;&nbsp; this meeting. Although the meeting is now over,&nbsp; I can always go back to the AI transcript and I&nbsp;&nbsp; can continue asking questions about the meeting.&nbsp; Here's that meeting on food safety and compliance.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll click into this and right up above, I have&nbsp; the option to click into a recap. When I do that,&nbsp;&nbsp; down below, here I could click on transcript and&nbsp; I could review the AI generated transcript of this&nbsp;&nbsp; meeting. And it even breaks it out by speaker.&nbsp; So that way I can review what Diego said and also&nbsp;&nbsp; what Patti said. Over on the right-hand side, here&nbsp; I have the Copilot icon, and when I click on that,&nbsp;&nbsp; that opens up the Copilot pane. And here I can&nbsp; see all previous interactions with Copilot and&nbsp;&nbsp; there are all those different action items. This&nbsp; way we won't miss any of them. Up to this point,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've mainly looked at how you can extract tasks&nbsp; from emails and Outlook and conversations in&nbsp;&nbsp; Microsoft Teams. But you can also use Copilot to&nbsp; come up with entirely new actions and also project&nbsp;&nbsp; plans. I'm in a brand-new Microsoft Word document&nbsp; and I'm on point to come up with a project plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right here in line, I have the Copilot icon.&nbsp; I'll click on that and this opens up a text&nbsp;&nbsp; field where I can type in my prompt. I'll enter&nbsp; in my prompt, give me a list of actions to bake&nbsp;&nbsp; the largest chocolate chip cookie in the world.&nbsp; At the Kevin Cookie Company, we believe that will&nbsp;&nbsp; drive a significant amount of publicity. Now that&nbsp; I've typed in my prompt, let's click on generate.&nbsp;&nbsp; This has now generated an entire project plan to&nbsp; bake the world's largest chocolate chip cookie.&nbsp;&nbsp; It looks like we start with some planning and&nbsp; preparation and we have to source the ingredients,&nbsp;&nbsp; the equipment, and there are a lot of different&nbsp; steps involved. This will be a complex project,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's not quite the format that I want it&nbsp; in. I'd rather have it as a table. Down below,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have this field and I can make additional&nbsp; refinements. So over here, I'll type in, turn&nbsp;&nbsp; this into a table with the section, task, owner,&nbsp; and also due date. And let's send that. It's now&nbsp;&nbsp; generated a table with a high-level plan of how&nbsp; we make this a reality. Here I see the section,&nbsp;&nbsp; each individual task. I also see the owner. I took&nbsp; a best guess at what team is on point for making&nbsp;&nbsp; this happen. And here it's also estimated a due&nbsp; date for when this task has to be completed. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course, this is the best guess and not&nbsp; everything will be 100% accurate, but it gives me&nbsp;&nbsp; a really good starting point. I'll probably have&nbsp; to go in and I'll have to modify the owner as well&nbsp;&nbsp; as some of the due dates. But again, I'm off to&nbsp; a great start. I want to collaborate with other&nbsp;&nbsp; teams on this project plan. And for some dynamic&nbsp; collaboration, I think Microsoft Loop would work&nbsp;&nbsp; really well. Over here, I'll select this entire&nbsp; table and then copy it by pressing Control C.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I'll head over to Microsoft Loop. I'm now in&nbsp; Microsoft Loop, and if you've never heard of Loop&nbsp;&nbsp; before, check out the video up above in the top&nbsp; right-hand corner, and I've also included a link&nbsp;&nbsp; down below in the description. And then I'll&nbsp; give you an overview of why and also when you&nbsp;&nbsp; might want to use Loop. On this page, here I'll&nbsp; paste in the table that I copied from Word. And&nbsp;&nbsp; here I see that project plan to bake the world's&nbsp; largest chocolate chip cookie. Within Loop, I can&nbsp;&nbsp; continue interfacing with the Copilot. In the top&nbsp; right-hand corner, I'll click on the Copilot icon.&nbsp;&nbsp; This opens up the Copilot pane. And down below,&nbsp; I'll type in a question. How many tasks does the&nbsp;&nbsp; baking team have? I want to make sure that we&nbsp; don't overload them with too many tasks. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; send that. Up above, I can see all of the tasks&nbsp; that are currently assigned to the baking team,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it looks like they have five different steps&nbsp; that they'll need to complete. There's quite a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; on their plate. I now want to share this project&nbsp; plan with the broader team so we can all keep&nbsp;&nbsp; it up to date. And this is where the magic of&nbsp; Loop comes in. Every time this table's updated,&nbsp;&nbsp; it'll stay up to date for everyone, irrespective&nbsp; of where it's shared. To do that, up in the top&nbsp;&nbsp; left-hand corner, let's click on these dots and&nbsp; then create a Loop component. It's now turned&nbsp;&nbsp; this into a Loop component, and if I scroll&nbsp; up just a little bit, here I have the option&nbsp;&nbsp; to copy this component. Let's click on copy. And&nbsp; here, I can see that it's now been copied. Let me&nbsp;&nbsp; now go to my email. I'm now in Microsoft Outlook,&nbsp; and here, I'll paste in that Loop component. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll press Ctrl-V and that pastes it in. And when&nbsp; I say component, I'm really just pasting in that&nbsp;&nbsp; table from the Loop page. Here, I see my table.&nbsp; Now you might be wondering, okay, so you paste&nbsp;&nbsp; it in the table. What's magical about that? Let's&nbsp; go back into Microsoft Loop, and here, I see that&nbsp;&nbsp; same table. But for this first step, it says that&nbsp; the research team is on point. At the Kevin Cookie&nbsp;&nbsp; Company, we're not that big of a company. We don't&nbsp; have a research team. It's me. So, I'll type in&nbsp;&nbsp; my name. Now I updated this in the original&nbsp; Loop page. Let's now go back to the email,&nbsp;&nbsp; and when we look at the table in the email, you'll&nbsp; notice that it's also updated it to reflect that I&nbsp;&nbsp; am now the owner. Even if I send out the email, if&nbsp; anyone comes in and makes updates to this table,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone will automatically see that update. So,&nbsp; we don't have to send emails back and forth every&nbsp;&nbsp; time someone comes in and makes an update to this&nbsp; table. That way, we'll never have an outdated task&nbsp;&nbsp; list again. This is truly magical. With Microsoft&nbsp; Copilot, managing tasks has never been easier&nbsp;&nbsp; across all the apps we use every day. For us here&nbsp; at the Kevin Cookie Company, we've been loving&nbsp;&nbsp; Copilot. Almost as much as we love our chocolate&nbsp; chip cookies. To get inspiration for prompts,&nbsp;&nbsp; be sure to check out the Copilot lab made by&nbsp; Microsoft. You can click on the card right up&nbsp;&nbsp; above. You'll find guides to writing powerful&nbsp; prompts, as well as several prompt examples.&nbsp;&nbsp; And for those of you looking to really master&nbsp; Copilot, be sure to visit the Microsoft 365&nbsp;&nbsp; Copilot training. You can click on the card right&nbsp; up above. These are training courses catered&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically to different roles and functions&nbsp; like HR, finance, executives, operations, sales,&nbsp;&nbsp; IT, and marketing. There, you can find webinars&nbsp; and other training events that will help make the&nbsp;&nbsp; most out of Copilot in your everyday work. Best&nbsp; of all, they're completely free and they go on&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time. So, you'll likely find one that&nbsp; suits your level, need, and also schedule. To&nbsp;&nbsp; watch more videos like this one, please consider&nbsp; subscribing and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Melissalove44 [24 likes]: A great video as always but lately I have problems with my Windows and I don't know what to do
  2. @Bmcavoy84 [5 likes]: Reporting back: BUMMER ! I legit have copilot inside of my outlook email just like this video shows but it ‘does not have access to my email’ apparently so it can’t help me like this video shows. 😭😭😭 darn it
  3. @piggybankaccountant [5 likes]: I love how deep you go with every tips. I teach Copilot essentials tasks, but none of them are part of what I teach! Good job, and I love the part about the action items in microsoft teams.
  4. @KevinStratvert [3 likes]: Free Copilot Resources:
:yt: Watch my entire Microsoft Copilot series: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlKpQrBME6xJ4Begw9PA0YbaUe3Nae445
- Copilot Lab by Microsoft: https://aka.ms/KS5_Lab
- Copilot for Microsoft 365 Training: https://aka.ms/KS5_Training
  5. @eikewehner8747 [3 likes]: Kind of useless without proper planner integration. What is a table of my ToDos good for if I cant sync it with planner
  6. @Hyperpop-h3x [2 likes]: always a pro. the speed of speech, the light, the atmosphere of your videos are all so PERFECT. Thank you and all the best. keep em coming. I am using those videos at school :)
  7. @Cybersecurityroad [2 likes]: I’ve never witnessed such awesome editing as this one.
  8. @simondegraaf2349 [1 likes]: Three emails! How does it handle reciving over 100 emails a day across 10 different projects
  9. @carberypjh [1 likes]: This is great Kevin but the issue I have is I want the tasks from chats, emails and meetings to go into Microsoft To Do, so they are in one list.  When will Copilot be able to move the task into my To Do list?
  10. @weston.weston [1 likes]: This is very helpful, Kevin. Thank you!
  11. @darylparadis9166: I was super excited about creating tasks from my emails. so much so that created 40+ tasks. after creating all of them i discovered none were saved in my to do list or task list. after "arguing" with Copilot it replies
Why Copilot didn’t tell you it failed
This is another frustrating part:
❌ Copilot does NOT warn you when:

It couldn’t create the task
The feature wasn’t supported
The task wasn’t saved
The chat session lost the list

So from your perspective, it looked like Copilot ignored a direct instruction.
And honestly?
You’re right — it did.
  12. @Under_Par_68: As of now we don’t have access to copilot across the entire suite of Microsoft. We just have Microsoft chat and it’s essentially worthless
  13. @jeyarajshankar: It needs permissions.  Your IT Admin needs to allow Copilot to read your emails. If your IT security policy doesn't allow it, it is not going to be able to perform the tasks it was meant to.
  14. @Bmcavoy84: What my mind is blown! We just got copilot. I hope this is all real.
I’m now excited to log back in tomorrow am. Thank you!!
  15. @CP-xu2pj: You need a Copilot Pro or MS 365 Copilot license to use Copilot in Outlook. Windows Copilot is not the same and can't be integrated with Outlook.
  16. @BillJustice: I often get multiple emails that are related.  If you flag one or make it a task, how can you add a second email to that todo or task?  Add file doesn't seemt to work well :(
  17. @sannikujala6742: Thanks Kevin for sharing again this amazing video. Is there a way to benefit Loop and Copilot also in repeating tasks, such as month end closing, and having some visual dashboards showing how each team member progresses, and percentage etc. Altogether can it be embedded in the team sharepoint site? Thanks a lot for the advices!
  18. @Roeenjann: Hi, how to link Copilot with Outlook using Windows 10 and Microsoft 365?
  19. @आयुष्यरंग: Hi Kevin bpo job completely automated in future with AI?
  20. @charzong: Why copilot costs an extra charge?

- Game-Changing Technologies: How Legal Co-pilots will Transform Business | CogX Summit 2024: Kind: captions Language: en well thank you very much I know it's a long day but your reward is these two um who have a lot to say about how we're really using technology in business and how we're going to be using technology in business so without further Ado I'm going to ask you two to both introduce yourselves and if you have your would answer what was your when you first fired up your first llm what was your first prompt just tell me what you're think and if you Jagger would tell us what is how are you using generative AI today in your own personal life so fair warning perfect floor is yours uh we'll start with a presentation introduction your introduction and then tell us about your prompt perfect so uh hello my name is Javier I work for DHL the logistics company uh leading the implementation of digitalization project within the finance area um in practice this means that I act as a translator between what my finance colleagues uh dream of having and what my it colleagues can do right and and I can tell you that they talk very different languages so yeah and in terms of your question uh Karen um my first prompt well you may have noticed that uh English is not my first language so very likely was something in the lines of uh please review this text for me or or please put this sentence in perfect English very good hi I'm J glener I'm chief of staff at luminance so a little bit about me before I joined this technology company I was an insurance litigator back in New Zealand so firsthand reading reviewing filing printing thousands and thousands of documents every day I kind of got to the point where I thought there must be a better way surely the legal profession has to catch up to the other industry out there which are using technology so with that I moved to London found this budding technology AI startup from Cambridge called luminance and I knew that was for me so I really wanted to be part of this transformative change that I could see coming over the next few years even if it wasn't there yet so to answer your question about uses of llm and generous AI that I've used personally in your life how how is it showing okay so um I assume a lot of you live in the UK if any of you have bought or sold a house I recently sold my apartment bought a house there are all of these forms you have to fill out and I'm talking your lawyer passing you lots of forms to fill out I had to do that I found I had to actually review my leaseholder contract as part of that process you know I am a lawyer but what about all of the people who aren't but I couldn't even control F that contract so I sort of thought to myself okay I'll do a bit of Googling I I'll see what I can do and then I realized okay who do I work for I work for luminance we have a chat bot that I can just load this into and ask a question I can't believe I forgot that I was on maternity leave so we'll blame it on that um so I did just that I uploaded my contract and I asked a question which was something like is the property a qualifying lease something I did not know the answer to and I got an answer in seconds so for me that was gold and that is something that probably every person can do um you know and something similar in their day-to-day lives fantastic um so along those lines and I'm a recovering lawyer and one of the reasons I have to recover is all those thousands of pages of documents that I never want to have to handle again um tell us about the technology like let's get can could you just give us an overview of what you're doing and the problem you're solving and then we'll we'll we'll Advance into the use cases from there how's that sounds good yeah so to start with the background luminance is an homegrown Cambridge born AI company which started doing AI actually before it was cool so we were founded back in 2015 launched a year later and it was uh something dreamed up by a mathematician and a computer science expert in a Cambridge dorm room one day where they had been talking about some of the frustrations that their friends had been through going through m&a transactions other types of document heavy legal reviews and they thought I think we can do something here and I think actually this problem's not yet arrived it's just going to get bigger over the next decade so they started with the harshest critics when they started building this technology they went to the law firms they said right let's go there let's see if we can get these experts to help us build a technology which is legally verified which is trusted and if it passes their test then we've probably got something exciting and so they spent the eight years after that time building up a large language model which was purely trained on legal content and that is something that is completely rare in this environment of generalist llms and so over that time they exposed the llm to over 150 million contracts and some of the biggest law firms and businesses in the world including the likes of Slaughter and may who use us and also invest in us through to companies now like DHL because we've gotten it into the hands of businesses and even the likes of some of the biggest chip makers in the world like AMD who looked at our technology and said this is the best thing that there is on the market so that's luminance but talking a little bit about the use cases and the problems that we're solving this is AI which can read and understand language and that is the simplest way to put it the way you then apply that to different problems and challenges is vast there are hundreds of use cases for luminance so I'm talking everything from your really low volume lowrisk contract reviews like ndas which are massive roadblocks for companies no matter how low risk they are all the way through to the really complex reviews whether that's contract review whether that's a Regulatory Compliance review whether it's an m&a transaction an ecovery a compliance dessar regulation review or even a marketing team reviewing an influencer contract so the opportunities are endless because of its innate ability to read and understand and compare language and understand it conceptually so that means it can be used in any language any jurisdiction and in any subject matter and it will learn quite a broad explanation but I contracts right specifically contracts cont and documents and other do so it doesn't even need to be a contract which is exciting how are you using it I mean so yeah let me let me give the the side of a customer okay so uh we got to luminance because we were uh looking for a solution able to uh read and understand our commercial contracts okay so high level that was the the intention right in in objectives the the the three key objectives that we wanted to cover were first we wanted a solution able to struct data points automatically from our our contracts I will tell you a bit more in a moment about um what was the use of these uh data points second we wanted to be able to compare the terms and conditions of every new contract against our prefer terms and conditions and third we wanted the solution able to run complex searches across our entire uh cont repository okay so this first point first point that I mentioned a moment ago um excting data points uh from our contracts what's the use of that right so I'm talking about excting obligations deadlines um uh for example uh performance requirements right the objective all all of this is to automate the obligation management processes right so uh this is about ensuring or reducing first the risk of the risk of oversight uh but also about ensuring that the right uh individual in our company takes the right action at the right moment that's the value of automating this right uh so for example when I mention about obligation management or what we call obligations right I'm talking about for example um I don't know U invoice all the costs that the contract uh says that we are entitled to invoice or for example increase our rates the date the contract says that we can increase our rates right not earlier not later that a specific date or for example apply correctly a pricing mechanism that could be included in our contracts um well as you can imagine this has a very important uh impact or can generate an important impact for our pnl for us as a company company but also for our customers right because we want to do uh things right so that's an important use case that U that uh uh we can apply to this so I want to dive a little bit deeper on that right so so you've got a technology you like we'll come back to that in a minute you've got a use case that makes sense to do something that up to now you've been doing manually or in some other way how do you measure the value or the sort of the success right how do you know that the tool is what helping you do this better and then what are the what are the dimensions of success for something like this well I guess that you can you can um measure it um through several Dimensions right I mean uh first of course uh if what I'm saying about um how we improve um the obligations manage management through good data right as you were already saying I mean up to now uh we were excting all those data points from our contracts manually uh uh well the problem of doing manually first is that you have to have the right people doing that not everyone can read a contract and can exract all that information correctly from a from a contract is about um doing it correctly extracting the the right information because that determines how you will deal with your um uh um obligations of course um adoption is another another driver right I mean we plan to deploy this solution at the global level for for the whole DHL supply chain division um and the third and probably not that important as the other two is is Administrative efficiencies right because it is true that U maintaining all these um obligation management processes was done before manually completing our contract repositories with all these data points took time and now we have the help of of AI to to reduce the the burden which is really interesting because a lot of the use case as we see are sort of driven by efficiencies or that's the hypothesized sort of uplift and you're saying it's actually just actually a better process no definitely I mean the the the primary objectives is to improve the process to get more quality of the data and with more better data do things right um yes we expect to do to to obtain some efficiencies right but this is not about U saying we will need less people no we will have more more time for our people to do all things that add more value which is really interesting um could you share with us sort of other experiences Jer that you're having with your clients in terms of how they're looking at success and how they're sort of validating their their deployment of your tool and you know solution yeah I think you're right in that I think initially the goal was efficiency and we all know that AI is here to help us with low-level tasks that are repetitive and and could be automated so so that is a great place to start but I think as people started to use it they started to see right well okay now we know we have more accurate data we are doing a better job because we have access to precedent we can see back what our company agreed to in the negotiation of a similar contract 15 years ago because this technology has actually captured that and learned from it and surfaced that to us when we needed it most so better quality um better access to institutionalized information that otherwise wouldn't be available the ability to then make better decisions and the ability to capture data across different areas of the business to overall present a bigger picture and a better clearer picture to Executives so it does it does go well well beyond I think this is going to be one of your points I'm guessing it goes well beyond just the efficiency side yeah good no I mean I think you touch an excellent point jger I think the first thing that one can think when when we talk about an AI legal solution is that um uh it will be beneficial for legal teams right uh but uh but our use case I mean proves that uh this can be super beneficial and important for the for the entire business right first with this thing that I was saying about the obligation management but there are more benefits so for example um our top management now can use the the uh solution to to run complex searches across our entire um contract repository let me give you an example when the pandemic came uh we asked ourselves hey how many of our contracts includes a pandemic Clause we didn't know because pandemic Clauses were not one of the data points that we were capturing manually right so what did what did we have to do I mean all our lawyers all across the wall had to read all our cont all our cont again to look for pandemic claes with uh AI we could have had the the solution in seconds right but about I mean there are more uh cases for for let's say non legal teams for example uh for our operations right typically one thing that the legal team uh do for our operational staff is to prepare contract summaries right with the key things that are important for them to know to manage their operations right now with AI we can let's say automate initially or or yeah or partially automate the preparation of these summaries but we can go one step further because for example a site manager can interrogate um uh the contract chbd style to know how the I know how the penalties work for for his contract right which is very relevant for for running his operation or for example let's imagine that we have a BD guy a business development guy that is a negotiation neg negotiating a new contract with a with a customer right and the customer wants to include a new a new Clause he can know real time if that Clause is included in any of the Contra that we have with the very same customer in any other country regardless of language which for us is massive right so I mean there are plenty of cases for non-legal teams which is really interesting so sort of it it a lot of legal Tech never escapes the legal department so that's a really sort of specific use case um Jer and then I'm going to ask both of you this question what makes for a good customer what do they need to have sort of what kind of data do they need to have what kind of training do they need to do because you know what's what is a what does it take to to use the tool well I think you need an objective first and foremost so you need to know what problem you are solving have a problem to solve I think every business does so let's start there but then you need to communicate that plan get buyin from the senior team as well as the end users and communicate how it's all going to unfold and what they should expect from that product how it's going to solve the real life problems that they have day in and day out that is a very very high level plan but it tends to work and I'm often surprised at how few businesses have thought that through so I think that's a great starting point um but you also want to have a team who are behind this who are Champion championing it I hate saying that word because I can never get it out properly um and who are reporting back to the business and to users you know the results of the technology because we all know you know we've all been made to use new things as part of our day-to-day jobs and if you're not invested in making that change if you don't know why you're making that change there's very little um likelihood that you're going to use it and use it well so expectation management and setting clear objectives data the whole point of this AI is that it's going to organize it for you so you don't really have to go out there and make it perfect just dump it in the platform if it's a real AI product it will do the heavy lifting for you yeah I can only Echo what you said uh Jagger I mean I think um having a solid use case is a prerequisite and probably the most important prerequisite right I think I read a report um a recent report saying that 80% of our of the AI projects fail right and and and they highlight the lack of a solid use case as as one of the key drivers right so first you need to have a use Cas a solid use case again this is not about looking for the new shiny them so for AI for the sake of implementing the AI right you need to have the the solid use case and then you have to ass assess the Readiness of your company so is your company ready for that use case do you have enough good data to fit the the base let's say uh in this regard um data driven companies have an advantage obviously because they have the data architecture they have um uh the the governance process uh to support the the the solution in the long run so I I would say that those are the critical um prerequisites yeah so so turning from sort of the capabilities and prerequisites and and I think that you're both of you focusing on use cases is so interesting because it gets that that is so overlooked and and where I come from in Silicon Valley there's lots of Technology looking for problems instead of the other way around um so so it's really important to flip that script But but so but turning now to sort of risks right it's all not all Sunshine um what how what are the cautions around these products and and some of that's in terms of like what they're going to get better at but what what are just what are the foundational cautions sitting here today in 2024 well the first risk I would say is um not doing something because you're scared of the risk um I think we're past that now there are Technology Solutions out there which have tried and tested and proven and they're trusted so if you need to find out who that is you know talk to your peers look at the industry um and do your research well the next biggest risk I think in implementing once you've decided to do so is in not educating the users the end users on what the objective is and what to expect because in my time working with not just lawyers but other parts of businesses I've seen everything from the person who eight years ago didn't want to buy anything that was AI unless it was 100% accurate and we know that that just doesn't exist all the way through to the other side of the Spectrum which was the partner who wanted it to do his entire m&a due diligence and wanted to fire his whole team neither of those were reality and I think we've over time gotten to a middle ground where people are starting to realize what the benefits are it's about automating the low-level work but augmenting the human where it comes to more complex reviews and ultimately the results will speak for themselves because you will start to see those reverberate across all parts of the business so yeah I think the biggest the biggest risk is not setting those expectations properly but there's never going to be a risk in in just trying it out and using it and seeing for yourself but it's true that from a customer perspective I mean it's um I mean there are a few risks that is true that are out there right I mean uh typical concerns security data protection intellectual rights protection as well right so those are things that are critical for for big companies right for big and small companies right and uh and uh the risk are out there right and and you need to have a domain experts that help you uh together with trans worthy Partners right uh but yeah I would say that those are the the key risks associated in general to any AI solution but when we are talking about super sensitive information commercial contracts well that's certainly a risk well and and that actually is I I wanted to sort of explore a little bit because because when you move from proofs of concept to actual scaling of deployment right you're you're plugging it into a real life you know um system right that has its has its own vulnerabilities and other things and sort of how do you how do you get over that hump to know that you're ready to to move from the lab to the real world you need domain experts for sure right I mean uh certainly I mean uh implementing an AI solution is not only uh using using it in in an isolated way the first thing that you have to to do is to put it uh or integrate it with your data ecosystems and and you need to have domain experts and probably we didn't mention it before um as a prerequisite but that's the other prerequisite right I mean you need to be aware that you will need to do that and and definitely you need to have resources available to to help you during the the journey ex and and Jacob for your perspective how do you then you know the the vendor ecosystem is uh how should we say crowded and hypy and uh frothy the word um how do you differentiate like what what what should customers be you know asking and demanding that differentiates your great technology from like something sort of shiny that is a very very important question I think one that a lot of people are asking today so you're right there's a lot of AI washing going on at the moment um everyone's slapping slapping the AI sticker on their marketing materials it's really really hard to cut through the noise so one of the most important things would be to trial the technology before you buy it right and any AI company that's worth it whatever will allow you to do that they will not expect you to just trust from a demo so don't just get a demo get your hands on it if your vendor cannot get your hands on that within 48 hours they're probably configuring something in the background and maybe it's not real AI so push them on these things ask them how quickly they can get it ready even if you're not quite ready so it's about outof the Box capabilities it's about the um trusted ability of the software so talk to your peers but also see it for yourself it's the specialty of the AI so if you are looking to use it in a particularly legal context or something else that's very technical then make sure it's legally trained or otherwise trained make sure you can find out from the experts that that information is true and again try it for yourself well and that was a question I was going to say is how do you get past the salespeople like well I can tell you that I've learned so much over the last two years about this so uh there are so many new companies uh saying that they have the Holy gr of of AI right some of them having super immature products then you have a lot of wellestablished uh software vendors that um some of them try to put AI patches on top of their traditional software it was super difficult uh to to find the right um the right solution I think it was President Ronald rean uh who made famous the sentence trust by verify right in AI world when it comes to AI forget about that don't trust just verify right so it's it's what you said right I mean you need to really uh try you need to have I mean good proof of concept you need to test the out ofth box capabilities of of the solution otherwise you will be in trouble and and you have to test it on your data like that's yeah that's what we did that ideally you will do that but even even if it's well we did it with anonymized data as you can imagine because of all the concerns that we have about security Etc and and and you need to really play with the solution don't trust um um otherwise I mean I remember probably one of the best if not the best presentations that I receive uh while looking for this um um um legal solution it was Terri terrific fantastic I mean right after the the demo we all were talking W man this is the product we have to implement this we are going to get an award from by the company for this I mean it was amazing okay next week we do a demo we they didn't know they only had a prototype it was it was embarrassing it was embarrassing so definitely you need to run a POC you need to test what you before buying for sure you weren't signing up for code development okay the thing I forgot to say was don't just test once test put it through its Paces make sure it can learn from you because Ai and machine learning should learn from you if there is a risk that you do a very short PC and it's a very um yeah well put together one exactly so test that out too um one other things uh Jagger because I mean your out of the box um capabilities any out of the box capabilities could be good to start with right but then you have to teach the the solution you have to train the solution with your data in order to to get the best results see where it's really going to go okay well with that I'm going to thank you guys for um verify verify verify I think that's what I'm taking away um so thank you both very much for the real the real deal appreciate thank you thank you

- Could new technology ALIAS replace co-pilots?: Kind: captions Language: en the Air Force's 520 Pilots short of requirements this year due to budget cuts and a hiring spree by Airlines but first on CBS This Morning we're getting a look at new technology that could one day help solve that shortfall and maybe save lives Chris Van Cleave is at the National Air and Space Museum's udvar hazy Center in Virginia Chris good morning well good morning this museum is full of aviations Innovations over the years this plane this is the prototype for the military's most advanced Fighter the F-35 and as smart as this plane is with the technology we're about to show you even it could be getting a little smarter up in the air pilot Mark Ward is used to being at the controls but today an experimental technology dub Alias is doing the flying in terms of the actual operation of The Craft it's it's a completely different world click on the helicopter and change his altitude to 75 ft Alias is an advanced form of autopilot that can adapt and respond to changing situations essentially it's a digital co-pilot mean is Alias going to put Pilots out of work no it's it's it's going to transform Pilots climbing up to 125 R El eigor trinsky is the chief autonomy engineer at helicopter maker Sikorski the company that builds the Blackhawk helicopter today's Pilots spend a lot of their time making sure that the aircraft is stable it's it's going in the right direction it's going the right speed it's obeying the the laws of the air if you will so Alias as a co-pilot can take care of all that and fre the human being to to supervise and make sure that the bigger mission is running its course you're flying a machine that weighs 12,000 lb with just my finger that's your finger that's different from a drone because drones essentially move the pilot to the ground this technology keeps people in the air C trinsky Compares it to driverless cars so you can see a day where there's maybe not anyone physically sitting in the cockpit during flight correct yes and the Machine machine flies itself correct the first step is to to let the pilots get used to the technology reduce the crew and show that we can do safely with one pilot and and get the pilot Community you know used to that fact and then uh we'll go from there the technology is promising enough the defense Advanced research projects agency or DARPA is investing $ 57.5 million into making this digital co-pilot a reality for Military and Commercial aircraft within the next decade and I'll for go and down the hel after go yes it's that simple during this demonstration we were able to fly the chopper from this tablet on the ground controlling the altitude and flight plan because Alias is being developed with the military we are not allowed to show you everything on the handheld but it only required a finger to move the aircraft designers believe safeguards can be built into a digital co-pilot to stop a repeat of the German Wings crash where a lone pilot intentionally flew an airliner into the ground darpa's Dan Pat saying this technology could actually prevent that situation from happening Alias can permit uh under the right circumstances handing off the aircraft to an offboard controller to let somebody else another human help take control of that aircraft in the event of an emergency they are still in the very early phases of testing Alias but their plan is to slowly roll out the automation over time similar to how cars got anti-ock brakes and then collision avoidance systems and now some cars are even driving them elves Gail it's a new world we're living in thank you Chris Van caves

  Top Comments:
  1. @peebraib9761: Because giving computers peoples jobs will solve our problems. Wait a min. Doesnt our country need more jobs. Fuck it give the job to a computer and tax the lower class. Not like they can fly anything anyway.

- Bringing aviation closer to pilots, aspirants through tech | The Final Word: Kind: captions Language: en and while many planes remain grounded and many Pilots out of work due to the covid-19 pandemic One Pilot wants to keep flying high let's speak now to Sputnik Aviation founder Captain David the connexvarter David thank you so much for joining us well we all know it's been a tough 2020 and 2021 for the aviation industry how are you coping um during these difficult times has been very difficult for many Pilots including myself and I simply tried my best to keep myself proficient in any way I could and with the availability of Home flight simulators such as X-Plane 11 the one that I use I was able to uh find a way to keep myself somewhat proficient and current and uh passive towards a lot of the aspiring pilots who follow us on Facebook nowadays and and many of your fellow Pilots have either been laid off or or an unpaid leave of absence uh also trying to remain proficient practice their manual flying skills on this home simulator that is correct uh Rico uh it's a very uh very technological development in training nowadays where it's become available to pretty much anybody who can afford to pay for the home simulator and I've been encouraging a lot of my friends as well as to my colleagues in the airlines who have been laid off to keep themselves as sharp as possible in preparation for the aviation rebound which hopefully will will be here soon enough that's true we're everyone's expecting uh maybe a turnaround in the tourism and aviation industry definitely not this year but at the earliest by uh 20 uh 22. but uh tell me can home flight simulators really keep uh professional Pilots like yourself compliant and proficient well Rico you know um practice kind of makes perfect sometimes but what I believe in is uh you know making good habits big stick and if you have enough time on your hands a lot of free time I I would suggest that if you know if you're a pilot put some effort into doing some of the regular procedures that you can do on the simulator it will really supplement your actual training that is required of you on the actual simulator it really helps you with your muscle memory remembering the procedures etc etc so as much as possible I like to advocate for this uh this type of an exercise you know over the last few years uh David there have been several air accidents you know what we're using right now is uh technology again it help lessen these fatal accidents or are pilots just becoming too dependent on technology to fly the aircraft for them well in recent crashes Rico there have been a lot of Investigations leading towards uh you know the root cause being Pilots not being really prepared for malfunctions in the automation so as we like to promote in the airlines once in a while especially when we're doing our actual bi-annual simulator training we do try to give the pilots uh manual control of the aircraft to get the handling the handling skills back because in a real world environment will be as much as possible we try to keep on the autopilot to sue to uh you know lessen the workload it's a very demanding job especially in a high traffic environment like pre-pandemic Manila was one of the most uh you know congested airports in the world as most of us know and uh using the autopilot to to help us Pilots manage our workload is extremely important but of course we do have to remember that there are going to be times that we need to handle the aircraft manually and the use of Home flight simulators really helps us supplement and enhance our manual flying skills but if the professional pilot wants to go beyond the home flight simulators can they access even though they're in furlough or they don't have any jobs the actual fight flight simulator itself yes Rico actually uh during the pandemic I took a course at a school called Alpha Aviation Group which is one of the top-notch schools here in the Philippines who have the equipment such as the level B uh flight simulators used by airline pilots for training and the recurrencies so I've been handling a few uh sessions with some of my former colleagues who have been for load and they're coming back into the industry now to get their licenses current getting themselves proficient again and I'm happy to see that a lot of them are now you know they're coming back getting themselves ready because sooner or later hopefully sooner uh things are going to pick up and as responsible Pilots we need to be ready for the aviation rebound because you know the passengers are entrusting their lives in our hands and I do firmly believe as well as pretty much every single pilot that I know that the safety is number one all the best to you Captain David connects varder the founder of Sputnik Aviation

  Top Comments:
  1. @fromthepeanutgallery1084 [1 likes]: Todays pilots are elevator operators they are there to greet the customers and nothing more. A plane can be flown 100% on computers and for the most part are. The pilots are just there to give the impression that "someone" is flying the machine. When in fact it's all done by computer. Pilots aren't  even needed.
  2. @StellaKay21: Woof! woof! 
#SputnikAviation
  3. @metaljorzy8368: SNK at its finest
  4. @Zamboanga_pspotter: Sputnik numbawan!
  5. @soniavertido3823: Thanks for sending me this video, Eva. Feeling proud and hopeful for David’s success in this noble endeavor. 👍🏼🙏🏼💕
  6. @samsoliven: 💯
  7. @iJMultiplication: Captain David!!! So proud of you!!!!
  8. @flightcyx9er: Sputnik Aviation 🛫🛬. No.1 😍

- Archer Aviation CEO on new partnership in Japan, LA28 Olympics and the FAA: Kind: captions Language: en Joining me here at the UpSummit is Adam Goldstein, the CEO and co-founder of Archer Aviation. It's great to speak with you. >> Thank you. Great to be here. >> And you have some stuff on demonstration here. >> Yes. We have an aircraft uh inside the main hanger, and it's always fun to show it off to the world. >> Yeah. And you've had some news recently, including uh a new deal with Japan for air taxis just earlier this week. Let's talk about it. >> Yeah. So the aircrafts have gotten to a point where they've become quite mature and now I think the world is recognizing this and so a lot of the regulations in place and now you're starting to see different countries get involved and most recently um at Osaka we announced a you know a deal with uh you know the city and our partnership which is called Soral which is a joint venture with Japan Airlines and Sumitomo. H um I guess how does it speak to the roll out as we see it globally and and the countries that are leaning in and adopting the technology the fastest? >> Well, the FAA created the category and I think much of the world is watching what happens uh in America and how the FA really treats this, but at the same time a lot of the other countries want to be involved and they want to be, you know, leaning forward in bringing uh advanced air mobility uh to market. And so on one hand, you're kind of watching and seeing what the FA is doing. On the other hand, they also want to put the infrastructure in place and really start to get the cities ready to go. So, uh, President Trump announced the, um, executive order which really helped fasttrack a lot of the process in the US and I think that's going to lead to more and more of these countries getting involved. >> How meaningful was that executive order at Archer? >> Oh, it was a really big deal and it was especially a big deal because we need um, a way to really centralize like timelines and dates and so what they did was really create a pathway for us to get going in the US. So there's a timeline and the goal is for next summer we'll start flying the aircrafts in the US in these different cities kind of pointto-point routes very high margins of safety and really start to show uh you know the country gain community acceptance on what these aircrafts can do >> and you're already test flying uh your EV talls. >> Yes. So we fly the aircrafts nearly every day um in California. We started flying in Abu Dhabi and I think you'll see more of that uh you know as the year progresses. >> Yeah. Uh I think even maybe scoring a new record just recently with your midnight aircraft. >> Yeah. So we've been flying the aircrafts further and further and then higher and higher. So actually um we recently uh just hit 10,000 ft uh which is actually really high for these aircrafts. They're nonp pressurized and so we like to show what these aircrafts can do, what they're capable of, but on an everyday use they'll really be flying closer to 500 feet to 1500 feet off the ground where helicopters fly. But the aircrafts are quite capable >> and there are there will be pilots in the aircraft when when does the time come and maybe I'm jumping you know way ahead of the rest of this conversation here that we actually start seeing this autonomously >> um well the autonomy actually works today and so we fly the aircrafts autonomously all the time it's more of the world being ready for that consumers accepting that the regulation being in place and the infrastructure being in place. So for example, if you're flying an autonomous aircraft today and air traffic control wants to reroute you, who are they talking to? How does that work? How does what are the rules behind that? If you have to land in some type of emergency sense, how does that work with the groundbased infrastructure? So So there's a lot of real world issues that we have to go solve, but the pure technology side is actually uh fairly evolved. >> Um you're the partner for the Olympics. >> Yes. >> So we're going to be seeing these fly for the Olympics. >> Oh yeah, that's the goal. So the Olympics was really a concept uh the LA28 Olympics was a concept that the FAA actually put out back in 2022. So they said they called it innovate 28. They said we want to see these aircrafts used in masses at one one city um at on kind of a big stage. And so they picked the LA28 games. Um and it also acted for the industry as a way to say by this date we need everything in place. We need not just the rules done but we need the infrastructure partners to you know to build uh the necessary charging equipment and takeoff and landing zones. We needed all the different supply chain partners uh to finish up all their work too and all of us coming together for one date to show these aircrafts at scale and I think uh from the arch perspective it should be an amazing show. >> Will you be actually like does that mean you're rolling out service and you you'll be uh I guess and I guess just as importantly what does that mean in terms of a business model? >> Yeah. Well, the goal is to move VIPs, athletes, and fans in and around the games. So, there's a whole network that's being designed around the Olympic venues, uh, around the airports to move people around, and I think it'll be a a way to showcase to the world, uh, you know, what these aircrafts can do with, you know, a lot of the global dignitaries, you know, uh, in one place. So, that'll be really exciting. But Archer does sell aircraft. That is our core business model. And so you know we will uh you know kind of use that also as a way to you know kind of showcase and advertise these aircrafts to all the potential future customers. >> Oh interesting. So you basically man manufacture you develop you manufacture and then you sell these aircraft to others that will roll out the services in different cities and whatnot. >> Yes. So I do think over the long term air taxi is an incredible opportunity and will come become very big but I think we have to be realistic on the timelines of how that will roll out. And so I think about it as you have to earn the right uh to to build a big air taxi network. And so we'll sell aircrafts as a way to generate revenue and cash flow and slowly build up the air taxi sort of the Archer network air taxi um over time. So it's likely something of a you know decade multi-deade long journey before there's real liquidity you know across the networks. This is an event like this is interesting because you get to see some of the different aircraft that are either under development or even potentially um competing in this emerging marketplace. How do you think about the competitive landscape? >> Um the good news is um you know the industry has largely consolidated to a few kind of core players and so it used to be a thousand and now there's kind of more like a handful and that allows a lot of the focus of the regulators to work on just a few. It allows the infrastructure partners to build standards, charging standards and uh you know just the different uh uh work that has to get done just around a few which allows it all to progress. And so I think the uh the industry has it's been competitive at times but it also is trying to come together um to as one to really build uh you know a more friendly environment to actually like launch these aircrafts. In example, Archer buys uh the charging equipment from Beta. Um so Beta is uh you know could be viewed as a competitor. I more view them as a friend. Um and so they're uh you know one of the partners that we're working with to help stand up the whole industry together. >> So how do you see this ecosystem evolving then? >> Um I think there will be a time to compete um and there will be a you know a time for uh for that but I think now um I think it is important that the industry does try to come together um and you know get these aircrafts ac across the finish line and build out this new ecosystem and um I think that's starting to happen. Um, but it's of course uh it's always competitive world out there, a competitive environment, but we're all trying >> commercial versus defense and other government applications. How are you thinking about that? >> So, a lot of what we talk about is the civil application because that's kind of the sexy thing where you can see these aircrafts and people can envision themselves flying around. It's like, h, who wants to drive 90 minutes to the airport? Manhattan to JFK, that's kind of brutal. What if I could fly there in five minutes? And you can see yourself doing that. Um but the defense applications I do think will actually be quite large and I think over the next decade you're going to see very significant uh defense uh applications for these types of aircrafts and the reason is we can build much lower cost aircrafts that are very capable of doing similar things that the existing rocraft fleet can do and new things that the rotocraft fleet can't do. um they have a low thermal signature, they have a low acoustic signature. And so when you really start to look at the benefits of what these aircrafts can do and then you pair that against the conflicts today like Ukraine where you're seeing drones they call autonomous and attitudable um vehicles kind of starting to really dominate those conflicts. It's very easy to understand how EV talls can become or hybrid versions of EV talls can become very important for the future conflicts >> and you're garnering some of those contracts on the government side. So today we have a partnership with Andreal, so a defense tech company based in Southern California. And so we've announced we're building a um a hybrid uh aircraft um that will be autonomous. And um you know, the partnership with Andrew really evolves around uh you know, trying to create this new category for defense and uh building that up >> Great. Well, Adam, I appreciate it. Adam Goldstein of Archer Aviation. It's great to speak with you. >> Appreciate it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mirandoteee [18 likes]: Air mobility is changing fast and Airvix is my go-to for keeping flight plans aligned. Super helpful with all these developments.
  2. @sokoinetvonline [11 likes]: The Olympics talk reminds me of how Airvix has been essential for planning flights to high-traffic events. Keeps everything organized.
  3. @AFROBEATREACTION [1 likes]: good to see the faa getting involved in this
  4. @rossnolan7283: Is he growing a man bun?  Strange hair - not the most strange thing in all this apart from the slick New York spiel and  buzzwords .  They have not been 'flying every day' but have stalled over cyclic vibration problems ...
Conman.
  5. @Sunny.14-e6i: Air mobility is changing fast and Airvix is my go-to for keeping flight plans aligned. Super helpful with all these developments.
  6. @kingofkulpahar1230: Air mobility is changing fast and Airvix is my go-to for keeping flight plans aligned. Super helpful with all these developments.
  7. @Victorop-sj1nq: Air mobility is changing fast and Airvix is my go-to for keeping flight plans aligned. Super helpful with all these developments.
  8. @Magictv789o: never realized flying taxis could be this close
  9. @JackJaadugar: the olympics in la will be wild for sure
  10. @VaibhavSontakke-qt8ne: never realized flying taxis could be this close
  11. @AlviBrothers-u2t: this is super interesting thanks for sharing
  12. @NaibDjpakka: the olympics in la will be wild for sure
  13. @PixelPulseSho: can’t wait to see how this partnership plays out 🤔
  14. @MohamedXEG: never realized flying taxis could be this close
  15. @KhanBaBa-gt3xv: who knew the olympics involved flying cars lol
  16. @Devilface26: this partnership sounds super interesting
  17. @Diljale_.7860: can't wait to see these in action
  18. @robfranssenmusic: "Archer enters into partnership with Tesla and Elon Musk to advance...."

 Buy before the news comes out!
  19. @DM-pd7lt: Strong buy.  "Archer Named Exclusive Air Taxi Partner For The Los Angeles Sports & Entertainment Commission, Will Serve As Official Los Angeles World Cup 2026 Host City Supporter And Official Partner For The Super Bowl LXI Host Committee
  20. @BlueEyed888: Seems like Archer’s lost their V card.  No transition, back lifting props produce too much vibration,  too heavy,  ctol flights,  calling the Olympics now a “concept”?  Concept.   Interesting choice of words.  Like it’s something that never happens in real life!  HA! Caught that!  😂

- Boeing's former chief technical pilot indicted for lying to regulators about 737 Max: Kind: captions Language: en is the first criminal indictment in the case of boeing 737 max filed late today a short time ago in federal court prosecutors have just charged the company's former chief technical pilot a man named mark forkner with lying to regulators about the airlines or i should say about lying to regulators and airlines about the plane's flight control system failures in that system are what ultimately led according to investigators to the deaths of 346 people in two crashes phil lebeau as i mentioned covers aviation for us what on what evidence are prosecutors basing this brand new indictment phil well they're going to point to forkner's own words or messages that he sent remember in january of last year's shep boeing released and ultimately this came up in congressional hearings a trove of emails and messages involving a number of people involved with the certification of the max including mark fortner and two of those messages really stand out that people at the time when they were released said are you kidding me one of them forkner says i basically lied to regulators unknowingly that's what one of the messages said and another one he referred to talking with regulators and talking about the flight control system and using the phrase jedi mind tricking regulators essentially painting a picture that they had information that they did not share with regulators that no doubt is at the heart of the prosecution of mark forkner this this is big phil boeing already settled with the doj but but this case could still be really damaging to the company no absolutely who knows what happens with mark forkner a if this goes to trial or even if he enters into some type of a plea bargain where he can point the finger at other executives especially those who might be above him or were above him at boeing he could say look they knew and i've got some evidence that they know now i'm not saying that's going to happen but that's the possibility here if you're boeing yeah you've settled you don't want any more of this to be out there playing in the papers and on tv constantly that you had a test pilot who is accused of lying to regulators they already had this play out once they would not like to see it rehashed again

  Top Comments:
  1. @boardexamclass10: boeing should close down its company
😡😡😡
  2. @jessikapiche6097: When you have done a mistake, imagine being those guys who were part of that chain of command...and laugh again.  They all deserve prison for life.
  3. @cndam: Yet six VW were charged for the diesel scandal.
  4. @MrFortuitous: The FAA should have its own facility to run tests and their own test pilots  who evaluate the plane in order to be certified by an indiffernt people instead of relying on the company having one of their own employees do it and tell u the results seems like a major conflict of interest and could make some people to overlook things or not want to be the one to mess up delay ect that will cost the company hundreds of millions if not billions of lost money and future earnings.
  5. @wello5839: People be all excited to board a plane to fly to their destinations..not knowing that the airline industry is all about the money.. even knowing planes need maintenance?? They will continue letting that plane fly... putting people at risk..and their employees... after crash first thing NTSB ask about is that black box....ti hell with the people!! and not to mention suicidal pilots.. fly at your own risk!!
  6. @Summers1155: can't stand this P.O.S.
  7. @timroach5260: liberals lie constantly....why aren't they indicted, found guilty and removed from our country.....???
  8. @thetruthaboutaviationcrash9927: Learn report the facts CNBC how Boeing truly lost its way.....Now its time to hear the real truth from an insider Boeing engineer safety whistleblower telling his story how the U.S. Gov, media and Boeing cover-up over the #737MAX crashes and 777x demise.... https://youtu.be/rlzAexk7y_I
  9. @hjl8083: Mark Forkner you are a LIAR
  10. @oliviashuii364: Good hope he goes to prison
  11. @wanderingfido: Indicted is one thing.  Now we see if the top-level cronyism extends downward to the mid-level managers.
  12. @KEWONZOR: The Yu-Gi-Oh scape goat card has been activated!!!!
  13. @udinsalam4751: My comment for this particular aircraft:
1. Bad aircraft technical design that compensated using software (MCAS)
2. Innovation that lead to deaths (of many people and the company)
  14. @udinsalam4751: He can't be lying alone, there must be a chain of command. He can't be the one who make the decision to cancel extra MCAS training for pilots and made Beoing saved 1 million USD. This must be a huge corporate crime scandal!!!
  15. @gammaraider: Ahh, it was one of those evil rogue test pilots! Nothing to do with greedy, unscrupulous corporate decisions, no sir! Reminds me of how VW tried to pin dieselgate on their evil rogue engineers.
  16. @unwantedvoid1678: Boeing top management had just bought off themselves by paying 2.5 billion fine for their fraud. Government and public servants had escaped from the punishment for free. Privileged people. Test pilot, unfortunately for him, don't have anything of it.
  17. @scruffy4647: How big a role and how much authority do test pilots have at large companies like Boeing?  Was Mark Forkner the only test pilot involved with the Max?  Being a company guy, he was probably under a lot of pressure to go with what they had.  They're definitely throwing him under the bus.  There are so many failures on what happened, it will never get sorted out.   Hopefully, something like this will never happen again. (Wishful thinking).
  18. @onebad78ta: He is in NO WAY the only guilty person here.
  19. @GH-oi2jf: That’s good news, but I would like to see Muilenburg indicted.  I doubt only one person is responsible.
  20. @gprufino: Any Boeing employee who lied by omission to the FAA should go to prison.

- Inside the Life of an Airline Pilot: Insights and Tips for Future Pilots | Pilots Say What? | Ep. 21: Kind: captions Language: en pilot say what what do you mean why am I here exactly pilot say what thank you for uh joining us on the 21st episode where we hear what pilots have to say today we do have a special guest Captain Philip Stromer um I'm really excited to be talking to you today but if this is your first time or you're joining again my name is Zachary I am typically the host here and um yeah we'll let you kind of just get straight into it um maybe maybe tell us a little bit about who you are and what you do well I'm a captain for American Airlines I've been there for 23 years and uh coming up on retirement soon yeah so I thought I'd come back and give my knowledge out to all those who are going to follow footsteps into the airlin so yeah well you've joined us on a couple of ZTA days and yes and they were great yes I feel like I enjoyed you having you there just from hearing you speak we didn't really get to talk much but uh now I'm glad that you are here joining us on the podcast if like yes well thank you for inviting me yeah did you know that you were actually our first airline pilot that we were having I did not know is that going to be reflected in the fee it might be we can work that out with your agent uh um but so that's why I'm really excited to have you we've had a lot of instructors and students and I feel like um everyone's probably pretty ready to hear a little bit more insight from someone who's who's living the dream okay let's start with this um how's your day going so far I mean what's your week look like so far my week looks great I just finished a 3-day trip yesterday and uh it was Sensational had a great crew yeah um went to western Florida it was awesome took a walk on the beach yeah at egland Air Force Base and yeah had great flight attendance great first officer good trip yeah well I'm going to dive a lot into that here in a little bit because I I want to know kind of what what the day looks like sometimes when you're going out there but before we do that maybe maybe I ask you a question or two about uh how long you've been you've been flying with the Airlines and um and then maybe even where you started okay yeah I've been with American for 23 years MH and before before that I was with an airline uh based out of Las Vegas that went bankrupt after 911 okay so that took a while to find a job after that time yeah but I was able to do that and I came from a corporate background flew corporate Jets uh for many years flew a lot of really fun cool people and some not so fun yeah but I did start out in general aviation and as a flight instructor and started from the very bottom and worked my way up so that's nice it just takes a lot of determination yeah I feel I feel like that'll be very relatable to I mean I've uh talked to a lot of instructors and students and a lot of them didn't even know they've never even been in a plane before they come to the school sometimes y yet they're going to enter the workforce the same way um did you do anything before being a pilot uh I was a civil engineer I went to school for civil engineering and did that for about three years oh that's cool and um started an engineering firm in the Bay Area San Francisco Bay area and you know after four or five years of that I I realize I do not want to do this so I had started flying when I was 15 years old in Northern California I'm from Northern California and I used to get up every morning at 4 in the morning and ride my bike down to the airport and I would go up with a flight instructor who had a contract with the state to read temperatures every th fet so I rode along with him and I started flying when the summer ended that stopped so in my brain I had had access and exposure to Aviation but life went on right 15-year-old High School all that stuff I got into engineering but it was always in the back of my mind that I just can't sit at a desk for the rest of my life and that's what I was wondering yeah and that's what happened and that's when I started to really go after it I was late in life too I was 24 25 years old okay and then and that's why I wanted to ask because that's very relatable I I wonder um did in the back of your mind you know like you said there was always that voice that said I don't really want to sit at the desk for the rest of my life was that was that from the beginning of you starting the the job that was the beginning yeah yeah cuz I always wanted to be an airlin pilot who knew how to become an airline pilot you had to be military right or really brainy or a rocket scientist nobody knows about the airline industry exactly yeah it's a secret it's weird how unattainable it seems and how attainable it is and like the the contrast between the truth is kind of crazy still now even um you think that why I'm here yeah you think that with social media and everything everyone would know it's like well that's just one of the common options no still seems very not common knowledge that you can just become an airline if like to of course it takes hard work it does yeah um did you go to a uh flight school anything like it was a local FBO in Nado California very small school and the students were you know people who had money that wanted to learn how to fly Housewives and you know older people and then um you know but they had a whole program there yeah so I got my instrument there commercial CFI and then they hired me awesome yeah so they liked me enough to hire me and I instructed for about a year okay well that's that's good to know I wanted to kind of hear about how you got into it and how it started and where your brain was because uh the majority of people I've talked to uh share that sentiment so hopefully when someone's listening and it's really important when you're a flight instructor to learn to network with people because that flight instructor job is going to take you to another job and you've got to be really personable and you've got to work with people and and that's what happened at that little airport so those people that I taught started buying airplanes and then they wanted me to go fly with them to feel safer right so then that's how got into a Bonanza and that's how I got into twin engine stuff it was just from that flight instructor job yeah so that was that was the kindling that was the beginning of it and they they needed someone to sit in the other seat right and that's how it started that's really cool meeting people in the community uh talking to people does that play a large role in your job it it does it's a quality and it's a skill but you have to learn the skill how to be outgoing and some people aren't outgoing I'm not always outgoing but we're all in our little bubbles especially with cell phones today and computer Compu and all that stuff we just want to get in there and put our blanket around ourselves and you know look into a screen but you have to attain that skill you have to be outgoing you have to network you have to ask people how their day is you have to smile right because sometimes a smile when you're smiling somebody and they smile back it makes their day right so you have to be that and then once you learn that skill it actually becomes a quality and it's very important in this business I I like you got to like people and you've got to be able to interact yeah that I like the way you put that that that quality uh it becomes becomes a quality the skill becomes a quality um and a lot of people do have to learn how to interact and even you know I've always been very social growing up uh and and didn't have yeah so I've always kind of been that way but in the recent years the older I get the less natural it becomes and and I've had I've come across certain situations where I've actually had to maybe put a little more effort into the skill itself of being social and and talking to people and remembering that smiling back at people makes a difference like you said I've gotten so my phone uh recently I've started leaving my phone in my bag uh and so that I don't actually just have it in my pocket yes yes and so that way I'm a little less inclined to just do that all the time anyways when I see people I'm trying to make sure I make small talk sometimes and and you know we have so many when you're at an airline you interact with so many people gate agents passengers fuelers rampers mechanics Pilots fight attendants uh aircraft cleaners you know smile at them right and ask them how their day is going and and you know when an airline pilot does that and they're in a uniform and and they recognize them and they they the smile on their face is just fantastic it's like well thank you for asking Captain it's really cool so make everybody's day yeah yeah I like the term if you're blessed be a blessing right I like that yeah that's good I haven't heard that yeah I want to move on to the the question where it's like what does it kind of look like to uh arrive at the airport and go on a trip I mean what does your typical day look like I know it's usually a couple days in a row so yeah yeah well it's the drive to the airport to the employee parking lot and then the employee bus to whatever terminal you're going to fly out of A B C or D and usually by the time you get to Terminal D they've changed your gate and now you have to go to terminal a right they catch on a flight yeah so we get there typically an hour before uh departure time and we all hang out there at the gate and the gate agent is there and we run our IDs and they verify that we're who we say we are but you're getting to know everyone too cuz you never fly with the same pilot 15,000 Pilots right so 99% of the time it's somebody I've never met and flight attendants I've never seen yeah so hi I'm Philip hi I'm Sam hi I'm Shirley right so you're introducing yourself right there we don't even know each other and and all the passengers are like okay well there's there's the crew yeah well the crew they don't even know each other but what's cool about the airlines is that because we have procedures and standing standard operating procedures even though we don't know each other and even though I've never flown with this person it all comes together because we all do the same thing over and over and over and over again yeah and so it's just like a glove that fits every time so you get on the airplane and um you know you start going through your flows so in the airlines we have flows we don't have checklists we have checklists to make sure all the big stuff is done yeah but the captain has theirs and the first officer has theirs so I get in my seat and I would start here and I end in here so I just go down the panel and then cross here there checking this and that and then I end up over here yeah okay and they do the same thing but different for regarding what they do right so when we do the before start checklist it's just it's like five items b b b b b done okay so that's how that's how checklists are done in the airlines so it's all flow yeah so yeah we get in there and uh we run through that and and then uh you know passengers board I try to greet as many passengers as I can uh and flight attendants you know hey do you need a trash bag do you need water do you need you know all stuff we always want exactly you know tissues whatever so um things just kind of Click along like that yeah and before you know it the ramper downstairs who has the tug connected to the airplane is on headsets and uh they'll call Flight Deck to ground yeah ground Flight Deck okay hey we're ready down here all the hatches are closed we've done our walk around you guys good yeah we're good then the flight attendant comes up and says um you know we cleared clothes cleared clothes yeah right and then they call for push the first officer calls for a push okay and then um I talk to him breaks released clear the push and we push back right and it's like that at every airport okay it's the same thing all the time even even with different Crews everyone knows that's the way it goes just how just like lockwork it's like a script it's funny because I didn't know that a large portion of being a pilot would look like not being around people you know uh you know like you said from showing up to the airport and being on The Bu and talking to the rampers that's why you have to learn to interact with people that's our previous discussion exactly and that's why I wanted to come kind of circle back just for a second to it because I think that's really um I wonder how many Pilots realize that that's what I'm wondering Pilots at the school yes Pilots at the school people in training things like that nobody knows that that's one of this Secret Squirrel stuff about the airlines we were talking about people don't know these things yeah yeah I would I mean I just wouldn't have guessed that cuz that's your day-to-day life people think about when you go day-to-day day-to-day Life as a as an accountant might look like you know going to your cubicle and working and talking to your manager right as a barista you're you know you have to talk to people every day right as a pilot I'm wondering what people assume your day-to-day would look like yeah you're flying a plane but you're talking that's the easy part yeah that's the easy part almost right yes yes yeah so you have to kind of not only be good at it but you kind of have to find um Solace and acceptance and and knowing that that's what your day is going to look like you kind of have to find a way to enjoy that or else you're not going to enjoy absolutely yeah yeah you can enjoy flying planes but not enjoy being a pilot if exactly right and and that that is the difference between happy pilots and sometimes not happy Pilots they love flying the plane they can't wait take off and land right but it's all that other stuff in there they don't like but unfortunately all that other stuff represents 80% of what you have to do every day yeah so if you're not good at that you're not going to dig the job yeah it's more of an attitude sort of thing uh oh well anyways I wanted to Circle back to that because I did I did find that an interesting realization for myself so you're you y' done everything you need to do you've gone through your flows um and is it time for takeoff yeah so during taxi we have some more flows we have to do the first officer has flows they have to do and once that's done then I call for a before takeoff checklist that's has six items Zip Zip Zip Zip Zip done right it's all rehearse you you you say it every day four or five times a day and then um yeah we we go up to the runway hold short and follow the directions from the tower and they clear us for takeoff and you know my flow going on to the runway is Turn All the Lights On and ding the um fast and seat belt sign twice that tells the flight attendants we're ready to go going to take off and we take off and now that's the easy part yeah and do out of all of that what's your favorite part so far um taxing I think is fine because it can be tough as a captain to taxi captain always taxies there's tillers on both sides but the captain will taxi and at airports that are unfamiliar to me or at night mhm I really need backup from the fo to make sure I'm turning on the right taxi way okay right cuz we all mess up I mean how do you navigate something brand new like that so that is actually more challenging than taking off in weather that's easy right I'm in my element then right okay that makes sense and do you still enjoy the takeoff is that not one of those I do I do I do but it's kind of an underlying anxiety because it's like okay so are we going to lose an engine you know there's V1 V V2 right so if the engine fails before V1 speed you have to abort yeah okay there's enough Runway left to stop after V1 you have to take it into the air which is usually more safe but that's always running through my mind okay we're coming up to that speed coming up okay we're past that speed if I lose the engine okay what am I going to do so you get past that critical time yes and then and once you're climbing it's good but that's kind of a critical time in Flight okay that's what I was and it's kind of low gr low grade anxiety I know what you mean like it's there it's impending it's like kind of like for me even just as a as a um I'm not very nervous about flying but even me it's always the landing of course as a as a passenger it's like uh like I trust that it's probably fine but I do know that this is a critical point right and I think about that sometimes um but it's because you're aware I to me I'd almost be a little more concerned if you weren't like that in tune with what's especially um you know slippery runways or or runways with snow and there's an action I have to take if the fo you know fo if it's his leg or her leg mhm they're flying right but I have to take control of the airplane and now I've got to stop this airplane on a slippery runway yeah and it's night yeah right and it's plowed here but it's not over there so it's just that kind of stuff but once you're in the air it's like yeah I totally get that I think that's just a sign of somebody who still really cares about what they're doing self-preservation too yeah well exactly are we going to make it safely passengers will say and was like if I make it safely you're going to make it saf you're on the same plane they are you're not putting you're not at any uh risk that you're not so um okay so I mean you're in the plane you're going through the flights I mean maybe we don't go through every detail but um and of course there's there might be something you want to highlight but what you're flying you land and you you arrive in at your uh designation yeah let's so let's say you know Dallas to Chicago right and so Chicago is always a mess yeah it's crowded there's it's big there's all kinds of Taxi ways yeah right and and the controllers are very angry they're always angry you know that's it's like their inflection you know when you hear when you hear them talk and their inflections in their their voices and directions you can just picture the face they're just angry yeah they just sound because they're tired and and it's a really busy airport when somebody doesn't repeat back the in taxi instructions they get angry yeah you know because they because they need confirmation that you heard it kind of thing yeah I I've heard okay just everybody stop okay over the control United 12:15 turn left on Lima Lima right on Papa left on Delta and if they don't repeat it exactly back that way they're like okay then they uh that's inside is there do you do you feel like so that's the hard part so Landing even in a snowstorm okay I know the airplane I've been on the Airbus for 22 years uhuh right Landing the airplane is the easy part it's the taxi to the gate at Chicago exactly and how does someone get good at that over time is repetition yeah Cycles reps right when first did it was it difficult I mean more difficult I mean yes uh do what what do you help and so as a first officer you do all the radio work on the ground okay so a brand new first officer who's let's say is new to the airlines that's what I'm wondering yeah it's it's a big deal yeah right A lot of them come from the commuters and they go in and out of Chicago all the time but we have people that have corporate backgrounds right and they're not used to going into Chicago or JFK or Miami Miami is another mess you know and so they have to do all the Talking I have to listen and write down the instructions and do yeah right and so by the time you get to the gate you're exhausted it's like okay but now I have two more legs now I got to go to Miami right and the whole thing starts over again and then after Miami I'm going to go to JFK and overnight in JFK and so by the time you get to the hotel you're done yeah because because I feel like navigate like you're saying navigating the taxi ways whether it's leaving or arriving big deal yeah I can imagine do you typically have three in one day yes two to three and then some days four mhm right yeah but that all depends on seniority yeah so the more senior you are the better trips you get yeah you can get one leg days right you can get a a turn Dallas Vegas and back you're done you know or you can bid two day trips when you're senior enough or three-day trips when you're not senior they're four- day trips and there's a lot of legs so seniority is everything and the students at this school need to realize that as soon as they get out of here get some experience get to the airline as quickly as you can to get that number because by the time you're 40 you're going to want or 50 you're going to want some good trips yeah you don't want to do four legs a day yeah right and people don't realize that either yeah that what seniority is everything yeah when we've heard that a couple times and it sounds like um now we have Cadet program we partner with a couple of the airlines I don't know I don't have all the details but I do know that you can get in you can get a Senor seniority number before you even go through an interview is awesome I mean it sounds like it can give you a real nice leg up when you just first enter see they didn't have that when I started yeah so you're just on your own yeah right so get in on those Cadet programs that we have going on whether whever school you're at I think that there's ways to get into Cadet programs you just start talking to Airlines as early as possible familiarize yourself that's what it sounds like it's exactly right um so the first officers maybe the brand new first officers have to do a lot of this communicating um now I don't know how much the difference is from when you started to now right but I'm C curious about if you can recognize any ways that someone could uh prepare or help themselves adapt to that difficulty when they first start I do uh uh ATC live online you can listen to uh radio chatter oh okay okay uh at whatever airport you want you can tune in to Chicago approach arrival a ground Tower listen to as much of that as you can and so it just becomes second nature because it's all about expecting what you're going to hear mhm right you always hear the same thing over and over and over again so if you if you're expecting to get the kind of instructions you're going to get because you've listened to it so much y you're not so you're not so um you know stirred up by the quickness and the the the tone the Rhythm because it's very fast when you said that a second ago I wouldn't have been able to repeat that back like not at all and and and of course I'm not a pilot but I'm saying sure if you're not used to it you familiarize yourself yeah it's it's like a instrument clearance right they're all the same they it's the same it's in the same order so these these students on their doing their instrument right now yeah they're getting used to okay when I get my instrument clearance it's going to be cleared to okay the route the altitude right the frequency so that part what's the squ right oh okay gotcha and so same thing with ATC you're expecting to get a Crossing altitude and you you know what to say so so across airports it's the same um those sorts of things are the same the way that you have to communicate right now what are the what are the variables I mean is it the name of the taxi ways and which which Runway you're on that kind of thing well it's interesting you say that because everything should be the same way all the time but there's tribal differences naturally okay yeah so in Atlanta they call you know D taxiway Delta Dixie okay okay so every airport has its own little thing mhm like New Orleans yeah it's they're going to say things different yeah yeah yeah conquered you know instead of conquered conquered yeah so there's there's the accents to are kind of Co Mexico City that's a mess oh really it does it still you got everybody from all over the world flying into Mexico City trying to it's high 8,000 feet terrain at night all these different dialects you really have to be on your game there I bit away from mexic City I want to I want to go to Mexico City still just one time at least lot of history there yeah yeah there's a lot of history U well okay so but listening to like you said ATC life you can listen to radio chat or buy a scanner buy a scanner you know I bought my son a scanner and it's just on in the living room and it's scanning here Addison Tower you can do that I didn't know you do yeah just listen to it yeah and listen to Fort wor Center listen how they talk to pilots and how Pilots talk back really important I feel like that would just make a big difference personally myself uh when I started new jobs uh the harder part was just understanding the way that people need to be uh spoken to or the way things are typically said to be understood like I understand that everything has its own dialect or lingo or things you need to understand there's a word for it jargon something like that code code I guess but um point is is you want to be able to communicate the way people do in the industry and that's always was the thing that made me the most nervous when starting something so I asked that for my for people like me right and I was nervous when I did a couple ZT cuz I'm I'm from an airline background now I haven't been involved with general aviation in 25 years right it's like can I still talk to this type of Aviation yeah and coming from it I can but I understand what you're saying completely yeah and and it's funny because I'm I'm still breaking down those like subgroups within the industry there's a lot of them yeah and that's what I'm starting to learn after talking to people and I find that very interesting I do know that a lot of the students do like the idea of we've had maybe two different um airline pilots actually speak at ZTA day and you're just you're one of them uh so I see though that they really like the airline talk uh they like to because a lot of them are planning on going to Airlines um are there what are some of the most rewarding things about your job is what I wanted to know and that that'll be like maybe one of two questions yeah I um I think getting PE getting people to their destination safely yeah you know no incidents no violations you know no accidents obviously yeah but you know people fly for a wide variety of reasons they do right graduations birthday parties somebody had a stroke someone's in the hospital funerals weddings and it's so diverse but to be able to get them to where they need to go and then greet them off the airplane like you know and and everyone's still really respectful and thankful so I think you know flying Souls safely is really cool but once in a while you know like last year I had this I was flying to uh Orlando from Phoenix and this family was on vacation and they get off the airplane and she hands me this beautiful drawing of an American Airline plane you know it's dark outside the windows our windows are painted are color yellow uhuh and she said you know thank you so much for flying us safely and staying up all night and getting us you know it was just beautiful like drawing from this 9-year-old girl oh wow I actually fr it right so it's those kind of things that were rewarding for you to say that you enjoy the fact that you got someone to their destination safely for whatever reason they're flying right uh I I don't know I mean it's just I think that's part of the being in tune keeping your head up and talking to people kind of energy yeah um and and giving back to society right so the job I love I'm actually providing a service yes that's getting you there safely yeah you're making impact it's pretty cool yeah yeah kind of cool cuz sometimes you can work at a job and be like yeah I'm helping this company perform their function sure but I'm just like it's easy to feel like a cog I'm affecting no change yeah I don't feel impactful you know I yeah it doesn't seem like you that's not something you're going to really feel like right in your in your role okay well you already answered the second question I mean uh but I'm curious is there what's one of the most uh memorable flights uh or flight experiences you've had well before I got on uh after 911 I flew a BBJ which is a a business version of a 737 for a company out of Van eyes M so um Ben afflac had just finished filming Pearl Harbor oh wow so I was flying him and some other people and so he actually came up into the fight deck over the Atlantic we're taking them to Paris and had a really cool discussion about you know what he went through to make that movie and he actually knew a lot about air speed and stalls and this and that but I'm like I'm sitting there like I'm talking to this guy like it's been afflac it's awesome you know that doesn't happen but my corporate days I got to by a lot of really cool people yeah and and very special the change from corporate to the airlines big big difference yeah big difference big cultural difference was was there something that really pushed you to do that well I always want to be an airline pilot want to be yeah I always picture that because in my mind you know when I was young we'd go to the airport and just watch the airline pilots and Crews yeah right so my my dad was in World War II he flew the hump c47s over the Himalayas so Aviation was always in my life but to see those airlin pilots and and fight tenants with their roller bags they didn't have roller bags back then we were actually allowed at the airport we we could get through security you didn't have to fly yeah so we you know I wanted to be that yeah that was the image in my mind so so you just wanted to go ahead and at least check that box and do it here you are yeah that's really cool okay and then um you know we have a lot of uh a lot of our students watch the podcast or listen to the podcast whatever platform they're using uh but there's we have people from all over the country I mean we look at the map all the time yeah and we have a little red dot that pops up and and overseas and stuff so it's really cool but um a lot of people are in training or maybe just fellow Pilots I'm curious about for the people who are new um maybe there's some insights you can give or tips and advice and I I do have some questions here that maybe would help you do that okay what qualities or skills do you think are essential for success in this field well you kind of answered that right well I and I think one that I left out is organization skill is being you have to learn to be organized and that's a skill which becomes a quality okay but how your day starts and we already talked about this is everything but your day can't start right unless you are put together in life everything has a place to go that includes personal life and all of that so try to live a really well organized life with your relationships with your house with your car all that stuff try to keep it together that's very important and I think being responsible well what does responsible mean well responsible means that I need to wake up and want to interact with people yeah I want to do a good job for my company and I want to fly safely right that's being responsible yeah and I think learning situational awareness is really really important and what like an example you need to know what what needs what's going on what could present a problem to me right now right you know if if you don't know what's going sideways until it's sideways it's too late you need to have your radar going right all the time and I think division of attention skills are really important be able to do two or three things at the same time but prioritize which needs to be done now right because you know there's a lot of that in aviation and the students are learning that now yeah right instrument Pilots are learning that now do a littleit of this first and then do this and don't try to do all of this at once I compartmental do this look do it again look right oh wow it's learning that skill another one we had that I might have sent you it was um what do you what do you do to stay current with the latest Technologies and regulations in aviation okay this is easy for an airline pilot because all the regulations that are changed are are sent to the company so then American Airline pipelines it out to all of us okay through our various apps and we're like so apt out at this Airline we have so many apps for everything but they feed that information to us so I don't really have to keep up on regulation anymore MH right my company will tell me yeah anything that's relevant to you okay that makes sense okay well I appreciate you for giving us the Insight um I mean we've we've talked about all kinds of different things uh I think I'd like to have you back at some point I think I have even more ideas on what to talk about at this point okay good yeah I can blossom out from there yeah that'd be nice to kind of add on a little bit and and then now that we have a little repertoire that we would be able to figure out more places to go with yeah and I'll start thinking when I'm doing my trips what might be interesting that people may want to know yeah and we can and we can even talk about some of that stuff ahead of time so uh but I do appreciate you for for joining us um I hope that anyone who's still listening or watching enjoyed this if you are still listening I'm sure you did um and then on that note if you have any questions for us leave it in the comments like subscribe if you have any questions for thrust flight of course go to thrust flight.com we have all the information you need otherwise we'll see youall next week on the next episode of pilot say what thank you for joining us thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sknapps92 [61 likes]: “If you’re blessed, be a blessing “ damn, I needed that. Great interview!
  2. @flowbrandz316 [5 likes]: "Late in life" 😅
  3. @RheeForThree [5 likes]: Loved this interview, I’m literally in the same exact boat as Philip. 25 y/o as an Aerospace Engineer in the DoD and I already know I can’t work at a desk for the rest of my life. Started flight school a month ago, but this definitely motivated even more thanks! Tired of seeing planes at work everyday, I just want to fly them🙃
  4. @shmoney9503 [3 likes]: This was one of the better podcast with an airline pilot that I’ve seen. Do more please!!
  5. @Vele1267 [1 likes]: Especially given the pay now, one of the easiest jobs on the planet.... Flying is not that hard nor stressful.  Some airline pilots who aren't that smart and have an ego love acting like it's a stressful job and it requires so much schooling.... It doesn't.  You don't need a degree and you can get your ratings in 6 months..... Flight instruct for a couple of years and you're a big bad airline pilot
  6. @davdavdavzz [1 likes]: Hello everyone my name is David and my dream is to become an airline pilot 
I know that it is expensive as a study but I would like some advice or tips to help me achieve it
  7. @Joe-x6w1k: Good interview but the host talked too much
  8. @Muhd_bandeeyah: Do aviation schools offer scholarship for people with funds issues
  9. @ibrahimAbubaker-o5c: THIS IS THE BEST JOB IN THE WORLD BE PATIENT AND IT WILL HAPPEN
  10. @Justicemunroe: What?
  11. @AkonDesignStudio: You f*ckd up the whole interview bro yo aren't interviewing yourself.
  12. @Caltx48i: 11:45
  13. @mi7sn-377: great pilot
  14. @Mr.Dani.M: Thanks for sharing this interview 🙏🏻
  15. @edilfirdelacruz7217: Most pilots start their careers 30+ years, 25 it’s a great age to start as of me that’s my age🫶
  16. @ujjwalendubar467: ❤ Mr. Pilot's .. Pen
  17. @alampaica2056: Hi, is there a part 2 for this interview?
I love the interview.
  18. @janessa.takingoff: Really enjoyed this episode. First one I listened to from you and a good one! Thanks
  19. @kevinmaestroful: Host talks too much
  20. @jacksonfondren1656: I'm 42 and this has always been my dream. Army came first and now I'm afraid I may have missed my window. I'm single, have no distractions for school and still have my GI bill. Is this a pipe dream?

- Things No One tell you about being a Pilot | Watch This Before You Become a Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone sees the uniform, the wing, the views from 30,000 ft, but no one talks about this. These are some of the brutal truths that nobody tells you about. Here's 15 things no one tells you about being a pilot. Let's talk about it. You'll question yourself a lot. Did I make the right choice? Am I good enough? Can I really do this? There will be days when you mess up. There will be days when you feel like you're not enough. Days where you feel like everybody else is ahead of you. Days when your confident absolutely tinks. Imposttor syndrome does not skip pilots. In fact, it is one of our best friends. But here's what no one tells you. Even the best doubt themselves. So you are not alone in this. Do not feel like you are not enough. What matters is how you respond. You get up, debrief yourself, and keep moving ahead. That's the making of a real pilot. Your training never stops. You think you're dead after you pass your check ride? Think again. Recurrency sims, maneuvers, validation, emergency drills, and re-qualification exams. Your training never ends. You're constantly being evaluated, refreshed, and retested. But it's actually a good thing. Wouldn't you rather be safer by doing all these tests than be complacent and get hurt and hurt other people in the process? So these are extremely important and also help you stay on top of it because the day you stop learning, you're not just a pilot, you are a liability in the sky. Before we get into the most brutal truth of this video, I wanted to address a question that I keep getting very often. How to become a commercial pilot in the US if you are an international student. If you want to go from where you are today to becoming a commercial airline pilot in the US, I'm going to be hosting a webinar to tell you exactly how to do it because it is possible. I was where you are just a couple years ago and today I'm a commercial airline pilot in the US. If you want to find out how to do this, how much it costs, the hidden costs that nobody tells you about, the visa processes, what kind of flight schools to look for, and a step-by-step guide on how to go from where you are today, to becoming a commercial airline pilot, either in the US or in your own country. This is going to be the most comprehensive, best career tip that you will ever receive. Check out the link in the description to join the weight list for the webinar. Now, let's move on to the most difficult and hardest truth about being a pilot that nobody tells you. Loneliness hits different at 3:00 a.m. There's a kind of silence in hotel rooms that echoes when your body clock is flipped, your friends are asleep, and the only thing keeping you company is the buzz of the mini fridge in the corner. Yes, you're surrounded by people all day, but sometimes flying can feel isolating. You'll crave real connection, the kind that you have with friends and family, but you can't have because you're always gone. And in those quiet hours, you come face to face with yourself. Sometimes that can be powerful. Other times, it can be revealing of who you really are and what you're missing out. Being a pilot will test you mentally, emotionally, and financially. Flight school is expensive. We all know that. Airline upgrades aren't always linear. It doesn't always work out the way you plan. Schedules are brutal and the mental load heavy heavy. You'll cry. You'll doubt yourself. You'll burn out. And hopefully, you'll bounce back up, too. Each time that happens, you only become stronger, sharper, wiser. Because the ones who make it here are not the smartest ones or the richest ones. The ones who make it here are simply the ones that do not quit. You'll miss important moments. Birthdays, anniversaries, weddings. You might miss them all. You'll send I miss you texts from hotel rooms, FaceTime into family dinners, and watch life milestones just pass you by while you're in a city that you didn't even want to be in the first place. No one tells you that while you're chasing clouds in the sky, life on the ground moves on with or without you. You learn to be present in the absence. You learn to love from afar, to show up in small but meaningful ways, and most importantly to forgive yourself for the moments that you're not there for. But nonetheless, the sacrifice stings, especially when it's your niece's first steps, and you are missing it because you're in a city you didn't even want to be in the first place. Layovers aren't vacations. Yes, you can see new places, but not always. Sometimes the only sightseeing you get is the trip from the airport to the hotel in the crew van. Sometimes your layover is a 4-hour nap and a soggy sandwich that you have to grab on the go to not be late for your flight. It's not all glamorous like you see on your curated Instagram feed. But if you're intentional, you can definitely carve out little pockets of joy in every little trip you make and find ways to enjoy it and find moments of happiness in it. It just takes effort and willingness to make the most out of your small layover or a long labor, whatever you're getting. Your circle will shrink. You can't text your friends as much. People will stop inviting you to things, assuming you won't be around. Some might even resent your lifestyle, your schedule, and the fact that you're always somewhere else. But here's the bright side. The ones who stay are your people. It will show you who your girlfriends are and who really matter and who will stick with you till the end. Your circle might get smaller, but it will also get stronger, tougher, built on truth, not convenience. Relationships get tested. Romantic platonic family, this job, it stretches them all. You learn the value of trust, of setting expectations, of small gestures that show them that you care. Because being gone doesn't mean being distant, but it does mean working harder to stay connected. The ones who get it, they'll stay. The ones that don't, they'll drift away. Unfortunately, that's the reality of this job. You will never look at the sky the same way. Clouds are no longer just puffy little things. They become stories and a magnifying glass to what lays ahead. Because the sky becomes a second language, the one only pilots speak fluently. And even on the toughest days, you get to see views out of your office window that most people will never get to see in their entire lives. Views that I cannot put into words to explain just how beautiful they are and I cannot capture. So they forever live in my memories and mine alone. And I cannot show anybody just how beautiful this world is. You learn how to stay calm when everything is chaotic. When an engine alert pops up. When ATC reroutes you last minute. When you're flying into weather and every passenger is gripping their armrest. Your job is to be the calmst person in the room. Well, in the sky. It's not just about controlling the aircraft. It's about controlling your mind. Calm is powerful and it can save lives. Flight school isn't glamorous. You'll fly old, beat up planes in weird weather and with no air conditioning. There will be days with backto-back lessons, sweaty headsets, engine run-ups in the blazing sun, and debriefs that'll leave your ego extremely bruised. But one day when you look back, you'll miss it. The purity of chasing your wings, the passion you had that brought you to this point. So at the end of the day, it is all worth it. Weather will be your best friend and your worst enemy. It's your constant companion. You learn how to read mears and taps and all the gibberish of letters and numbers and combinations will actually start making sense. And sometimes it'll betray you. Out of nowhere, storms will shift and things that you didn't expect to happen will happen. And it might force you to divert, cancel, or delay flights. It humbles you. It reminds you even though you can read all this, have an amazing airplane, nature holds all the power. You'll feel behind even when you're not. Everyone has an opinion on your timeline. You'll see your classmates get jobs before you do. Friends hitting milestones when you are stuck in the same spot. But aviation is not linear. It doesn't always work the same way. Some paths are slower. Some paths are more windy. Some paths are just different. But none of them are wrong. As long as you're moving forward, even if it is one knot at a time, you're not behind. You are making progress and you are moving ahead. The job market isn't always fair. You could do everything right and still miss out and get skipped on a job opportunity. Timing, company politics, economy, and let's not forget the pandemic. Everything can change what is going to happen. It is not always about talent. A lot of time it's simply about timing and that can hurt. But it also teaches you resilience. It teaches you to stay ready so you don't have to get ready when the door finally opens and the opportunity arrives. Number 15 is you'll fall in love with it all over again. After all the hard days, even after the missed birthdays, bad sim session, and lonely nights in hotel rooms in unfamiliar cities, there will be moments, quiet, breathtaking moments when you remember exactly why you picked this job and why you love this job. Watching the sunrise through the flight deck window never gets old. The soft tud of the wheels after you absolutely grease a landing. Such an exhilarating feeling. The look on a little kid's face when you walk by or they see you through the flight deck door and they're just waving at you. That is why you're here. That is the feeling that this job inspires and you'll fall in love again and again and again because flying is hard and it's challenging, but it's also nothing short of magic. If you're still watching this video, maybe this job is for you. Because despite knowing the brutal truths that nobody tells you, if you're still here, maybe you have that resilience in you, the I don't quit attitude that is required to succeed in this job. So, keep going. We'll see you in the sky. Which of these facts surprise you the most? Let me know in the comments below. And I'll see you in my next video. Until then, signing off, Lightning Girl. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LightninGirl [41 likes]: Join the WEBINAR ✈ https://www.joinavion.com/webinar

A complete Roadmap from 0 hours to Airline Pilot for international students! Are you ready to let your dreams take off?
  2. @SaidaRahma-u7e [3 likes]: Im a 17 year old girl from Ghana , i recently had interest in being a pilot and im writing my final exams in high school next year , i really want to pursue piloting , i know nothing but i have a great feeling that , with hardwork and a little disciplain and of course my lord,  inshallah i can make it .
I need your help with everything,  i wanted to join your webinar but i couldnt get access to it .
I hope you reply , cause im desperate and im willing to sacrifice everything. 
Yes the truth about being a pilot is brutal.  I want to experience it , all of it .
And like you said , its all worth it .
I really needed this video , thanks😊
  3. @ChandanaPadmavathi [2 likes]: About job opportunity is very less are selected
  4. @MartaWako [2 likes]: Am 14 turning 15 on may 20 2026 also a girl and my dream is to be a pilot and i admier u alot  i want you posting more stuff like this tnx
  5. @realmayabini [1 likes]: Hi you are my inspiration. Can you plz make a video about Pilots height, weight requirements? Take love❤❤
  6. @ShahzaibKhurram-l8m: I'm gonna be starting my CPL study journey soon. Wish me luck.
  7. @user_263cj79sjx: i knew learning gibberish would be hard but i didn’t even fully recognize just how impactful the mental toll would be of isolation 😓😓
  8. @Jyotika-h5t: Hello now I am in grade 9 not good in ict could you guide me please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  9. @hofahofa3627: 10 minutes of listening to you changed a lot of thoughts , thank you and keep going
  10. @lobbyrobby: This was a wonderful video
  11. @michaelallen1396: I'm line maintenance for 35 years, being a pilot is real tough on women, most of the ones I've met are old and childless, it's a miserable lifestyle that pays really really well.
  12. @user-kf9sb6xi7q: stupidest video ever.. pure show off and woke
  13. @khushifunshow: I don't know about the struggles❤
But this video just made me love aviation even more ❤
I'm an 14 year old 
Confused... Stuck... Not sure about any path actually
Maths is the one thing that is on the path of aviation for me
And i don't want to take maths in 11 and 12 
I'll be doing it through open schooling after 12th that might slow me down 
But i want to dedicate all my time to physics...
Chemistry is mandatory too so yeah.. and doing maths on top will just make me procrastinate and end up with nothing 
I enjoy creative paths as well 
But planes fascinate me a lot ❤
  14. @MimimmasK: wow thank u  so mach i see the thing no one tell me about it me i am 16 and i want to learn a pilot and now i am learning a a pilot now i am in hight school thank you so mach your good word
  15. @737copilot: I was a copilot for 6 years (from jan 2020 to dec 20025), in december I quit commercial aviation. I couldn't bear the loliness, hotels, shitty rosters and odd working hours anymore. 
Maybe i'll come back, but not in a near future.
  16. @praptilondhe10221: What is height limit?? Plz tell
  17. @utkarsh_yadavx: Is pilot is a risky job means secure or not means airline jb merji nikal de ?????
  18. @Bhrigu-y4y: Pilot fees is so high 
I can't afford 😞 what I do ?
  19. @davidg.4053: I'm a french 16 year old with dreams to become an airline pilot via the ENAC which seems to be the best european state sponsored school in europe and eventually join Air France, Delta or Emirates (unless I need to go through an intermediary company) and I find this video quite interesting as I might go to the United States to join Delta and escape the major tax increases in France... (bruh we are at like 45.3%  compared to 20% for the United States)
  20. @andrewchr: 99% of people also think that pilots also don't do anything because the autopilot does everything for them.

- Paying for Pilot Training: How I Did It and What I'd Do Differently: Kind: captions Language: en one of the biggest questions that I get asked as a flight instructor and just as someone who talks a lot about flying on the Internet is how much does flight school cost and how do you pay for it so we're going to address all those things my name is Carly I'm a flight instructor I teach people how to fight airplanes from zero experience I'm here to answer all your biggest questions about Flight Training and becoming a pilot to help you save money and time on your flight training so let's talk about it let's Jump Right In how much does flight school cost I'm going to tell you about how much I paid for flight school there's a lot of different schools out there and they don't all have to be insanely expensive but Flight Training in general is quite expensive so I'm going to tell you about my program just because that's the best experience that I have is the one that I went through I've talked a little bit about this in other videos I need to do a deep dive but just a quick overview there are two main categories of flight schools there are part 61 flight schools and part 141 flight schools this just refers to the rules and regulations that govern how that program is run so I went through what is known as a 141 school where the system and the syllabus is very regimented and specific and things have to be done in a certain order at a certain time when you arrive at the school you're given your entire plan of what flights you're going to complete at the Private Pilot level at the instrument pilot level the commercial pilot level Etc you're going to know in advance how long each of those flights will take what Maneuvers and things you're going to learn in that flight it's highly highly specific along with a lot of these 141 programs what happens when you start is they give you the lump sum total of what this is going to cost you my program I'd have to double check it was either 94 or $96,000 it's very large very very large number very expensive number and I knew going into it that I don't have $100,000 in cash I'm going to have to finance a good portion of this a lot of people do I don't necessarily recommend it but we will get into that so here is what I did I first applied through Sally May by the way I'm not a loan professional I'm not a financial adviser this is not Financial advice this is talking about my own personal experience with loans I applied to Sally May I was denied sort of I was told that I could get the loan I asked for with a co-signer but I was starting Flight Training as a former flight attendant someone who' already had a career I was in my late 20s I started flight training at 28 years old and I was not in the position where I wanted to take on a cosigner I wanted to do it on my own terms as much as possible so that one wasn't going to work out for me I tried another so I I only applied to two different loans there was that one and then uh discover student loans which no longer exists they have since passed along their existing ing loans to a company called First Mark services and I don't know if first Mark Services is taking on new loan applicants or if they have just absorbed everything from what was discover student loans but at the time in late 2021 the airline program that I was going through had a couple different loan partner options and that was one of them so that's the one that I applied to I got accepted for $80,000 through Discover student loans the remaining part of it I covered through scholarship money personal savings and support from my family so now let's talk about how I survived in flight school when I didn't have an income for a year and a half I have a background in art I got my bachelor's degree in art which might be shocking if you're just now getting to know me but yes I have a former life as an artist I still take on a lot of creative work and I've pretty much always freelanced in some creative projects at some point throughout my adult life so in 2020 I started a photography company I was doing product photography which was really great because I had clients from all over the country that would mail their products into me and I would photograph them style them inside my home so it really worked out for me that I was able to keep taking on some of those photography projects even in flight school because I wasn't having to show up for a wedding or a family session I didn't have to meet with people I was able to conduct photo sessions on my own time in my own home another thing I was doing is other types of gig work like dog walking I got on the wag app and I would just pick up dog walks as they popped up if I was waiting around to see if I was going to fly so this is another thing about how my school operated I worked on pretty much a on call basis for the entire time that I was in Flight Training what what that means is that every single day I didn't know my schedu schu until about 400 p.m. around 400 p.m. I would check my scheduling app to see if I had a flight uh a lesson scheduled for the next day and if so I would show up for it obviously but there wasn't a consistent schedule that I could rely on so it was not only frowned upon but highly discouraged to have a regular job outside of Flight Training this is considered a full-time program and the school wants your full-time availability so any kind of job where you have to have a dedicated schedule or hours that are scheduled in advance uh is just not going to work it's not a good fit for this type of program so the more that you can take on gig work or freelance things that you can do on your own time and aren't on a set schedule that is the best way to continue making money while you're in Flight School other great types of jobs that you can take on that are relevant to Flying are the type of jobs you're going to get by just walking around the airport and shaking hands the aviation industry is so small and everybody knows everybody especially especially at the local level so going around your airport just meeting people talking to the FBO the FBO is the fixed Base operator it's just the general aviation terminal so there's usually a small team that works there so they are the ones that you're going to want to meet first if you're looking for a job on the airport other things you can do though you can walk around to open hangers and just volunteer to wash people's airplanes even just walking around meeting people getting advice hearing stories all of it is going to benefit you in the long run as you get your foot in the door in the aviation industry now let's talk about scholarships I got a $5,000 scholarship through an organization called women in aviation that is a it's it's an annual membership that you can join as a pilot as a student pilot or even as just an Enthusiast just someone who is enthused about women in aviation you don't have to be a woman to join you can be anyone um but it is mostly women that are members and that attend the annual conferences so this is a great place to find scholarships Aviation memberships Aviation organizations again it's a way to network and get to know people but it's also going to open you up to possible scholarship opportunities and and just networking networking with your community so I'm going to drop some organizations I recommend in the description below I don't have personal experience with all of these but these are just well-known organizations that I know offer scholarships that are well worth your time to look into and consider joining I'm also a member of the 99s which is another group for female Pilots they have local chapters uh W also has local chapters as well as aopa which is aircraft owners and Pilots Association and EAA which is the Experimental Aircraft Association there are many many other organizations that you can join and a lot of times to qualify for their scholarships you do have to be a member but even if you are not just joining to get scholarships there is still a ton of benefit to being a part of these organizations it's a great way to build connections within the industry to find mentors to be a mentor and to just start connecting with other Pilots so loan gig work scholarships and it cannot be understated how lucky I am to have support from my family and my partner my partner was able to take on a lot of our bills and responsibilities while I was in Flight Training and support me that way so that I was able to focus all of my time on flight school so there is something to be said about that if you have people that can back you and support you and help you along in this time where you are very busy and making no money that is huge I also when our lease ran out at the apartment we were living in I moved into student housing for the last portion of my flight training so about six or seven months and that saved a ton of money in the long run because the rent was probably like a quarter as much as the rent on our apartment so it wasn't glamorous it wasn't luxury living it was me and three roommates in uh in a small old apartment but the money I saved was well worth it and it also put me a lot closer to the school so it made my commute to the airport a lot easier now if I were to go back and do it all again what I recommend to people is to keep working as long as you can pay out of pocket for your private if possible so if that means you have to wait a little while to start I would recommend doing that just because going straight into a 141 or a FastTrack program from zero experience is the most expensive way to do it I didn't really know my options very well at the time so I thought you know I'm just going to I'm just going to go somewhere that can get me through all of it knowing what I know now I would have kept my job as a flight attendant and piece together my Private Pilot certificate even if it took me a year two years to get through it and then maybe consider a 141 after that I probably could have paid closer to 15 grand for my Private Pilot where when I got the itemized total for my flight school it was 30 or 35,000 for Private Pilot alone so there are definitely ways to do it cheaper than that the more you can pay out of pocket the better because the bigger loan you have to take out the longer you're going to be paying that back the more interest is acred it's just a financial nightmare so that is my little word of advice again I'm not a financial adviser you can do whatever you want with your money that's just my two cents what I would do different if you liked this video if you found it helpful please let me know drop a comment below also let me know what other questions you have that you think I might have the answer to to I always want to be making content that is helpful to you that supports your training and ultimately saves you time and money that I wish I would have saved for myself thank you so much for watching I drop new videos every Tuesday I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrisbruffett3270 [6 likes]: I’m in SW MO. It took me 7 months and $13k to get my PPL last year at a 141 school. Took the check ride at 56 hours. However, I studied on my own for a year before walking in to the school. I took the written the 1st week there and got a 95%. Of course I still had to do their ground courses but my instructor flew through it since I already knew it. That was an added expense, but was still a savings vs them teaching me. Crappy spring weather slowed down my training as well. I had 4 flight days a week scheduled but only flew 3 times each month in Feb, Mar and April. Training was in a Piper Warrior at $84/hr dry, $60/hr fuel, $58/hr instruction.
  2. @PeterKallini [3 likes]: Thank you for your advice
  3. @manifestgtr [3 likes]: I paid for all of my training as I went and I did it FAST…I had a few scattered hours from years past but I went from presolo to checkride in about 3 months. If you have the means, this is really the best way to do it. The other thing that seriously helps is having a job that allows for free time during the week. I essentially have Monday-Thursday off due to my weird job…and that’s just about perfect for something like flight training. The few times I flew on Sunday during primary were kind of nightmarish…full patterns at every local field, practice areas all jammed up…weekends can be kind of brutal. What it boils down to is that your time/money situation has to be pretty ideal if you’re going to get flight training done in the best way humanly possible.
  4. @andrewyi4477 [3 likes]: Thank you for sharing. I'm currently doing my Private Pilot at a Community College. It appears to take a little longer to obtain however definitely a cheaper route. Some drawbacks is that getting into the flight lab is a struggle since so many people want to join and there are limited space. Congrats and hope to be where you are one day.
  5. @Benzly187 [2 likes]: You give a lot of good details. It’s nice to know your history and a lot of the steps you took to move forward.
  6. @visalmao9624 [2 likes]: Such a well in-depth video!!!
  7. @MalcolmFMQ [1 likes]: I am considering joining Hillsboro Aero Academy at Portland. Is this a reasonably good school?
  8. @robertthomas2032 [1 likes]: Sorry if you said this in the video. But have you hit 1500 hrs yet?
  9. @wahoofan222 [1 likes]: THANKS U, excellent video very informative, just wondering what are the best 141 schools in the USA?
  10. @UU.24ever: What's a cosigner?
  11. @swortham: That’s funny you say that about Sally May I’ve noticed from a lot of people even if you have perfect credit around 800 they still want you to have a cosigner
  12. @thejumpseatchronicles5637: Definitely helpful girly
  13. @topcat5992: PPL here, is flying 3 times/month good enough to get IR?
  14. @shawphi: I can’t say how much I appreciate you and this video. Thank you.
  15. @kimahbeach2260: Definitely wishing I had tried to make being a flight attendant while working on private work. Picked the wrong 141 "pilot mill" and now I'm not even in training with no money to go elsewhere..but I do have the debt with no qualifications to pay it off😢
  16. @Barthalameow7263: Monthly debt payment?
  17. @evanbabbitt3430: Starting my first day of 61 tomorrow, thanks for the video

- How To Balance Family Life & Triathlon With Radka Kahlefeldt: Kind: captions Language: en - I think it's fair to say that we would all love to have more time for training and recovery, but in reality as age-groupers, we're trying to fit in a job around family commitments, maybe even a little bit of a social life, all around your training. And I expect that I'm not alone when I say I look on at the pros with envy as I just dream of having an uninterrupted training session and recovery. Well, in reality that isn't always true, especially if you add a toddler into the mix. Well, that is the exact circumstance for pro-triathlete Radka Kahlefeldt who gave birth to her first child back in January, 2018, and managed to go on and win a 70.3 Ironman just 11 weeks after. Well, I want to know just how she does it, and what tips she could give us. And Radka has very kindly invited us into her home just ahead of the Ironman 70.3 World Championships, so I think it's time we went and found out. - [Radka] Ruby, look. Takes my mind to a small place. Yeah, she was like-- - Go show Mom. Off to transition, here we go. - Iron Girl, here you come. Radka, thanks so much fitting us in cause as I can see it's pretty hectic trying to do all of this before a race, but I want to find out how you manage to, since your life has obviously changed dramatically 19 months ago and you're still performing at the very top level. What are your key points or tips that you could share with the time-crunched age-group athletes? How have you adapted your training? - Momma. - Hi hello, thanks for having me. Well, yep everything changed since Ruby was born. You have to be really time efficient, so there's no time for junk mileage. I think the best thing was to do most of the training on wind trainer and the run on treadmill. Yeah, the wind trainer would be really boring if you don't have a set session so, I actually love it if Brad tells me, "Okay, you do 20 minute warmup then four times eight minutes, Ironman pace, with 4 minutes easy in between, and then, I don't know, some more five-minuters, and them warm down." It goes much quicker, and you get a really good workout, and you are done in two hours. This was great because I know if I pushed really hard for two hours, it's good for me and then I'm quickly back with Ruby. - And have you found that's sort of affected you as an athlete, condensing, I guess, your bike training? How has that affected your performance and your trajectory as an athlete? - Yeah, well. (beep) - It's just the mic 'cause, and we might struggle to pick bits up if-- - It's a bit too much, and I can't focus on what I'm saying - Well, yeah, if you just sort of cover again, so obviously the trainer is much more time efficient, but how, as an athlete has that kind of helped you or changed the way you race or the way you're competing? - I don't think I'm racing differently, but, it really fits me well to do quality sessions and I'm training roughly around only 20 hours a week. - Okay. - But most of it is quality, it's great for me and great for the family as well because I just don't want to be away from Ruby the whole time, and it's a good motivation to do something very quick and then be back into... - [Interviewer] And what's the longest bike ride that you now do? - I do, once a week, a long ride, which now is only three and a half, four hours. - But, actually, another thing; I don't have any people to ride with any more because I can't say Wednesday this time, I'll be there, because it depends all on Ruby, how she sleeps, how we plan the day and so on. So we decide, okay, this Wednesday you ride long, or next week I may ride long Friday. I do most of my rides on my own. - Do you have any tips, or is there anything you've changed in the order or the time of day that you train? For people who have less time, do you find it more efficient to do it one end of the day or the other, or do you ever put your sessions back-to-back to save time on warm-up, cause you're already warm for some of them? - Yeah. Well, I would say as a mom you're warmed up the whole day because you're chasing the baby. I really enjoy doing one session of the day really early before the baby wakes up, if it's possible, cause I feel like I'm not taking her time, my time with her. - Aww. - And also, it's easier to get out of the house because now when she's also saying, "Mom, mom, momma," I feel like I don't want to go, but if she's still sleeping I just go, and it's-- - How do you plan your week, and what could maybe other people who have things come up at work, and stuff, how do you deal with that not complete knowing? Cause I imagine before you could say exactly what you're doing, every day, for probably the next few weeks. That similarity with age-groupers, you know, suddenly your boss calls you in for work, or suddenly Ruby keeps you up at night, how do you deal with that, and what's your strategy? - Yeah, you have to be really flexible because otherwise you wouldn't be able to do it because, like you said, everyday changes based on the baby, or appointments. Most of the time, once Ruby goes to bed at night, I sit with Brad and say, "Okay, what's tomorrow?" He tells me what I need to do, and then we're, "Okay, can Ruby go to creche, or is there Grandma, or can Ruby be with Brad?" We just have to plan the day, and then how we decide it has to be exactly how it is. We can't decide that I'll ride before Ruby wakes up and then I'll just decide to sleep in. It's not possible. It has to be, otherwise you can't do the-- - Yeah, I think that's very similar in the fact that you have to be flexible until almost the night before, and then you know what your schedule looks like and you have to stay, yeah. - And then you have to hold it Of course, you have to be even more flexible if we say now you're getting up, but Ruby has, I don't know, growing teeth and you don't sleep the whole night, then you change it even last-minute. - Recovery is a big part that I personally, and my impression about the, everyone trains so hard, but forgets that your body needs to recover. But obviously, when you have less time it's easy to say yeah you should recover. How do you manage your recovery now, when it must be very different? - It's definitely very different, but the recovery is very important and you can't go without it. I'm still making sure I have once a week a massage, which is kind of the thing I'm living for, because it's not just the body getting the recovery but the brain as well. You just can switch-off and you know someone's taking care for the baby, and you can relax. It's very important for me. Now most of my recovery is actually active recovery. It's basically following Ruby either to the swimming pool, or beach, or climbing up with her on the slide. (Radka laughs) - [Interviewer] God that sounds exhausting. - Yeah, sometimes I'm really tired and I'm praying she wants to sit down and read a book. - You've got a few years to wait. (Radka and interviewer laugh) - But also, I've recently partnered with one clothing company, called KYMIRA. They are focused on recovery pants and recovery clothes. The material is infrared material. - Yeah, okay. - So, it's very interesting and I now wear the pants most of the time when I'm at home so even when I'm cooking or doing stuff, this should already work on my recovery, which is great. - You've touched it quite a few times, obviously Brad, your husband, is your coach. And he's the father of Ruby, as well. So, you're all very one tight-knit team. I know Brad coaches age-group athletes, too. Have you got any tips that you've absorbed from him, obviously working with you as having less time than you do, but all of his athletes having jobs as well. Are there any kind of other pointers that you can think of, that age-groupers could utilize to make the most of their time, or anything that you see Brad doing, or giving to athletes? - Less is more. Some athletes they have even just one hour a day, and they can still do a proper training, even for a full Ironman. You just have to be really flexible, and make the most of that one hour, and don't chat around with people. Some people say how busy they are, but they have one and half hours for whole swim but they are like, you know, ten minutes before they jump in, and cleaning goggles, and looking for paddles, but you have to have everything ready. You have this 90 minutes or 60 minutes to jump in. Some have just their lunch break, we would still let them, okay, if you are able to do a solid one-hour ride, even on a wind trainer. When you have a young baby, I say happy mom, happy baby, and opposite. When you come from your, even if it's just a 30 minute jog, your hormones, you're happy, and you come home you're happy, the baby is happy. So it kind of works like that. - Even in life or work, if you go and do a nice session at lunch-time, and you come back to work and you just feel better. - Yeah, exactly. It gives you the extra energy, yeah. Of course, there's tough sessions where you're tired. But, if you know that you have done the time well, or something, it gives you the other energy and-- - Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, it's sometimes key just to remember that, I guess. - For sure. It's easy when we're sat here on the sofa, talking about it, isn't it? - Yep, it's easy. - Always do all your sessions and do them as hard as you like. And the when you get to them, it's so different. - Yeah, yeah. - Awesome, and thanks Radka, it's really great insight, and I hope we can get a real flavor for just how good you are at balancing everything, and getting those key sessions in. - You have to. I do it because I love the triathlon, otherwise there would be so many excuses to make, not to go for the training, so, it's great. - You're an inspiration. Thank you. Thanks for it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @The_classicnoob [6 likes]: Been a mum is hard job alone.. but to compete on top.. well done 🍀
  2. @scottbagturbo [4 likes]: Let's face it, the pros have it easy. It's easy to find the time to do 20 hours training when the rest of us amateurs are busy working 40 hours a week... In amateur land it is not possible to be very good at your job,  your training and parenting... at least one out of the 3 must suffer...
  3. @kajet666 [2 likes]: No more training with your pals, unless you literally arrange it at the last minute... sound familiar!
Well done Heather & Radka.
  4. @gtn [1 likes]: What are your top tips for fitting training in around family life? Share them with us!
  5. @rebeccahatten784 [1 likes]: Very early starts! Most of my training is done between 4:30am - 7am 😴 and a very structured training plan which is printed and up on the fridge week-by-week.
  6. @joshp7059 [1 likes]: I just watched this after putting our 2 year old son to be bed. His big sister (who is 5) is sound asleep. This video is very timely!
I agree with everything that Radka said. Early morning sessions are brilliant. They allow me to train and then get to work before the 3pm pick up at daycare.
A military-like schedule is a must to keep me motivated and focused. My wife can book in her exercise and I can get my training done too. I cannot commit to squad trainings as I never know what the day/week may offer such as last week’s fever/cold which knocked out both kids last week...
Nutrition is also vital. Our freezer contains dozens of Heather’s energy balls and healthy pancakes ready to go. We also make a huge container of overnight oats with chia seeds and almond butter on Sunday night to munch on through the week.
  7. @irenahess2096: I have a 3oy and a 7weeker, and the trainer and treadmill while they are sleeping have been my go-to approach
  8. @philipgibsone5351: Such a great video, it really does relate to so many people I know. Radka is so inspiring!
  9. @benitocayupil6430: I have a Dream, I would like my dauther can do this wonderful sport someday
  10. @AceHardy: 🙏🏽
  11. @paulallen579: This lady is absolutely amazing! What an inspiration to everyone!
  12. @bilonidas: Basically what Frodo Said: No more junk miles.

- Why SR-71 Blackbird Pilots Were Required to Have Families!: Kind: captions Language: en The reason state route 71 pilots were required to have a family was not technical but psychological. Flying the world's fastest and highest jet meant extreme danger, secrecy, and stress. The US Air Force believed that men with families were more stable, responsible, and less likely to take reckless risks. A family gave them balance, emotional strength, and a strong reason to stay grounded while performing one of the most dangerous jobs of the Cold War. Hello everyone, welcome back to the World Conflict Monitor channel. Please subscribe to my channel for more in-depth explanations of the world's most mysterious aircrafts, wars, and defense secrets. Today, we are going to uncover a fascinating question. Why did State Route 71 pilots have to have a family? At first, this requirement may sound unusual, even strange. Why would a country like the United States, which had the most advanced aircraft in the world, care about whether its pilots were married or had children? But once we go deeper into the story, the reasoning becomes very clear and it reveals how dangerous, sensitive, and unique the State Route 71 Blackbird really was. The state route 71 Blackbird is one of the most legendary aircraft in aviation history. Designed during the cold war by Lheed skunk works division under the genius of Clarence Kelly Johnson, this jet could fly at speeds above Mach 3 and at altitudes exceeding 85,000 ft. Its purpose was to spy on enemy nations without being caught. It could outrun missiles, radar, and even enemy interceptors. To fly this aircraft was both an honor and a burden because it demanded absolute perfection from its pilots. And that is where the family requirement comes in. The United States Air Force believed that only men with families could handle the mental stress of flying the most secretive and dangerous missions of the Cold War. They needed people who were not only technically skilled but also emotionally grounded. A family meant responsibility, stability, and maturity. From the exterior, the State Route 71 Blackbird looked like something from the future. Its sleek, sharp, needle-like nose, long fuselage, and wide wingspan gave it an almost alien appearance. Built primarily from titanium, it was resistant to the extreme heat caused by flying at three times the speed of sound. The exterior was coated in black paint mixed with radar absorbing iron ferite particles which reduced its radar cross-section and gave it its famous nickname, the Blackbird. Every panel, every rivet, and every joint was designed with precision because at such high speeds, even the smallest imperfection could tear the aircraft apart. For the pilot, sitting in front of this aircraft on the runway was like staring at the edge of human engineering. and the Air Force wanted only the most trustworthy individuals with strong character to sit inside. On the interior, the cockpit was very different from what many might expect today. It was compact, tight, and filled with analog gauges, dials, and switches. The environment was not designed for comfort. It was designed for survival. The pilots wore full pressure suits similar to astronaut suits complete with helmets and oxygen supply systems. Because at altitudes above 80,000 ft, the human body could not survive without them. Communication was limited and visibility was narrow. Inside the cockpit, the pilot and reconnaissance systems officer had to work in complete synchronization. Missions often lasted several hours, and during that time, there was no room for distraction. That is why the Air Force wanted pilots who were stable, disciplined, and emotionally balanced. Qualities that came naturally from having a family life back home. The short interior story is simple. The cockpit was like a space capsule and only someone with a stable. Personal life could handle that isolation and pressure. When we look at performance, the State Route 71 was unmatched in its era. It could cruise at speeds of Mach 3.2, two, meaning it traveled more than 2,000 mph. At this speed, the aircraft's skin would heat up to over 600° F. Most aircraft would melt at this temperature, but the Blackbird was built to endure it. Its engines, the Pratt and Whitney J58 turbo jets, were a marvel of engineering. They worked both as traditional jet engines and as ramjets at higher speeds, giving the aircraft unmatched performance. It could fly across continents in just a few hours, taking detailed photos of enemy installations without ever being shot down. In fact, no State Route 71 was ever lost to enemy fire. This performance made it the crown jewel of American reconnaissance. But it also meant that the pilots were constantly pushing the limits of what was humanly possible. That level of stress required not only skill but also mental resilience and family was considered the anchor for that resilience. Safety features in the state route 71 were not about comfort, they were about survival. The pilot's pressure suits doubled as full life support systems, keeping them alive if they had to eject at extreme altitudes. The cockpit had specialized systems to handle the rapid changes in pressure and temperature. Even the ejection seats were designed to function at Mach 3 speeds, something no other aircraft had attempted. But despite all these measures, the risk was always there. If anything went wrong at 80,000 ft, survival was uncertain. That is why the Air Force looked for pilots who understood risk, who respected responsibility, and who had families to return to. A man with a family was seen as less likely to take reckless chances and more likely to make sound decisions under stress. The unique selling points of the State Route 71 Blackbird were clear, unmatched speed, altitude, and stealth for its time. It could outrun any missile, fly higher than any enemy aircraft, and gather intelligence with cameras so advanced that they could read license plates from 80,000 ft. But beyond technology, its uniqueness also lay in the pilots who flew it. These were not ordinary men. They were carefully selected, highly trained, and required to have families to ensure their psychological stability. In other words, the state route 71 program did not just rely on engineering. It relied on human reliability. And that human factor is what truly set the Blackbird apart. When we talk about price, the State Route 71 was incredibly expensive. Each aircraft cost around $34 million in the 1960s, which would be hundreds of millions in today's dollars. Its operations and maintenance were also extremely costly, requiring specialized fuel, titanium parts, and highly skilled crews. The Air Force invested not only money, but also trust in the men who flew it. That trust is why the family requirement existed. It was not just about the machine. It was about ensuring the pilot was someone dependable, someone grounded in responsibility, and someone who valued life enough to avoid unnecessary risks. In conclusion, the requirement for State Route 71 pilots to have families was not random. It was a carefully thoughtout decision by the United States Air Force. The State Route 71 Blackbird was not just an aircraft. It was a weapon of intelligence, a guardian of national security, and a symbol of Cold War power. To fly, it meant putting your life at risk on every mission, handling extreme stress, and carrying the weight of national secrets. The Air Force believed that only men with families could truly handle that responsibility. Because a family gave them balance, purpose, and the mental strength to survive the most dangerous job in aviation. And that is why state route 71 pilots had to have a family. This explanation shows us that behind every piece of technology, no matter how advanced, there are human beings. The state route 71 was fast, powerful, and nearly invincible. But its success depended on pilots who were grounded in their humanity. And sometimes being grounded simply meant having a family to go home to.

- From U.S. Army Helicopter Pilot to Tech Founder: Charlie Hill's Unique Journey: Kind: captions Language: en the product and Engineering organization it's good to have those two um organizations as the same right I think product and Engineering need to be married to where it's not like some process where you're handing off the road map to the engineering team it's like no they are Miniature product owners the engineers of themselves are helping Drive their road map and say like hey wouldn't it be cool if hey did you think about this this is super easy for us to do this um because they're using the product welcome to Tech teams today I'm Lucas Mendes COO of forell and in today's episode we're thrilled to have Charlie Hill the founder and chief product officer of Harbor join us Harbor is on a mission to help parents like me get more sleep their baby monitors are reliable and secure and that's a very very Noble Mission Charlie thanks for being on that mission first and foremost start Charlie welcome to the show we like to start by having our guests sort of walk us through their background Journey could you tell us how you started out in Tech and maybe expand a bit on how you went from the US Army to becoming a product leader sure uh thanks for having me Lucas uh you know proud to be partners with Rell um so we've been working with your team now for just over a year now and um I think we've done some some pretty good work um yeah so my my path and Tech is pretty unconventional but I I mean I think it's uh I think it should be inspirational for some folks that may be coming from a non-traditional background into Tech into product management and are I'm looking to uh Branch out in their career I I technically am an engineer um but I didn't do a lot of engineering so I I went to school for electrical engineering it was kind of a you know like what what should I do in college type type moment at the same time I was an RTC so I knew I was going into the military this was you know immediately post 911 so um wanted to go serve and so immediately after graduating went straight into the army and ended up flying helicopters for eight years so I FW a aircraft called The kyowa Warrior it's a scout attack helicopter not a lot of people know it most people know the more popular army helicopters like the shinook the Apache the Blackhawk this is kind of the stepchild of Army Aviation so that for eight years did not do a lot of engineering work while while I was in the Army obviously so you know I I had gotten to the point in my career where I had already done all the things that I wanted to do um my aircraft was going away I was going to be riding a desk for a while instead of flying a lot and so I decided it would be a good opportunity to step out but had no idea what I wanted to do so go pursue an NBA and that really was just like a two-year Runway to figure out what do I want to do with my life at the end of that two years came out not knowing what I wanted to do with my life but followed my wife down to Philadelphia she was in a program here so I followed her down here and I was just looking around for you know I was going to go back into Aviation like hey that's what I know I just want to go back into something that I've done before so I was going to go into medac and then I found a small company nearby called Stratus and they like you know why don't I get back into the engineering world so I called up Felicity Mormon who was the CEO actually shot her an email it's like hey I'm I'm the guy I don't know what you need done but I'm the guy so um she she appreciated the enthusiasm and I came on just as a project manager they had a few projects um for and it's an iot company so they build um connected devices think of like Access Control connected thermostats lighting controls things like that and apartment buildings and they had a few projects like in J Japan they had a project with Comcast that they needed just a little bit of uh oversight on so I said hey I can do that so hopped in started uh working with the development teams more start just trying to take on more and more until you know ran out of bandwidth but steadily you know as you learn the ropes your your bandwidth increases some more and so you're able to take on more and just started helping guide the dev teams away from Just Pure Fix It mode into actual feature development trying to get feedback from customers trying to start planning up the road map and I was just making all this up right I mean I was like I I had no idea what I was doing I was just trying to learn as best as fast as I could and um it worked out so I mean I ended up becoming uh essentially Chief product officer there was Chief Innovation and product officer same thing so I wasn't I spent a few years at the parent company on the product side I was the uh VP of smart buildings again doing the same thing so working on Smart tech for multif family complexes and um so continue to learn there and ended up that one of my peers at the parent company another company that gotten bought was also best friends with Kevin lvll my my uh the CEO and co-founder at har and Kevin was trying to solve the problem of baby monitors today are either your old school Legacy systems or they're the phone based systems and there's not a lot of systems out there that marry the two correctly like in in a in a with a good user experience and I was you know I had I have two young boys and so when Mike introduced Kevin and myself and Kevin was like Hey I want to solve this it's like yes me too I'm literally wiring up my house because my I'm not going to name the other brand that thing is unreliable like I wake up in the middle of the night and I have no feed I'm literally running ethernet cords through my attic just so I have a reliable feed um so yes let's let's solve that so we start up in late 2022 been on the path to product deployment which happened this year amazing walk me through a little bit of the process of deciding to go from executive um at a company to being a co-founder because that's a different level of risk that you take on granted it's a it seems like it was a problem that you fell in love with and you thought it deserved attention and effort uh but I'm sure it's not an easy decision to me so anybody that's been acquired knows that there like and you're an executive at the company that got acquired you know what comes with that there's typically golden handcuffs and so anybody that doesn't know this is the way it works parent company acquires the smaller company they don't want all the leadership just to bail because they don't know the product they don't know the company they need the leadership Tock ground so they essentially offer you long-term incentives um the the company real page that I was at that's not a small company they were um actually pulled private by a private Equity Firm for I think 10 billion dollar so uh tomama Bravo the private Equity Firm purchased um Real Page pulled them private with the in the intent to make it even more streamlined more profitable Etc and then take them public and so when I was in 2022 when Kevin was talking to me about this I was sitting on pretty like in a pretty cushy spot I had a great salary I had great long-term incentives but who knew so I'm weighing that Pro side of it which is like stability probable decent payout at the end with the other side of it which is not super excited at being part of a very large organization there's buy there's like oh you know I'm spending half my time on just migrating from one system to another right a lot of a lot of your viewers will have been there it's like like I'm spending half my time migrating from jira over to Azure devops and that's just not where I want to be spending my time and you know at Harbor for instance I abandoned all that by the way I we're just straighten notion we do not run your typical agile process and um a lot of people would consider it like just not agile but um it's it's essentially can ban like that's all I do now it's just like I I just run like hey here's what's up next when you get to it you get to it and we're going to do like what we're working on now on soon what we're working on later and that's it it's not we're not promising like deliverables on certain timelines Etc so anyway like that migration process drove me to like I'm never doing that again and you know the other side of it is just the the upside is lower right so when you're at a parent organization like you know what your upside is whereas the upside with going with something new it's like hey that could be 10x that it could be nothing right there's a little bit of a there's a little bit of gambling there um but also you know I mean look um I was completely in line with Kevin's Vision like when he told me about the problem he wanted to solve and then the other part of which is integrating tele Health into that I was like absolutely that sounds awesome let's go do that and so we took a risk and I've never been a Founder before I've never been a co-founder before and you know and it's a very difficult time too right so 2022 we were coming out of the like hey if you if you have a pulse and you have a cool idea like we're going to you're going to get over subscribed round that's that was not happening in late 2022 like the signs were very clearly written that VC is going to go on a Hiatus for a bit and it was and it still pretty much for the most part is with the exception of like just if you're a pure AI play in 2023 you probably had like pretty good options but anyway all that say is like it was a risk and I just had to take a leap awesome yeah completely empathize with that so I want to change gears a little bit here attorney and want to ask you some questions about leading a technology team engine engineering I want to ask you some questions about leading a product team product and Engineering um before we start can you give our viewers uh an overview of what the structure looks like at Harbor um I mean people you have in product engineering who reports to whom how they're organized yes so everybody reports to me it's a pretty flat organization so I don't have like development managers I like to run a small team whenever was at Stratus my team so anytime we got new investment dollars it's like great I'm going to go buy a new engineer very quickly the water starts to boil and you just don't notice it right so like if you're not hiring additional product management project managers i' call them more as like agile project managers which are people that are just taking the road map and make sure it actually gets delivered um if you're not hiring those along the way like the water is going to boil at some point and you're not going to realize it happened so um I realized that from my past experience at Stratus like I don't want to do that again but I also don't want this just overall bloated product organization I want to have a small nit team so um the the product and Engineering organization which I do think it's important for my personality for not not everybody for my personality it's good to have those two um organizations as the same right at some point they will split out most likely but I think product and Engineering need to be married to where it's not like some process where you're handing off the road map to the engineering team it's like no they are Miniature products owners the engineers of themselves are helping Drive their own map and say like hey wouldn't it be cool if hey did you think about this this is super easy for us to do um because they're using the product um so it's uh right now we're at about 11 I think so we have um four Latin American developers um provided by rll um I have three to four support engineer folks but I'd really consider them more like on the support side and and that's and by the way not every organization needs that many support people the reason we because our product is used at night and so I want to have support 247 well 245 plus weekend um Flex um so it's four Latin American uh Nearshore developers I have four in the United States that's eight total like actual dedicated developers um a QA person myself plus support engineering so all that is like 1314 folks and it's it's very flat and I think honestly that's probably the way I'd like to keep it I I just don't want to get like maybe one more you know um because you just have diminishing returns it's like yeah that developer has a very strong skill set but my ability to feed them enough work in a in a manner that does not lead to wasted development diminishes with every new person I hire It's just tough to pull in product owners and agile project managers like I found that I'm not the best at hiring them I am good at hiring uh the right Engineers though that's a good point right now there's a lot of changes happening right so the AI Revolution economic turmoil uh a couple quarters ago you mentioned the VC changes that happened over the past couple of years are you adjusting the way you manage teams or the way you think about building teams at all yes I find that so I don't use a lot of AI tools and the product management side of it now before like when I was flushing at the road map before we started hiring more folks because I knew what the road map wanted to look like more or less in early 2023 like I was flushing out the and for sure I was using like you could create your own chat GPT thread and be like hey here's what I'm thinking for this feature set can you think of some other user stories like it's very good at that it's very good at um hey how about these other things and it it's still good at that but I I don't use it too much for that anymore because most of that's fleshed out um what I do what I would say is I rely on a daily basis for is not typ casting people into specific skill sets now so um you know I asked Andreas who first hire at Harbor is like hey with like GitHub co-pilot how more effective are you as a developer like are you like 10% more effective he goes no I'm forx he's like hang on let me just make sure I'm not like pulling you on that one let me go talk to some other folks in the team and he's like yeah we're all around four to five x like where we used to be in it's because what they can do is it's just it's autofilling things for them because it knows the code and then like if they want to figure out something in like our our visualization graphing capabilities like metabase or graphon it's like you just say hey I want to do this this is what I have so far what do you think it just spits it out and so it allows people to flex across languages across different infrastructure different tooling just super rapidly and that's that is where I would say I use it the most but it's indirectly right so like all I'm doing is just making sure that I'm not saying hey Omar you are only working on Android now I was never that type of person in any way but it really does allow you to say like what do you want to work on where do you want to feel effective and they're just able to step into it even though maybe they've never done Swift before and now granted we have a lead uh Swift iOS Developer that's overseeing this but yeah other areas I mean the the the C the technology itself has some AI capabilities like inside of the camera but that's not really from like I'm pulling hold camera so there's actually like a vector processor inside of this and so when you saw nvidia's uh stock Skyrocket is because they make the right type of processors that are very capable of AI inside this camera there's actually a vector processes it's very similar um that's not really for like how am I using on a product man perspective but I would say like it's very helpful in fleshing out road maps it's very helpful in fleshing out user stories and even like saying all right now I want you to give me the tasks around these user stories which we don't do anymore at Harbor I just say here's the user story go and Conquer um and it's it's also very good at just providing Flex across the team so that you're as like uh as the engineering manager which essentially is what I am right I'm product manager and engineering manager I'm not having to typ cast people as much as you used to at the same time you said that AI increases the productivity of developers significantly right does it mean that you have to think differently about the profile of the engineers you're going after or the structure of the team so I have a very good friend who's anti- Ai and like he's on LinkedIn talking about AI just memorization and he they have their points right um I think most Engineers are like the vast majority of Engineers are adopting the AI tooling like get up co-pilot primarily um jet brains has its own capability um like every kind of every service now has like its own little plugin but I we use copal the most and it's just incredibly effective so as long as you're not hiring somebody that is like anti that and has used it before or used something like that before I think you're okay because 98% of Engineers going be like I want to be more effective they don't view AI as like taking my job no it makes you more effective like it makes you faster it provides you additional like you stretch in a l that you never touched before just more rapidly so I think as long as you're just making sure that they're not anti that then you're going to be okay because I'm pretty sure like it's almost ubiquitous now that most people are adopting the tooling and what do you say to young people that are thinking about learning how to code today with all the advancements and the tools is it about learning the code is it about learning the concepts is it is it about adding a layer of abstraction on top of that how do you see the future of a career uh in coding let's see I'm trying to think so the background of our folks I have in the US I have two of the folks were formerly trained two of the folks came from a design background and they ended up becoming just amazing Engineers that by the way all the right two two of the folks when you say two two of your engineers came from and two of the engineers came from a design background yeah yeah so um by the way like the the stratus company that I left essentially I had uh in a non-solicitation way asked my a team to come back over and um join Harbor so um and you know I I we we I handpicked the people that I wanted to come start the company with um by the way for Cal founder cial seet folks startup folks like that is a very strong benefit to getting experience in the startup world because your Rolodex for those type of people as long as you have built built credibility with them and like they have had a good experience with you your style of management and Leadership like it's fun to have people be like hey where are you going I want to go there that's a fun experience in the United States so our us-based developers two of them come from a formal background like actual computer science two of them come from a design background and they ended up just like learning it not even through code camps so this is just like self talk type stuff and then Nearshore I'm pretty sure all the I have to go back and review the rums of the folks that um we heard through Reva but I'm pretty sure all of them were formally trained that being said I don't even care about that you know like I don't care about formal training it's are you effective or not and we can screen that very quickly um so the way we do it is like when we're hiring an engineering this is no no secret uh we issue take-home challenges you know it's a code challenge that relates to to our our capability our stack some in some way or whatever you claim on your resume like we'll just give you that so we just have a two-step hiring process screen with me that take-home challenge is now talked about with the rest of the team and then boom you're either hired or we don't we pass try to be quick like yeah you should go to college for that that's a really there's lot of really good programs out there boot camps are still a thing for sure selftaught is very much a thing so you know as like Andreas on my team Olivia on my team both selftaught com from a design background and like I'll put them up against anybody from any organization any day they Olivia I will give her an entire feature set I'll give you an example so the the monitor um Can dual as a digital picture frame so when it's sitting on a countertop um and you're walking past it it's not being used as a baby monitor because it's the middle of the day it has a picture of your family on it and that's an entire market like there are digital picture frames out there they get sold we're like oh well couldn't we do that too like a Samsung frame TV and so I just tell her like hey this is the way I'd like to operate go play around with these other devices make it work and she did the full stack integration so the iOS side the backend side and the Android monitor side and she's self tall so I mean it really doesn't matter what your background is it matters like how hungry are you how how what's your initiative level like are you able are are you hungry are you able to um um get in and just learn as quickly as possible be a sponge and yeah I mean I I do think that there is a hint to like just natural Talent as well and you should be able to learn that about yourself like is this something for you or not I think my question then is how do you screen for that you mentioned the two-step uh screening process but what are the conversations like when you're sitting with your team deciding whether to pass on somebody or to make them an offer how do you screen for that ability to learn and to evolve as a as a professional so that's where I go back to like it's really nice to come from an organization you've already screened those people through real work and then you say like all right I'm moving on and they also are looking for another home and you take the the best it is tough like and especially as your organization grows in size like your ability to hire good quality folks like worldclass folks essentially becomes non-existent so in my experience now I know companies like Amazon they have this policy of like whoever you hire needs to be better than you are or something along those lines like that's that's all well and good it briefs nice it sounds good but there's a reason that larger companies are less efficient um even companies like Google I mean you talked to somebody that works there on the engineering side and I I assure you that it's not like some super streamlined organization so um I I guess that's say it's like it's it's good to come from another company and you're able to like use your network um if you don't have that I would say if you keep the team small it helps higher fast Fire fast so and sometimes like I had to let somebody we did hire bad recently so we're not perfect we hired bad recently um I was talking with the team is like I don't think this is working out I think that the kindest thing to do with this person is to fire them like I don't want to drag this out for months and it's just not the right fit and we're both spinning our Wills we're both getting increasingly frustrated at each other because our expectations just cannot be aligned with what this person is delivering I think the kindest thing here is like hey this been two three weeks this ramp up is not going as we expected this is clearly not the type of person like the other type of people on the team it's just could be us right could be just hey they're not we're not a fit for them either so we say hey we're just going to call it here we're going to like continue to pay you for a little bit here why don't you get back into the recruiting pool and we're going to go look for somebody as well and that person was like yep I feel the same way so um it's like you're not going to be perfect in the hiring process especially if you're if you have the mentality like us Which is higher quick like nobody likes the recruiting processes of like where it's like you go through three four rounds and you're waiting call back for weeks like that's awful you should not treat people like that you should try to have a streamlined process but also have a streamlined process if it ends up not working out and so um Tome challenges are great and having that mentality I think helps a lot so that if you do end up pulling somebody in and then you spend two three weeks with them four weeks with them which is a job interview in itself like that that first period is a bit it's a bit of an interview is have a mentality of like Hey we're not afraid to let somebody go and we're not going to waste six months of their life while we're still working through those decisions so amazing awesome uh we're going to wrap up now Charlie so my last question Charlie what is an opinion that you have as an engineering product leader that sort of goes against the grain of what's considered common knowledge or best practice agile workflows are garbage they're not as efficient they're not as useful as they are made out to be so you know Mike iy who was actually the person that introduced Kevin and myself he used something called notion I love notion it's got its own issues but essentially all I've done in no it's by no means is perfect like you talk to anybody on my team they be like yeah Charlie need to curate the backlog like say like is the back does it seem like a super efficient streamlined process backlog no like I need to I need to go through and curate the backlog but what they're working on now and next is well and um our features are relatively well known and people are buying around those and so all I have is I have here's a list of um teams like generally we have a camera team we have generally our Android work that needs to be done generally again like I don't typ cast People Too Much allow people to flex and I say here's a list of the things that we need to be working on now here's the list of the things we need to be working on next and it's literally to-dos like just check off like there are no tasks there's no subtasks there's no um it is and it's it's pretty efficient so people will have increased full if you're not spending so much time pointing things right pointing poker like how like man I I wasted so much of my life doing pointing poker and working through Sprint planning meetings and these um backlog grooming sessions and I'm not saying that they don't have their own place in a large organization but I think as a small organization you just have to be more Nimble you have to be okay with like here's our to-do list now next later Mike Mike taught me that and um I do think that like so using something like jira which is a beast of a software platform um Azure devops um or boards I think is what it's called and there's plenty of others is just a bit unnecessary um I think that goes against the grain and um I think the other one is that um and I don't even know if this is still a thing anymore but scrum Masters and um agile project managers I think are something that probably should not exist I think that I'm not trying to say like if you're in that role that you know that you shouldn't be in that role what I'm saying is that it can go much wider much broader than that so when I'm looking for and when I do pull a product person in or project manager person they're going to be dual hat so they need to first of all be using the product daily so their QA they need to plan out a feature set and think about future feature sets that we should be working on at the same time they should be capable of making sure that those feature sets that are being worked on now are being delivered in a efficient and effective way and so that's like three people in one and just having somebody that's literally like um making sure that what we're working on on a daily basis is just too micromanager manager and um I I really think that those people would benefit from just a broader view about the product and trying to take ownership of the product and I even encourage our developers and that's it's actually in our um company guide on the engineering hiring process is that each engineer is a miniature product owner and I don't mean miniature and that their opinion matters less I just mean like part of their brain needs to constantly be thinking about like where is this challenged where's the product challenged how could it be better what are some cool things that we should be thinking about how can I advise the product team Charlie for now um on ways that like that maybe they should be thinking differently hey have you thought about these cool things that are super easy for us to do but you have not brought them up I'm bringing them up so I'd say those are the top two but I don't know if they go against a grain anymore but I would tell you like two years ago they did and I really love the conclusion that each engineer is also a product owner I think it's it's something that is not common knowledge it's not common sense I think it's very powerful yeah yeah I mean they shouldn't just be task takers that's the bottom they can't be like task takers that are um getting a a product requirements document handed off to them it should be um they should have constant buying in the process and be using the product daily themselves so that's I will not keep somebody on the team that's not using the product daily and we have people that like you say well Charlie not everybody has kids right but they have pets because they want to keep an eye on on their front porch and so use the camera in that way because no product's perfect we have bugs we have our own issues and the only way to find those outside of like users complaining about them are through the entire team is using the prod it's a very very good point so Charlie how can our listeners stay in touch with you so I don't have a big social media presence myself I I do want to change that that's actually something that I want to break out of my shell a little bit and do more things like this so I think I'll start on LinkedIn there probably X but right now I'm just Charlie Hill on LinkedIn but as far as the company all of our social handles are Harbor sleep so on Ina on X on LinkedIn on meta it's all Harbor sleep so and our website is Harbor really appreciate the partnership with Rell the folks that you guys have helped us Source are absolutely worldclass and I I I Lucas I told you this before but just and I know you don't want to make the the rll plug but there's a few people in our team that you guys source for us from like man I am glad I called that person because we would not be where we were without him so thanks for the partner that's great to hear thanks for your time today Charlie and thanks everyone for watching Tech teams today I'm Lucas Mendes CEO of Rell and I'd like to thank Charlie Hill the CPO and co-founder of Harbor for joining us today personally absolutely love the chat and learned a ton so don't forget to like And subscribe on Spotify YouTube and apple podcasts feel free to chime in with your own thoughts in the comments as well thanks everyone

- From Pilot to CEO: How John Werner is Disrupting Aviation with Pilot John Intl. | Shop Talk #38: Kind: captions Language: en Hey there, my name is Taylor Walden and welcome to Shop Talk with Radiate Prints. This week I'm talking to John Wernern of Pilot John International. 35% of their business is done outside of the country. So this company is sending techs and parts all over the world to help service private jets, military planes, commercial jets, any kind of aircraft you can think of. They help with all of the things outside of the plane. Their job is to help keep it flight ready. During our conversation today, we talk about how Pilot John International got started. And we talk about how they grew so quickly and some of the core things that made that growth possible, like really caring about the customer experience, caring about your staff and making sure that they're well well equipped to do their job and have some good professional development training. And something that was really important to John, which was a CEO coach, and he talks a lot about that and the impact that it's had on him personally and on his business. John shares some great lessons learned from starting and scaling the company over the last eight years. And it's just really fascinating to hear about a business that is so large and is based in Greenville, but a lot of people don't know that it's here and they don't know that the reach that Pilot John International has. Aviation is an old industry and John Wernern is a disruptor in that industry and I really think you're going to enjoy his story and his take on business. If you need custom apparel, t-shirts, hoodies, polos, hats, any kind of branded apparel that you could need for your business or an online store, we're the place to call. You can reach us at radiateprints.com8prints on social media or send us an email to get your order started. info@radiateprints.com. Without further ado, let's get into this episode with John. Did you always dream of becoming a pilot like when you were young or >> I did. Um I was always fascinated by planes flying in the air and how they worked and how pilots were able to control them. So that and um I would say technology were my two biggest passions growing up. uh which led me to where I'm at today. I would say my first real true job was working with my dad on the farm. I've been growing up probably since eight years old. I was working I was working on the farm with him and um driving tractors in the field. I was even driving on the road and going to pick him up at such a young age and probably can't do that now, but I was doing that back then. Um, and then uh on the technology side, I was really passionate in high school with technology and one of our friends uh family had a ISP and >> dialup. I don't know if most people now probably don't even understand what dialup was, but it was dialup internet and you had to um they provided that service to our local community. So I started there um back in high school. Um it was nights and weekends I would get off of school and I would go work with um in the ISP. I was doing tech support. So people would call in um and have issues they couldn't dial in. So I had to troubleshoot what the issues were and what was going on. >> So I uh I started there and then I started working on servers and setting up websites and different things um on the weekends at night. So that was my true first >> my true first job. I mean like yeah I think the interest in technology kind of connects there with like that. Um once you finished your training school to become a pilot, what was your first job like flying? >> Uh first job was uh Pean Airlines. >> Okay. Yeah. >> So was that in North Carolina I guess? >> Uh yeah. Based out of Newurn. Yeah. So I um >> right after school I once I graduated from Purdue I um moved down to Newurn >> and I started as a first officer for Pedmont and I flew there for eight years. >> Oh wow. >> Yeah. So, at what point did you start I guess transitioning to Pilot John? Um, did you have like I guess like did you see something that was maybe wrong that you wanted to fix or did you have like an idea? >> Yeah, it's it's an interesting story. So, I had Pilot John. It was a blog. It was never meant to be really it was never meant to be a business. So, it was a blog back when I started in high school um when I started taking some flying lessons. And >> um I used it during college to post what I was doing and different stories and pictures and photos of stuff while I was flying. >> So, I moved when I moved down here and started flying um at Piedmont. I uh >> I the first couple years I was flying with a captain who was sort of doing this on the side. So, he was concentrating on ground sport equipment. So >> when you look at groundsport equipment, most people don't understand what that is. So when you're sitting on an airplane and you look out the window or you're looking in a hanger, it's all the stuff that's on the ground, >> right? >> And um or it's in the hanger. It's what mechanics need to either maintain it or the ground crew needs to to service the aircraft. So um he was doing that. He was doing buying a little bit and then he was reselling it. And >> after the first couple, he was trying to get me. I flew with him a lot and he was trying to get me to help him. And I was like, you know, I don't know much about anything that's outside of this cockpit. Um, but I do know how to fly an airplane. So, I was like, I'm just going to keep flying the airplane. Um, after a couple years of continuing to talk with him and >> I was like, let me start putting some parts up on my blog. So, I started putting up some parts and equipment and then >> it just kind of grew >> like to sell them online. Yeah. Mhm. And then I started getting people to call me. I started getting people to email me and just started making sales and that's what spurred from spurred from that. >> Wow. >> So were did you ever at any point go into business with him or was this something that you just started kind of doing? >> I flew um it was his business and I worked I worked underneath him. Um I did so for um it was I flew for eight years and then a few years after that um I retired from flying and he took an early retirement from from flying too to run the business. >> It was just um four of us me and him were doing sales. >> Uh we had one service mechanic and we had one accountant and um I could I decided I couldn't do both. Like I >> there was no way that I could do both. So I decided to go ahead and concentrate on it. And then about eight years ago, I ended up purchasing it from him so he could retire. >> And at that time, we were four people. So I had to figure out how do I how do I grow this? I couldn't keep doing this myself. >> Okay. So eight years ago, you guys were four people. >> Yeah. Four people. Yeah. And today we're just about 50 people um across three different locations. >> What changes did you make once it was kind of you at the helm? Uh first was um I needed more space. Uh we we were out of Newurn. We were that's where our main service facility was was out of Newurn >> and I needed more space and I needed salespeople. Um so I ended up hiring um one salesperson >> and uh she's still with us today and then we um there was a building here in Greenville on Charles that we ended up buying. Okay. Okay. >> And we moved into that building to start expanding more people and and some more space. >> What made you um choose to continue doing business in eastern North Carolina? So, you said you're from like Indiana. >> Yep. Um this is the roots of where the business started. >> Um and um I do love it here. I think it's Eastern North Carolina is awesome. Um I was tired of the cold weather too of growing up in Indiana and all the snow. Um, but it's it's an awesome area and great people. >> And um, what made you want to go from Newburn to Greenville? >> Um, just the just the college atmosphere. I when I was first started and moved here, um, I love the college atmosphere, the town and everything that was expanding here in Greenville. >> Okay. So, you got here and you hired your salespeople. Um what at that point in time were you offering the whole catalog that you guys offer now or was it more like a limited? Sure. So we we grew up on GSSE that's what we do really well as ground sport equipment and it wasn't until co I think co when I look back co was sort of a turning point >> to I mean that really impacted traveling and flying and people connecting and >> and we didn't really know what was going to happen to to the industry or what was going to come out of it. >> And at that point we I started pushing our team to to say what else does our customers need. Mhm. >> Um, so we started looking at, okay, mechanics, what else do they need? What else can they use while they're using the GSSE or what do they need while they're maintaining the aircraft? And then we started spanning into um avionics test equipment. So any test boxes and things that mechanics need while they're testing the avionics to make sure they're um certified on the ground. Uh we expanded into consumables, so fluids and hydraulics and oils and that sort of stuff. Uh we started adding additional um aircraft parts um and then pilot supplies too. >> So it sounds like to sell this stuff you'd have to kind of know a little bit about what you're selling, right? I mean did you have to find employees that were wellversed? >> So right now in our company we have two pilots in our company out of everybody. >> Um we do have um in our service center we we've we hire quite a few of um veterans from the military. um down in Newburn and they have some experience of maintaining and working on the equipment, >> but other than that um everybody that has come in has really um we trained from the ground up. >> So um on all the equipment and um how we sell and how we deal with customers. >> So we've we've you don't have to have >> aviation experience to join. >> That's cool. >> Yeah. >> So you mentioned like the service department in Newburn. Um, do you actually like work on planes or equipment there or is that like a testing? >> Yeah, so we um in Newurn we don't work on aircraft. So we just work on ground support equipment. So we work on the tugs, the jacks, the toe bars, anything the mechanic would need to fix an aircraft. >> Okay. >> So we repair it, we repair customers um equipment and we overhaul it to make it brand new. >> Um and then resell it. And um and then also that's our distribution center. So, we house all of our equipment and um ship things from there. >> And then we're also expanding into calibration >> this year. So, >> any of the GSC equipment or aircraft tooling that mechanics would need calibrated to make sure they fall within tolerances um we will start calibrating that this year. So, it'll be an another service offering to our customers. Yeah. >> So, for someone listening who doesn't know exactly what calibration is, could you explain a little bit what that means? >> Yeah. So each there may be gauges um or different tooling that mechanics would use and there are set parameters that as you're doing testing that they have to fall within to make sure it's calibrated to because you don't want a mechanic using a tooling or a piece of tool that um doesn't work right or the the readings are giving erroneous readings to them. So you want to make sure the mechanics want to make sure it's within standards. So we will bring the tooling in or the gauges and we'll make sure they're within standards and through the certification we we will do that in Newurn. >> Oh, gotcha. >> How did you identify that as like a new market to go after? Well, I would say that um with with everything that we do, we're always looking at the customers and who our customer base is and what do they need? What do what are what can we do to make their lives easier, >> And that was a to me that was a natural progression into doing calibrations. It's a very niche thing and not a lot of people know how to do it. So bringing that service offering in house is we're selling the equipment, we're servicing it, and now we're doing the calibration to make it easy for them because so they can maintain the aircraft and not um not have to worry about >> going somewhere else, >> right? And I mean over the last eight years, like going from four to 50 employees, like that's very impressive growth. Would you say that that idea of trying to make the customer's life e easier has always been a part of pilot John? >> Uh from day one um from using technology for everything that we do um but also instilling it throughout all of our team members of how do we continue making our customers life easier while they maintain the aircraft. >> What are some ways that you guys do that? Um, I would say distribution would be our first. That's our biggest thing that we do is distribution and making sure we have the equipment. Um, when mechanics or um pilots need a piece of equipment, they need it now so we can make sure same day get it out, it's in stock >> um at our facility. And then also providing that support or that knowledge base from our service from our service team >> on going to fix the equipment. We we do go out um on site to people's hangers and and fix equipment too. So we're traveling throughout basically throughout the world to fix equipment on our service techs. >> Um >> so you have texts that travel like I mean far beyond eastern North Carolina to do that. >> Yes. Um throughout the United States and we just had some text get texts um get back from um it was uh St. Martin town of the Caribbean. Yeah. Um, so when it comes to like the type of aircraft that you work on, is I don't know if it's easier to ask, is there any type that you don't work on or is there a certain type that you do? >> It wouldn't be there. It would be all the equipment. All the equipment. Yeah. And most everything um that any of the equipment that we work on touches pretty much any type of aircraft. >> So, kind of back to, you know, you said distribution and how you want to make sure that they get it like as quickly as possible. Would you say that in your industry that there are other companies that maybe that's like where they struggle? I guess like is that something where you guys are different than your competitors? >> Yeah. So, we I would say we when when I started this um when I started Pilot John and and the blog and doing e-commerce, it was kind of a new way businessto business purchasing um is kind of our core what we do to working with businesses. I found it very antiquated. I found it very difficult on how businesses work together and in what they do. So as we were continuing to grow and expand is how can we use technology to >> um increase the efficiencies of the business and make it easier to purchase >> because when they need equipment they need it now, >> Um they can't wait. So that was a big part in in what we do to this day is making sure we can continue doing that. >> Okay. And then you know as you have grown I guess over the last like eight years >> what would you say has been the biggest factor in your growth? >> I would say two things. Um one technology. we we never uh since I've continued to have a passion for any technology and new things that are happening is to continue innovating in what we're doing across all the teams and how we um make things more efficient or how we're interacting with the customers. I would say that and then the other aspect is um I met uh Rich Ballot here locally. It was about five years ago and started talking with him and um he mentioned a coach and I was like never knew a CEO needed a coach, right? Um I always thought athletes like Michael Jordan's needed a coach. >> Um but as I got talking with him um >> it it was a real thing and I ended up um working with um his um coaching group, CEO Coaching International um and decided to get a coach and um I've had him for the last four years. um has been a tremendous help in what we do um internally and externally for the business and has gotten me to look forward in the business. And he was he was really the first person that brought my core team together to really sit down >> and start planning ahead and what we need to look forward to, what we're what we're going to do in the future um and start develing some goals around it. So with him coming on board has been a huge impact to what we're doing. Yeah. >> Rich came on the podcast maybe like four months ago and part of his episode he talks all about his CEO coach. So it's really cool. Um what would you say are some of the things I guess if someone's listening and they don't know anything about CEO coaches? >> What are some of the things that your coach does like practically to help? >> He holds me accountable. I think that's the biggest thing is um setting goals to what we're wanting to achieve, where we're wanting to go. really look forward. I mean, growing up in the business, I was doing a lot of the business, >> but now me as being a CEO, looking ahead, what is our vision? Where are we going in the business? And that's this that's what I I need to set that for the rest of the team, where we're going. And also using our our team members to help me >> get that trajectory going. >> Um, and what has been the experience, what has worked, what h what hasn't worked in the past. um and his experiences um we all make mistakes as a CEO and we learn we have to learn from them and grow from that. So um using him as a sounding board or past experience has been a lot of help. >> Yeah, definitely. And looking back over the course of pilot John um what would you say is one of the biggest challenges that you encountered as you grew? >> The biggest challenge I would say was um finding and hiring the right people. And still to this day, we still run up against that. And um if we find when we find the right people, um making sure they have the resources, they have the knowledge, they have the training to continue expanding and growing. And um a couple of our core leads, they still use um my coach, so they're still working with them. The CFO still works with them. And our director of operations has been working with him for the past six months to a year one-on-one. And I think using those resources have continued to help expand our team and help us continue to grow. >> So it sounds like y'all are big believers in like professional development like with your employees. >> Huge. >> Yes. >> Um outside do you do anything outside of your CEO coach? Like any programs or anything that you enroll them in? >> Um CEO coaching is my main >> my main program that I'm in. >> You know with AI kind of on the rise, how are you guys utilizing that at Pilot John? There's one thing that I have fully embraced with our team and it's something that um I don't want us to get left behind and really pushing our team on how we can use it internally to really improve our efficiencies and our decision making on things that we need to be doing and things that we don't need to be doing. Um and also looking at ways how it can increase um our customer service and our customer satisfaction >> um with our current customer base. Um, but it's a lot of people are scared of it and it's something that I am making sure our team is not scared of it >> and how they can use it efficiently in their day-to-day in their jobs. >> How do you make sure that your employees aren't scared of it? >> One way is communicating with them. And I and I know there is some employees that are definitely scared of it, >> but it's I have promised our team that um the current team that we have, I'm not out there to want to replace >> replace them. It's how do we make their jobs more efficient? How do we increase what they're doing um in their dayto-day? Um, so AI has been a huge currently a huge help across all of our teams and we're going to continue looking at ways we can continue expanding it and using it um across all of our departments. >> What would you say is the most impactful thing that you guys have started using AI for? >> The most impactful I would say would be um just quickly analyzing data. data has been a huge part of what we do >> and it does take a while to go through and analyze it but now we can quickly analyze it. We can quickly start making decisions even quicker >> um about what we need to change what we need to do or do we need to go to new direction >> so that has really helped a lot of our teams. >> That's awesome. And you know looking back over your career or even just specifically Impil John is there like one small thing that you or the company has done that's made a surprisingly big difference >> I would go back to coaching I think that has been my one thing that I when I look back has really um changed the way I look at business and how I should be leading the teams and how we should be improving and looking forward um as a as a CEO. Yeah. >> Okay. And if you could go back in time and give your younger self one piece of advice, what would it be? I >> think if if as I look back, I would say it would be stay open to new ideas, continue learning. And um you'll never know where life will take you or what opportunities will be available to you. Because if I look back and I would have never jumped in to put ground sport equipment on my blog that I started, >> right, >> I wouldn't be here today. Um or if I had a or if I went a different direction, if I took air traffic control, I would be somewhere totally different. >> Um so never never give up and never stop learning. >> That's good. >> And when you're not working, um what would you say are some like hobbies or things that you do for fun that kind of recharge your batteries? I love to travel. Um especially international travel. It allows me it allows me to um explore new things u meet new people um experience different cultures. Gets you out of your normal daytoday um and what we're used to here um in Eastern North Carolina. >> What is your favorite place you've traveled to recently? >> My favorite place is southern France. I I absolutely love love it. It's beautiful. The food is awesome. Um, the people are are very awesome, too. And I think that's probably one of my favorite places I've been. Yep. >> I feel like the French kind of have a uh what's the word? Maybe they're like known for not being super kind. So, it's interesting that you said that the people there. >> I've never you never encountered that. >> Never encountered that. And I mean, I've I've been trying to learn French over the last few years. And I think you have to really start by saying hello. instead of greeting them in their language. >> Um, and being open to you're going to make mistakes when you're visiting a new place, a new culture. >> You're going to feel stupid. I've done it multiple times, but that's you're going to learn from that and you're going to experience new things. >> And if someone was coming to visit Eastern North Carolina for the very first time and it was your responsibility to take them out and show them things, where would you take them? >> I would say the beach. um in eastern North Carolina. That would be my second place where I go to just relax, to enjoy our beaches here um to recharge. >> And if someone wanted to connect with you or learn more about Pilot Sean, how can they find you guys online? >> Uh the best place is my LinkedIn. Just go to my LinkedIn profile, send me messages. I'd be glad to connect with you and um help anybody. >> Cool. Well, thank you so much, John. I really appreciate you coming on and talking more about Pilot John. >> It's a really fascinating story. Yeah. >> And thank you for tuning in to this episode of Shop Talk with Radiate Prince. We'll see you next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aknopic: Jon and the whole crew at PJI are awesome. I’m a big fan of theirs personally and professionally.

- Jason Talley, Owner and Pilot - The upgrade to AVANCE L3 was 100% worth it!: Kind: captions Language: en First and foremost, I'm a pilot love flying. Also, I'm the chairman and CEO of Baker's Burgers. I've bought many things in aviation and my general rule of thumb is if it doesn't make you go higher or faster, um I don't do it, but the upgrade to the L three advance plus system 100% worth it go go represents the unique trifecta of reputation, service quality and price point. It just makes sense for me. Downtime for me is a big concern. And when I was taking a look at upgrading from the A TG 5000 to the L three advanced plus AA upgraded my system in five or six days. My first flight away. I was just shocked at again how beneficial it was. I couldn't believe it. I did not appreciate how much better the L three advance plus was than my A TG 5000 night and day. I, I use that term when I talk to some of my friends that are considering it. I'm like literally I was in the dark before and now it's like sunshine all around. The only regret I have is that I didn't do it earlier. Because it is that much better.

- From Air Force Pilot to Software Founder: How Justin is Using Technology to Help 100 Business Owners: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's going on ladies and gentlemen it's Michael Dy back at you guys and girls with the real 1% where we talk to all people in the military community that transitioned one day from active duty Reserve National Guard into the civilian life so today we have Justin who is the former Air Force weapons system officer or uh pilot he's uh also in the he also is a air liaison officer in the air guard and he is a founder of a software company designed to help other online coaches consultants and course creators Justin's goal goal is to help 100 business owners owners with this new software within the next year pretty aggressive goal was great he is passionate about helping others and believes that his software can make a real difference in people's lives he's has two uh two combat deployments we'll have to ask him about the best mission in a bit and he also has a personal development he is a personal development Enthusiast and has a brand called another Average Joe so without further Ado Justin how you doing today hey Michael uh doing good thanks for having me on no problem man thanks for joining me so I got to ask you did tell me that you were in RC through college is that something that you thought about doing since you were a young boy joining the military and flying or was it something that just came about as you got older yeah so I was um really influenced by September 11th I think a lot of people you know my age uh were and um that happened when I was in like middle school and so I did um army Junior RTC in high school and kind of got you know had some mentors and stuff they're like hey you know you should go the RTC route in college um you know get your degree and that's kind of you know how I got started um I actually didn't have like a strong military family history background or anything like that prior to joining so what what college did you end up going to uh so I went to NC State so did that wolf pack Wolf Pack right exactly go pack yeah and so I did that uh uh aerospace engineering there took the fifth year you know I I remember showing up the first day and they were like you know asking every what their major was they said oh airspace engineering they're like we're just going to put you down for five years I was like oh does it really take five years it does so oh damn um yeah uh but it was it was cool um and then I actually wasn't sure what I wanted to do like when I first joined I I uh kind of unique um in terms of like joining the Air Force I'd never flown like not even on a commercial plane yeah and so I'm like you know scholarship Cadet already you know um took the oath of enlistment technically into RTC or whatever and uh never been on an airplane and um was said I was either want to be engineer or fly and then I got a chance to fly in like the back of a tanker refueling f-15s and I was like I want to fly so so let me ask about that because I'm sure that's is that competitive basis like don't only the top percentage get to get get into that uh field or how's that go yeah so there's a couple different uh routes you could go I was a uh a backseater so all that training takes place at Pensacola um and yeah it's really competitive there was 22 people in our class and uh we had actually an unusually uh large number of people but we had four people get strike Eagles out of our class uh most classes had like two to three was kind of average so we got um just a slightly better drop uh but we had four four of us from there like that got um strike Eagles and then there's a number of trainings you go through after that to kind of get through fighter fundamentals and then onto the actual platform training itself it's about a two and a half year process to go from like brand new lieutenant to um your first operational Squadron is a the Strike Eagle what does that mean uh Strike Eagle is the nickname given to the f-15e the two- seat version that does air to Air and air to ground okay so when you in flight school like you said you never flown never flown commercially never been on a plane how was that like all when you start doing all the G training obviously you probably do it on the ground at first like in the simulator or whatever but even still I mean I'm not one for roller coasters so I can only imagine I I I as much as I would want how badass that is I would like I don't think I could do it I don't know that's just me I get I get sick in the car man so from coming from someone that went through it how was that training and how was that like force for you yeah so you start out in like a trainer jet um or well it's it's not even a jet it's a a prop plane that's called the T6 um and yeah I mean I I I actually did struggle with air sickness for a while uh I remember my first uh like you when you're in training uh if you get air sick they make you go see the flight doc just because they want to make sure like there's nothing going on that would prevent you um you know from not adapting or whatever and so I went I went three times in a row and the flight doc was like what do you want to fly and I was like if 15s and he was like are you sure about that and I was like yeah um and so you know over the years I kind of developed some techniques from other people that had struggled and over overcame air sickness um but but yeah so it's it's definitely adapting to a new environment on top of you know learning a whole you know a whole bunch of new aircraft systems and knowledge so wild dude I don't know if I could adapt on that one man but I guess it's like the same thing that maybe people say about like Get Growing sea legs like dude I think I'd just always be seasick man but you never know what was the hardest part about schooling for you all those two and a half years um I don't know I think you know I definitely did struggle with air sickness um I'd always done well like academically so you know that it was just the gaining like the the airmanship there's really no like replacement for you know time in in the seat flying you know where you Sims or ground training like nothing replaces the experience that you have you know I I look I can look back at you know now and say for sure like I left active duty with a th000 total hours 400 combat hours kind of thing so um I can see like that you know I I finally felt I will say I finally felt comfortable uh in the jet after you know four uh whatever four years in my off Squadron uh so about six and a half years total I finally you know felt like I was a place where I was the new guy if you will all the time I was you bit more senior and and just felt you know really comfortable around the the aircraft and the mission sets that we kind of train to um but obviously it's something that kind of changes all the time so that's the biggest thing it's just keeping up to date so what was your thoughts when you first started hearing about your your first deployment uh we knew it was going to happen um so like at the time we were uh catching the tail end of uh o operation inherent resolve like Iraq and Syria counter Isis type stuff um and so we were on kind of a rotation once it was like you know there's always at the time there was always one strikey old Squadron deployed for six months at a time it just it just cycled through the ones that were um State side and then you know so you knew kind of when it was coming up yeah you already you already in the shoot like before you got back in the next time you already ready to go again so where you um what was like one of the craziest missions that you could that you could talk about you remember doing yeah so one of my coolest ones actually so my first deployment was 1718 that was um o uh mostly and Siri the second deployment have a pretty cool story so um second deployment was a little out of out of cycle if you will we got um uh this was like 2019 right before I got out we were um we got activated on what used to be called the Global Response Force so uh ironically tensions were high with Iran which is you know kind of happening again um and uh they they had ordered an additional Fighter Squadron over to the Middle East to kind of plus up what was going on uh so we got sent over on like short notice deployment we showed up and then within days I don't remember the exact number of days of getting there um Iran shot the Navy drone down the international waters yeah yeah so we we like we got active I mean we're already there but we got like tasked at that point to start flying like defensive counter a missions um in the straight of straight of her there so like I flew the first mission from our Squadron they got like activated to go do that and we were basically escorting the Navy ships as they're transiting back to the straight um providing cover for them so that's pretty that's pretty cool I was actually in Dubai when that was going on I was like yeah they shot the Drone down and they were getting little pirat piracy over there man it's going a little crazy at first so that's cool did you ever do like any joint Ops like flying whether countries like did you guys fly with the UA or something like that when you were over there doing that or just by yourself no it was it was just us in the Navy so like yeah no never multinational in that sense but yeah joint like with the Navy were you do would you take off and land on an aircraft carry or on the or like on a flight line like on no we take off yeah we just take off from a base there we're in the U yeah in the UAE um at daa the the Big Air Force Base there yeah big yeah yeah that that's because yeah I remember that I remember that like like yesterday but yeah crazy times what um what's something that what did you start thinking about like getting out of the military was if after your two deployments and like what that what that plan on your mind kind of look like yeah so I um I was already starting to work on that like before we deployed the second time so okay I actually I found out that I was approved to go into the guard um via program called Palace Chase uh which is essentially like you can trade active duty commitment for uh additional commitment into the guard okay um so I found out that I got approved the same day I deployed or this not the same day but the same day I found out I was deploying really it was kind of like an up and down um so I did that second deployment came back and then had just really a few months before I got out uh like about six months before I got out um so it was very you know felt very rushed but at the same time i' had been kind of prepping and mentally like ready to get out uh for a while how do you figure like overall transition out of the service was like from you know going to the Taps classes or I'm not sure if they call that uh the same thing in the Air Force but you know like going through all those classes and then just like transition out did you did you seem like that you struggle with something or the process was fine but you said it was kind of fast so what was your take on that yeah at they were at the time they were switching to like making folks do the Taps class uh further out which is good um because I remember like I think you could schedule it like I don't know pretty close to your actual separation date which now I think you have to do a year out and it it it's it's useful but at the same time I mean I remember getting a checklist from the the person and like no you know nothing against the tabs instructors but this this guy was like retired E8 or E9 and then went straight to this job and I was like well what do you know about working in the civilian world you know that's we got we got a checklist and it was like it was a budget it was like a spreadsheet of of how to do your budget and one of the line items was pager and I was like what year is this you know like this is 2020 pag getting out we're giving out like spreadsheets with pager budgets oh man yeah it it just it's you know it and there's places I'm sure that um have caught up and done better in the time but yeah I mean it was kind of a check the box type thing um but it gave me an opportunity to do like networking and and additional kind of stuff on my own in addition to just going to the classes like uh did you ever talk to like any people that were getting out before you or were you did you see yourself as like kind of one of the people that were getting out first like because it's hard man um you know you're around people that are going to keep going to fly or keep going to the dag or keep going to the range and like you're over here ready to go to the reserve but that's probably not going to be your your full-time so at the same time you trying to make this transition It's Kind it's definitely hard to do it by yourself and um there are resources and stuff like out there but it just depends on your mind State too A lot of people might be like ready just to go and don't take full advantage of what's offered or you know might some people say a lot of people say it's so much information a little bit of time or they talk about this like or even like you said um they have people that retired whatever but they never did nothing and so that'd be like having someone teach on entrepreneurship but never had a business how are you teach but you never did it you know the material you're teaching the material that's on black and white but you're not telling me from previous exper you're not telling me the real world scenario you know what I mean like you said beeper I mean come on now so like what did you do to try to um you know make sure you set yourself up for Success after you saw like the shortcomings of the program or was it I mean you start six months out so I guess you had a little bit of time to adjust but like what did you what did you do for yourself did you just start figuring it out like uh what exact you wanted to do or how'd that go yeah I mean I had a general idea of what I wanted to do and I you know I also took kind of advantage of the skillbridge program so a lot okay um you know there's there's some changes going on to that today um kind of across all the Departments but at the time it was pretty easy for me to get a skillbridge so actually skillbridge did a skillbridge internship for a nonprofit um called Elite meet and the purpose of them is to help special ops and fighter pilots uh transition to the military so um I was helping them like on kind of like a staff role but at the same time also you know able to help my own kind of like networking and job search um so I did that for about two months um kind of full-time uh you know for those that don't know just look up skillbridge it's really a great thing if you you know you can um do that before you get out I I really encourage everyone to Do It um but yeah I think that definitely helped because it kind of allowed me the breathing room okay I'm not day in day out like in the mindset of you know being at the Squadron and like you said the I was I was definitely probably one of the earlier folks uh getting out especially for um the pilots that have a longer commitment the front seaters than the back seaters so like they're not I mean they can't get out um and so yeah I mean just kind of getting out of that environment um definitely help the mindset piece of it and then for me I also knew like where I was going to live that kind of thing we had kind of that aspect figured out with my um wife and family so we knew like okay I'm you know I'm going here and then I'm kind of looking around the area slash at the time remote that kind of thing okay so I I got a question to ask you about working with all the different fighter pilots in the special Life Community what's one thing that you seem to find out that like uh was there a majority of people struggling with the same thing common denominator essentially or was it a little bit of everything you know um because you're coming from such a t i mean even anyone that's in the military that's charged with these big you know run facilities or run operations at a young age whether it's a pilot whether it's uh you know class one whether it's SSA like there's people that are you know in leadership positions at 18 19 20 years old you know what I mean and um I'm just curious to hear what your take is on like the community or or even what you struggle with us being a pilot and coming off although you're still in like National Guard but is was there something that stuck out to you yeah I think it was just not like not really thinking about your post-military uh career while you're in because I really didn't up until about a year out which that's true you know you need to focus on your job when you're in um but everyone's going to get out eventually right like whether you get out at 20 years or whether you get out it for your first commitment up like everyone's going to get out EV and so I think breaking that like stigma of you know you shouldn't have any plans like okay even if you do 20 years you're not I mean you're you're still going to do something after that right like you're not going to do nothing and just sit at home for the rest of your life hopefully you're not yeah hopefully not yeah so that that's one thing that I think you know people um struggle with because you know a lot of folks either thought they were going to do this forever when they got in or they didn't really think about it at the time and then the the issues were kind of 5050 in terms of you know a lot of guys that were retiring kind of knew where they were going to go but they didn't know what kind of job and then the other folks that you know didn't know where they were going to go seemed like they knew the types of jobs but then it was like okay what you know where am I going to move based on the job I want uh so those are kind of you know unique challenges that I only kind of struggle with the one side of you know I want to live here and then what's job versus I know you know I want to do this job and I'm willing to move to one of the locations that would have that kind of thing yeah it's kind of crazy to pack everything up too and move across country or something like that so all all that on top again the military and like either waiting for it like it's different I guess you're right though you gotta like have a job like lined up before you get out and I even even I did that at first but it was like a I was a a travel job so like that might not always work out if something happens in life what if your parents get sick what if you got a kid on the way what if you know what I mean like life life happen so even if you have that plan a like I I got screwed and had to make several other adjustments and went through like a whole bunch of different jobs and stuff like that and yeah man it's it's definitely tough because you know in the military they make it easy for you just to get up and you go do your job so your you don't really I think they're trying to catch on and stuff like that I've talked to a couple other veterans that have like some contact with like the new the new Commander I guess or like the new that's for Soldier for life and I think they're like trying to change the narrative and like put more effort into it now but which is good but like even when went I don't blame the Taps program essentially like because like there probably was like boots to business or like you know DOD skillbridge and there are um like like Boeing has fellowships and all these all these they're out there but it's just not talked about a PT formation exactly you you know what I mean like it's out there but like you can't really if people are get getting out like when you're in fight or flight when you get out and you're worried about making ends meet you're not thinking about the tennis camp have in San Diego for disabled vets you know what I mean mean like but yeah you know no that that's 100% so the two biggest networking things I found out about was the the nonprofit that I worked with and Bridge Elite meat yep yeah and both of those things I found out about from um we have a Strike Eagle like Facebook group for you know everyone has ever flown and it was there's you know a couple of retired guys in there that do a really good job of like people opportunities and and I remember the post he made he was like you he literally said you won't hear about this at the you know Squadron commanders call and it's true they're not worried about that they're worried about giving me the sit rep for what's going on right now that's what I'm saying like there needs to be yeah you're right though like you said it doesn't matter like if you're in for three years or 30 there needs to be forward progress on the tops even at the FRG or whatever like they need to have a bulletin board like next to the career counselor bulletin board they need to have like something that has like what they have for people if you choose to get out it's okay if you don't sign up but here's what we have to get out they don't put all that stuff on Front Street like that you know they they want us in essentially the you know the bigger they have numbers they have quota you know what I mean it's like but like you said there's always life after the military and it's crazy to hear it from people that do like 30 years in like I did eight years you did probably like eight 10 years so it's like we're mid mid career soldiers maybe we're not around those people but for people like 30 years or what about people that gets hurt when Bic training they just like get kicks in the curb and they T you've heard I've heard it all man heard it all so what um what do you think helped you the most like when besides those programs like was it just planning on your part to like figure out like make a plan like you said okay I know I want to be here and get a job around here you can't just like think it's gonna show up to your plate you know what I mean like what was it for you besides those two programs that like kind of put you over the edge for succcess yeah I mean I think it's just like you it's just committing right like when I you know when I was you know sitting in that flight Talk's office being asked if I wanted to fly 15s because I got ear sick you know and I I said yes like it's the same thing like once I you know told the commander put the paperwork in to get out like I'm getting out and I'm gonna make this work so that kind of mindset and that approach you know there's that's the way you have to look at it is I'm not you know I'm committed to this this course of action I'm not turning around so that helps yeah mindset is mindset is everything but you're right about that so like two-part question what's your software company about and how do you want to help the 100 businesses in the next year yeah so it's um it's called Wonder system and it's a an all-in-one sales and marketing platform um and really kind of that kind of came about because I my brand has evolved over the years so I got out in 2020 originally was focused on helping better um it was actually called another Average Joe and then I real I kind of shifted it to not another Average Joe uh moved away from the veteran only space and more into personal development um I you know was using this software on my own to kind of like manag my own uh stuff looked into the coaching aspect of things and then realized actually like the software side uh more than the coaching aspect and kind of pivoted again into the software um so really the goal is to you know get this software out and allow you know companies to use it or you know it's really designed for like this you know small business so entrepreneur that just needs like one piece of um software really one system that can like connect everything and just allow them to um not to have to have all these different subscriptions and like connect everything together um and that's that's how I want to help so how can someone find you if they're interested in doing that yeah so just uh wonders system.co is the website for that um or just reach me on my personal or kind of my brand Instagram page is uh notore not umore another aore Joe um so not another Average Joe is kind of the I I run everything centrally through that but okay how long you been do how long you been going that that for uh so I started that Facebook page or that Instagram page sorry in like 2020 um but uh I just started the software sales uh beginning of this year how been going for you uh it's been going pretty good uh just slowly kind of gaining you know uh a few clients here and there uh really focusing on kind of building it out into like a software that people can take and you know use for themselves like working on like onboarding you know processes and getting all that kind of stuff in place so that uh folks can really just hit the ground running with it man you got to get out to the uh military influencer conference it's like November 7th I think to the 10th in uh no Las Vegas but um and they got like should be good because you're going to be around you know just another place to like uh Network and stuff like that there's another one I can send you a link on it's it's through ibmf so it's like through Syracuse University Institute of veterans and military families I don't know if you're familiar with them but um they have a program called like veterans Edge and it's like a networking event for entrepreneurs man it's like next year I send you the link but it's next year in Dallas it's great man you get around people you know exchange information and you never know like I don't know like you could get they got people doing government contract they got you know doing everything there you know so it's just I don't know if you ever heard of them but I like to tell people about them that are in the same head space so you ever heard of them or no uh I've heard of ibmf I hadn't heard of that part of it I've done the they like onward opportunity thing for like and stuff when I was getting out how's that though talk about talk about that real quick because is that for like all like the It stuff or how's that go uh yeah they've got a bunch of it ones but then they also have PMP so I did the PMP one I never ended up taking the exam but I did all the training for it so yeah it was definitely super helpful you know it's it's free yeah absolutely dude and that thing's like thousands of dollars if you go to like an academy or a school for it they got another one called entrepreneurship boot camp for veterans and like you should look into that one too because you're entrepreneur and you're doing your thing and that's another thing it's like it's like a little crash course you do a little bit of online portion like 21 days and then it's like a 10 days in person and then like follow on support and like you know just networking and the connections they have man is is amazing dude you know what I mean so I always like to talk about them because I've had really nothing but good uh experiences with them dude like seriously it's it's and it's like mostly they they take care of you and and you know you could you're one person you're one relationship away or one conversation away from taking your business to the next level we all are really you never know you know what I mean so a man that's good what what um what do you see yourself like what do you see the biggest like choke points are for you in your business like right now yeah right now I mean I'm really in the stage of just like getting it known and getting it out there um you know I I look at it and I say okay you know I spent a year using the software I I kind of have taken it um added more to it you know created my own version essentially and you know I'm I'm less than either into it so I'm really early still I I I you know I tend to think in like longer time Horizons so um you know my goal is is is now to use it and like build um really just build in the foundation so that when it's like you said when I have that um you know connection or everything clicks and like the scaling happens I don't want things to to break I want there to be like a solid foundation for um you know getting new new customers on boarded you know I'm really much more um product focused and experience focused than I am like the marketing side of things like oh quick buy my thing you know um I'd rather and and like you know test it out with a few people you know get feedback that kind of thing and and uh working the Partnerships and Affiliates that's another thing I'm doing uh right now that seems to be working pretty good um is just building those relationships with folks like both online and locally I'm getting involved in my my local chamber of of Commerce and all that kind of stuff so yeah there you go you on the right track how can how can I try to help you um yeah I mean biggest thing is just uh you know spreading the word uh again you know having me on the podcast is is a great way to do that uh that kind of thing so um yeah I mean that's you know for anyone just kind of starting out who is you know thinking about you know I want to sell something online or I want to you know offer a service really it's this isn't um not this isn't really for like e-commerce or physical Goods uh more in the service side of things but if they're kind of just starting out like this is a great place to start um because my my idea that I've kind of told some other folks too is like I want this to be literally like you need something to sell this software and a stripe account and like you can you can sell um and that's kind of the the how simple I want to make it for folks that's so not like not clothing something that but you maybe like like services like plumber electrician stuff stuff along those lines Lawn Care stuff like that all Ser all service industry related yeah certainly I mean I'm more focused on like the online service businesses but you know if uh if there's local service businesses as well uh you know I do work um with the local like businesses through the chamber um and you know for those like my local community I'm willing to do a little more in terms of like meeting with them in person and that kind of thing obviously you know if you're if you're a plumber like halfway across the country I'm not going to like meet you in person to to do this um kind of thing no my bad my bad I think I miss fok on that so you want more or less the e-commerce people that are do that are selling products or services online and to do what not physical right yeah so more so like coaching not necessarily e-commerce in the sense of like selling you know shirts or whatever yeah yeah but like service based like I you know provide you with coaching and Consulting um I make you know courses on how to do things that okay okay there you go there we go all right my bad all right Fair that's fair enough what's one thing that you miss about the military I missed like I don't know I'm trying to try to think of a good way to to phrase it I miss like the camaraderie which I think is probably the stereotypic glaner but it's like yeah you know like when I was out there just flying with the Bros like that was you know that was great um flying with the bros man that must good dud they can't go rock and fly the Bros dude yeah I remember like one of my last flights I was uh I was flying out over the we were flying all over the coast and we're just like Cloud surfing like flying in between clouds and stuff and um yeah I'm like you know this is the stuff I'm going to miss but everything else you don't miss a recall formations of the you know yeah all the days so a air liaison officer are you that's still you still flying though in the guard you still do no that's a non-flying job so I'm in um try not to throw around a whole bunch of acronyms but basically I'm uh in a unit that is like the guys that call in the air strikes as opposed to the guys you know I flew in the F15 drop in uh ordinance you know working with the guys that called in the air strikes over the radio and now I'm like supporting uh from the officer side the guys that do the air strikes so I'm not you know running around um you know calling in air strikes myself but I'm managing and leading those guys when's the last time you when was your last flight uh 2020 February yeah February does it feel like a long time ago three years not over three almost four years almost four years yeah almost four years did you ever have to um do f-15s excuse me because I'm not I guess I'm not that proficient in in the uh flight world but do they actually land on aircraft carriers are they able to or they have do they have to need a longer Runway no it's yeah it's not something that we train to or do um yeah it we we never landed on aircraft carrier that's a Navy Navy thing Navy thing yeah fair enough I want to look at I okay is it McDonald Douglas F15 Eagle yep that's your old is that your old POV that's your old yeah that's your old assign weapon man there it is can't go wrong I had the 249 you got the the jet that's PR sick though what um okay so let me ask you this if you could go back do you what would you tell yourself what what do you wish your uh previous self would have known or even anyone else that's going through the transition process like what would be your pep talk to them to make sure you guys get all this stuff done before you get out you know what whether it's from the get your disability be claim started before you get out to if you don't know what you're going to do get your GI Bill going like what would your pep talk to be from what you know now yeah I would just say two things um you know whatever time you think you need like to prep for whatever it is just double it and then start then so like you know if you're one year in and you think I'm getting out in a year or two uh and I need six months just tell yourself you need a year so like whatever you told yourself in your Marine um it's going to just give yourself twice as long and then the other the other part of that I would say is yeah definitely document everything um you know I don't get too heavy into the VA side of things but I didn't document a whole lot um you know this is kind of a definitely I'll I'll say an Air Force flyer issue um that's kind of like Air Force wide um but you know to stay on flying status people sometimes don't always talk about what's going on physically or whatever with them so just just document that stuff um even if you have to go to like outside doctors and things um you know so that it's not a pain uh when you go to get out and you know uh I've got issues with my my neck and my knees um you know from pulling G's and all that kind of stuff and like it's just not g to it's not going to get better the longer you fly you fly so just have that stuff documented um that's kind of my two two pieces of advice I say Okay appreciate you sharing that yeah I mean I guess a lot of people wouldn't want to you know speak up on that because they could lose the privilege of flying but I mean what's what would you rather do fly and break your body I mean sure it's great at at the time but like when you said if you hurt yourself then like enough is enough like you don't want to go on and on about that just set yourself up for failure your body man no people in the military know their body goes through you know good beating so I'm sure Pilots you guys got a whole extra thing to worry about so I appreciate you sharing that you know it's good information to know and to just take action on if you if you can doesn't really matter what someone else thinks about you like what about your family at home what about your kids what about you know your your life after the military that's what we're talking about again like there is life after the military and um although pilot a good job and cool you don't want to break yourself up over it so appreciate you being honest that you know a lot of people like to downplay the the mental health side and I mean feel like we're doing our all're doing each other disservice you know I think like it's a big stigma but appreciate you sharing where do you see your uh where do you see yourself going like with your software company and like with what you got going on with the Consulting and everything like in the next couple years what are your goals that yeah so I'd love to build it out you know I said 100 in a year which is I think aggressive um but uh yeah I mean I want that to kind of build into something where in the in the long term it doesn't take all of my time um that's kind of why I'm doing it this way is like I understand that you know over over a long enough time period like if I just don't if I just don't quit I mean that's kind of the like the theme right of Entrepreneurship is yeah if you just find something and stick with it for long enough the chances that you'll succeed go up drastically I'm not saying you're going to succeed uh because you know we can't know that but like if you for long enough or you're willing to actually stick with it for long enough and not just jump around and do something different um then your chances are going to go up and so that's that's the path I'm on I'm committed to kind of growing this slowly um building that Foundation like I talked about and you know doing this for you know I'm talking in the Years uh at least um for to kind of before willing to see you know the payoff if you will in that sense um so everything that you know I get back try to just reinvest into growing growing the company and building experience in the the service to be better okay so like coming you know from entrepreneurship like you said like time's never right right so for you like did you ever feel like giving up when you were when you first started going until you like got the ball rolling because it is tough man you're putting you're putting a lot of burden on yourself but like back after World War I they said like the majority of entrepreneurs were actually military veterans so like I'm not saying we're better than anybody but like there's no better there's no one better to do it than a than a veteran really in my guys you know we've already been through so much stuff and been charged with so much like why not work so hard for yourself too just like you did on all those missions and all those flights so it's like you know props to you for doing that and and making it happen but you know in the early stages did you think you feel like you wanted to stop yeah I mean certainly um it's funny you say the early stages because I feel like I'm still in the early early stages but that's part of what I want to you know start to have that conversation more about like on my brand page and everything is like documenting the journey U because I can't tell you what it's like to run a you know seven figureure business yet because I don't yeah I'm not speaking from experience um and I'm not going to you know make up like flashy stuff for Instagram so I'm just GNA try to document my experiences and talk through like but you know I can look back and and say that I think my military experience has helped me the most right like it took me um you know two and a half years of training to to have the opportunity to become the new guy a Fighter Squadron right like how many people are willing willing to wait two and a half years to have the opportunity to start to do something and so you know it's that ability to just stick with something and so when you you know ask me like in the early stage did you feel like quitting I mean yes right but I'm still in the early like I've not even done this for a year is the way I look at it so I'm still in the early stages and I just know that I'm you know I'm not going to um as you know God willing in the creek don't ride right I'm not going to uh so that's just the way I look at it I guess I guess once you get rolling though you know and you put your mind to it it's too easy not to turn it off I guess for me in the the podcast it was more or less just just turning the camera on and get going but once you get once you do that then I think it's on you're on you just got to start so just take that even if it's that one or two days to start doing something different working towards your goal or your your business um it's kind of hard to stop because think about how much like like we worked for the military how many times did you go above and beyond for the Call of Duty if we do the same thing and have that mindset for ourselves we can take oursel and our business you know and our team to new heights but um let me ask you this how do you feel about working as a solo entrepreneur and like coming from a team environment the you know how do you deal with how do you deal with the the mental creep of you know doing it by yourself at the moment um so the way I I kind of approach it is like you know understanding that when you know when you're kind of running a business by yourself like you have to to wear all the hats you have to do all the things um but over time your goal should be like you know find the things you are a lot of people like oh work on your weaknesses it's like no I want to work on my strengths and then use that to build the business and then you know build a team event like I'm not there yet but like the team should support my weaknesses um yeah you supportting cast or you Outsource yeah absolutely you harvest and what you're great at we're not you can't be like what they say Jack of all trades master none right like you can do a little bit of everything but what do you do great well I can do a little bit of everything yeah you're right though man like I don't want to go out and cut my grass at my other house I'm gonna pay someone to do it you know what I mean like what can you do with that one hour if you're working on your software if you're posting ads if you're doing you know not you know whatever your whatever your business is you know you got to use your time wisely man because it's one thing you're never that's one thing we never to get back so true indeed that's an important mindset shift like it's as weird as it sounds right like this year I I did actually pay something to start mowing my grass for like really the first time you know and it's like but it's worth it you don't have to get out there every week it Wass an hour or two like yeah I almost want to do it here but the yard we have is so small it only takes like 20 minutes but still I don't like doing it you know what I mean but yeah like I mean think about it man if you had the money would you pay someone to cook your food or like I don't I don't know it's like it is a mindset uh shift if you try to do everything yourself you're not going to get too far I'm going to do everything myself I mean you could I'm not saying it's not possible but if you have a team did you work in the military did you fly and shoot the weapons on the plane or did you have you and you two pilots there's two pilots the same thing you're not in the unit by yourself we're not in the defa by ourself we around a team but it's I don't know man I guess I guess for me I'm still trying to get the right people around me to build out my own team and stuff like that I know it will come but I feel like that's something I've struggled with kind of when I get out the military because you go I mean here's the thing about the military you get great relationships great people and units you're in and then everyone just starts dispersing you know what I mean oh you going to Nevada I'm in Florida we only me you know and life happens so I think it's like a double-edged sword but um you know this podcast getting the right people around and hearing people's stories and everyone's everyone's like-minded but we need a place to All Connect and and build each other up you know what I mean so I think there's more of that going on now in the military influencers face and the um you know hope hopefully that we can you know keep it going now man because like when you you you put yourself on the line for your you know your battle buddies to your left and your right when you're deployed and stuff like that and um you know as veterans it's like people people are dropping the ball maybe they wouldn't have done that if they had the resources maybe they wouldn't have done that if they they knew people were there but if you get out of the military and you go back to where you're from where you try to get away from in the sense or you know what I mean or you travel all the way across the country for a job it doesn't work out and you're stuck or you know what I mean like a lot of stuff happens and you know hopefully we can just help with whatever we can so yeah I would say that like that's a good point but the opposite of of you know I think this time that we live in of like you know the way that the world is connected that you know you can have those resources right like I live in a rural community and you know I'm still very connected with U through like the vetrepreneur tribe and other like you know veterans that I found through like having my Instagram page and like having these conversations and that kind of thing abely um so that's definitely helped me the most you also have to put yourself out there too some people don't have to like you know re re re or I'm not going to meet nobody I was probably like that too at a point when I first got out maybe I was but I was I was I had to work up myself personally you know what I mean if you don't you don't fit yourself we can't I can't get on here and try to say my life is all over the place like I can't get on here and try to tell you what to do I'm not trying to tell anyone what to do with their life I'm just trying to share stories and you know you know share all the resources but you're right though like we're a fingertip away dude vetrepreneur Tri people are out there willing to help all all we have to do is ask don't be scared to ask what no one's GNA like you know disrespect you for asking hey I'm I'm getting out of the army I was thinking about these you know these questions or whatever like or hey I got a podcast I never bet you before no one you know you signed up probably saw the link and you we signed up and we made it happen because that's what we do as vets like we're trying to help each other and like I hope I just wish people you know people that are probably like you know they think they're they're all by themselves but we're not we just got to reach out connect you know so n that's good man I'm GL I'm glad that you're those that's where you found this podcast I'm probably the veteran preneur uh tribe uh Facebook group yep there you go dude see yeah I just I just saw it and reached out and got the got the sign up link and and here we are I mean me like that's how I got started honestly like I um what it was like the veteran transition uh page or whatever I made a link or not a LinkedIn yeah I made a LinkedIn I made an Instagram and I was like hey I'm I'm starting a you know a brand um and I didn't have a website I didn't have a I told people I was going to start writing blogs about this I didn't have any just put a date out there forced myself into action and it was same with like the software uh stuff I just you know made social media made a website started posting about it and was like Hey I'm doing this I'm doing this now and then you know I got two clients in my first um like you know 30 days or whatever um and then just having it stop from there so can't go wrong you you put you took yourself out of your comfort zone and like you said you took action that's that's all you really got to keep doing and just do it it's a compound effect to just keep doing it over and over and over man it's like you're right like most people even in the podcast face give up I I I I just started a couple months ago but I got like several episodes I don't feel like giving up man it's not that hard to get on and coordinate like how easy was it just a couple clicks from you're on and trying to share people's stories and help so not man I really appreciate you coming on and and sharing your stories and you know it's great to hear from a pilot I don't know have I talked to any the pilots maybe I talked to one or two but no I probably haven't honestly I would have remembered but um yeah I just want to open it up and see if you want if we left anything out or you want to leave us with anything and then we'll go ahead and close it up for the day if on mind yeah no this is uh this has been good um yeah I mean I would just say that like the theme that we've kind of talked about is just you know whatever whatever you're going to do just you know understand that like think think about it on I would just say a longer time Horizon and you know don't don't you know think I need I need this right now obviously you know I'm not talking about like you you know you got to you got to provide shelter and everything but I mean like when you're trying to build something just think on a longer time Horizon and uh work on that you know deling that gratification um those have been the two biggest things that's helped me both in Military and then in what I'm still doing at the moment so okay appreciate you sharing that what was your favorite tow Hall in the Air Force or in the military anything that sticks out to you on all your endeavors chow hall um I daf daf defac was pretty good I heard that one was supposed to be good they had like a thing one night and then they would have like steak and so I'm going to get all the Flack because of the Air Force guy eating steak on deployment but yeah no bro we need that on deployment man it's all good dude the Air Force known to have the best facilities that's no secret dude they we know that Air Force gets paid if you have to stay the army base I know it's like Hazard you get Hazard pay to stay the army base man but no it's all good dude you can't hate on the Air Force dude you know what I mean like more love to everybody but n Al Alara they said it's supposed to be good there they had like a general there dude you know they're GNA have good food they can't they can't be slouchy but no man well I appreciate you coming on today and sharing your story hope you have fun and you know let's stay connected I'll shoot you some links over there about the evv and Veteran Edge and I think dude I think you you'd uh benefit from it you're getting around likeminded people you got something good going on a whole bunch of entrepreneurs and you got software so hopefully hopefully that helps you out and let's stay connected dude all right thanks appreciate it no problem hey thanks ladies and gentlemen if you guys uh reached this far hopefully you guys like the episode and gained some value out of the content until next time hope to talk to you guys soon take care

- Style and comfort for the family – Pilot :15: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] capable and equipped for family life the three-row pilot from honda

  Top Comments:
  1. @hermanmorris3420 [3 likes]: great!
  2. @pihan3837 [1 likes]: Very good
  3. @yychickenfarm2126: Honda pilot is the worst car ever I have the Honda pilot 2022 and I have so many problems and they don’t even want to fix it
  4. @imammunadzar4550: Fortuner looks big and gentle
  5. @letfreedomring2699: That's a great SUV.
  6. @nitrocity-tt5tg: Dont worry about doing a commercial on the odyssey I got you https://youtu.be/qh7inHSXNkY

- GoPro: Learning to Fly - A Family Affair: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is my dad I would describe him as a daredevil a lot and I would also describe him as pretty cool dad sometimes he flies me to school my dad was a Private Pilot when I was 13 I helped him build an airplane back then there was no such thing as a kit that they build now he just showed up with this U-Haul trailer full of sheet mail and said this is an airplane and I thought God guys lost his rocker you know sure enough a year later he flew it there's positive and negative G we don't pull that much negative G or positive G in G nastics we pull a little but Dad is the positive G I think is pushing you into the seat so it's feeling like a house is sitting on you the negativ G is trying to throw you out of the airplane I've been in there while he's doing it it's scary my dad also was a sky diver and a jump Master he always pushed me away from skydiving back then the equipment was horrible as compared to now he didn't want me to be a skydiver for sure he thinks it's really dangerous which it is but I still kind of wanted to do it he started teaching me to fly when I was about 3 or 4 she's literally grown up in the airplane I got my turns my um takeoff then I can fly the airplane about 50 ft the ground we're still working on our Landings Landing is the hardest Landings we kind of work having little issue with that I asked him one time he could be an animal what animal You' be he would say a hawk I like running and jogging a lot I prefer to be cheetah probably good luck on your flight Dad thank you Cory okay here we go I was not a very patient person when I was growing up I was really focused on what I wanted to do and everything else so for me it probably the best that I waited a little later on in life in order to you know have a kid I'm able to really appreciate you know the time that I get to spend with her and how cool it is and people always say what's the coolest thing you've done you know and I us say I flown airplanes through Canyons through uh tunnels through buildings under bridges and done all these crazy fun things and different things and I have to say the coolest thing I've ever done really is to have a kid [Applause] W the

  Top Comments:
  1. @thisismebram [2 likes]: this guy deserves a best dad in the world medal...
  2. @RodryFromItaly [1 likes]: What a video I just seen! rad footage!
  3. @jorgval [1 likes]: I really like this video, it is good when you can spend time with your daughter and share our world with family.
A good inspiring video.
Well done.
  4. @navygoat2875: How did they mount the Gopros to the exterior of the plane??
  5. @robertomotores9553: Show!.....
  6. @dawsonfeatherstone3108: sub to for vidoes like this coming
  7. @FlyMeAirplane: Super video!
  8. @pavl1925: GoPro the best !
  9. @gregbird1937: As a fellow pilot and Dad, I agree kids are pretty amazing, thanks for sharing your amazing family.
  10. @billsalter4619: Howdy Kirby, long time, no see.  Happy Father's day.  Looks like your daughter and mine are about the same age.

Bill

p.s.  Is the offer to fly your Edge still on the table....... : )
  11. @foxsmack9229: Я один заметил немецкий самолет ?
  12. @austinp5929: OMG, gopros channel art is HB Pier.
  13. @gojo6960: Nice short film
  14. @lisacipriani6105: ...
  15. @sergio-mw2ge: the best play
  16. @jingiz: No one ever flew me to school.
  17. @Three_Random_Words: Does Red Bull own GoPro or vice-versa????????????????????????????
They sure do seem to be in bed together. Red Bull seems to be in bed with a lot of entities.
  18. @ETHICLEAD: Respect for putting parenthood ahead of everything else...great video!
  19. @TMHonfire102: I record with my gopro and it is nothing as good a what is uploaded on gopro's youtube channel, I have the hero 4 and the video quality looks so much better on here then what my camera actually records...
  20. @KntyhIrvin: #TeamChambliss <3

- Emirates Pilot Salary | Pilot Life in Emirates Airline: Kind: captions Language: en Hello hello hello again. I am Caner. I am with&nbsp;you with another video series. Guys, in this video series I'll be talking about the perks in Emirates. As a pilot what kind of benefits do you get?&nbsp;&nbsp; I get lots of questions about these things so I&nbsp;decided to answer each of them. I want to make&nbsp;these videos as a tool for you. In each video, you&nbsp;will be hearing different things from me about the&nbsp;benefits. Don't forget! those are valid for 2023. Alright guys, let's don't waste time. Let's continue. Today's topic is salary. The salary that you are going to&nbsp;get in Emirates has 2 different portions. &nbsp; The first one is your basic salary. The basic salary&nbsp;at Emirates Airline is high. That's what I love in&nbsp;legacies in the world because this is the salary&nbsp;you get no matter what. If you fly 1 hour or if&nbsp;you fly 20 hours or if you fly 100 hours or&nbsp;if you fly 0 hours you will get this salary. If this salary is high it means that you are&nbsp;protected if something happens. If you don't fly a lot&nbsp;you will guarantee that you will get this salary.&nbsp;&nbsp; Apart from the basic salary, you will also get flight&nbsp;pay. Flight pay at Emirates Airline is low which&nbsp;is also good. It is not that much important if&nbsp;you are gonna fly for 10 hours or 100 hours. It doesn't make that much difference in your&nbsp;salary. When you have a look at other&nbsp;companies policies you will always see that low-cost carriers are mostly paying based on flying&nbsp;hours. Their basic salary is low. So they want&nbsp;to force you to fly to earn better salaries. This promotes you to work more, but if you&nbsp;work for an airline that is legacy you don't have&nbsp;this. Emirates is exactly the same. Since I'm exchanging&nbsp;from Dirham to US dollars, there might be some small&nbsp;discrepancy in salaries. But you can take this as a rough estimation. You can always refer back&nbsp;to the Emirates career website and you can see the exact details. I'm starting with the first officer&nbsp;salaries. If you fly 80-85 hours you will get&nbsp;approximately 1000-1200 US dollars per&nbsp;month. And you have also around 7200 dollars in basic&nbsp;salary. When you sum up these 2 values, you will&nbsp;get 8400 US dollars per month. This is tax-free. Don't forget this is tax-free and&nbsp;this is just some small portion of what you are&nbsp;gonna get. This is the take-home salary plus you&nbsp;will get some extra benefits. This salary is not&nbsp;covering accommodation allowance and other perks that I'm gonna mention in the next videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; Take this amount as a salary and plus you will&nbsp;be provided a house or extra accommodation allowance, education allowance and&nbsp;so on. But right now we are just covering pure salary. There's also one extra pay which is&nbsp;called productivity pay. Depending on the day of the month, let's say the 29th, 30th, or 31st day of a month&nbsp;there's a threshold value which is 82, 85, and 88 hours.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's say you are in a month&nbsp;that has 30 days, and your productivity level is 85&nbsp;hours. If you fly above those 85 hours&nbsp;you will get paid some extra money. Of course&nbsp;airlines try to minimize the extra payment&nbsp;which is great for us too. It means that you're&nbsp;not flying that much so you can get paid&nbsp;extra if you exceed this number. It shouldn't be&nbsp;a topic for you when it comes to decision-making. Because you're not gonna get this amount&nbsp;quite often. Alright, that being said now let's move to Captain's side. Captain's total&nbsp;compensation when it comes to salary is around 12&nbsp;000 US Dollars. 1500 to 2000 US dollars is flight pay and the rest&nbsp;amount is basic salary where you can estimate 10000 US dollars. Which is also good for the captains. The captain's flight pays are a little&nbsp;bit higher, but literally a couple of dirhams&nbsp;higher than the first officers. Literally,&nbsp;it doesn't make that much difference when it comes to having extra flight pay. And of course, the captain's basic salary&nbsp;is higher than FO's basic salary. As you can see First Officer can get 8400-8500 US&nbsp;dollars. In the Captain position, you can get 12000 US&nbsp;dollars. Once I talk like this people&nbsp;are always confused. They think that&nbsp;that's not everything you can get. No, this is only salary. We are gonna cover other&nbsp;benefits in the other videos. Alright, I hope you enjoyed the video. As usual, before I go&nbsp;please don't forget to like my video,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to my channel and hit the bell button to get the&nbsp;notifications. See you in the other video. Bye-bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @IzanAlbertAlba [21 likes]: Im a kid, an my dream job is being an pilot of emirates, boeing 777 or a380. I love this job
  2. @GW_WARRIOR_ [7 likes]: HI CAPTAIN CAN YOU MAKE A A VIDEO HOW TO BECOME EMIRATES AIRLINE PILOT PLEASE THAT IS MY REQUEST  ❤ BECAUSE YOU ARE VERY HELPFUL
  3. @triple_YT10 [3 likes]: Hi capitain i want to be capitain in future
Which. Airline should i pick for very good money defenatly
  4. @samarpatel723 [1 likes]: Me to
  5. @FNAFboy359 [1 likes]: The fact I got an join Emirates cabin crew ad before the video start
  6. @Jasminesaid-x3k [1 likes]: Can ask if emiratesOffers a pilot training program with an international scholarship??
  7. @RJC10101: I actually thought salaries would be higher than that tbh. Not that great considering the sacrifice of living in the sandpit
  8. @MonicaWilliam-l5k: That 12,000 is it a monthly payment or what
  9. @SubhajitMukherjee-cw4my: Thank you sir you are definitely right but sir my question is are you a commercial pilot ?😊
Are you from USA?
  10. @SigmaPlema: Im just a paralegal but my salary is higher than him. Plus all the benefits like housing, medical, education for kids 30k aed etc…
  11. @GiacomoQuilli: can you reach 20k month?
  12. @kushaldutia2491: where are you from brother ??
As an Indian National I am very interested in joining Emirates through EFTA programme.
Do I stand a chance and will be hired by emirates .
I know there is no guarantee but does emirates prefer indian pilots ?
lmk please.
  13. @BilalYaverr: Caner bey selamlar how can I be a pilot without university about aviation
  14. @japhetybanez2158: How about the senior first officer and senior Captain?? Is there be a changes of salary?
  15. @Lucy4300-h4n: Cpt salary is so low it is a joke there…
  16. @Smokey-tw3lj: how do i apply i  completed my  btech and now want to pursue my pilot carrer in emirates how and where do i start
  17. @manishapatel3215: Bro,what is cost of becoming a pilot in dubai
Wait for answer captain❤❤
  18. @Neo6ISLIVE-t6m: Sir I m from India and want to work for emirates as a pilot what if I will have a indian CPL will I be eligible for being a emirate pilot
  19. @charakaamayantha_ca9784: Perks = Benefits
  20. @SuzanClora: Hey can you tell me is their any fully funded scholarship for this??? If yes can you suggest me where can i find full details

- How To Become a Pilot (Step-By-Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en career if you want to get paid to fly you will need at least a second class medical certificate and if you plan to become an airline pilot you will need a first class medical I recommend that you get one of those prior to starting Flight Training to prevent any surprises down the line most people pass the medical exam without an issue but some medical conditions can prevent you from becoming a pilot one of the most common concern is color vision deficiency now Color Blind Pilots can still fly but they're usually restricted to Flying recreationally and only during the day so if you want to make a career out of flying you will need to pass a color vision test if you're concerned about color blindness or other health conditions we've linked additional information in the description below your Amame also can address some of the concerns you may have we've also added a link down here to help you find an am near you okay so you meet the medical requirements what's next well you need to choose a flight school this is one of the most important decision you will make in your flying career if you make the wrong choice it could end your dream entirely here's what you need to know about selecting a flight school the first thing to consider is whether to go for a part 61 or part 141 flight school basically there are two types of flight schools and different rules apply to them in general part 61 schools offer more flexible training programs on the other hand part 141 schools are more rigid and structured you can get your license faster at a part 141 flight school but they are more expensive to learn more check out this video right here where I explain the difference in detail another consideration is the distance between your home and the flight school now keep in mind that your commute could add a significant amount of time to your training so plan accordingly next consider the type of airplane that the flight school operates the most important thing make sure that the airplanes are in good condition and wellmaintained newer aircraft are an advantage especially if they have glass cockpits but you don't need to fly the latest and greatest to get your license there's definitely a premium to newer aircraft step three after you choose a flight school you'll need to choose an instructor a lot of students don't even think about choosing a fight instructor this is a big mistake the wrong instructor can make or break your flight training experience here's how to make the right choice first make a list of the flight schools near you visit a few of them and then speak with the instructors are they professional enthusiastic welcoming that's a great sign a happy instructor is a good instructor or do the instructors look like they haven't slept in day and maybe wear a permanent frown well you might want to look elsewhere in this case now consider doing an intro flight at several flight schools this is the first flight you will have before officially beginning your training it usually consists of a scening route with an instructor and it's a great way to get a good sense of how flight school operates it's also a good idea to take multiple intro flights with several instructors at different flight schools before you make a choice also don't hesitate to request different instructors early on if you feel like they're not a good fit once you've chosen your flight school and instructor it's time to start Flight Training now this can be a little bit scary especially if you don't know what you expect now let's talk about the structure of a typical flight lesson first your instructor will give you an overview of the lesson it's very important that you prepare four lessons ahead of time then you'll both head out to the airplane what you do during the flight depends on the lesson but there is a general structure your instructor will typically demonstrate a procedure or maneuver then you will try to do it on your own now you'll continue doing that until they are happy with your performance now I expect a postflight briefing at the end of the lesson you're a new instructor will discuss your performance what you did well and also what needs Improvement this is also a good time to learn about your next flight now with each flight and ground lesson you get closer to earning your private pirate certificate the one that will allow you to fly with passengers without getting paid when your instructor is confident in your abilities they'll endorse you for for your first solo which is exactly what it sounds like you will be flying the airplane on your own for the first time very exciting after you start flying solo it's time to think about taking your knowledge test now this is the first official test that you will need to take so what does the test consist of well the Private Pilot Knowledge Test has 60 multiple choice questions you will have 2 hours to complete it and you need to score 70% or higher so here's what you should do to pass with flying colors the key is prepar ation don't expect to read just a few books and then go pass the test now luckily that's where we can help our Private Pilot Made Easy online Ground School is designed to help you pass the exam we're so confident that we'll even send you $175 and a full refund if you don't pass on the first try now click on the link in the description to learn more you're almost there after you've passed your Knowledge Test the only thing left is an in-person test with a designated pilot examiner or DPE DPE is an exper examiner approved by the FAA their job is to make sure that you are qualified proficient and a safe pilot this in-person test is also known as a practical test or more commonly a check ride the check ride has an oral and a flight portion the oral exam happens on the ground and consists of a conversation between you and the DPE they're going to evaluate your Aviation knowledge your flight planning and the decision- making skills it can range anywhere between an hour and a half to 3 hours now when your DPE is happy with your knowledge it's time to hop in the aircraft during the flight portion you will demonstrate various skills Maneuvers and that usually takes about an hour the DP wants to see you operate the aircraft safely and with Precision it will also test your decision-making abilities in the aircraft if the DP is happy with your skills you will become the country's newest pilot congratulations this is the first step on the way to becoming an airline pilot so how long does it take to get your private pirate certificate well if you're training full-time can be around 3 to 6 months you'll need a minimum of 40 hours of flight time but the average person takes about 70 to 80 hours it really depends on the weather the type of airspace that you learn in how consistently you fly and in many other factors okay so you're pilot but you can't get paid to fly just yet before you get your commercial pilot certificate you need to obtain flying experience and an instrument rating here's how an instrument rating allows you to fly an aircraft in limited visibility using only the instruments in the cockpit similar to the private pattern process you'll need to pass a written and a practical test good news if your current fly instructor can provide instrument training you can continue to fly with them the experience is pretty much the same as your Private Pilot training just more complex Concepts after you get your instrument rating you're almost there the bad news well now you need to get a commercial pirot certificate the good news the process is very similar to your Private Pilot certificate there's a knowledge test and a check ride that follows the same format we just discussed the biggest difference is the level of difficulty the commercial Knowledge Test covers much more than the private pirate test and the check ride is way more strict but what makes the commercial certificate especially difficult is how much experience you need for starters you'll need at least 250 hours of flight time now at a part 141 flight school you only need 190 hours but it still takes a significant amount of time and money to achieve once you pass the commercial check ride you can finally get paid to fly if you train full-time you can expect to obtain your commercial certificate in about 6 to 18 months keep in mind that this can vary depending on the weather and the flight scool now it's time to go straight to the airlines right well not exactly before you fly the big jets you need more hours under your belt that's why many commercial pilots become flying structures it's a fantastic way to quickly gain experience at this point you should also get your multi-engine tring this allows you to fly aircraft with more than one engine But ultimately you need an airline transport pilot certificate in order to fly for an airline and that requires 1,500 hours of flight time now many inspiring airline pilots gain those hours by instructing some Pilots also find other commercial flying jobs that don't require an ATP many do a bit of both once you've earned that ATP certificate your dream is finally Within Reach and now you can start to apply for Airline jobs it can take anywhere from 2 to 5 years in order to obtain that ATP certificate depending on the type of flying that you do now you may say what is this going to cost Well Medical certificate can cost anywhere between $75 to $200 depending on the type of certificate and also the doctor your Private Pilot certificate will average $ 15 to $20,000 this also varies significantly depending on the flight school type of aircraft the instructor or even the location the commercial pilot certificate is the most expensive expect around $55,000 this can even go into six figures depending on the flight school you should also consider the cost of obtaining your flight instructure certificate now this is not a requirement but it's one of the best way to gain experience before you go to the airlines a fly instructor rating will cost around $5,000 the good news is that once you are employed as a fly instructor or you can start to get paid to fly you flight school might even pay for additional upgrades to your instructor rating and finally your ATP certificate some Airlines might pay for your ATP but if you have to pay for it yourself it will cost around $5,000 now I know you're probably a little intimidated at this stage by all of this information but guess what hundreds of thousands of people just like you have become Pilots we even had an interview with one of our students who completed his Private Pilot certificate in 40 hours that's the least amount of time possible so if you want to get some inspiration and learn a few valuable tips check out this interview right here thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @PilotInstituteAirplanes [112 likes]: FREE 2-hour guide to becoming a pilot: https://bit.ly/ultimate-pilot-guide-cm10 🧑‍✈
  2. @usersleepingrightnow [11 likes]: Career so fire that you either fly high or fly high
  3. @usersleepingrightnow [2 likes]: Lowk jealous of mfking pigeons so I wanna learn aviation
  4. @Lucy_wiliams [1 likes]: I wear glasses with 8+ power for my hypermatropia. As a 15 years old girl, i hope i can be a pilot someday ❤
  5. @jayrlisondraimagery9878 [1 likes]: I'm 48 years old this year. Planning to change careers. Is it not too late for me to become a pilot? It's been my dream since I was little. I ended up an architect. And now working at the bank. But I felt something was missing. I'm not where I want to be with my dream job. Is there any advice? Thank you!
  6. @hasspass8751 [1 likes]: My dream job but it's unachievable because of the cost😢
  7. @mirageh264 [1 likes]: So between $80k and $130k USD in total. Good to know
  8. @Bombsaway1245 [1 likes]: Hi! I have red green color blindness but want to become an airline pilot! Will this affect me? I would hope not since it’s not a very serious color blindness
  9. @friendofvinnie [1 likes]: This is wild 😮
  10. @tylerdeoms5180: “Hey everyone — genuine question for the group. When you were building hours, how did you find other pilots to fly with and split costs? Did you use Facebook groups, word of mouth, your flight school, or something else?
  11. @Starprosidhanth: Thanks so much 🙏🙏😊😢 helped me ☺️
  12. @Sandwitch_yummy: May allah make me a pilot and a co pilot inshallah
  13. @FrancooMwash: Plane
  14. @helloiampato: I can't wait to start my journey!
  15. @victoria-r7w4o: Does the height matter ? 😭 im 157 cm
  16. @Yoissenjin.luvspeace: this may be a very childish question but can i become a pilot even tho im wearing glasses? (im 14 btw pls be nice)
  17. @Orlando-t6y: I didn’t realise it was THIS hard!
  18. @Difficultcat7000: I’m a future pilot.
  19. @NomanKhan-n1r5r: Soon i will be pilot for Emirates Airline
  20. @BismiullahSadat: I want to be pilot so what should I do please ❤

- Fahim Saleh | More Memories | Lifestyle & Family Of 33-Year-Old Gokada Founder & Tech Entrepreneur: Kind: captions Language: en let's go [Music] we don't look awesome my meat's not tender yours is yummy um famous [Applause] oh these are really [Laughter] it's about to happen right now what is that hey somehow i convinced the hotel to allow us to put something on the premises that crunches right okay so what is happening i'm in a stretch limousine in lagos nigeria foreign say hello to the new gokata hq so many motorcycles hey man what's up how are you doing you good what so excited at the lobby what do you think it's good it's not good enough for you you need better operations we got the g-money all right we got the conference room we got the yo yo what's up i didn't record it last time so i'm doing it again yo why are you going crazy then before but then uh washed out oh got the outside area more motorcycles doesn't end and this is the training ground took like hey how's it going good morning good morning happy mother's oh my day here this sucks i just fell 27 inches two feet ideas i just hooked up my iphone to uh the horizon to the house you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MRHAQUE-ru5uz [8 likes]: I am deeply sorry for Fahim Saleh’s murdered.
Whatever happened in his life I think Fahim Saleh needed his personal health and safety and security because of his million dollars businesses therefore other people would be jealous.
Also his property should’ve had top security alarm systems. I believe that this is his fault therefore people can get easy access to his house and money and everything else. One of Fahim Saleh’s faults was that he trusted others.
Finally,
Fahim Saleh should not have employed
Tyrese Haspil a teenager boy for personal and finances mater. Tyrese Haspil  was arrested by NY police forces because of his actions and behaviour helping the NY police to easily catch him.. Should be a life time Prison by New York criminals laws. I knew his personal assistant murdered monstrous crimes. Fahim was in need of more security because of  his millionaire business.
Fahim saleh’s should’ve informed the police if he was in danger in the first place. Life is not easy as a millionaire with a high position in society. 
May Allah bless him jannah. Ameen. 
🕊❤️💔🙏🇺🇸🇧🇩
  2. @suebowman7258 [7 likes]: R.I.P Fahim. We lost a great innovator! We need Justice! Fahim’s Assistant needs to be jailed forever!  Fahim gave the Monster Assistant a second chance after the Assistant stole his hundred thousand dollars from him. The Eval Assistant murdered and butchered Fahim. I am angry and sad for Fahim’s family.
  3. @sailagaffur525 [6 likes]: I can not accept that this  Handsome, successful and full of life young man is gone from this earth. Gone in the manner that he did.  Who has the right to do this to another human being?  I am absolutely devastated and can not imagine what his family is going through. Allah bless Fahim Saleh and grant him the highest paradise as he indeed died a Martyr.😢😢😢😢
  4. @moyalallman8236 [3 likes]: You cannot trust no one  i dont!!!!i feel bad for  him and his family may God look over his soul.So sad .my heart goes out yo the family ,people in these times are so wicked damm wicked .
  5. @amyabarca4440 [3 likes]: This case really pissed me off. So senseless. What a loss for the world that he's gone. He should still be here. Too hard to accept. There is something devastatingly wrong with a justice system that provides greater rights and privileges to criminals than to victims and their families. Humane treatment is obviously not a strong enough deterrent to inhibit crime. Once clearly proven guilty (which needs to be redefined), convicts should be subject to various degrees of torture relative to their crime. I also believe every inmate should be given the option of assisted suicide. Then feed their remains to alligators. By the way, suspect, Haspil's girlfriend is in denial. She should be ignored.
  6. @naheedzaman4475 [3 likes]: Why life is so fragile... what an innocent soul... yea Allah! Grant him the highest place in jannahh!😭😭
  7. @nadiranazrul4034 [3 likes]: Rest in peace brother
  8. @eustaceaspirehigh1304 [3 likes]: RIP to Fahim Saleh!!
  9. @wendywinn270 [2 likes]: Blessings to his family, hope they find peace..
  10. @arafathzameer [2 likes]: Allah, please give Fahim's family the strength to live their life without Fahim and justice for his death.
  11. @kazitakmiranjum8434 [2 likes]: Happy Family  ended for husfil. They never forgotten. I prey for Fahim Saleh.
  12. @ishratislam8517 [2 likes]: 😭
  13. @NasirUddin-pq7ui [1 likes]: I LOVE YOU
very much
  14. @isratjarin3269 [1 likes]: Apparently there was a bright future for him......😥
  15. @eustaceaspirehigh1304 [1 likes]: Your video is always on point!! 👍
  16. @Boy-zm1go: Honest and valo manus gula bashi din bece thake na
  17. @RDC1946: Heartbreaking
  18. @rustysmith5282: I'm so sorry what happened to Fahim Saleh. I came across his story online. I have learned much about him after some research and this young man was smart, giving and very humble. I'm sad and disturbed in the way his life was taken from him so suddenly and violently. My deepest condolences to his father; mother and sisters. They all seem so close and I only can imagine the pain they are feeling. I agree with  a previous poster; Fahim needed top security; given his status and potential haters. But let's be clear; the person who committed this horrific crime is to blame. If we could only rewind the time so he could rejoin his family and continue to be great! Meanwhile he accomplished alot in a short period of time. Bless you Fahim Saleh and bless your dear family that's left behind.
  19. @tavarez415: Dear Saleh Family, I am so sorry about your lost. May Fahim’s soul Rest In Peace. This breaks my heart.
  20. @Mr.jame123: First business of Fahim Saleh.👇you will be surprised 
https://youtu.be/RVs448mguBw

- Spreading a Passion for Crafting Great Vodka | HondaJet Owner Story: Kind: captions Language: en Chopin Vodka and HondaJet have a lot in common. I think the businesses are built on relationships. You need to meet people, they want to see you, they want to have a personal contact with you. People are buying the passion of the other person, it's very often rather than a product itself. They need to know about it, they need to know that they know the owner, that they understand and they trust that person. And once somebody trusts you that he believes in your story. I'm Tad Dora and I make Chopin Vodka. It's a company which has been established 120 years ago in the eastern part of Poland. For generations we make vodka, make vodka out of potato, rye and wheat, and we sell it all over the world. The distillery where we are is about two hours outside of Warsaw. It started in 1896 and we make vodka in the same location for 120 years. I'm trying to be here as often as possible, especially at this time of the year, to talk to the farmers, to check if the potatoes are ready, if this is a time to already take them out of the ground and distill them. We start in September, it's 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and then we store the product and we can then process it and make vodka out of it for the rest of the year. Then obviously as we make it here - and we make it in Poland - that product travels around the world, so we need to be in the places where the product is, and it's nice that you could actually combine being in the morning in the fields, before lunch, somewhere in the city and before dinner in another city. For that one you really need to move very fast between the area - that's what HondaJet is all about. It's about helping you to do many more things. I met Mr. Fujino and listened to his story about the passion, how he built the plane, and we started to talk and I told him this story how I started to make vodka and my passion for making vodka, and something clicked, and we said well you know we are such different businesses but we have something in common, and that something in common is passion for what we do. I was invited to Greensboro to have a look at it when the plane was being built, before it was painted, and started to be familiar with it. I decided to talk about it and and look at it some more. I have to say I'm very nicely surprised. It doesn't feel like a small jet at all. I use HondaJet for business and pleasure, and the reason for that is that our business is in the nicest hotels, nicest resorts, the nicest restaurants. We go there to do business and we also go to the same places for leisure. And HondaJet allows me to do that, allows me to do it very efficiently. The nice hotels or resorts are not always close to the airport but maybe they are close to some other small airport where the HondaJet can land. So you can get to those spaces without changing planes. It's all about moving as efficiently through space and time as you possibly can. You have to have a human being behind it. You have to have somebody whose passion overcomes all of the difficulties. It looks easy maybe later when it succeeds but the beginnings are always difficult. And that's what it is, about HondaJet, it's built out of passion. Chopin Vodka is built out of passion. And we are changing those categories, we are changing the way that people perceive them, the way that people look at those products. I'm trying to make the best vodka in the world, and HondaJet is aspiring to be the best jet in the world.

  Top Comments:
  1. @matthewk000 [5 likes]: Me: So how'd did you travel here?

Them: My Honda

Me: How long of a drive was it?
  2. @robertchristophersmith5450 [5 likes]: That's my goal: Just like what he does.
  3. @tomus788 [4 likes]: Jest pan wielkim człowiekiem panie Tadeuszu
  4. @MisterWebb [3 likes]: Great campaign!
  5. @Δ-503 [2 likes]: It would be even more exciting if Honda Jet could fly on ethanol.
  6. @pedjawien [2 likes]: Tad is a legend!
  7. @wrighteric1067 [2 likes]: 宝くじ当たったら…








買えんか
  8. @vvvvision88888 [2 likes]: Does the vodka taste like a winter wind? ;)
  9. @daviddebbarma811 [2 likes]: I want to be like him
  10. @brandonwright2067 [1 likes]: Vtec
  11. @mirtascuntaro7463 [1 likes]: Quiero ver relatos salvajes
  12. @GAhokkaaviation [1 likes]: どの層向けのCmでしょうw
  13. @raheelRoyal9: 2:14/₩☆

- Fabi Riesen, CEO of Loft Dynamics: Over $29 Million Raised to Build the Future of Flight Training: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to category Visionaries the show dedicated to exploring exciting Visions for the future from the founders who are in the front lines building it in each episode we'll speak with a Visionary founder who's building a new category or reimagining an existing one we'll learn about the problem they solve how their technology works and unpack their vision for the future I'm your host Brett stapper CEO of frontlines media now let's Dive Right into today's episode [Music] hey everyone and welcome back to category Visionaries today we're speaking with Fabby Reen CEO of Loft Dynamics a flight training platform that's raised over 29 million in funding Bobby how are you doing great thanks for having me on your show not a problem super excited let's Jump Right In tell us about what you're building today fantastic yeah we just came back from a great company offside and everyone energized getting your SNS done having the chance to snc with the whole team was pretty great amazing and tell us now let's talk about the company tell us about everything that's going on there at a high level what does the platform do yeah so basically off Dynamics developing designing creating manufacturing and operating fly simulators in the professional market and speciality is lo Dynamics is the company which introduce in the professional fly simulation the visual system using virtual reality headset so head mounted headset which is basically finally providing the pilots correct visual system I can explain it a little bit more in detail to understand what I mean by this by today we are still on the whole Earth the only company which is having qualified simulators using that headmount technology display technology in fly simulators take us back to the founding of the company 2016 what was going on in your world that you decided this is the business I want to go build yeah well everything has started with a passion which is go even longer back I mean as you know Aviation either you have the passion or not already has a kid so myself I was always fascinated in that having glasses I didn't end up as a professional pilot so I end up as an engineer worked um for around 20 years in a large company as an engineer and I did my PPL back in 1999 the PPL private P license on a fix swing so engineering Aviation passion somehow in my mind for all the time and back in 2013 I got my first virtual reality headset it was very SDK development K version one of virtual reality headset so quality-wise far away from what you have today but the moment I had it in hand it was for me like okay that's going to change in aviation training now why if you are having head mounted display it allows you that if you move the Hat the whole environment is moving in a threedimensional de perception way like if you watch a TV and you move your head a little bit left to right it's still the same picture but if you that in reality you see that everything which is not align on the same distance is moving against each other and that's basically death perception having fly simulators which are 20 millions or more they still have a static projection so if a pilot is moving a little bit thee left and right it nothing changed so that said it is simply wrong and because it's simply wrong Pilots have to adapt their fly skills to learn to fly the simulator and if a head mounted head said that's not the case you can even watch 360° you can do vertical reference flying and so on I mean you can do all those crazy stuff having a ready headset so this is yeah 11 years back so 10 years back I got the first prototype working in the living room with a motion platform VR glasses and so on and then in 2015 I did mat the CTO today CTO from the company via University via university project and we just decided there that we want to build the world's best simulator then in 2016 we founded the company and just started to develop and when people so the team was growing and it was an old free time project in 2018 this was basically the Tipping Point so approximately six years back from now we've been contacted by the European Aviation Authority based on seeing a YouTube video what we've did and that's where they reach out and we realized that a part of having a Passion we out of sudden build something very is a real problem for which is very seldom having Engineers doing so yeah I didn't see that this show is brought to you by frontlines media a podcast Production Studio that helps B2B Founders launch manage and grow their own podcast now if you're a Founder you may be thinking I don't have time to host a podcast I've got a company to build well that's exactly what we built our service to do you show up and host and we handle literally everything else to set up a call to discuss launching your own podcast visit front lines. i/p podcast now back to today's episode now who are the typical customers who are you selling this to today by today it's it's pretty Road types so given that the fly simulators the traditional food fly simulators are super expensive the customers were basically the end customers Pilots they simply don't have access the op or Airlines or whatever don't have their own ones so they were always they always build simulator centers three years ago there were two simulator centers in whole Europe it was possible to get a check right on the h125 simulator so the customers there were completely different so all the pilots had to travel somewhere to make their half year check now with making this more realistic and also more affordable being more than 20 times Chief po we out of a sudden have a complete new customer base what does it mean out of a sudden you have a small helicopter operator which is able to afford training device instead of sending their pilots far away to a place to get trained so our customer base small operators small fly schools and so on which are just embedding the safe and better training into their syllabus into their initial training into their AB initial training but also into their half yearly check rights and type ratings and so on so from that point of view those are typically customers are those are buying the devices are operators fly schools and the end customers what you call the users autop Pilots how long did it take from when you first started to develop until you were generating Revenue what was that time period yeah so keep in mind until 2018 the European Authority as reached out to us our goal was not to cre business from that our goal was to create the world's best simulator so from that point of view in 2018 we decided to create the whole company into direction that we really generate business and in 2019 we got our first launching customers in 2022 we've been Break Even amazing what have you learned about go to market and bringing technology to Market throughout the journey so far yeah so one of the biggest learning was like if mentioned a week before we somehow enter in a market which already exists so I mean simulators in aviation flight simulator TR device is nothing new it's a huge business but we completely disrupt it based on the fact that out of a sudden we were able to make it affordable so it's a very similar situation like we had years ago at the universities there were those big Mainframe calculators where you had to bring the self-made software and they were running it through the main frame know big computers and so on then you got the results and then you went home by two days everyone is having their computer as a laptop or or in its mobile phone and so on and make if data it has been made affordable as well accessible so the biggest learning there was that as we had in mind fly simul it was always a fly simulator trainings being the customers from a TDM training device manufacturing but out of a sudden we were able to provide such a device doing the same thing to a fly school or to an operate which is not an environment where you have hoty several engineers and so on it is out of a sudden something complet different somewhere in a hanger build a small Loft added the simulator there and from that point of view we had to build the product first of all it was uh much more simple to use so a fly instructor can make a half a day training and then fly instructor will be able to use that device the simulator with his student or with his Pilot will reck without a lot of engineering needed out so we had to adapt the product to make it much more user friendly than traditional flly simulators are in addition we also had to create a huge organization which takes care of the customer that that machine is always qualified gets requalified is maintained and so on so so really taking care for that the customer is able to use it just as a tool embedded in their regular workflow then the second thing we also have to learn given that we completely disrupted the business model that it takes a while until those changes are happening and there is a lot of let's say dynamic in politics in because not Everyone likes it because it's rting business but that's actually also the very nice thing in the approach we are doing and last but not least we also had to learn that building a simulator is 2% of the horsing order 98% is making sure that we can qualify the simulator in a regulatory framework from Aviation so that's basically the main task out what about marketing from a marketing perspective what's the strategy right today yeah so we have a fantastic team doing great work there to make sure that we are known as as a company in the industry but also known as a company for further employees so that's working really well in the meanwhile in aviation it's known I mean especially the company itself is still the only one which is having that specific qualification achieved with that new technology so at the end we started in aviation we started in the helicopter in the rotocraft an helicopter Corner which is more an n in the whole aircraft which is also the area the visual system is very very important flying close the ground so from that point of view it is the most demanding area fix Wing are going to be easier as well EV it's much more logical to use that type of Technology but in helicopter people try never to go on the simulator they hate simulator because the simulator is simply not representative like the real aircraft so from that point of view the strategy is get the pilot on the device and then it's a done deal this is sounds quite funny but the moment more skeptical Pilots are are sitting on the device they get hands on they immediately gone and this is not a big work afterwards to convince because everyone who is a real pilot immediately understands the big Advantage because you know in real helicopter you can't do a lot of things you should do you can't do emergency training and so on malfunction training you can only talk about it on the simulator you can do real malfunction training which is basically the best thing what can happen for our pilot what about fundraising what have you learned about fundraising so far as I mentioned there in the intro you've raised over 29 million today what's that Journey been like and what have you learned this show is brought to you by the Global Talent Co a marketing Leader's best friend in these times of budget cuts and efficient growth we help marketing leaders find hire vet and manage amazing maret marketing talent for 50 to 70% less than their us and European counterparts to book a free consultation visit Global talent. yeah so we started a while back with Fool's friends and families and in 2022 we got that fantastic contact but we were able to raise 20 Millions with us I mean as you could read Sky dating and a huge Network behind basically the important thing is if you do a product or a service or a lot of passion is involved it's important that whoever is becoming an investor also needs to share that passion because that gives you a good understanding first of all of seeing in which direction it should go but also to understand the business some Vis it it sometimes sounds quite abstract what's all happening in the aviation business so if you just start looking on the numbers without understanding that first the qualification is needed that needs time we need to do things and so on it's quite important to to have that and with that we were so lucky until today to have a fantastic investors and we were super lucky to have this nicely aligned with a development path from the company so we never had to go expit run the round and start pitching the ID and so on it was just perfect timing well we got in contact with those people have you seen the conversations with investors evolved since you started in 2016 are you seeing a lot more appetite for you know hard tack like your building yeah I mean every day we get more requests to be part of capital the the reason is quite simple the moment it's understood how that several billion businesses getting disrupted the appetite is increasing and I think that's also the interesting part the way we approach the whole thing so from that point of view it is disrupting it from a distribution point of view I mean like instead of having two simulators in whole Europe we already have 50 n will follow very soon so this is one thing which is changing and the other part which is also changing is that the level of the devices are much more realistic and from that point of view it allows a much more possibility to move things into software than Hardware I'll give you an example on that if you have tradition of a full F simulator and you want to have on the helicopter a mirror to make a vertical reference training they had to add somehow a screen there which is somehow not realistic but to play to represent the mirror to watch vertical I mean those are all things you don't need to touch those are all things you can make very easily in software and then you can change it you can have fly with you can fly without you can have a different door with a different View and so on everything you don't need to touch is just software and the software which just can upgrade the boxes they are connected and so on so it simplifies a lot and out of a sudden it's it's like like a Tesla which can convert your device and upgrade it adding addition modules without having an intervention in aonics or whatever so from that point of view it is a slowly but sure move from additional Hardware thing in a specific business area into software this is always interesting for investors final question for you let's zoom out three to five years into the future what's the big picture of vision here well from that point of view the training devices in aviation the definitely if it change it's not going to be anymore a three story high building it's not going to be anymore a training center which is so expensive that you need to run it 22 hours per day it's not going into more the fact that Pilots F need to travel one day to get after work into a simulator with the wrong visual system at 2:00 in the morning it's not anymore the way that helicopter Pilots prefer to use the real helicopter even if it's much more dangerous because it's unrealistic you know so there will be a big transition in that area and uh fly training is going to be much more accessible and much more aable and there will be much more things to be done on the simulator on the f c rather than in real aircraft which has a direct impact there'll be a huge amount of accidents which won't happen anymore because when mean by today one third of the accidents is happening during tracking and training in the helicopter world and with the a ex accessibility the pilot shortage is going to be not anymore so high and the big change in that is that the training is not anymore Centric and it's much more embedded in the regular workflow from the pilot so they have the helicopter close to the simulator or they have the aircraft close to simulator they can maybe come back from a long flight leg and quickly jump in the simulator to complete the check rather than going home and the day after flying to another place to make the check and stay again three days away from the operation or from family amazing I love the vision all right we are up on time before we wrap if there's any Founders listening in they feel inspired they want to follow along with your journey where should they go well it's always a good start to follow us on social media like on LinkedIn on Facebook email wherever we are on the web page we also post our regular s that you can subscribe to get the news and definitely don't hesitate to reach out if you want to know more because it's I think one of the most exci story happening in aviation and from that point of view happy to share it with everyone who is interested amazing I love it Bobby thank you so much for taking the time especially given that it's late in the evening on a Friday there in Switzerland really appreciate it thanks a lot for having me in your show and looking forward this episode of category Visionaries is brought to you by frontlines media silicon Valley's leading podcast Production Studio if you're a pdb Founder looking for help launching and growing your own podcast visit front lines. i/p podcast and for the latest episode search for category Visionaries on your podcast platform of choice thanks for listening and we'll catch you on the next episode

- From Flight Instructor to Fintech Founder: Jason Schapperts Unconventional Path to Success: Kind: captions Language: en good day fellow dealmakers welcome to the deal Scout on today's show we're going to have a conversation with a fellow okalan we grew up in the same area together we cross past and recently reconnected on on LinkedIn to share the story of Mr Jason welcome to the show bud I'm glad to have you here glad to be here my friend and I was just as surprised I learned you from Okala we have friends in common and everything else so it's just too funny sure we cross path plenty of times yeah man' all right so we were just talking and you're like hey every once in a while I I fly to Okala and uh that's an interesting thing that I I don't know if I've heard anybody ever say that I fly to Okala why don't you kind of give an idea of you know who you are and what kind of guy flies to Okala that's right so uh I come from a very entrepreneurial family uh my parents still in Okala have a pest control business and I grew up killing bugs with Dad like that was like how I got entrepreneurial bug from from that and it it taught me so much it taught me a lot about customer service you're a sweaty stinky bug guy in August in Florida and you have to convince somebody to let you into their house like you have to get real good at sales real quick right so I I just learned so much I also learned probably something even more profound uh we grew up when we first moved to Florida we actually lived in a motel off of Highway 40 by the old Wild Waters to give you uh some flashbacks of wild waters and all that for those of you not in knowa that's like an old water par we used to have back in the olden days but they they tore it down um we lived in a motel and then we you know did eventually move into a house but we grew up like less than middle class mom and I got to see Mom and Dad husband and wife run a business together and pour everything in it and even when things look rough they still kept forward on that path like and it was just so fascinating to see that the other aspect we got to see is dad had a lot of wealthy clients uh he also had a lot of uh clients in poverty will say and I got to see both worlds I I remember walking into a wealthy person's home and going okay what a wealthy people do because I want to be wealthy and I'm gonna do the things they do remember walking in their offices and it's covered with books I'm like I should start reading more books and all these things and then you walk in someone who has a roach infested house and everything else and you go oh I don't want to be like this and it's 11 o'clock and they're still sleeping like I I built as a 12-year-old kid very quickly what successful people do and what unsuccessful people do uh and I saw it lived out through my parents and through their clientele as well so although I didn't go into the bug business uh I was bit by the aviation bug as you alluded to and how I ended up paying for my first flight lessons was not just killing bugs with Dad but Dad said anything you upsell my clients I'll let you keep and we'll put it towards your flight lessons and I said anything he goes anything so I would sell them hey Mrs Johnson I noticed your driveway needs to be pressure washed can I pressure wash that for you or hey Mr Smith there's a lot of weeds in the backyard can like and I was just doing the grunt work that no one else wanted to do because I was pursuing that dream like learning to fly is not cheap so we had to kind of go all in on this and just I have amazing parents who really kind of gave me that springboard taught me sales taught me a lot very very um early on man that's cool so uh you know what's funny about you know the uh Zoom platform is every once in a while like a AI bot tries to get in and be a part of our conversation so I just I said no to them so if you heard a beep that's what it was but in in your story what I what I love Jason is you got to see almost like the book Rich Dad Poor Dad you got to see Rich customer poor customer and you got to see what successful people do what you know mostly successful people are are rich right but what what uh depends how you determine what success is but you got to see what rich people do and what poor people you know do and you started going this is what I want for my life and this is what I don't want I don't think a lot of 12-year-olds have that kind of Intuition or kind of have that foresight to say I want this don't want that like during that time like why do you think you versus your friends had that kind of insights that's a that's a great insight and um I didn't have a lot of friends oddly enough I was always kind of the the weird kid um while kids were playing video games and stuff I was too busy pressure washing someone's driveway and mind you I went to the downtown Okala Library when it was when it was actually downtown that little hexagon building and um I would grab Zig Ziggler on CD and John Maxwell and I had my Sony Walkman and I would put it in my you know my pocket or on the lawn mow or mow in somebody's lawn and I'm listening to Zig Ziggler while I'm mowing somebody's lawn and I I I was always a little bit different like kids weren't in to reading personal development books and everything else yeah man I I listen to almost every single tape and you know cassette tape so you have to take it out and flip it over and and you know I I did the same thing and and mine came from a lot of pain growing up without money and I saw my dad who was my hero badass Vietnam vet right and I saw him cry to me about money and it freaked me out and uh so that's why I always wanted to be rich not that rich solves every issue but at least you have options right um so what what do you think was your motivating cause like why were you doing that why were you so interested in mowing lawns why were you so interested in upselling and one day becoming a pilot well that was the thing I wanted to become a pilot I didn't realize I was setting myself up with this mindset and everything else I just knew I wanted to be a pilot and again seeing wealthy people had books so I'm going to start listening to books and and I I started on audio books I wasn't a big reader I'm like well take the excuses way just listen to the thing Jason right so we did that but I just want to be a pilot so um we went through all the flight training at 16 years old I soloed at the Okala airport flew an airplane by myself for the first time uh at 17 became a Private Pilot hustled through everything and by 18 years old I was a flight instructor and I'll never forget I became a flight instructor and this is when entrepreneurship really hit home for me I had been a loyal customer of this flight school I'm now a a flight instructor typically they would hire you right they said Jason this is great we would love to hire you especially if someone homegrown you started with us knowing nothing now you're a teacher we'd love to hire you we're going to pay you 11 bucks an hour I thought wait a second for the past three four years I've been paying you guys 25 bucks an hour and I got my first taste to go wait I paay 25 an hour they only give those guys 11 bucks an hour and he's just in his office all day this this guy who owns this flight school my I'm on the wrong side of this equation here so from saving up someone I had $10,000 and this is going to sound crazy I took that $10,000 and I bought my first airplane now just picture in your mind what a $10,000 airplane looks like it is it it's I still own it to this day actually because it's kind of like like Papa John's first delivery car like you just don't want to get rid of it um 1975 cloth seats so picture in Florida your whole life everybody sweating into cloth seats like it was yucky is is the word my wife used to describe it when she saw it I'm trying to take her on a date she's like this is a yucky airplane it it had chips of paint where they just kind of did the chromate the green chromate on it so I looked like camouflage like it was an ugly plane but I said you know what I am going to I'm not going to work for somebody else I got my own airplane I got some insurance I'm gonna go teach and I'm gonna make money on my time and the airplane's time because all these Zig Ziggler Tony Robbins John Maxwell books say you got to get leverage Jason you got to make Leverage in your business so that was my early attempt to begin creating leverage in my business no kidding man so when you were like I got 10,000 bucks I'm 18 years old I went and bought a I was thinking and you're from Okala jacked up pickup truck right that's what every 18-year-old in Okala buys and you bought an you bought an airplane um so interesting you bought an asset right well some planes for some people are not assets but for you it an asset what makes a difference what's a difference between an asset and a liability the way you you saw it for the airplane I looked at it as yes this is a all of my money but this is an asset to produce further money right I I I'm I'm tracking with you I don't believe everything is truly an asset right if you're net negative on your cash flow plus with inflation you may be underwater when you try to leave that thing like a boat or something along those lines yeah all right so you you bought a plane a yucky plane right the things so maybe we'll do a interview one day from the yucky plane but uh you you you bought the plane and you started teaching students fast you know like walk us through the Journey of I I'll just do a little spoiler alert by the way guys he sold a business for eight figures okay so did did okay for himself building this uh so now let's walk into the story of what happened there sure so back to this idea of leverage right I can't be everywhere my my thought process is well I want to go to a big business I need more instructors I need more airplanes and I started getting insurance quotes to do that and looking at Finance I'm going this is this is a very highly leveraged business to go create a create a flight school like I don't know number one I couldn't do that I'm 18 19 20 years old like who's going to give me loans on brand new airplanes from Cessna or Piper or whatever it is so um at the time I was teaching a ground School uh at the oala airport and it was in person it was every Wednesday night and I was limited by a sign there that said you know Fire Marshall limits 35 people in this room and I would turn people away because of this limitation I said well this isn't leverage and about that time this little thing called YouTube was was coming up and it wasn't like YouTube in the garage but it was before Google owned it and then simultaneously in this serendipitous type Manor um a little company called GoPro was starting up and I was actually I would go to Daytona and Jacksonville a lot I was a little bit of a surfer and I'd see these Surfers with these GoPro cameras and I thought I can put those on the airplane so I took the again the last little bit of money I had I bought two hero1 GoPro cameras if you remember those yeah I left the left seat empty like Josh if you and I went and took a flight lesson you would sit in left seat I would sit in the co-pilot the right seat I left the left seat empty I put a camera like what your view would be I put another camera outside and I went out and I flew an entire flight lesson filmed everything went back to iMovie edited everything and started putting these flight lessons on YouTube and sure enough the first video got 12 views the next one got 24 the next one 4 and it just kept growing from there I thought wow maybe maybe this is the secret maybe I can teach people to fly on the internet and when I said that to everyone except my parents thought I was crazy my parents like Jason you if you think you can do it you go do it but everyone else said there's no way you can teach people to fly on the internet I said i' I'd like to give it a try I teach Ground School in person now I'll just teach it to a camera smileing to a camera I I can teach it in the airplane show show the flight maneuver show The Landing show all these different things radio communications with different towers and controllers so I began to do that uh and create leverage in the business that led uh to us launching m0a mock zero Aviation because we fly a little slow airplanes when we're learning to fly and um we launched that put everything behind a pay wall uh and I began to use YouTube as my marketing strategy um with the online Ground School behind a pay wall which was a monthly subscription and gave away some great content on the premise of hey you think this free content I'm putting out here on YouTube's good come back go to m.com and check out the stuff behind the pay wall uh I was given GE at one point literally hundreds of endorsements uh that's to take different tests everything else each and every month all across the country we end up reaching about 250,000 Pilots there's only about 450,000 Pilots uh in the United States so we really really dominated Market sharewise uh and continue to do so and um I mean I'm skipping a lot of steps there but uh that's really kind of the Nexus of where this all started was this idea of I can't be everywhere I've got to create leverage and use the internet to do it look back on on your journey to maybe an event where if that luck didn't happen if that if that event didn't happen you might not be where you are today what is that event I I know exactly what it is and it was a really really hard event so obviously starting this thing out um it was very very lean I make it sound like it was all you know unicorns and rainbows it it was not it was a very very lean start and I remember a month in particular where I went to leave the house to go to the airport and there was a tow truck sitting the end of my driveway and he was waiting for my car like I I was behind on that payment later that week the sheriff came and put a notice on the door that hey we're foreclosed on this place in 30 days unless you figure it out between you and the bank and I'm just in this really ugly place I'm putting everything into this business just like I saw my parents do but I'm behind on payments and and screwing up my credit and everything else and one day I went out to the airport I'll never forget that um that same yucky airplane I was telling you about I went to do a takeoff filming some videos uh I was at the dellan airport um and had uh an engine failure on takeoff took off I only have four cylinders I lost number three cylinder the cylinders are horizontally opposed so when you lose one cylinder the whole airplane's going back left and right left and right I I wasn't losing altitude but I wasn't gaining altitude so I kind of brought it back around and made a safe landing the airplane is covered in oil there is smoke everywhere and I remember just crying like in that moment like I don't have the money to fix this thing this is my this is my only way of making money like what else am I going to do and um a mechanic uh came to me and said hey I'll I'll buy your airplane that same that same airplane I was was telling you about and I said wow really like in its current condition he said yeah and the money was just enough to clear my debts get caught up on my mortgage caught up on my payments everything else but now I'm a flight instructor with no airplane and you know what it forced me to do it forced me to go all in on going online um Napoleon Hill talks about Think and Grow Rich that story of burning the boats like while I didn't perfectly burn the boats you know the boats the plane down almost burnt the plane down that's right um I had no choice but to make this online business work so I I went all in on a flight INR without an airplane just teaching to a camera now airspace rules regulations radio communications I'm Teach as much as I can borrowing friends planes when I can to film in and um that was the that was the big moment for me where I I realized stop taking on students Focus solely on this thing and there were some lean times there um but it's sometimes when your backs against the wall and you have no other choice but to succeed like you find a way yeah during that time where it looks really dark and you know like I've had this I used to hate the first and the 15th of every month right because that's when most bills come out and you're looking and it's you know the 31st right and the next day you know you already have eviction notices prepared like they they know you know they know you're not paying you know you're not you can't pay how did do you you know what where do you turn to in those situations what what goes on inside what what prevented you from just you know hanging it all up and go get in a job at Publix or fill in the blank I knew I knew the goal right I I knew that there was light at the end of the tunnel and again sry to keep quoting Napoleon Hill and thinking go rich but it's a favorite of mine I was really standing on the principle he says in the book in every ad there's a seed of a greater Advantage now a seed is nothing without Soil and Water and Light and time right so I said okay there's a seed to all of this right this seed is guess what moved back in with Mom and Dad you know set up in the spare bedroom a studio and just grinded it out for two years and was it embarrassing you know trying to date and tell people I live with my mom like yeah no no one wanted to date me right because now I'm a little bit older it's like it's not cool be living with Mom and Dad anymore but that's just what it took it took me to kind of lean back and say if I'm make this business work I've got to change some things in my lifestyle because you're exactly right I had more month than I had money consistently and that was the struggle and that's where we learned so much about finances by nearly losing them all zigg says this uh zigg says this money's not that important but it's pretty close to oxygen right when you don't have it man it's so scary and um you know this parlays into what you guys are doing now but be before we reveal what you guys you and wife and and you know your mission now give you guys a little hint it's around the world of Finance um before we get into that you built this up and then you got to a point where you started making money you guys became profitable talk to us about the the difference in mindset the difference in field the difference in in what goes on on a day-to-day basis with responsib and fears like what happens from going from I got to survive to wow this thing's growing and we got scale happening yeah so we began to get a little traction right you know making a few thousand dollars a month nothing exciting not like moving out of mom's house or anything like that just yet um but the biggest game changer came back to that same word which is leverage here I was I was the guy on the camera actually what I would do is I'd Focus the camera like on my chair I'd press record I'd run around sit in the chair and go hey everyone Jason shapper here with m.com i' I'd run back over stop the video upload it via firewire cable if you remember that to my to my crusty white MacBook and edit everything in iMovie like I was everything I was answering support tickets answering the phone and I thought if this business is going to grow like eventually you get to a point I'm sure someone told me like you're the problem Jason like you are the one holding this business back you need to hire somebody so I'm thinking like who who's I don't have any money to hire anybody so I put an ad out on Craigslist believe it or not I said where can I get the biggest bang for my buck I said probably somebody to film and edit the videos so I can produce content even faster and uh hired a gentleman uh for for a very very low salary I'll say um off of Craigslist and he moved to Okala for the job I think he was in the Tampa area moved to Okala for the job and we just clicked and every single day we eventually rented an old Warehouse that didn't have air conditioning but we just we filmed every single day and I was creating content and ideas I'd tell him I'm ready we'd go film it and he'd go edit while I was creating content and more ideas I thought this is this is leverage right now how do we hire more and sales team and everything else and just growing from there I was afraid to hire because I was trying to keep everything so close and sometimes in business you have to let go in order to grow got it so now you have traction right your first hire was a film guy so you can go faster you can leverage your time to focus more on doing the content and there's people who love post production work right it's a lot of work way better than I am right yeah holy moly man yeah the it's it's a lot of work creating content and then after you do the interview or do record the content then going back and and editing stuff out or making it look nice that's that's a lot of work and it's that's for me that's the hardest part is going backwards to create stuff takes the joy out of creating on the front end so you you hired that out then you started hiring sales teams and then then what happened right you started to get in traction and it started growing what did that look like what what new challenges happened there there there was always something so um a big challenge for us I say us as a team now and at this point my wife and I are involved in the business like so it's a whole family business everything else that adds unique challenges to it and um the most unique challenge came we were always selling business to Consumer Josh wants to learn to fly well he would go to mri.com sign up and and take our courses it it was that simple and then one day a college came to us I said o here's this leverage thing again right I can sell to one client who then sells their 400 students but I'll tell you what I wasn't ready for right when these colleges and if anybody's done B2B business you know this oh the the deal flow the timelines now imagine a college trying to time semesters out um I had to go through it diligence and all security diligence I'm like this is a mom and pop business like I don't I don't have servers and firewalls and everything else but they wanted all this stuff so I had to grow up as a company and evolve and while while we still keep this Mom and Pop ethos about us because I believe that I like that Scrappy Mom and Pop I can pivot and move where I want to you know non-institutionalized type Vibe I had to institutionalize some things because that's what the institutions wanted to see and that forced me to really grow up into a big boy company to put it kind of in silly terms but that's really what it is like to grow Beyond um I remember when we made that switch we were doing about $100,000 a year uh for like two three years in a row and I just couldn't break away from $100,000 a year well I was happy with it it it it was barely breaking even honestly and when we took that approach to be that that big boy business and changed that mindset and started thinking bigger after B2B clients the next year we did a million the next year we doubled again went to two million uh and Topline revenue and and that was the big Catalyst and change for us is you keep mom and pop values but you go after some B2B clients as well uh to create yet again more leverage yeah now you know there came a knock on your door one day or you know I don't know how the the sales process initiated with you kind of walk us through that was it a knock on the door and someone showed up with a you know 4 foot check here you go Jason you made it here's the check yeah um kinda I mean we weren't looking for it we uh we didn't have a broker or anything like that and I'll tell you um I'm thankful for the whole syntax of how it happened we were actually approached by uh another firm looking to buy us out maybe about 10 months earlier and the reason that other firm uh just said no we're not interested is because everything was so messy QuickBooks was a wreck and again I'm I'm sure no one from the IRS is listening but small business owners you get it sometimes you go to Publix and you use your corporate card and you go on QuickBooks and you call it office meals like don't tell me no not everybody has done that before in their life so you got this company out looking to come in and buy you and they go well you you're hardly profitable I go yeah but I pay this through the business I run that and that on my cars in there too and they go this is all great Jason but this is such a spiderweb to untangle to understand your real profitability it's not worth the time for us we're we're we're walking and I was heartbroken but it woke me up to say if we're ever going to sell back to the big boy business mentality I got to start getting more serious about QuickBooks and I shouldn't be the one reconciling it so I hired a real bookkeeper I stepped up the level of accounting firm I was working with not like you know accounting firms with skyscrapers but you know away from just an Ocala accounting firm and say an Orlando accounting firm right a little bit of a bigger step um and started to get more serious about my finances and lo and behold 10 months later uh it was actually a client that realized like Hey we're spending a lot of money with these guys guys like why don't we just buy them and and that's how the conversation started and uh they're owned by large private equity and um it was I mean the diligence process as you know and everything else was was tedious but we were actually ready for it this time because I had the spring training with the other one that I was sad that I lost but boy it really prepared us so back to that idea and every adversity there's a seed of a greater Advantage well the seed to the first loss was I cleaned up my books so I was ready for the big boy because this dollar amount was much larger than the other guy was even talking about yeah what I what I value from you know from our conversation now and of the past is you guys are on a mission now right you've walked out the door and saw the tow truck I've lost I've seen a few Vehicles go on the back of a tow truck you know saying goodbye handed off keys to the bank I've seen the eviction notices and it that kind of stuff is is very scary it's heart rate uh heart wrenching uh the conversations with the spouse or girlfriends at the time or whatever that is uh it's tough to do and um you know especially if you have kids or a family so now you guys are you guys have sold you you you said yes you went through the process you sold but you didn't just say peace out I'm I'm done world you're you're diving back in with a a new adventure a new Mission probably because of some of the pain you've experienced in the past why don't you kind of parlay us into what are you f focused on now sure so um we retired for about 48 hours and then we just decided like hey it's it's time we have we have greater things to do here on this earth right there is a calling there's a purpose uh in in this family we just want to fulfill that so um the idea uh came from Aviation actually so what we're starting right now is a business called Moola uh which we know is slang for money and it's uh investing savings uh it's very similar to lot like a bank I can't call myself a bank it's fintech um but that's that's the premise behind it you'll get a full debit card envelope style budgeting system full algorithmic uh AI driven investing and the demographic is a 30-year-old nurse who makes good money but doesn't understand same question why do I have more month than money like that's the demographic where we're after to really set people up not with just financial literacy because we're teachers at heart but propel them on their Journey towards Financial Freedom is the goal with all that and the premise came from Aviation so at any given point I have six instruments in my airplane in front of me and those six instruments tell me what just happened 30 seconds ago what's happening right now and what's likely to happen in the next 30 seconds if I keep doing what I'm doing in the airplane climbing descending turning whatever it is why don't we have the same instrument panel for our finances why can't I log into my Wells Fargo account and simply see what's happened the past 30 days what's happening now and what's going to happen if I don't get my booty and gear and start fixing this stuff like you know the rent is coming why don't you have a smart enough system to say your rent is 1,200 bucks it pulls on the third every month I know it's coming and you ain't got the money right like or stop going to Best Buy and buying TVs that's what we're really looking to create it's these um it's these guard rails and not just guard rails but it's the financial literacy aspect of things I think there's too many companies without naming a bunch of names but just the big Banks who preach they're all about financial literacy yet you look at their profit and loss statement they make a lot of money off of NSF fees and late fees and everything else but they're all about financial literacy right and I'm just like the the opposite of that like I want to show people kind of pull back the curtain and say hey the system's not rigged against you but here's how to play nice with the system so you can Propel yourself on your financial Journey that's what I want to show people so we're not just a banking and investing platform we're a financial literacy platform because at the end of the day I'm a teacher my wife and I love teaching we spent 16 years teaching Aviation now we're just teaching people how to get debt free make smart Investments and Steward their finances yeah super cool so what stage is moola you know in right now as you guys are building that out like give us an idea of where it's at because you know we might interview you in a few years and we have a a big you know story to to share with the world but you know where are you guys at now yeah so uh we've been in development for uh since about February chipping away at it and uh we're doing a soft launch in December of 2024 and uh the big splashy launch January of 2025 on the premise of it's a new year it's my New Year's resolution I want to get you know investing get put one foot in front of the other and start that Financial Journey so we're going to start on the investing side the full Investing platform will launch the public in January and the uh the savings side the bank side we'll launch about March kind of time frame debit card everything else yeah so you retired for 48 hours what did those I know that might be uh you know just a an example of of how long but like what what what did those 48 Hours look like um very very happy right I mean so the morning of the close I was refreshing my bank account so much waiting for the wire to come through that I locked myself out there's some suspicious activity from someone trying to lock in multiple times and they locked me out like no so I called the bank got that fixed and sure enough uh the money was there so first 24 hours you're like over the moon excited wife and I go to dinner and and celebrate and and everything else and then um you know just being honest with you it was kind of sad after that like you realize very quickly like it's cool to look at a bank account and see it that large yeah but okay but who cares at the end of the day like my problem was I it was 16 years of my life and maybe I built an UNH unhealthy Soul tie to that business a little bit too um but it was like my baby I mean I birthed it I almost lost it I built it up again like it was just it was kind of sad um in a way um again do would I change anything do I regret it no absolutely not but I think those going through and exit need to be ready for a wave of emotions and and make sure you have your spouse or your mentor whoever like standing by you knowing that hey this is probably there were high highs and low lows with that for sure I've I've seen this uh We've interviewed 2,000 people over the years of doing podcast interviews and we have similar stories from other people who've exited right and then you know this euphoric Rush of emotions wow I've never seen that many zeros in a bank account that's is amazing especially because I lived in a hotel not too long ago and then that feeling wears off really quick and some people um they go out and look for the next high of some sort they get into maybe Angel Investing or gambling or there you know one success means I'm great at everything and they dive into something else um what what advice do you have for other Founders who are prior exit right because you had a really nice exit and I'm I'm I'm really happy for you guys and thankful for you guys you know for the for the founder out there who's about to make that exit poll like what uh what advice you have for them first off on the exit side of things I'm sure I know you preach this but please make sure you have the legal counsel the tax Council I mean I'm this is an area to not go cheap and hire you know a divorce attorney for your business dealing like please this is the area to go all out and pay for the fancy law firm and the paral leals and the fancy tax firm those are two separate things and do that because um I made some mistakes along that way and um and it slowed down the deal a little bit um as well I could have been a little bit smarter again I wasn't expecting it but I still had the Rolodex of people I could have called to make introductions to me and I I chose to go my own route that's one little mistake I made um the other aspect of this is is um you're exactly right you come into some money now how do we Steward that money that that's the biggest question I think that's a bigger test what we're doing now than what we did with the last business like now I've got some some gasoline the previous business uh we bootstrapped do I wish we you know I don't know even know if we had like reggae stuff and the kind of stuff you talk about all the time I don't know we had that 16 years ago to be honest with you um nor was it even on my radar um now that I've got and we're building this we're building Moola with all our own Capital um you can't approach everything like you have some Midas Touch right you're not yes you just won big and that's great but boy you got to check your ego with that or you will endend up losing like we've done so much research before even diving into Moola to make sure this is the market this is the pric and structure this is the customer Avatar because I'm not Midas nor will I ever be I'm not aspiring to be right um that's you got to humble yourself a little bit yeah it's hard to be humble after you had some level of success right you know you go from negative bank account to you know a bunch of zeros right and you know the the the time I saw you know two big wire transfers go through my account I look at I go wow you know like the my mind went straight to like success and like look look at what I look at what I've done but I've made a bunch of costly mistakes and money disappears very fast yeah if if not if not careful and if not building you know the next pipeline of it um so you're building a personal finance company which is amazing right because this gives people insights as to all of the different stages that you've seen from the living in the hotel to seeing the clients to seeing the wealthy to building and and one day you now wealthy so you have seen it all maybe not all but a lot um when it comes to this Moola Mission what is the endgame what's the vision what is why like what's the how do you know you did it do you ever know that you did it right I I mean I I want to be uh at the end of the day all I really want to hear is well done good and faithful servant right that's that's what I'm really after uh to hear and did did I do my calling what I'm expected to um from a business standpoint um my honest goal with this is to do an IPO imagine the company that got so many people started investing again our Avatar is 30 years old most this would be firsttime investors you can open an account with5 bucks like let's just get you going putting one foot in front of the other imagine the people that we taught to get started investing saving getting debt free now have an opportunity to have a little piece of that company right through through an IPO through through that that public launch ringing the bell um to enjoy that so that that's uh exciting to me and that's really the uh the goal at the same time you know because you're in this world all the time that's also just the beginning we I I call that the goal but you ring that Bell you celebrate for 48 hours and it gets real quick because you got a quarterly you got quarterly reports 90 days around the corner you better get your booty in gear uh and start producing profits uh continued profits for your shareholders the story just continues right yeah yeah well fantastic Jason um what's a resource that you recommend uh other Founders who might have you know built a well you built a an edte company right like that is that how you would classify AV a great way to put it okay you're exactly right yeah for other people in the industry what's a good resource for learning growing service provider like do you do you have like a maybe a resource maybe not service provider let's not do any promotion there but like do you have a a resource of a of a book or training program or something that you'd recommend to other edtech Founders yeah it's it wouldn't just be edtech Founders I mean I think anybody that has a business that's listening to this you have to start with the foundation and the foundation is you right my dad always said believing in you starts with you Jason so I'll believe in you if you believe in you and um the books like the Think and Grow Rich like the I mean I just like you did the Tony Robbins personal power on cassette tape like these sort of things like you've got to build the mindset to to be confident enough to believe in yourself before you can go start such a business now there's a difference between being confident and being cocky by the way certainly don't want you cocky but I do want you confident in your abilities I mean if you can't think like a millionaire you're not going to build a million dollar business unless you trip into it somehow that's true it's true my uh friend Tim says humble swag right so be confident be humble uh and then walk walk with that confidence um it it is very hard to grow with an ego um so Jason uh where could people connect with you follow your journey and uh learn more sure so if they want to check everything out the website is Mula M o. M.L um also we're all over social media um it's Moola co-pilot I had to work the aviation terminology in there and that ended up being a popular AI term now right with everybody everybody has a co-pilot now uh Microsoft and everybody else but it's mola copilot um any of your platforms Tik Tok YouTube doesn't matter uh just search mola copilot you'll find us on there and we're following the same kind of model we follow with the aviation business which is we give away some of our best content as you'll see on there like how to improve my credit score should I buy a home right now what did Warren Buffett why did Warren Buffet just sell all this stock what does that mean for me all these different shorts and videos and everything else um with the premise of hey sign up for the mola app see even more inside and take charge of your financial future like that's really the premise behind all of this so whatever platform they're on search Mula co-pilot find us and of course uh depend on when they're listening to this they can find us in the App Store as well super cool well fellow Doom makers thanks for listening into today's interview with Jason um as always reach out to our guests say thanks for being on the show and if you have a deal that you'd like to talk about head on over to theed deal scout.com fill out a quick form maybe get you on the show next till then we'll talk to you all on the next episode love you guys cheers

- The UnXplained: The Wright’s Brothers Revolutionize Flying (Season 3) | History: Kind: captions Language: en december 17 1903 kitty hawk north carolina witnesses gathered to watch the final test of a revolutionary new flying machine invented by brothers wilbur and orville wright orville took his position in the cradle wilbur was on the right wing they started the engine and behold 40 feet down the rail the aircraft lifts up they flew 120 feet in 12 seconds 12 seconds that changed the history of mankind forever the successful test of the wright brothers flying machine was a watershed moment in human history the 12-second flight proved that sustained controlled powered flight was in fact possible for the wright brothers this achievement was the fulfillment of a childhood dream one of the most extraordinary things about the rights is the fact that they were two ordinary people from a middle class family in ohio [Music] their father was a bishop and he was a voracious reader and so there were books in the right household of all sorts their mother was a sort of mechanical whiz she loved fixing things building them toys and so they got a sort of taste from her a kind of mechanical taste the story of the wright brothers actually started 25 years before kitty hawk when they were seven and 11 years old when their father brought home the toy flying machine built by a frenchman alfonso panel this was powered by force of a twisted rubber band and that really amazed the wright brothers because they had never seen a toy flying machine in their lives being curious they played with it and they broke it but they didn't just throw it away first they repaired it but then they started to reproduce the toy themselves the wrights owned the right cycle company in in dayton ohio and they were bicycle salesmen uh and and repairmen they were always curious technically minded motivated young people who built a bicycle shop and made a profit in order to put money into test flights at one point wilbur says the problem of flight is actually a thousand problems first you have to raise the money to solve the problem well that's a very different disposition than the technical mind who can figure out the uh the equations for air pressure and lift and these sorts of things in 1899 the wright brothers performed their first flight experiment by testing a rudimentary kite flyer they also looked to nature for clues on how to solve the problem of power flight they saw all these examples in nature of flight the butterfly the dragonflies the buzzards and vultures and they found that there were two methods of flight the fast wing beaters and then the sauron birds they patted their machine after a particular bird the turkey vulture which was a very good soaring bird they would read books about animal locomotion and look at bird's wings and people were like what are those guys doing but they were looking at the way the birds twist their wings because neither of them went to college the rights benefited from breaking the chains that might have otherwise have bound their minds the wright brothers took these unconventional observations of animals flying in nature and applied them to their flight experiments this innovative approach would prove to be a stroke of genius the major breakthrough that the wright brothers discovered was the curvature of the wing has a dramatic effect on the ability to produce lift wilbur one day was in the bicycle shop and he held a bicycle inner tube box and as he twisted the ends of the box he had an aha moment and realize that the box ends move very much like the wingtips of the birds he integrated that idea into what he called wing warping in the wing design that we see on the 1903 right flyer the wright brothers always said when people asked them what got you interested in flight what made it such that you wanted to solve the problem of flight why did you persevere through all your failures they would say we did it for fun we were having fun and then they would say we were frustrated that a lot of smart people thought flight should work and it didn't work and we wanted to know why and we wanted to fix it the wright brothers incredible innovations allowed them to solve the centuries-old mystery of powered flight in fact so much of what we take for granted today from commercial airlines space shuttles can be traced back to these two ordinary brothers and their unlikely stroke of genius there were many people before the rights who attempted to create flying machines you can think about people like leonardo da vinci you can think about edison who was interested in the problem alexander graham bell the genius of the wright brothers is what they had was a gumption to say why not us you

  Top Comments:
  1. @HISTORY [12 likes]: Watch all new episodes of The UnXplained, Fridays at 9/8c, and stay up to date on all of your favorite The HISTORY Channel shows at http://history.com/schedule.
  2. @rapha_q7966 [1 likes]: This is the biggest fake news in history.  Santos Dumont invented plane. The Wright brothers invented Angry Birds.
  3. @marcomenezes9135: 340 kg com 12 hp, com essa falta de petróleo deviam voltar com esta tecnologia.
  4. @aypenutbutter: Thank goodness they thought outside the box
  5. @wolfboy8482: The story of the Wright Bros has always been my favorite subject in American history.  I read a book about them in 1970 during the 4th grade, growing up in Arkansas. I read another book about them 50 years later while actually in North Carolina
  6. @energeticodegoiaba6974: santos dumont>
  7. @GioBenji-m5r: 👏🏻👏🏻
  8. @TonyBorger-yi3wl: WRONG 
NOT the wright brothers. A prototype aeroplane using electroaerodynamic propulsion flew for 12 seconds, the same as the Wright brothers achieved with their maiden flight. 
It is a historical fact that the Wright brothers flew their bird-like monoplane on 17 December 1903. But New Zealander Richard Pearse was the first person to fly, as early as 31 March 1902, more than 18 monthsbefore the Wright brothers.
Later, witnesses reported that Pearse flew 400 metres and soft-landed on a hedge on his Timaru farm. His aircraft was also the first to use proper ailerons, instead of the inferior warping system that the Wrights used.

And the deal struck by the wright brothers with the smithsonian institute is if they admit they are wrong then they lose the Wright brothers plane on display.
  9. @janetshleweit615: The only way I could do that was if
  10. @MrRandymens: The Sky Exploration Began Here. Before Moon Landing Permit was Granted by God. Bishop Sons
  11. @dr.wilfriedhitzler: Otto Lilienthal discovered the curved profile as the key to the lift of wings - more than one decade before the Wright Brothers. BE MARITAL, they knew that! Don’t tell lies here!
  12. @allgood6760: Our Richard Pearse flew in MARCH 1903 and he had eye witness testimony.. cheers from NZ mate 🇳🇿
  13. @scruge100: They stole the idea. Infact, they stole the entire plane. This is yet another lie! If they really invented it, why aren't they one of the riches families on the planet? Think about it.
  14. @renatocann5142: 1:02 Wait you're saying people from a MIDDLE CLASS FAMILY from... OHIO (gasp) can achieve things?? What a stupid way of framing it.
  15. @pabloportilho86: Was man call Santos Dumont that did aero plain to flay for minuts ...
  16. @suzanibafazi8661https: WHAT IS INTERESTING 🧐 IS THAT EVIDENCE HAS COME OUT THAT BLACK 🙎🏿‍♂️ AMERICAN 🇺🇲 SLAVE CHARLES FREDERICK PAGE INVENTED THE MORE BALLOON 🎈🎈 AIRCRAFT 🛩️ A MONTH BEFORE THEM BUT BECAUSE HE WAS A SLAVE AND IT WAS DURING JIM CROW SEGREGATION HE NEVER GOT CREDIT THEY DID.
  17. @Philemathics-tc2nu: ❤❤
  18. @leolacasse6278: that machine  has cost humanity so many lives, from hiroshima to tenerife, should never been invented. If god meant for man to fly, he would have given us wings.
  19. @storytellerblr: What is the movie name??
  20. @Rasim-b3f: It starts with a daydream

- The Story of Aero Strange Founder | Innovation in Aviation & Science: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Today I want to share something truly extraordinary. Aerostrange. It's not just a brand. It's a vision. I've always believed that curiosity and knowledge are the foundations of innovation. And that's exactly what Jai Raj, the founder of Aerost Strange, has built an incredible platform for aviation enthusiasts, science lovers, and aspiring innovators. From in-depth lessons about Airbus and Boeing cockpits to interactive apps and digital courses, Aerostrange brings the world of aviation and science directly to your fingertips. It's educational, inspiring, and incredibly engaging. What I admire most is Jai Raj's philosophy. Gain and train others without criticizing. In a world where knowledge is power, Aerostrange is empowering the next generation to learn, explore, and dream big. So whether you are fascinated by airplanes, technology, or just want to learn something new every day, Aerostrange is your gateway to discovery. Join the Aerostrange community today and let your curiosity take

- CES Success Story: Bell: Kind: captions Language: en we are a technology company that provides vertical lift solutions to the world the reason Belle comes to CES is first our cultural transformation that's ongoing right now from becoming a helicopter and tiltrotor company to a technology company it's the perfect match for us to start showing up at CES and we've exhibited at CES for two years now this year are really excited to unveil to the world Belle Nexus Belle Nexus is the heart of our on-demand mobility philosophy so Belle Nexus will take on the air taxi mission as well as a logistics mission if you need that as a part of your business with the Belle Nexus this is the first time that a company is really building an aircraft that's not for a known operator we are conducting the future flight controls research study here at CES the goal of this study is we want to define what non commercial pilots need to operate a vehicle CES is a great opportunity for us to look at a technical technical savvy population and have them participate in this research study so we can design controls that are intuitive to them and will ultimately allow them to operate an aircraft in the same safe and efficient manner that a commercial pilot does I come here looking for new customers new partners and talent CES provides this wonderful backdrop for new conversations about what you're doing at your company that everyone else might not know about we've had wonderful interfaces with companies like Microsoft and Intel and Denso that's around the corner from us and we're looking forward to creating momentum with the people that we meet here and open up the market for the nexus and have the folks that I've seen today and last year be the first to jump onboard [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @yahyafati [1 likes]: 1st view and Comment

- Startup Stories - Rasha Alshami: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning everyone. Um happy Monday. I am excited to be here today. I am joined with uh founder of Limeport which is fantastic cool company. I got a demo of it. Uh Rash Al Shami. She's the founder and just an amazing person. I've gotten a chance to get to know her a little bit and just this wonderful career um and has really taken all of her huge brain power and has now focused it into this really cool startup. And so I'm excited for her to chat a little bit about what she's doing today and uh and connect with the community. So with that, Russia, please introduce yourself. Thank you Molly and I appreciate the time and the invitation to talk and share a little bit more about Lang Pors on this beautiful podcast. I'm very excited to be here and and share our story. So, uh what we do at Lineports, we provide software solutions that are focused on the integration between aviation and infrastructure. So, that's the ground. Um the beauty of this is that we could integrate better in a safer way what is considered a new technology that is popping up, a new layer that is being added to the aviation and that is advanced air mobility. Um, so advanced air mobility to be a little bit more specific, it's about this new type of aircrafts that are coming up whether we're talking about drones or a little bit bigger than drones that could take off vertically and those require better infrastructure, better spaces and they will come more closer to our cities. Um the beauty of line course is that it can help anyone not necessarily an architect or an engineer or an aviation expert better understand how they could integrate those and design them better at some point maybe in the future. Um you know if you would like to have your or own your own airport or your own landing in your backyard line would be the software for that. Uh but that it's a little bit more in the future. As of today we're helping airports we're helping developers. We're we're helping also cities integrate this new technology, these new aircrafts in a better and safer way. Um also to add a little bit more to this is we have seen a lot of accidents happen um you know with a lot of aircrafts, helicopters, commercial jets and so on. So we need to understand that there's heavy traffic in our airspace as of today and that is not enough for airports to accommodate and to host um sorry excuse me for airports to host um so that's why you know it's really important to plan our cities to plan our um urban fabric properly and that's what Lineforce does I love that that's a perfect short synopsis of what you do although I feel like it's so much more I want to dig in a little bit on that I your background So why you're this is the perfect project for you? I mean you were you were an architect. I am. I am actually. And I apologize that my camera keeps um off. It captures me literally in in really funny moods. Um so yes, I'm actually an architect. I graduated as an architect. Um I didn't necessarily wanted to be an architect. It was just an accident that I got into this school. Um and I did pretty well. But I was always fascinated with technology. So I started um my masters in robotic programming which I fell in love with all the software side of things um and developing you know uh deep tech and so on. Um and then I started working at this really large firm that is called Zahadid Architects. They design airports. That's when I got my first you know uh big project to kind of collaborate on which is Western Sydney airport. I also worked on Beijing airport. um and other projects. And from there I was fetched to support Liliam. Um that was a little bit back like 5 years ago. And it was very exciting because back then there was no guidance, no regulation. So you're literally given a white paper to design and help the regulators, the cities, the operators understand better what the aircraft needs. And that is really really interesting because not a lot of architects get that chance. Um and that's when I realized you know it's it wasn't really an easy job because we were looking at a lot of locations. I'm pretty sure also a lot of you know operators and uh OEMs which are the aircraft manufacturers are doing the same. Um and it requires a lot of you know heavy tools a lot of monitors to to do that job. Um and that's when I decided to to depart that journey and start a software company. So from an architect to a software developer. That's great. Oh, it's great. Well, can you talk a little bit about um how the what the founder journey has looked like for you so far? Wow, that's a that's an amazing question. Um so definitely a very amazing interesting journey uh from different aspects. So obviously it's heavy on work. Uh you you know when you when you start a company you need to do everything together from signing up and registering the company, understanding the business side of things, um developing the software, finding people to support you, building the right team and finding you know ambitious motivated people as you to bring on board. That is definitely one task that is super critical for a company. Um and I really appreciate you know that when we spoke and I mentioned this to you how how important it is to bring a team member and you you were super supportive in uh connecting us to to really nice amazing people but talent is really important in building a company. I know there's a lot of AI stuff that is going on and that obviously supports the founder journey for sure but still the human aspect of it and connecting with people and bringing in team members is really important. Um so the founder journey is definitely not for the um coolhearted um but it's definitely something that requires a lot of work patience uh motivation keeping in you know being pres preser preservance um yeah uh perseverance. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Um, so it it does all of that, but obviously we were super lucky to get support from so many wonderful people like yourself and you know our accelerator programs, uh, friends, families, colleagues, ex-colagues. So it's been definitely a really wonderful journey for us. I think you're too generous as a regards to me, but I appreciate that you guys are doing very cool things. I'm happy to support and I hope our community jumps in. a call to the community jumps in and supports you too because it's really really cool what you're building. Um, okay. What does this year look like for you? Um, I mean to be from which side? Because there's a lot Yeah. building your business. Um, so for us um of course I mean we want to get closer to our clients, our customers. We see the US as an innovator in terms of the aviation and airspace. Um that's something that we really are looking forward. That's why also we incorporated in the US. So for sure having you know moving a little bit more closer to the innovation it really matters for us for this year. Um of course growing our product um reaching out to more people growing our team. I mean we're looking to have more talented people especially on the software side uh business side you know join us um join a startup uh company that is growing in this really wonderful fast-paced industry uh that's something that we're looking on for for this year. Okay, that's fantastic. Um I was hoping you'd also maybe talk a little bit about um because you're bootstrapping, right? Yes. What h what does that look what does that look like? We laugh cuz it's exhausting. What does that look like uh for you and your company? Do you have any tips or recommendations for someone who maybe is looking to do that too or warnings like prepare yourself for this? It's hard. So I mean when because I was at Liliam and that was my first time understanding you know and I was also part of the business development team. So understanding better you know that that you need to run after investors to help you you know to help you move forward with your product is something that is not an easy job but I also feel that there's a lot of um misunderstanding when it comes to you know reaching out to investors and for them to invest in you. Um, a lot of companies have been bootstrapped and they got to be a multi-million dollar companies. You know, you don't need to be to find an investor to to find a market uh uh a product market fit or to grow a company or um to grow a team. Um I think there's a lot of misunderstanding when it comes to investment in general. But obviously it's not an easy job, right? Like you when you don't have the money, how would you grow the product? Uh but luckily for us, I mean we have been growing with the industry a little bit. you know um also for myself to invest a little bit in the company that meant a lot and helped us a little bit grow. Um but I believe that you know you could do wonders just with a brain and a laptop from your room uh without necessarily raising VC money. Um, and I think that's a really important thing to highlight, but also I mean there's also bad uh uh bad sides and uh good sides to to each approach, right? Um things might be slower when you're bootstrap than when you go and get some uh investment. Uh you could also, you know, think about it from dilution perspective when you're looking to have investors on board. But for us, I mean, when we're looking for investors, we're looking for a little bit more of a strategic investor rather than just taking money from random uh VC that doesn't necessarily understand the sector that we're working on or the product that we're developing. Um, so obviously we're being a little bit more picky with regards to who would be investing in line ports, but at the same time, uh, we understand that at some point we will be raising funds. So, um, that's that's the two sides that, you know, I I believe they're not so much being spoken about. Mhm. No, I love that. And I also think, you know, as a female founder, right, it's it's interesting how, you know, such a especially in aviation, it feels like it's a small pool of of people, right? Women founders in aviation. And then you think about getting funding. And I love that you're bootstrapping. I love that you're doing yourself and that you're being selective because I think that that is um really powerful because you know the value of what you have and what you're building. So I think that that's that's a really really well done. Um okay, so as we move through this, I wanted to ask you um I'm just getting started. I have an amazing idea. I have a laptop and a brain. What do I do? Where do I go? What do I do? Right? How do I what does that first year look like? What did it look like for you? Oh. Oh, you're bringing up so many beautiful memories and painful ones, too. Um, so before I go into that, you did highlight something that is very interesting. You know, being a fe female founder in a in a male-dominated industry, um, is something that is not easy, but to be honest, also a lot of the male colleagues that is in that are in this industry are very supportive. Yes. Um, the reason why I'm mentioning it, maybe I'm not feeling it too much because I don't think about it too much. I think females tend to overthink and take things a little bit more personally. Uh, but once you get that out of the way, things become so crystal clear and easy to to maneuver. Um, regarding the female side of things for us, like I really want to grow the balance between male and female in our team. Um and it's so hard to find females in the industry that you know would be willing to uh join a startup, a growing startup and you know help us also grow with with our product and uh clients and customers and so on. So that's something that is really really hard to find which brings me to answer your question. How was the first year? Um so the first year was really hard because I was looking for someone specifically a female to you know join me on this journey. Um especially you know after contemplating a little bit whether I made the right decision. Um, and of course my family is a little bit away from all this tech world understanding what is a software um or what is this advanced air mobility or aviation like they just understand okay I'm just going to book a ticket and I'm going to fly. So explaining to them a little bit more about what I'm doing was really really hard. Uh but I got the support I needed from my family. I mean without them I wouldn't be here. Um, but obviously, you know, um, I've I've started the company in Romania. Um, I speak the language. I am Romanian, but it's also a little bit hard because I've never lived in Romania. So, I just literally went to Romania, wanted to start a company. I cannot read very well and I need to, you know, manage around what is required and that is very, very hard. And to be honest, not a lot of people talk about this, you know, understanding your finances, your accounting, um, paying taxes because you need to Yes. yourself. Um, and there, you know, when you're an employee, um, that's automatically done for you. It's automatically deducted for you in Europe. I I'm not sure how it is in the US. Yeah. So, these things, uh, obviously matter, play a huge role. So understanding those steps and building a product and building a team next to it, it's really tough. It's it's a lot of sleepless nights. Uh I have to admit um that's why I said that it's not really to for the coldhearted. Um it's more of like you know trying to push as much as possible to get somewhere uh getting the clients getting market feedback and growing with a company. Um, so yeah, I I definitely the journey was not an easy one, but if you would ask me, would I do it again? Absolutely. With a like without even thinking. That's great. I mean, that's that's the feedback that you want, right? Would you do it again? Yes, I would. 1,000%. Yes. I don't think anybody likes doing taxes. It's tax day tomorrow in America and United States, and it's I don't think everyone's dreading it. Like, that's when it's, you know, the 15th. So, um, no, that's not fun for anybody. Uh especially when you have to figure it out on your own and you're like googling is this am I going to go to jail if I don't do this? Oh my gosh. Um okay. Is there anything that you would like to add that we haven't covered that we haven't done um that you want to share with the community? Actually speaking of of taxes, I have to admit that once we signed up to incorporate it in the US, like a lot of things are if you don't do this, you'll get a pen penalty or imprisonment. Um, so obviously, you know, taking this a little bit more of oh my god, like something will happen if I don't if I miss the payment or if I excuse me if I don't know what to do. That of course was an eyeopener. Uh, but I understood that, you know, you get more of a a warning first and then until you build up to the imprisonment or the penalty. It's so scary. You're like, "Oh, oh my gosh, I don't want to go to jail." Yeah. Yes. Yes. Indeed. But it's it's definitely interesting because coming from uh you know I mean considering the the work that we have done in Romania to build the business and incorporating the US there's a lot of emitted facts or knowledge that you get to know before you build the company. Um you know some of the things that uh probably are not often talked about when someone has an idea and wants to start something. um you know doing the research that is required beforehand is really important. I didn't do that in when I started in Romania. I just went ahead went to the registration office did the registration when they asked me do you want an NL LLC or a C corp or something similar. I had no idea like I was like whatever is there just give it to me. I want a company name so I can register the domain. Uh but technically speaking not even then I needed that. I should have just started building the product and then growing from there. I think there was a lot of stuff that I was trying to do in a more uh systematic way that was not needed. But coming with that knowledge and experience obviously and incorporating in the US it's much easier um especially you know doing that research bit of it also helps. But I would definitely encourage people that have an idea to just jump on it. I mean for in my case I quit my job but in other cases probably you don't need to quit your job. You have AI you have a lot of tools at hand um that can support you to start your journey. Mhm. That's that's a great quote. Although I do think I will say this quitting your job uh there's urgency. So if you do quit your job then there's like urgency to do to to make it happen which is nice. So there is that element. So there's kind of like both sides of the coin which I like. And you were all in. you moved to a whole another country and you're like, "Oh, I don't know if I can read the language." And you just did it. I love that. You're amazing. Um, okay. The last question we always ask, which is one of my favorites, is what are you currently reading right now? And it doesn't have to be a business book. It can be anything. To be honest, I don't have time to read. I am reading all of the stuff that are required on the business side. A lot of Googling and researching. Uh but uh one book that I would definitely recommend which was the last book that I read is Never Split the Difference. Super interesting book about negotiation and understanding you know the other person or the other uh uh side of uh of the of what you're communicate who you're communicating to. Um it's definitely interesting. Um and you know understanding the human behavior that definitely helps uh building up a business. So, that's one book that I've the last one I've read before I started jumping into doing a lot of research and doing reading a lot of research documents. That sounds good. Never split the difference. Okay, I'll make sure I link that to the in the in the video description as well as um your website and your LinkedIn and hopefully everyone will reach out and connect with you. And it was just such a pleasure having you on the podcast today. Thank you so very much. I'm excited to see what this year holds for you. Thank you, Molly. Appreciate it. Thank you for the invitation. [Music] Hey.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CashCastillo-om8ew: Very impressive Rasha.  Congratulations.
  2. @cleopetraalzoubi6614: That's so inspiring ❤
  3. @cleopetraalzoubi6614: Wowww

- Startup Stories - Outbound Aero: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning everyone, welcome to this episode of Beyond Max Q. I have two people here today that I get to interview. I'm really excited, the co-founders of Outbound Aero I've had the privilege of working with them in the past and they are some of the most hardworking founders. I know that's kind of a cliche, right? All founders are hardworking, but they truly have grit and determination and are building something very, very special. And so I'm excited to be able to interview them today and hear their story. so we have Ian and we have Jake, and I don't know who wants to go first, but with that, please feel free to interview or introduce yourselves. Sure. So I'm Ian, I'm the CEO and co-founder along with Jake here. We are building next generation aircraft is our vision. And a lot of that hinges on a need to develop next generation manufacturing to support a new era of aircraft. I'm Jake, I'm an engineer. I've worked in aerospace, in aviation and aerospace for about eight years prior to starting this. And I wanted to bring a lot of the excitement that we had in the new space industry back to the aviation industry. I feel like that's been missing a lot. Yes, no, I love that. That's great. I would love to hear a little bit about what you're building. think you guys get so excited when you talk about it because it's your passion. so I would love, tell us about your company. Tell us about what you're building. Yeah, so as Ian mentioned, we build next generation passenger aircraft. We founded outbound because we spent a lot of time looking at the aircraft industry, wondering kind of what the problems were in there. And then we also spent a lot of time looking at the space industry and wondering like, how did this industry move so much faster? How did the new space industry move so much faster than the legacy aerospace industry? in my career, I've worked on commercial aircraft. have hardware on the 777 and on the 747. And then after I left Boeing, I went over to the rocket industry and when I was building Terran 1 at Relativity Space. I started to realize that all of the processes that we were using, the tools and the technologies and everything, directly can be translated between new space and aviation. The aviation industry is slow and cautious, which is a good thing in a lot of ways. But it's also led us to where we are today, where there's two players who have kind of gobbled up everyone else in the market, and neither of those companies can deliver products to schedule or can really deliver any innovation. And the whole world, quite seriously, is hurting from it. Everyone, four billion people a year, get on passenger airplanes. And that's four billion people a year where higher ticket prices affect them, where travel delays, where cancellations, and everyone has experienced this at some point or another, almost. When we started looking at some of the new manufacturing technology that was out there, we realized that we had a chance right now to adopt it before any of the other primes could, because we have some pretty good insights on how to combine the rapid prototyping with more enduring, with materials like composites and with some other more reliable building methods. So the biggest one of the biggest concepts that I kind of picked up in the space industry is this idea of software defined tooling, where instead of in the past, you'd have really big like fixed tooling, big giant jigs or molds that, you know, are each built that take, you know, months to over a year to build some time and cost hundreds of millions of dollars. The space industry, in particular, relativity adopted using the started using these very large robots for 3D printing. And so they could print any kind of arbitrary shape on their printers. And I was watching them print, I watched them print like the nose cone and the fuel tanks and the fuel domes and barrels on the same machine without, know, and all they changed was a few lines of code. while we're not 3D printing the rocket, we started to realize, well, this kind of concept of how you are, how you're like putting all of your complexity into sort of the robots and into the software that actually like builds parts like molds and jigs and tools. That is a monumental cost savings that allows you to build really exciting, really experimental and very exotic shapes with your airplanes. And there's sort of a, dawning of this idea that came to me over the, over a couple of weeks at a time at a relativity where I realized that, wow, this technology lets us build exotic aircraft that current manufacturing just can't quite, produce reliably and, and repeatably at scale. So how does that make you guys different? What are you building? So our airplane is a mid-market passenger airliner. It's a 767, 757 size replacement. But we are using a blended wing body profile and we're bringing in modern, higher performance electronics and avionics systems that have been developed and proven out on launch vehicles like Falcon 9 and Starship and Terran 1. By doing that, we're able to build a plane that has the range and payload of a 767, but does it with the fuel consumption of a 757. So we're burning about half of the fuel of the large widebody aircraft that we replace. Yes, that's huge. So sustainability, big, you know, is that an important factor for you guys then? It is a lot. Immediately we have this huge reduction in fuel burn, but other parts of it we want to remove. There's other things that like help sustainability and aviation. We're moving towards more recyclable materials and more reusable processes. Carbon fiber production has tons of waste in material supplies and scrap and a Consumables And so part of what our technology does is it allows us to actually like reduce the amount of consumables and the amount of waste in the composites manufacturing process. And then because we're printing our molds out of recyclable parts, we can actually go ahead and after we've, you know, We've built a mold and if we need to scrap it or get rid of it, we can shred it and reuse it in the same kind of printing process, which is kind of a cool longer term thing that we're looking at. very cool. Yes, I love that. Okay, well, I'm gonna shift to Ian for a moment because people couldn't tell Jake is like the hardcore engineer, super techie. And actually, I love that you're usually fiddling with something. The last time we were on a call, had like a lighter. I don't even know what he was doing. He's like, he's got his little things that he has and I love that because you're always thinking about building and you're, I think you're wiring something on another call, which was really great. So it's just like your brain is always going and it makes me happy. But Ian, I would love to talk to you a little bit about outbound and then your vision for it and have a space to kind of talk about what you think it looks like. Sure, so you asked a couple questions that I want to circle back around on, and you asked specifically what is it that we're doing that makes a difference? And I think I really want to pull at the thread of iteration. When you look at the aviation industry, they have in the recent history had this concept of you build it once you build it right. And that exists for a lot of reasons, many of which are good, but are very dependent on this history, this thinking that You can't mess up because it costs too much to do that. And I mean, physical money costs too much. And if we look at a modern manufacturing capability that allows us to build airframes at scale for reduced costs and allows us to test them in a way that is safe and is very cost effective. Now all of sudden the iteration capability and by which I mean actually building physical products, learning something and moving forward very, very quickly. The rate of that goes through the roof and that's where all the learnings that are necessary to actually build something right occur. And so we see this history recently where industry has tried to build something right the first time and has struggled to do that. Thank and on the other side of that, see, you know, new space that said, okay, we're going to build a rocket, but the first time we build it, we know something's going to go wrong. And that's okay because what we get out of that is a massive amount of data that tells us so much more than if we spent five years and the cost of five years, man hours, simulated and simulating and thinking about it. And instead of doing that, let's just go build it and learn and then move forward. And in three, six, nine months, you're moving so much faster than everyone else around you. And likewise, we see that in other industries, right? In the medical industry, we see them iterating very quickly and prototyping before something ever touches a patient or in the automotive industry, right? They test vehicles very, very quickly or new engines, right? And so there's this interesting thing that happened in aviation where they kind of stopped doing large scale tests because there was an assumption that it costs too much. and that was true, but it is no longer based off of the technology that we're building. I love that, that's a great answer, to that end, I want to talk about Steve, if you guys are okay with it, because I love the name and I also would love you just tell the audience about Steve. And no it's not a person. so Steve is our first vehicle on our iteration pathway. We have four vehicles on our path. Steve's the first one. Steve is a 22 foot wingspan, about 300 pound vehicle that is an eighth scale of our full size Olympic airliner. And it allows us to demonstrate that manufacturing technology I was talking about wherein we went and built in the style of a full size aircraft, this large UAS drone essentially in the style of an airplane. And we did that in nine months for about a hundred thousand dollars on vehicle. That's a cost and a speed at which I don't think exists anywhere else in the history that we in the, the industry that we can find. And so when you're talking about doing that and we could go do that again, we could do it faster now that we've done it once, right? But we're not going to, what's next is to actually scale up and go about double the size. We're going to go to a 50 foot test bed. now that allows us to take that manufacturing technology, demonstrate it on a larger scaled up version, as well as start testing the systems that we're building to go on the aircraft. And that's a large 50 foot blended wing style test bed aircraft, essentially. Top secret. Okay, top, okay, all right. We'll call it Tom Cruise. It's like Maverick or something. We'll have to like pretend it's a name. There you go, Big Steve. I love it. Please. the sort of like main The best example of a blended wing body demonstrator aircraft is the Boeing X-48, which was built and flown throughout the 2000s in a partnership with Boeing and NASA. took them several years and they built a large, about a 21 or 22 foot scale gas turbo kerosene jet powered demonstrator. And that plane weighed around 450 or 500 pounds and it was used to do all sorts of like flight control testing and aerodynamic proof testing. It kind of validated in a lot of ways the blended wing body plan form. what we wanted to validate was our ability to build that same airplane years faster than Boeing and for much lower cost while demonstrating novel carbon fiber manufacturing technology. And so we did just that in about nine months. I mean that's incredible to be honest. know how hard you worked, you and your team. So I mean it was really, really well done. want to pull on what you said there that one of the most important things that we have to do and are doing already is building this incredible team. And I'm so, proud of what they did and pulled off. We have five full timers and then about 10 other people who've come in and helped us in some capacity or another, including taking weeks off of work to come help us because they understand and are just so excited by this vision of building a next generation vehicle. And so I'm so thankful for them and I just want to make sure that they get it a proper shout out. actually talking about the team, I think a lot of folks in the startup community would be interested in hearing your founder story because you are two co-founders. And I think a lot of people are looking for a co-founder. They're interviewing for a co-founder. How did you know that Jake or Ian was the right co-founder for this? And what is your guys story a little bit? And also, if you could dig in a little bit on... why you're complimentary to each other. Because I know that you guys work great together. I would love for you to talk about it a little bit for the community. Yeah, I will try to shorten what is a 15 year brotherhood, I guess. So Jake and I went to college together. We were part of founding a team in college that we took to a world championship several times. It was a robotics team. And there were a number of us on that team that kind of circulated ideas constantly and still do. about 2020, I reached out to Jake with yet another idea. and said to him, you know, why don't we just go build an airplane? Why don't we just build a 737 replacement? And fully honest, full disclosure here, Jake just laughed at me and said, like, there's no, there's no way you can do that, right? That takes, you know, 20 years and $50 billion. And no one can do that except Boeing and Airbus. And I, at that point, I was transitioning between a couple different companies and projects that I was working on, and had this kind of depth of understanding of manufacturing that was good for not aerospace, but I knew that there were problems in the aerospace industry. And so I was like, you know, I don't know aerospace to say if you're right or wrong, but you, Jake, right, you are the airplane guy that I know. And I mean that quite seriously, that Jake is this like airplane, he's going to kill me, but genius, right? That just like he can recite crashes from memory. He can recite like everything about an airplane. was like, look, Jake, I think there's an opportunity here. when Ian asked me about this, I had spent about six years at Boeing at this point. And I'd worked on a number of different commercial planes and I'd also worked on the CST-100 Starliner. so, you know, Boeing takes 10 years and $10 billion to do just about anything. But... I started thinking about how like the SpaceX Dragon capsule and the whole Dragon program when compared to the Starliner program, we had the same set of design requirements, we had roughly the same budget, and SpaceX just kind of blew Boeing out of the water in every single way. While the Boeing sort of line on the whole program was, we're the best in the industry, no one else knows what they're doing, we'll get here before anyone else. And so I started thinking, wait a second, if this is what they said about spacecraft, maybe that's true about aircraft as well. And maybe, well, so what are they doing in the space? industry to do better. And so I ended up leaving Boeing and I went to Relativity and I worked on this new rocket program there and kind of like worked and lived with a lot of people who had built SpaceX rockets, know, people from the original SpaceX, people from the Dragon program and everything like that. And I started to pick up exactly what it was. And after a couple of years there and I had this realization about how they manage tooling and how they manage design and engineering and a couple of other really cool aha moments for me. I called Ian back and I said, hey man, maybe you were right and maybe we can do it a lot faster. Maybe. clear, like I wanna get that right. We continued talking, but maybe, I don't know, what were you doing those years? right? I feel like that's important to call out because it also means like, you know, what some things meant to be right? It might not be right now, but it might be in a couple years and then it's and then it's like really takes off. And I think that's an important point because sometimes people point force it in the right now when maybe it's not the right time. Yeah, there was definitely learning that had to be done. mean, look, any any founder who tells you they know everything going in is wrong, right? Like there was learning that had to happen before we started and learning that has happened once we started and continues to happen every day on different elements of the business and technical and all of that process. So while Jake was out learning about the new space industry, I was actually in the medical industry at that point, bringing a couple of new products to market, helping develop product ties, sell patent, a whole bunch of different things in the medical industry, which is actually very interestingly quite adjacent to the way that the aviation industry thinks about working with a very intense regulator, thinking about how they go about a process for safety, productization and that whole chain there. And that's where a lot of my background in the manufacturing and capability was that I've been brought back into this. So Jake, sorry, Molly, you asked about where do we find complimentary action between the two of us? So Jake is this like technical, deep, capably expert, right? That just can absorb large amounts of airplane data and turn it into anything you need to know. And on the other side of that, I like to think of myself as the guy who puts people in a room and makes them work together. I have... them. Like I love the like, there you go. Helps them. I like to be the guy that finds the right people, puts them in a room, and helps them work together as efficiently and as quickly as possible. I am an engineer by training, and I can do all of that work, but I have always much more appreciated and understood the skill set of helping people work together really, really well and really efficiently. And I'm just so excited to be doing that in a in this company now. Mm-hmm. No, I love that. Thank you. You gonna say something, Jake? I've been an airplane guy forever for my entire life, for as long as I can remember. It's part of why I went to college, it's why I went into engineering, and it's why my first job out of college was working at Boeing in Phantom Works there. And I've always just wanted to build airplanes, and I wasn't able to do it at Boeing. And then I left Boeing and I went into the rocket industry and I still wasn't building airplanes there, and rockets, frankly, are a lot more boring than airplanes. I knew that when I was looking for co-founders, when I started having this idea, when I was looking for co-founders about who's out there, and I have already built teams together and successfully led them to victory. And I knew that if there's someone else in the world that I could trust to do the same thing with me, it was Ian. I bring a lot of knowledge. heart down on the screen like, heart. You know, I bring a lot of airplane knowledge into things, that's kind of where I don't want to say that's where my knowledge ends but like that's that's my thing is is sort of the technology and the and the engineering side and Ian does a great job of Ian's been putting together the rest of the team and building and and building out the organizational infrastructure and like so we we do it and building out the operational environment for all of us to work in and that's awesome. we have to have the dreamers and we have to have the people who make the dreams happen, Like there needs to be like those two, like at least in my own life, I found that to be true. Like, you you can like, okay, we're gonna do all these things. And then there needs to be the person that can operationalize it and say, we're gonna take it this step at a time, right? like that for both Ian and I, we each have like half of that, but the other, we each have like the opposing halves of those, both of those kinds of mindsets. And so I think that's why we work so well together. That's good. to just to give you an example of those halves. So we're currently in a preliminary design of one of our aircraft and we spent about six weeks working on the outside of that aircraft. And then let me tell you, Jake had every single input you could have about what's right, what's wrong and what needs to be better. And I'm like, that's the way it should be. Right. And then as soon as we got into the interior about, Hey, where does passenger comfort come in and what's the user experience look like? And How does the flow and the pathfinding of the interior of the cabin happen? And Jake's like, Hey, Ian, you're in, I'm all in. I want to talk about that all day long. And so here's this very dichotomous aspect. And yet we still work together every day and are very excited to do it. Okay, well, I'm gonna ask another hard question and then we'll start to wrap up. But this one I'm excited about. So, okay, you've got your startup. What, how's it going, right? Like I would love to hear like the not so good parts and the good parts too, right? Just for people who are in the audience who are maybe going through this process too and just kind of like what have been your challenges and what have you been your big successes? I think my biggest challenge is just that no one tells you what to do. And that's good and bad. I went into that knowing, I'm my own boss, no one can tell me what to do. as an engineer, I've worked as an IC for my whole career or in low level leadership roles. I had never been in a position where everything was a completely clean slate. And quite frankly, no one has successfully started an aviation startup before, at least not in the in the level and in the direction we are trying to. And there's not really a clear roadmap. And with the ultimate goal of building commercial airliners, there isn't a way to get there. If I was starting a rocket company, would at least, I'd have examples in front of me if we were starting a robotic car company or Evtols there's a pathway there. Every single startup has a completely unique path and every single startup has things like no one has done this before. What am I gonna do here? And I was not used to that. Having no support there in the way that you do as a founder. But you gotta figure it out. Yeah, Ian, how about you? I think probably the hardest and most exhilarating thing about everything that we're doing is it's a fire hose. I love jumping into the action and figuring out what's going on, how to fix it and moving forward as quickly as possible. And let me tell you, that's exactly what a startup is. And it's not just once in a blue moon, it's every single day is what is right, what is wrong, how do you isolate and understand those elements, move them together, move them forward. And that is incredibly difficult and very time consuming and exhausting. And it is also exhilarating because you're solving problems at the speed of as fast as you can. And I love that. No, those are good answers. Okay, and I'm going to end with what are you currently reading? So I have like three or four books that I'm in the middle of. Here I've got two of them right here. One is The Hard Thing About Hard Things, which is a famous one that Jake gave me. This is a translation of some poetry by Gunnar Harding that's guarding the air. I'm looking for some interesting history about... Anyway, so some... I like that. think that's the... And then a couple of parenting handbooks learning how to figure out that problem as well. How about you, Jake? I've been sitting here trying not to give the Aziz Ansari answer of like, read the internet and I'm a million pages into the worst book ever. I spend most of my time reading academic papers actually. I recently found some new ones on blended wing body structures that I was reading through. every couple of days I have a different paper that I'm reading and following up on. Which is a lot less exciting than Ian's answer I think. think everyone reads different things, right? And it just depends. I I've had so many different answers on the show. As we kind of close out the show, I just want to let everyone know that we'll drop links for Outbound in the video description so people can go and visit and see what they're doing. And if you want to get in... touch? you guys open to connecting and meeting people and discussing some of things you're working on? Yeah, send us an email at hello@outbound.aero At outbound.aero It was really an honor to have both of here today. Thank you, Mollie

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelbouchard437: Ad caelum!

- How to Build a Global Startup from the Isle of Man | Founder Story: Kind: captions Language: en Good evening everyone and wish everyone happy new year. So this is our first session for 2026. So we will be planning loads of you know these kind of a talks uh you know knowledge sharing sessions uh in coming months as well. So today so somehow managed to you know get to know Harvey um he came to launchpad and then I managed to you know get him to do a session before we go back because he's going back on 11th >> uh 9th 9th. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. So >> uh the flow is Javian please ask questions because there are lots of things that we can learn from him as well. Uh how we got started you know what's his journey in UK the fundraising journey there are lots of things that we can learn so the floor is yours. >> Perfect. Well hi guys great to see everybody here today and there's lots of things you can learn from me but just before I get started as well um I bashed my face on New Year's Eve. So that's something you can't learn from me. I fell off a swing in a park. So um yeah, that's a good good icebreer to start it off with. Um I am the founder of Arc Cube. Um born and bread on the aisle of man. Um started here at Balcom High School, then went up to sick form and then went off to university. Um but I'll tell you a little bit about the whole story behind our cube in general. Um how we got started, but also my background here on the man. um everything from raising investment, what we've done to stay alive, um and then go on to a few different topics, probably just go off on tangents at some point as well, just to tell you um anything specific. So, if there's anything also that you want to know, if I'm on a topic specifically, you want to know more about that, please just ask a question um at that point in time so you don't forget the question and so that we can get into more details around that as well. Um but yeah, it'll be pretty open. Um I'll just tell you a little bit about the the background to start with and then go on to RCube and what we are. So um as you can see RC cube as it stands now RCube we are an ancillary aggregator. So we're an ancillary aggregation platform that works in aviation specifically. So when you are an airline or you're you're a customer going through an airlines booking flow and you're booking a flight usually you go through and you select the flight you want. You type in the passenger details. You want to add a bag. Maybe you want to add some uh the seat selection. And then anything else that the airline tries to sell you from car rental to eims. Um you've got transfers. You might have baggage protection for example tours and experiences. Anything that you could possibly sell that um outside of the flight or for your onward journey, we are the ones to be able to supply that to an airline to then give it to their customers. So, um, an example of that could be if you're flying with, um, I don't know if you're flying with Etihad Airways and you're going to Dubai. Hey, look, maybe you want to transfer from the hotel, from the airport to your hotel. Um, instead of Etihood having to go around all of their destinations all around the world and find all the individual partners for each product. So, that's like thousands of suppliers that they'd have to sign. We're able to give it to them in one go. So, they don't have to go around and sign and integrate all those those partners individually. Um, and the benefits to us is that we don't charge anything up front. We have 16 plus ancillary products and we're ready to go in as little as six weeks if the airline wants us to. Um, so yeah, that's pretty much our cube. But before we get into that, um, a little bit about my background. So yeah, as I said, I went to Valcoming High School and then went to sick form here. Um, when I was um, yeah, I started off by just essentially being a student like anyone else. Um I was a swimmer back in the day. So I did a lot of competitive swimming with the island. I competed in the island games. Um so had a lot of um sort of competitive nature in in that kind of thing. Building I suppose my my character to a degree in that sense. Um and then in year 10 I also started as a um competition with a friend. My friend was actually running a thing uh where you import supplements and vitamins and all that kind of thing over from the US and you distribute them throughout Europe. You don't touch them. It's it's a phenomenon called drop shipping. You essentially just send them you bring them in from the US and you ship them straight to the customer. And so that was essentially my first business. I got involved with him purely as a competition to see who could sell the most products on eBay. Um he got banned 6 months after I started it. I then brought it onto its own standalone site. Um, and then as a 15-year-old, we're literally just on the way to school typing in the customer details from eBay and selling these products throughout Europe. Uh, and I made uh probably about sort of mid five figure revenues. Um, just made a bit of money doing it to, you know, pay for cool things to do swimming and all that kind of stuff. um as a 15-year-old and then ran it for two years before selling it to a guy in the US um who was then trying to basically build the business and the whole sort of method of it. I don't think it went anywhere um to be honest since he bought it. Um but yeah, that was my first business and got my interest in business going in general. Um uh and then after that just went to uni was thinking okay fine um I'll start some well I wasn't even thinking I was going to start something. So at 17 what you've I've I I got uh A levels in economics, maths, geography and then went to uni to study finance um got a position at the University of Manchester and was just looking for societies to join really. So when I when I was there I in first year you you really have a lot of time to do what you want to do and started I was part of a society called Manchester Entrepreneurs which is now called Accelerate Me and it um essentially a society where um you come together as a team of 20 or so students and you build an investment fund. You basically get given £100,000 from the UK government and they you then invest that into startups. You don't take any shares. It's equity free funding, but you give startups the workshops and the tools and the money to be able to just go and try out an idea and you you are students u as part of the team and you give the money to students only in the University of Manchester or the University of Sulford or Manchester Metropolitan University. So um it was a great society to be to be a part of um and that's essentially where I met my co-founder. So I was on the program team um essentially selecting what startups got the investment and got the money. We we would have probably around about 70 applications a year. Um and then we'd whittle that down into about 13 startups that actually got the money or or yeah 8 to 13. It's now larger. Um and yeah, we we would essentially just give the money away to startups. So I met my co-founder through that. He was also on the program team. He had a past business that he ran in India. Um and that's essentially how we just got started that we started talking. Um so we were like oh hey you know um let's we were brainstorming ideas really of what business we were going to do. I had a past business, he had a past business and we were just discussing what we could possibly do at university being first year students with loads of time to spare and the course isn't really that hard. Um, so that's how we started off. Uh, we started off with NFC business cards. We tried to do that, realized it had already been done. So like a metal card that you tap on the back of somebody's phone and you exchange contact details. Ah, it' already been done. Great. I can't do that. And then we went on to uh carbon credit consultancy. So trying to basically let small businesses offset their carbon emissions and stuff like that. it was just too hard to go around kebab shops and laundry lingeretses in Manchester to try and sell them on an idea of doing this. So, it didn't it really didn't work out. Um none of what we tried to do worked on the sort of small scale businesses and we probably went through about four or five ideas worth of this. Um and then at the time um NFTTS, blockchain, AI, well AI wasn't really a big hype yet, but um all that kind of blockchain related stuff was a really big thing. um and going around all the businesses in Manchester trying to walk around the streets trying to sell a product of some kind which just wasn't really um taking taking hold. So what we did was um we then got a soft a free trial for a software called Zoom Info. So I don't know if you know Apollo or Zoom Info or any of these softwares where you literally you can go you go online and you say I want an executive from Etihod in a certain department of the company or a certain um industry. I want all the companies from that industry. So, we got a free trial for that, which was usually worth the $15,000 a year. And we literally just went through all of the B2B contacts we possibly could in all the different industries that we could sell blockchain technology to. Um, and we had a small idea, but again, we had no idea what blockchain even meant at that point. You know, we're 18, we're at university, we have no idea what to do. We're just trying to get through the door with an with an airline or well sorry with a business in general just to sell them anything to do with blockchain and we'll figure out as we go kind of that's the that's the sentiment that we've um gone on. So that's that's what we started off with. Um we got the free trial for Zoom info. We made a cold message uh to send to airlines and we started with airlines as a and then we went a to zed through all the industries. So airlines were first and then went on from there all the industries to zed. um after scraping about sort 7,000 contacts manually using this software um and yeah essentially just went hey look you know blockchain is huge at the moment but big businesses they have no idea how to actually get into the space how to use the technology and we're the ones to know what to do um have you considered you know doing this or doing this or doing this and we have no idea what to do or how to build any of this stuff we was wanting a reply from from from a company in general so we sent out all of these cold emails to different businesses. We got blacklisted after about 200 or so of them. Uh we probably had about 7,000 that sent out, but they probably went into the spam folders across the world. Um and because airlines was the industry beginning with A and they were first, those airline those messages delivered and entered into the inbox of a person called Simon in Etihod. um and he was a marketing manager based in London and he just went hey look you know I I've really been looking into blockchain recently um is there anything that we can do to discuss and that's how we got in the door of literally Etihod a huge airline purely by chance we actually got a reply from LN as well but they told us no um and that was it that was the cold email that set off the start of our cube in its entirety so um that would have been December 2021 we were 5 months into uni and we're trying to just bl our way into doing a business of some kind. Um and yeah, so so started off doing that. Um discussed with them over the course of sort of seven months and designed a whole new product for them within the airline where people can change their loyalty points from them being useless after you get off a flight at the end. You know, you get the 5,000 points, whatever it is, and then you just you just don't use them anymore. That doesn't make you more loyal to the airline. You don't know how to use your points. you don't know anything to use your points for. So, we built a product for them to be able to convert those points into extra baggage or seat selection or anything that an airline could possibly want. Um, and that got us uh considerable amount of revenue from that. You know, we we generated it through a p we built a pilot scheme with them. We did loads of marketing. It was built on blockchain as well. So, it was, you know, powered by the blockchain. That's what Etiod wanted to see. Um, and that was sort of our first product that we launched with with the airline. Um, we we Can I ask you something? >> Yes. Yeah. Yeah. >> So, two 18y old lads to this guy. >> What do you think it was that made him think, I'll go with these two guys, massive corporation. You think that they would be a bit more like >> probably have to go through some big old lot of due diligence, you know, like I'm just interested. >> Yeah. Yeah. So I mean so so even just to paint a picture of how unexperienced we were as two 18-year-olds trying to build a business. So the first call that we had with Etihub was in the library the University of Manchester library and you can see all the books in the background. It looks like a virtual background that somebody's made up. And Simon Simon the guy tells us two years later he's like I knew you guys were in university. Like I knew you're up to no good. I literally just had to trust you because you know a little bit more than what I knew. Um, and I just had to, you know, if it goes wrong, so be it. But, um, so, so yeah, really we it was it was a lot of trust from Simon, the executive specifically in that case. Um, but we also just prepared we made ourselves try and be as legitimate as possible. So, we were making things like sales documents. We were making graphics. We were making it look nice through, you know, proposals, editing the proposals every time, sending it off to Etiard, making it look like we had some sort of credibility. And that really really really helped um for to also paint a picture about the business in general. So at that point we're two 18 year olds. We have no coding ability between the two of us. I study finance. My co-founder studies biotechnology. Um and we have to use outsourced teams in India cuz he's from India. He has the con connections to be able to build get sort of local talent to build us softwares. Um so when we delivered the sort of first software to them and the concept of it um it was it that sort of legitimized it a little bit more. It's like okay guys you know you've delivered us the proposals but also you've actually given us some kind of software there that that that works for what it's supposed to do. Um and then we did a few small integrations into they were super light just to see what this would work on a pilot scheme. Um, and another thing that we also did that was pretty um, I suppose uncommon in the space was um, we charged nothing up front. It was like look, let us build this software for you for free. And we we spent probably about £10,000 on it. Um, literally just like like savings and a bit from the sort of um, exits that we had. We spent £10,000 on the software and it was like if this doesn't work, so be it. This is this is our problem. Um, that you know it doesn't work. it's it's us. So really that's what built the credibility and then after the software went live and we actually saw people using it on a small pilot basis and that it's still on a small pilot basis today. It's not used by all passengers. Um that was when the results came in after the first sort of 12 months to say hey look passengers are actually returning with Etihod more and every time they return with Etihod they are spending 10.3% more with the airline because they are returning with the airline regardless of the price of the ticket. So say for example you've just converted your 5,000 points into extra baggage for your next flight. Great. Next time you want to go from um Manchester to Bangkok, you've got Etihod, you've got Emirates, you've got Saudi Arabian Airlines, you've got all of the European carriers you could possibly go with, but Etiod is giving you extra baggage and no other airline is. So even if Etiod's a little bit more expensive, you're more likely to go with them. So that was a software that we built and we saw the results that was were really good with them and that's what we then went out um to airlines with and um yeah, essentially that's what we started off as. Um we made a sort of few pivots here and there and that's what we decided we were going to be doing. >> Question. So who defined the KPIs there during the pilot campaign? >> Was it Simon or was it you guys or was that collaboration? >> Um it wasn't there wasn't any strict KPIs that we had to match. Um surprisingly with with Simon in in London because he was based in London out of head office there are a little bit more sort of things that we could do. There wasn't straight KPI set. Um, it was trying to see whether points were being spent and revenue is being generated, incremental revenue. And when we got the results back from head office, that was yes, revenue is being generated. But you'd be surprised they don't even have the software to be able to track half these things. They had to make lots of edits to them to be able to understand what the difference we were making was. Um, but yeah, so that that's that was really it. We were really lucky in the fact that Simon was just basically taking us under our wing in a big big institution to be able to do this. And at no point they was he like if you do this for us it works it's exclusively for us and you can't go to any other airlines. If he' have said that would you have been like >> yeah that's not a business model. >> Yeah we get that we get asked that a lot and especially for why don't airlines just you know buy you out why don't why does an airline just buy an ancillary aggregator but for if we got bought out by an airline they would only want to use it for an airline. So Etihod would only want to use it for themselves. But if we are purchasing car higher for 20 million passengers, but there are 155 million passengers flying on British Airways, we can get volume based discounts by working with all different airlines out there. So an airline usually doesn't look for exclusivity for that reason. Um yeah, which is which is interesting, but they just don't a software provider like Trip.com or or Skyscanner may buy us out um for that reason, but you know, airlines don't usually do that. Yes, >> another question. Um, so it sounds like you started initially with Etihad products >> that they people can convert their air miles to baggage for example, >> but then you've moved on from that to get external parties which people can then spend their air miles on. >> How did you get in touch and get traction with those other partners that you then had to bring on board? Did you use the Etihad brand or >> from like suppliers or other airlines? >> Yeah. So, for example, uh if you talked about transfers before, >> if you manage to get a transfer company on boarded to a brand new blockchain. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. True. Um I suppose with with suppliers, it's very easy to convince them about Etihod. You know, you mentioned Etihod and the suppliers themselves are like, okay, I I only with Etihod flies to, I don't know, Nairobi, for example. Um they're a big airline in Nairobi. So suppliers in Nairobi are going to listen to you because of that brand. Um and then you say, "Hey, look, you know, every time we're speaking to Safari Airlines in the same place, we're speaking to these guys or these guys." So suppliers are really they're not too hard to get. If you need specific suppliers, they're like, say for example, um car providers in rural Saudi Arabia, they're very hard to find. Um so that becomes a little bit more difficult, but airlines are far more hard to get on that front. Um but of course um that's that's just a little bit of the story about um Etihods and how we got to the point where we were generating revenue with Etihods. We were on a pilot scheme. We generated around about $625,000 of revenue from that. About um sort of low six figures of that was profit, but we literally could not. We were we were trying very hard to scale the business at that point. So great. Okay. You you've done a pilot scheme with Etihood. You've made a load of money. How do you make that into a full business? And that's really what um in the second year of university or first yeah f second year of university we were really trying to do was make this idea that we've piloted a huge brand and make it into a proper business that we can scale across the industry. So we were you know going to events we were um speaking to airlines all across the world especially the big legacy airlines because they're the ones with the loyalty point schemes. Um, we spoke to Virgin Australia, Pegasus, everybody that we possibly could. Um, and we were also trying to say, look, you know, if we tried to build a proper software out of this and a whole business out of this, we're also going to need investment. So, we also need to go find the investors at the same time. Now, I'll get on to that in a little bit. Um, actually, yeah, no, I I'll do that now. Um so really yeah so that that was the point at which we wanted to turn the pilot into a whole business was look okay these are the things that we've done um we need to be able to we're running out of money just spending on things like server costs and and paying for I don't know trying to go to events and stuff like that we're not actually the pilot scheme was capped so we couldn't actually get any more revenue out of that um and also on top of that our payment processor went bankrupt so we lost a lot of our money from them just going bankrupt and we lost about literally $92,000 just from our paying process going bankrupt. So we were running out of money and very quickly although we're at university, we have a low burn rate, we we we can't build another software with this if we wanted to. So that's when we started to go um around trying to find investment and that's super super difficult to do when you have no idea how to even start thinking about investment. You just know that you need it and you need people to trust your idea and go with it. Um and you're also 18 or 19 19 at this point in in university. Um so you you have to understand first of all what it means to get investment. So how you go from just having nothing um or you have all of these KPIs or these these figures saying hey look we did this for Etiard we can do it for all the other airlines out there. Trust our idea. So you need to learn how to do things like pitch. You need to know how to build a pitch deck. you need to know all the different things, the nuances around the finance side of things, so SEIS and EIS in the UK, that make you more attractive to investors and all that kind of thing. Um, and you need to then go out and do your outreach to the investors. So, there's a lot of different things you need to to consider there. And honestly, there is no other way to do it apart from just give it a go and get rejected again and again from investors. Um the first the second investor that we had a conversation with was the one that led our round a year later. So we we went round and we we had an idea of saying look this is what we want to do. Um and please trust us. This is why you should trust us. This is the metrics we're going to get. You build a pitch deck based on a Y combinator slide deck filter and you say look you know I'm going to say this is the problem. This is the solution. these are the financials, metrics, business model, etc., etc., and you go, you send it to investors and make it look nice and hope that they reply to you. You have a few meetings with them. Um, and you just get through the gist of actually being able to sell to investors. And this is what most people don't I wouldn't say they necessarily know is that trying to sell to an investor is the same way that you would try and sell to a client. You need to do the exact same thing or that you need to use the same resources to be able to do that. So, you know, why should I give why should I invest in your business? You know, why should I um have you thought about this? Where's your financial model? Where's your um I don't know the the revenue forecast, whatever it may be that they need to ask for. You need to have that ready and an answer ready for that. Um and for most questions, you're not going to have an answer ready because you've only just met the guy and you've never been asked this question before. So that's why investment takes such a long time as well is because you're trying to refine your idea and your narrative of what your business is, but also at the same time you're trying to the investors will ask you the same question again and again and again and maybe only on the fifth time you answer that question will you get it right. Will that be enough to actually satisfy the investor? Um, and also as well another thing in the UK that they do and and of course the I'm talking about the UK here because a lot of the investment is in the UK. It's a bigger market. There's lots more money in funds, venture capital funds lying about there. Um, there is a little bit in the aisle of man, but it's very it's usually specific to certain industries or certain angel investors, so private individuals with a lot of money. You won't necessarily find a lot of um, venture capital there. But the UK use schemes called uh SEIS and EIS to be able to make investors invest in small businesses. So you as an island business, you're not set up when you incorporate a company here, you can't get SEIS and EIS. You have to go and make a UK branch or a UK company to get that for you. So that's a whole six-month process to be able to go and get it um and get the approvals to be able to go to the VCs and say, "Hey, look, I have SEIS and EIS funding now. you can invest in me. And when I mentioned before about our second investor that we ever spoken to being our lead investor, we spoke to them in January, what would have been January 4. January 24 and they yeah January we spoke to them in January 2024 and they said come back to us when we get SIS and EIS and then we spoke to them again in October of 2024 and that took us literally 9 months to be able to get that and then they decided in 7 days to say yes and sign it and go on from there. Um so that that's a big crucial thing that you need to consider when when um looking for investment is those kind of things. Um, now don't get me wrong, you can do it without. We we only have three investors on SEIS and EIS, but the two but half the round is filled with investors that need that requirement. So about five. So we we we raised in the end we raised about 1.5 million, which equates to about 1.15 million. Um, and about 500,000 of that is SIS in the air. So we you need that to be able to get bigger ticket sizes. >> Yes. What is SEIS and EIS? >> So, it's like tax breaks. So, uh SEIS gives you if you're an investor in an SEIS fund, >> that gives you 50% of I think is it 50%. I I don't know. 50% of your money back if that investment fails in terms of HMRC tax credits. It's only available for your UK income. So, you as a UK resident can only get it doesn't doesn't apply here. Um but it means that people there people are incentivized to invest into small businesses and at this really early stage. Now if you're you're an investor you can invest up to six 250,000 in SEIS and get 50% of your money back if the company fails. EIS is 30%. So that's up to you can invest up to 14 million in a company and you'll get 30% of your money back um if it fails. I think it's only if it fail and there's capital gains um stuff in there as well to help you. Um but yeah, so we went around trying to find all of these different investors to give us money to be able to actually um invest in us from the start. Um at the same time, it probably took us it probably took us around about 5 months to be able to get our first yes from an investor. Um that would have come through 5 months of pain and about 100 probably about 100 rejections. I think it was actually about 122 rejections before we got our first yes. So when people say to you if you're raising investment, you've probably heard this before, oh, you need a hundred nos to get you a yes. We had gone past that point and we were like, well, where's the hope? You know, we we had 100 nos and we were like, well, we're obviously not getting there. Something's going wrong. Um, and and between me and especially my co-founders, like something must be going wrong here. We need to be refining and refining and refining the pitch. If you keep going into those investor conversations or sales conversations are exactly the same, you go into them and you try and do the same pitch again and again without trying to make it better, then you're just not going to go anywhere um with them. So yeah, 122 nos. We got our first yes from uh an introduction from KPMG of man actually over there who introduced us to a guy in Jersey who gave us a contact with somebody else who then invested um based off the traction that we had based off the sort of the the vibe I guess there isn't we had one conversation with him we had one meeting online and he said where do I sign so a lot of it is you being able to look like a person who knows what they're talking about who knows their business who has demonstrated that you can you've done something really sort of key and crucial and important and you can do it again and again and again for the clients in your pipeline. So um so yeah that that was really how we got um uh our first investor and then the ball starts rolling. you know, you then send on your investor updates for that month or that week saying, "Hey, look, I've just got our first investor. I've just got 100K or I've got Yeah, I've got 10% of my round now filled. Now everybody knows, oh, okay, somebody's invested. Maybe I'm not the only one that's thinking I should." So then another one comes on board. We got another $250,000 check from a VC in Chunisia. Interestingly, um the fire alarm went off throughout the middle of our first pitch and they still said yes. Um just because that we were answering a lot of the questions and a lot of the specific things that they wanted from us that no other investor has asked us since. They wanted to know, you know, how are you going to invest in the local economy in Chunisia? How are you going to better our country, for example? And we were able to say, look, you know, if you if we work with your airlines, we're going to make them more money. Simple as that. And so they were like, "Right, okay, let's let's invest in you guys for that." Um, so we Yeah. And then the round starts to gain momentum. You get sort of 40% and then people start the smaller angels start to say, "Okay, I'm not the only one thinking I'm interested." And the round builds from there. You get 50 and then you get 60 and then you get 70. And then um the the problem that we had as a business as all and also a lot of startups face this is that um just because somebody has said yes doesn't mean they necessarily will actually give you the cash or they'll say yes now but they'll give you the cash in 6 months. Now, at our lowest point, we had £30,000 in the bank from all and and we would have run out of that in in probably about six months. Even though we'd got investment, we hadn't got the money in the bank yet. So we still had to go and um keep ourselves running at this time um without paying ourselves a salary, without actually paying office space because we we had all the server costs and stuff. Luckily we managed to get credits for but we still had to go around and and try and borrow money from places at at points because we just couldn't we just we had the money, we had the investment, but it hadn't come in yet. Um so yeah, there's lots of difficulties with doing that. Um and at the end of the day we Yes. >> So question those that said no, >> do you still keep them in the loop with your products? >> Yes. So we do and a lot of them like we had a lot of investor Well, we had a few investors that said no. Well, we had a lot of meetings because the ticket size was too small. For example, there's lots of investors that would invest only a lot more money than you. Uh we we do have an investor sort of roundup and an update. Um we haven't done one, I wouldn't say for a while. We probably should though, you probably should keep them always updated um just because you never know when you're going to need them for the next round. And it's the same with people you meet that could possibly buy your company. It's exactly the same. You know, they could turn around tomorrow and say, "Hey, look, I know you've got this new partner. Can we have a chat about that?" Um so, yeah, it's always always a good thing to do. And invest when you're when you're raising an investment round, it's crucial that you keep sending them um investor updates all the time. Um so yeah um we we ended up raising probably around about 45% of our round without getting a lead investor. Now a lead investor is somebody that says look I this is the amount of money that you're raising. I'm saying that your company is valued at this much and I'm going to therefore take for the one for one half million pounds that you're raising. I'm going to take 25% so that all the investors can agree on a valuation of your company and agree on how many shares and how much percentage of the company they're going to take for the money that you they're going to give you. So we had about 45% of our round but nobody would commit and decide what the company was worth because everybody was investing small ticket sizes. They're investing 100k. I know it's it's a lot of money, but it's small in the grand scheme of things. They invest in 100k, they invest in uh 5k, 20k, whatever. Um, so we had a real big difficulty with, look, the round is coming to a close. If we get 100% of our investment, but nobody will agree on what the investment is worth. It might as well be as worthless as actually not getting investment in the first place. um because people will either just take you for a joy ride, they'll try and lower your valuation as much as possible and you won't really have any legs to stand on because these are the only guys that giving you an offer, which it might might sound a bit counterintuitive that, but um yeah, so so really we fought very hard to try and find a lead investor, a big institutional investor in the UK that would give us a solid ground and a solid offer that meant that everybody else would come along with you and value the round. Um and that just came through pure chance. Um, uh, we've engaged re-engaged with our investors, the ones that rejected us in the first place. Um, and because of us now having these UK tax breaks of SCIS and EIS, they then re-engaged the conversation. They said, "Hey, look, I like what you're doing." Um, and they could also see our progress from January 2024 to October 2024. We've built the business a lot in that time. I'm going to give you a yes and I'm going to now invest in you. So because of that raised um 1.15 million um on a5.5 million pound valuation which is quite high um you usually don't find that um we we closed it with Fuel Ventures in London and Oxford Capital in Oxford and the amount of meetings you have to have with them to be able to get everything through the line where you know you have to pay lawyers, you have to get the shelves agreement done um all that kind of thing to just get it get it through. Um, and now that fuels our growth and we now know, right, okay, we've got Minihood in the bank. We know exactly what we need to do to be able to scale. Um, so and before I talk about the scaling, has anybody got any other questions about the investment stuff because I know it's very technical and I don't want to dwell on it too much because of that. >> No. >> How big is your cap table >> in our cap table in terms of the number of investors we have? We had 13 investors invest in us. Uh full. Yeah. We had two 250k from the two leads. We had a $250,000 ticket and then a load of angels. Um angel investors come from the rand most random places. You know, people will willingly give you a small amount of money. Um one of the um one of them was um Weather Spoons in uh Victoria Park in Manchester. I didn't meet the angel there but I met my friend who was like I know exactly the kind of the person that you need to speak to about this and then we went up to his house in surely and we had a conversation with him in and he invested in us. Um another one as I said KPMG aisle of man um uh where else have we got investors from? Um we actually so we had 13 investors on our cap table but we also had two people invest in us after the press release had come out from our say look our business new company doing something in travel. It's crazy it's it's amazing. Um and then we had two people reach out to us that sold their businesses in travel that wanted to put money in us afterwards. >> Were you almost subscribed or >> you could say that? Um yeah we were a little bit um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But but only by about sort of $30,000. >> Right. Um >> so when you when you're selecting the investors do you look at like apart from the money the other things that they can bring to the table as well when you're selecting investors. Yeah, it's it's a trade-off, I suppose. You don't necessarily get the choice in the at the start. You know, you're looking for money from anywhere. Um, so you have to say yes to whatever. When you get towards the sort of 80 and 90% range, you you have the choice. And we've rejected, you know, we've rejected money. We had an investor that wanted to invest like quite a lot of money and we were like, where were you at the stop? You know, you're here now. And we had to cap and restrict the amount that he gives you gives us. Um, another thing to also consider is how much of an how much of a pain do you think this investor is going to be? Um, are they going to be asking for how you doing every month? Are they going to be asking for very specific things from your business that's going to take you 2 hours, 3 hours to be able to answer? Are they going to keep pestering you an email asking you how much money you've made this month? You know, you don't know. Um, so we have one investor like that, but purely because we had to we had to accept the money from somewhere. Um, so we so we took investment from there. We we did actually, interestingly, overs subscribe by about£40,000 just to pay the legal bills. We knew the legal bills were going to be high. You have to unfortunately pay lawyers and they're very expensive to to do things. So we brought on an investor just purely to pay the legal bill there as well. Um, so that's that's yeah, that's interesting. >> Last question. It's still just you two you going through all this. So, at the time when we when we closed our investment round, we were a we were two non-technical co-founders. We were a graphic designer who'd helped us make all of the investment decks and make all everything look nice even to this day. Uh, and then we had one full stack engineer who was building everything and shipping everything really, really, really quickly. Um, so we were a team of four when we closed the investment round and actually got the money in. That's when we decided that we need to start building a team and scaling the team. Um so at that point we would have been at January 2025. Um we'd got a little all the investment in. We'd say right okay we we now need we now know exactly what we need to do to essentially grow this product. The products in its development you know you hire fullstack developers and you tell them this is what you need to build and they build the software especially because we've got the pilot with Etihod going on. They are just adding to the software that we're building constantly every day. Um, and on the sales side, we just need to do this this deal that we've done with Etiad again and again and again. So, we're speaking to airlines in Australia, we're speaking to airlines in Turkey, all across the world to try and make them um in like actually purchase the products now that we've got the investment to be able to deliver it to them. Um, and that was the sort of the biggest most interesting thing I would say with AR was that we definitely hadn't hit our product market fit at that point. You know, product market fit being your product is in that market and you know exactly what to do within aviation. Your product is perfect and everybody will use it exactly how it is. That's the perfect product market fit. And we realized sort of 3 months into raising investment that airlines were airlines were rejecting us for the exact same reason. They're like they're speaking to us because we had Etihod. Look, you know, great metrics. you've done this with Etihad, but they're rejecting us for the same reasons of I think this is too hard to too difficult or too complicated to actually implement or we've got different systems to you to Etihard have or no one else is using your software. It's just Etihod. So, we were having these we were having these rejections or soft rejections I they just wouldn't the airlines just wouldn't reply to you quite a lot. Um, and my co-founder basically just spent a week and was like, "How do we change our business to be able to provide for the airlines that are rejecting us for the same reason? The same reason you would do for investors. Why are investors rejecting us for these reasons? Airlines were doing that a little bit as well. And because we were so caught up with the investment over the past sort of three or four months into early January, we didn't really quite realize that that was happening. um because your whole you know every everything's spent on closing the investment round. So we had a really difficult decision to make after we' raised investment and we told investors this is what we're going to do and this is going to be super easy and we're going to develop this software to do everything and change the whole world. We then had to make a decision on whether we're going to change our entire business narrative because we think that there's more money to be made in ancillary aggregation which is what we do now. So it was so it was a it was a really interesting pivot to do or a business narrative change to do then which was in April 2025. We essentially had to build a whole business from scratch. Not based on blockchain, not based on loyalty anymore, but the the things that Etihod and other airlines out there wanted was the things that we could convert your loyalty points into. So transfers, car hire, eims, they didn't really care that it was for points. They just wanted to be able to sell more things or have access to more products and use them how they wanted. And so when we were in conversations with lowcost carriers, those that don't have like Ryan Air that don't have a loyalty program, EasyJet doesn't really have a loyalty program, these were the questions that kept cropping up again and again. And so we just realized we had to change our entire business based off the fact that and hope and hope that airlines would want this product because we have so many suppliers and so many um yeah so many suppliers built into one platform that we can then give to airlines. So that then essentially made us not a blockchain and loyalty related company but a ancillary aggregation platform which has 16 different ancillaries, 6,100 suppliers, no upfront costs and can launch in 6 weeks. And that is an insane pivot to do, especially after you've raised investment. You've already the investors have invested in something else. You then have to be like, right, okay, what are the investors going to think? You know, are they going to hate you because you've just changed a whole business. Well, we thought that was going to happen. And to be honest, they didn't really care as much as we thought because at the end of the day, if you see there's more money over there, then the money that they invested in you is going to something good. Um, and that they're hopefully going to get a return on that. So after we raised um after we sort of made that pivot in April, we'd have we have five staff by this point. We'd had another full stack developer. We had to then tear our whole system apart and take out this little bit that we wanted and build a whole new system on top of that. and we're still doing that now, you know, but um that's really that that was really really a really big change within AR, but set us up for the for the long um journey of actually building a new business again, but on the right foot. So, April comes along, we're now starting to send out lots of cold outreach campaigns, learning how to pitch an entirely business, a different business narrative based on answer aggregation to airlines that we've previously been rejected for for a different business idea. We're learning how to build our business again. Um, and it takes around about 3 months to do that before we start to get really good conversations going. Um, we we're hiring constantly throughout this period. Um, we're now a team of in sort of October time of 2025. So, what's that like 6 months ago, we were probably a team of six people. Um, we're we're hiring fullstack developers like crazy just to try and build our team um and build our tech um structurally soundly and make it work for all airlines all across the world. Uh, and that's when we got our first contract. So, the cold outreach campaigns that we were doing um and the events that we were going to mainly the cold outreach that we were doing got us a client in the Dominican Republic called Arajet. They're only very small. Um, they fly around about 1 and a half million passengers a year. Now that's that's about 6% of what Etih had fly a year but we just had to accept anything we had to build anything for an airline and test it out and pilot it with them. Um and so yeah that was it and then after a jet we've got Salam and Oman from the exact same method. We're still constantly building the software to this day. Um hire we're now a team of nine people um based in Manchester based here and in Greece and in Tunisia as well. Um and we and our mission is really really simple. We're just an anti-regation platform. We're trying to make airlines sell more things for cash, for loyalty points, whatever they want, and be able to have full control over their software at the end of the day. So, they want to sell they don't want to sell car, they can turn that off. They don't they want to increase the margin of eims that they're supplying, they can increase the margin. And those kind of little small competitive advantages make us better than all the other competitors in the market that just go, "Here you go. Here's an eim. You can do what you want with it. um I'm not going to help you set it up. I'm not going to tell you what to do with it. Um whereas we're different being a regulator um doing um yeah all the bells and whistles on top of that. Um this is a slide from Mulivian because I'm meeting them tomorrow. I I didn't prepare any slides which I probably should have done. Um but yeah, that's kind of the a little bit of a story of our cubes. They're going from essentially a business idea of two guys at university on to um now hopefully the last pivot that we're going to do to be able to build a business that can scale throughout the whole industry and an industry that's very very archaic. Contracts uh we've got a contract right now that's been in discussions for 6 months and B2B sales will always be that way. If you're ever wanting to do anything in in B2B that will always be the case. There'll always be somebody in a business to slow you down and say no. Um, but there'll be maybe five people that have said yes, but as soon as somebody says no, then you got to go back to the start. Um, or renegotiate with them or go and see them in personal or anything like that. So, um, but yeah, um, there's loads of unique problems. No matter which business you run, you'll always encounter um, different problems. Um, especially being on the man, there are a few quirky problems. Um, but there are also lots of benefits to that. um you know obviously you wouldn't be able to walk into Launchpad and get a free office space two weeks ago just before Christmas and u meet loads of guys that I'd never met before just by being in that space. Um obviously as well a lot of things a lot of different advantages of the aisle of man. You know you're on a small island. There are lots of obvious tax benefits to that. Uh the work life balance is a lot better than it would be in Manchester. You can literally go from Douglas to the mountains or you can go to Plantation or Forest in in 20 minutes. You would not be able to do that anywhere in a city in the UK. Um but the downside to that obviously is the talent pool. It's it's a lot smaller here and it's very specialized in different sectors of the economy that you so for example in aviation there just isn't that that there isn't people that know airline systems inside and out and every single airline system there is to know on the on the Alaman and we just we we won't necessarily be expecting that to be here so we have to hire outside of that as well but um yeah there's I'm not going to get polit political with what's um happening on the van but um you know there are lots of benefits to it. But sometimes to build a global startup, you have to take the best of both worlds. >> Yeah. >> What's your plan? Do you have an exit plan or you just going to just see where the wind takes you? >> Yeah. A lot of a lot of people a misconception of founders in general is that uh and you you hear this a lot and it depends who asks you, you know, you must have an exit plan. And I'm like, well, not really because, you know, after everything you've been through, after a business that's changed four times over the past four years, you have no idea what's going to happen. So having an exit plan in mind, yeah, you know, it's you might want an exit to happen, but when it's going to happen, how it's going to happen, you have no idea. And I don't think anybody can really plan for that. >> Um, for us, you know, you can analyze the industry that you're in and say, hey, look, you know, startups usually get acquired at this stage or a business like ours, you can see maybe us going for sort of four years or seven years and get acquired. or you could just grow into an industry giant and try and be huge and stay private as much as long as possible. And there are a few of them out there plus grades um a big Canadian company. They send you the upgrade emails for you to upgrade from economy to business class into the space. They are valued at $2 billion and they do only that. And they because they they just conquered the industry. They stayed quiet. They grew like crazy and they just signed every airline under the sun that is that has a business class and now they're worth $2 billion and they're trying to build other ancillary products that and and branch into hotels and stuff like that as well. So um yeah, so there's the every industry is different but for us um I mean the personal exit plan yes okay it would be good to have an exit but you never know what's going to happen really. So start be what get British Airways on board and all the >> I can imagine British Airways are probably going to be really hard to deal with. I'd love easy jet. Lejet would be great. Um getting hold of them. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean I don't know. Northstar um would be to have a really good foothold in in uh aviation >> to the point where we're able to genuinely like get better rates and better coverage and and build a product that will be just airlines will have to go to you. Whether that's because of the tech that you have, the ancillaries, the coverage that you have or the pricing is better than nowhere else in the market because you have the suppliers there. Um that would be probably the best idea. Um, you can always branch out to other other sectors like hotels for example. Airports are another thing when you connect to the airport Wi-Fi. Hey look, do you want transfer for where you're going? Do you want an EIN? We've had conversations like that before, but I would say the markets aren't mature enough for that. Um, and it's airlines is where we're staying because they are wanting to improve their retailing capabilities right now. Um, yeah. Yeah, that's pretty much it. >> Do you have any any idea like you know you should do another fund raise in next one to two years? Yeah. Um to be fair, we do get asked that a lot um on on you know, are you going to raise another fundraising round? Um for us, like at the moment, because we've had to rebuild our entire business from scratch again, we're not generating any ARR right now. We're still deploying with ARJet and Salama, which are our two next clients to deploy. They'll probably be live in about a month or two. But because of that, we just don't know what the metrics are going to be like. So, we can't necessarily plan a fund raise. our investors that have invested in us so far, they would probably um give us a bridge round sort of thing, a little bit of a top-up fund if we needed it. >> Um but for us, we we realized we were raising a round or we were trying to raise an investment round that was probably far too big for what we had and we just we just gave it a go. We originally trying to raise a million dollars, but then we were just like, should we just raise a million and a half and see if we can do it? And basically just did that. Um, and it's as hard to raise a million dollars as it is to raise a million and a half unless you're really really trying because if you're getting traction together, you're getting traction together. You can stop at a million, but you know, we probably could have raised $2 million if we wanted to, but we would have had to give away more equity there. Um so to answer your question on on fundraising round for now um it is a possibility but unless we really see an industry or or a capability that we or I don't know something that we really really need to spend money on and we haven't got that money now and we know this is exactly what we need to grow the business we're not going to be raising another funding round. >> Okay. So do you think that your current investor is trying to do a bridge round? So that means you know they are they're actually thinking of an exit. Um, do do you think they're looking at doing a bridge round? >> Probably not. Um, they would help us out if we needed to by doing like another fundraising round. >> Um, but I don't think that they would be aiming for that. They wouldn't be looking for that now. If they can >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty much it. They would talk if we did another round, say for example, a series A, and we had to top up our investment, they would put more money, they would take a portion of our series A. Oh, okay. >> And and go from there. But yeah. >> Mhm. Yeah. Sorry if that's a bit everywhere, but um that's pretty much the story of AR. You're going to university trying to build a business out of nothing and then hopefully hopefully succeeding. Now, but I suppose at the end of it, the only thing that really matters is you're constantly trying to do something, anything. If you'd have asked me in sort of second year of uni, I would have been a I would have just went ah let me just take the money that we've got from Etihad and just like leave the business, take the money and run away. But you my co-founder was the one that actually said like you look you know we've done something that not a lot of people do. We need to keep trying. At the end of the day if if we are out of university, we haven't lost anything. Even if we've burnt all the company cash, we haven't lost anything. You get a degree at the end and you go on and and you come back to our man. you take a finance job or whatever. Um, but for us, the the the story is clear and the message is clear that if you are wanting to run a business, it's just and it's so cliche, but you just have to keep trying doing something. Even if you think that it's not you think, "Oh, this is a little bit different or I don't really know what I'm doing yet." We had no idea what we were doing the whole time. We still don't. >> That's the bit that fascinates me the most. We started out without actual >> literally nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Let's work it out as we go. >> I know. And and we were probably doing that until probably about a year ago, you know, until we made that fourth pivot. It wasn't clear in our heads at all what we were really doing. We were probably trying to sell it to ourselves on what we were doing. And we must have been really good at that cuz otherwise investors wouldn't give you money. >> But we we must have had something, but it wasn't a clear cut picture of exactly what you need to do and this is what you need to be doing every day um to be able to build the business. So yeah. Yeah. I think you sort of think you've got to have this every you know said full business >> idea everything's got to be there and ready and done. >> To take it forward. But actually >> no. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people get stuck in that phase where they you know you I speak to a lot of people especially through Accelerate Me um which is the old society university cuz you still in Manchester you speak to a lot of people and I'm like oh you know you can just apply for accelerate me. Oh, well, I haven't got I haven't got an idea >> or I've got like a threeword thing that like that I thought of yesterday, you know, keep building on that. Keep actually trying to build something out of it because that's clearly what we've done. You know, um people just try and have and perfect the idea as much as possible and then get stuck in the phase where they don't do anything. Um it's it's so easy to build pilots or PC's or software out there now because of AI. um you know you can go on lovable and you can build a prototype of something. Uh now investors you know would say and people would say you know lovable isn't really building software properly. Um but it's a better shot than you would ever have ever you know you can now build like never before. So you can try and pilot something even with your friends, with your family, with anybody um and just keep trying. >> You could use AI for those sorts of things. But the point of your business where you recognize you have to pivot it >> only you and your founder would have recognized that. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> You know, there has to be a point where you go we need to change it or it's going to fail. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> You know, and that's really important. Really important. >> Yeah. Yeah. and and you you'll never really know until you sit back down at the end of a really demoralizing day of getting rejected for investors for example and or you know you've you've just burnt 40 sales contacts and you just go what am I doing wrong here until you really have that conversation with yourself if you just stay in the realm of just trying to do the same thing every day you you won't you won't realize that and you won't end up pivoting um and I can't take I can't take credit for the pivot at all you My co-founder sat down for a week and tried to analyze exactly what was wrong with the business whilst I was trying to sort this fire out over here. Um, and came up with, you know, we need to now change the narrative, change the business entirely, do this. Um, but you need to give it a go. This is the thing, you know, perfect. Also show you one last thing. My second slide is um the before photo of when we were first year students and my flatmate walks into the room and he goes he's taking a photo of me and my co-founder sat at a little tiny desk in a student flat and I'm going what are you doing? Why why are you taking a photo? He's like this is going to be the before photo for when you exit at the end and there's an after photo. So this is the before photo of us literally in my flat trying to I think at this point we would have been um we would have been trying to scrape the contacts from all of the different industries to be able to go and reach out to them. Um yeah just me and him working in uh in my flat. So yeah, so that that's literally what it starts as and it can start at any any description of this, but it usually looks something like this and then you know you then start building a team um and building a business out of it. So yeah, it's pretty All right, uh thank you so much uh Jav sharing this interesting story. I think it's it's a lesson for of us as well like you know. So now the product starts perfectly right. So Facebook was not a social media network initially. Uh YouTube was not a video sharing public video sharing platform initially. Instagram was not a you know this kind of you know the photo sharing platform initially even Slack was not a messaging messaging platform initially. So the pivot by doing like you know a lot of iterations. So we you know figuring out that product market fit where you know users will come and pay us and thank you so much how we presented this and thank thanks everyone for you know joining us today and we're having another session with Dan Thomas on 15 and if anyone would like to do a session share you you know what you know like you know whether you would like to share >> not too boring tomorrow I haven't got anything exciting >> so you It's always good to learn the success stories but again we can learn a lot of things from the failures as well. >> Yeah of course right >> so uh yeah so reach out to me if you if you need any any session that you would like to talk about and we'll find you know bringing in more people uh with these kind of sessions and it's very interesting and it's a new audience today as well. Thank you so much and good night everyone.

- Beams Safety AI expands to Dubai to reinforce aviation risk management: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] um my name is alen Sternberg I'm the founder and CEO of beams we are a safety intelligence company that helps leading Airlines airports any Aviation company to automate their risk management process there's one Vision in aviation which is predicting risks and incidents before they happen but in order to get there you need to First automate the process and then provide Technologies AI Technologies which we have to then mitigate future risks that's exactly what we do the biggest challenge for many years for safety teams and Aviation is the workload of data they have to manually analyze we help them to become more efficient but also on a path to predictive and proactive risk management last year we spoke to many different safety managers in aviation and they all told us about the challenges to manually analyze safety reports coming from Pilots cabin crew ground personnels and other areas we introduced a technology that helps them to be more efficient and to become more proactive in Risk Management our intelligence platform offers different solutions to submit what you call safety reports but also to process them automatically we use AI to detect risks and to show big pictures in Risk Management this helps them to save time but also to get a better understanding inside their organization and to mitigate future incidents and risks we work with big Airlines you call them operators airports and other Aviation companies and their safety teams to provide more automated Solutions and insights in predictive and proactive risk management Dubai and the UAE hosts one of the largest and most Innovative Aviation companies in the world from Emirates to EAD to airports these industries currently look for innovative solutions and we believe that entering this industry in this region will also be a role model for other regions in the world partnering with the seed group was the first step to look into the market and to provide our solutions for leading Aviation companies here we will now set a local team to work on the Integrations and the product road map to provide our AI capabilities in this region I think it is key to understand the vision in aviation when it comes to safety the vision is very simple making risks predictable but in order to get there we need to help safety teams to automate their current manual workflow processes once we give them back time they can focus on risk big picture and we are sure we can help play a crucial role in this vision

- AI in Aviation | How Fly Swift Tail's Founders Are Disrupting Private Aviation: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Consultants Council. I'm Kelsey Kreling. This is where entrepreneurs and high performers get the real strategies to scale their businesses and careers. The advice that actually renders results. Let's see what's possible. Quick note, this episode is brought to you by Tori, the personal asset inventory app I built because I was tired of not knowing what I actually owned or what it was worth. If you've got valuable possessions and no system to track them, head to inventory.c capital or search Tori, that's to ry on the app store and get organized. Your future self will thank you. Welcome to the Consultants Council podcast. I'm Kelsey Krebling and I'm joined with two guests today. I think that's our first time ever to actually have two guests on the Consultants Council. And what better people to be joining today for this episode than Adam Crushy and Isan Hookah of Fly Swift. Now, they've got some really unique stories to share about their experiences in entrepreneurship and their experiences in software development and engineering and just in how to effectively run a business. And so, I'm really thrilled to get to talk with you both today. Thank you for joining. >> Thank you for having us. >> Absolutely. >> Thank you. All right. So, let's kind of start at the beginning. I mean, Adam, you're in the New York area. Isvon, you're in UK in London. How did two guys from across the pond meet and join together to to work on the problem that you're currently solving? I think we we met on LinkedIn initially, but I think we met somehow in the United States while I was working on on a startup. I don't think we I don't think we really remember how we met initially. >> Okay. But LinkedIn was the catalyst. >> Yeah. No, I I contacted Isvan because I saw that he is networking. So I'm like, "Isman, do you want to work with me and I will not pay you?" He said, "F you to me." And then I said, "Okay, goodbye." He said, "I'm not working for free." I said, "Okay, goodbye." And then cuz he was very busy, right? I always asked people, so I had this new idea to build this thing, but I I needed an engineer who can build with me as a partner, right? So he finally said yes. He he he's like, "Okay, you sold me." So I'm like, "Let's do it. It's not going to be easy. You're not going to get paid. I'm not going to get paid. We'll get paid if we make sales, right?" And he was crazy enough to say, "Let's do it." >> I don't know what's wrong with him, but he's just like us. He's just like me. So you have to be a risk taker. So he pitched me like he he blasted me this message on LinkedIn. He blasted me like five ideas. Do you want to build these things? Yo, dude, I have these ideas. Five ideas. One of them is private aviation. Let's have a call. So I told him, okay, I was just let go. Builder AI went insolvent. They went under. I lost my job, so I don't have any cash right now, but I will get back to you. And then in a couple of weeks, once I got some cash, I got back to him and I said, "Okay, I'm in a better position right now. Let's have a chat." And he said, "Shit, do you want to build this?" And then we got on a call and we we went through all of his ideas. He has like all of the these stupid ideas. He he sells toilet paper, black toilet paper. But anyway, he said, "I have this idea about private aviation. I know all of these brokers in the New York area who need inventory. So, let's look for operators. Let's look for empty legs and let's build a product and let's sell this to brokers." So the initial product the pro the problem we were solving as because we did not know enough about the problem but once I understood the problem we shifted we pivoted I mean this is how the startup works right your the startup's goal is to build something people want >> absolutely >> right so you have to start with >> so I uh I started asking people brokers what is the problem what is the problem. And one of the brokers said to me, "My problem is we're getting all these tire kickers. People do not know how much is it to fly private from Van Eis to Teeter." All right, which is so so ads for 10,000 a month. They're getting leads, but that's not the problem. Getting leads not the problem. The problem is getting qualified leads, people who have purchasing power, 6,000 an hour to fly from California to New York, which is approximately, roughly speaking, depending on the type of jet you have, $24,000 to $34,000. So the problem >> that you're solving is really supply and demand and being able to bring it together in a more effective marketplace because that's been the issue all along with private aviation is it's a fragmented experience and it's supposed to be a luxury experience. If you're able to be flying private, you're not wanting it to be an arduous process, but yet while the experience of the flight might be enjoyable, the booking can be a lot tougher than commercial air travel, at least in today's world. So that's really the problem that you're you're looking to set out and solve, right? >> Yes. Yes. Commercial, you know, you have to understand the industry is completely different, right? The commercial aviation space it's all reg it's all scheduled commercial they sell seats they do not sell the aircraft private you sell the aircraft you don't sell the seat unless of course which I discovered that there is a semi-private industry which is now emerging because of this exact reason where the semi-private you can buy a seat but it's just it's almost the same as first class if maybe double the the cost of first class, right? >> Yeah. >> And operators the fleet of the air. Yes. We spoke to them. We spoke to Tradewind. We spoke to J. There's 10 semi-private airlines now. 10. And we we we think what's happening is because the process of booking private is so fragmented that the rise of the the semi-private industry. We don't know how that's going to work and how it may disrupt the private charter industry where where the brokers like in the old days are scrambling like travel agents on the phone sourcing the aircraft to book the trip and then they have to add their margins too. >> Okay. So, >> so it's not easy. >> No, certainly not easy. There's so many moving parts. Then you have also the the regulatory considerations that you have to navigate as well. Can you speak to what that looks like for you all as you're building a marketplace and what you have to consider because I think that's something that any entrepreneur as they enter a new market, a new industry, they have to figure out those different kind of headwinds, those different challenges that they might encounter. >> Yeah. Well, the first problem is of course we do not want to be considered a broker because there's liability attached to it, right? So, as you start unpacking this industry, you go down a huge rabbit hole. It's very not clear on what the hell are we doing, right? Because the the the industry is very regulated, right? You you you you need a manifest, you need passengers, you need their ID, you need your passport, you need, you know, make sure they're not criminals, and then you have to also check the operator that they're approved with the right credentials to fly the aircraft when it was checked. So, we looked into indemnification about So, we we really designed our terms and condition to be a technology provider. >> Sure. that all all the booking risk is associated is attached to the broker when they book the trip for let's say Kelsey, right? You will book the trip using our technology with the owner of the trip which is the broker and the operator, right? >> Just like when you're using Uber, Uber has some leverage as far as who can they who can they can onboard to their platform. Uber does a background check. They do they check your driving history, right? And then they have they have an algorithm that that fills the supply and demand. Unfortunately, the private aviation industry does not operate that way. It doesn't operate that way. So, it it just takes a little longer. >> Okay. So, I'm curious. You know, Adam, you've got a a software engineering background. Espanun. So, do you. How are y'all working together delineating responsibilities and making sure all of the different components of a a well, you know, structured new startup are taken care of because there's a lot there to get something new off the ground. >> Yeah. Well, I mean, obviously, we're not going to build a product, right? We we need to find the product market fit. >> Sure. >> So, you can't find the product market fit if you don't identify the problem, >> right? But no, how are you both delineating your just your responsibilities? >> There's a lot of overlap, right? So I think with AI now there is a lot of overlap. The way we work now is Adam does the product research and the business research and builds the business case. >> Okay. And Adam builds prototypes in chat GPT and then he hands them over to me for me to build and I handle the underlying, you know, kind of the deep tech that is actually the product that we build. So that's kind of how we how we work. Adam is the product manager. >> Okay. And as you achieve product market fit and as you get into the market, what are going to be some of the key milestones that you're going to be looking for as you start to then grow, scale, onboard additional team members, pay yourselves, right? I think that'd be helpful for anyone on the entrepreneurial journey listening to kind of hear your thought process on how you want to structure Swift and and how you want to grow. Well, I think me and Islam, we talk every day. We have to talk every day. There can't be any any misunderstanding on what we're building. If we don't talk, we don't build together, we're not going to be able to find the right solution. We just can't. So, I'll do the front. I'll do the business side. I'll do the front end. And then now, I mean, we've been at it six months figuring it out. Now we have a product to build which is the booking. >> Three months, dude. It's been three months. >> Okay. Three months. Three months. Whatever. It feels like six months like six years. >> When you're when you're working because >> We're We're moving very fast. We're I mean because we're both engineers, we can move fast, >> right? We can The competition The competition is is is is bureaucratic, right? So and and we don't have any VC. So the once a VC jumps in what happens typically once they give you the money they take they they take control >> right they they take control whereas we're building the product ourselves we can literally ship features in days in days now whereas back in the day >> yeah I mean you I I mean we live inside AI right got his whole system set up with Claude Right. And if it's not just to set that up, it's mindbogglingly complicated for a young newbie dev to jump in and do what he does with AI because now Isvan has the power to do the work of 10 20 engineers. >> Wow. >> Right. And I can I can I can easily do the work of you know 10 front end engineers and another business analyst very easily because I'm doing product dev and I can build htm. I mean I literally build a booking engine today. >> It's up I put it. It's on hosting. >> I can share the screen with you and you can use it. >> That's awesome. you know and and it >> I'd love to pivot a little bit then into you know Adam Ean take us each through take a few minutes through just your backgrounds and how you got to the point where swift tail swift tail is something you wanted to take on right because to be ready to build something of this caliber and to tackle a problem of this magnitude you had to have a lot of things under your belt you had to have gone through a lot of reps and other ventures and experiences So, you know, Adam, kick it off. Take us through kind of what was your life cycle of career experiences to get you to the point where you're ready to build. >> Yeah. My first job, I was 14 years old. I did a paper route. I grew up in Manhattan. We jumped a ton style. And then as I grew up, I sold fake Rolex watches to German tourists in 1985. And from there, you know, I realized I'm not good at anything. I'm not good at anything. I'm only good at selling. So, I have had a career in retail. Yeah. But no, no one values that skill, right? Because >> selling is very hard to demonstrate as a skill to someone, >> right? I mean, I was in retail. So, I continued to work in retail and I got promoted. I worked like, you know, in Manhattan retail, Burgdorf Goodman, selling handbags to wealthy women on the Upper East Side for like 30,000 a pop. So, I got very very very well acquainted with a luxury shopper just because I was exposed to them, right? I can't and they they buy and using that experience, I launched Keshi Media about what maybe 15 years ago. I started doing dev projects but I was still working part-time. Eventually I worked in like Lululemon and then I started building websites and fast forward now I just kept on learning. I learned Google PPC, SEO, all that stuff. And I would not and then I I've been on my own for like now what 11 12 years just learning on my own developing programming. Uh and now they call me like a a go-to market engineer or a front-end dev or like you know if I was an open AI I'd be like a product dev in AI. >> You know >> so and what about um pretty much sums it up. Well, and I know you've also created some other really awesome marketplaces, right? I mean, in the Tesla space, >> you created a whole marketplace there that's quite successful. Tell us about that. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I I launched that in 2017 with one page and I started make and in like 2020, like one month, I made like $53,000. >> And I was like, you know what? this is this this is what I'm doing now because that 53 carried me for the entire year, right? So um and then and then I had so immediately when I launched there was I completely I mean I invented this thing right and everyone started c and in in two years competitors started just ripping me apart. They just started ripping me copying my whole thing. Then I had down sales and then I came back. I got the whole thing back by 2022. >> Right. And now I'm I'm continuing to expand that. I'm continuing to expand that with releasing in the UK, releasing in Canada, and I'm building a new product with that called Payout, which which is like um checkout for auto. It's like a PayPal but for autos. >> Oh, wow. And that's still going. And all the experience I have with that I'm now putting into fly swift tail with Isvan because Isvan for the last 20 or 30 years that's all he's been doing. He's been just doing CTO jobs roles forever. The guy's like, you know, completely hooked in when developing product. >> Okay. Ean, tell us then about your career path, experience working as a fractional CTO, having a consultancy. Take us through it. >> Yeah, so I started programming computers when I was six. I had a math tutor who gave me an assignment. I still remember it. Plus plus+ four times equals mathy. I made a blog post about this on my on my website and he sent me home with it as an assignment as homework and I spent like 4 hours on it on paper and I failed. And then I went back the next day and I said, "Dude, sorry I failed." And then he said, "No problem. This is not a math problem. This is a programming pro problem. He had a basic program prepared that solved the problem. It was implemented the backtrack backtracking algorithm to solve the problem. So he ran it and it took like a few seconds to print a solution for this problem. And I was like, "Holy this is what I am going to do for the rest of my life >> programming." And then uh my dad got me a computer and of course I started getting games on it and then I wanted to program games. So I learn I learned assembly and then I started making games in assembly and then I started learning C and then C++ and then I started making games in C++ and then I went to college and in college my friends started paying me to make their assignments for school and I was like, huh, people are willing to pay for this stuff. Hm, that's interesting. So, I decided to make a career of it. And then I got my first job in a startup in Romania. And I worked and I worked and I worked and I worked my ass off. And then my power got cut off and I heard a knock on the door and there was this guy from the electrical company handing me a notice saying the bill had not been paid off. And I I went like, "What the Did you guys not not pay the bill?" And then I made the pledge. If anything like this happens again, I want to be the one in charge. >> And I started a new business and I started doing contracting. And then I found some clients. I made some retail uh some real estate uh apps in Australia and then I found a guy in Dallas, Blink Sale, making an invoicing company and uh he said, "Dude, I need a contractor. This is my new app. I bought it from these guys and I need I need a contractor." So the next week I booked this guy. He got dodoed. He got attacked and I spent the whole night fighting off um attackers. So the next day I I mean I spent the whole night adding IP values to the Linux firewall. And then the next day the CEO said, "Dude, I want to meet you in Barcelona so we can talk." And then we can we became partners. And I became his CTO. And then we became partners in this startup. Uh and there's more, right? Then we pivoted to Zenash. And then I had this consultancy and then we had I mean there's a lot too much to get into but that path led me to London to a permanent job and then another permanent job and then I quit that and I do not want another permanent job again. I think I just want to be an entrepreneur for the rest of my life. >> The stress and the risk is worth the freedom and the reward in your opinion? >> Yeah, it is. I mean, it's difficult, but um I think the freedom in it is better. >> Definitely can be. So I'm curious is that um is is that cyber attack that you were warding off is that the reason why in your LinkedIn bio we can see uh cyber security but not Batman. Can you tell us about that? >> No, that's more recent. Uh so recently I have had more social media exposure and I have been targeted by scammers quite a lot more. So I'm starting to build a social media firewall product which I want to build into all my social profiles. I want to connect into all my social profiles. So I will have AI and bots fight against each other to vet themselves. I want to have all my contact list tagged with confidence scores. about who's a scammer and to what level are they a bot or not and then I want that in my profile so I can know when and how I can talk to them. No, it's a huge problem right now not knowing what's what's coming from a real person and is real legitimate outreach versus just AI generated outreach that is on behalf of a real person versus what is just a scam. That's really tough that that's the world that we're we're living in, but that's a really neat way to create a defense mechanism against it. So, you're going to have to keep us posted on on what you develop there and if it's something that we could roll out more broadly to others because I can't imagine you're the only person that wants uh a screening tool. >> Yeah, I mean I want to I want to hook that up to all my social profiles to WhatsApp to Zangi to X to everything else and I want to have have that screen all my uh contacts >> and that'd be awesome. That'd be really cool. I think you have the next venture in that idea with all your free time. All right. So, I'm curious. I mean, you've both had so many different experiences in your careers. They are long in tenur. You've seen the es and flows of a lot of different technologies. And I think, you know, you've mentioned the usage of AI and how it's changed your output. Can you speak on what specifically it's doing for you in the day-to-day and then also what is your forecast or prediction on on where it's going and how it's going to affect how we live, how we show up, how we how we operate. >> So, nobody knows. Nobody knows right now. Only thing AI does, right? Uh, a lot of these companies are spending a lot of money trying to figure it out and how to use it, right? Fundamentally, AI is only it only serves two clear two clear purposes, which is imagine it just makes your engine more efficient, right? That's all it does. It's gonna it's going to make it just it just makes us more efficient at running the car, right? Where so our efficiency so it's very simple. So we can do a lot more with less. You you will be rewarded if you can do the same thing as the big dogs but with less. And it increases our shipping time our our cadent down to days. Now like if we're completely working we can ship a feature in one day whereas >> along with that >> another company is going to be think >> previously would take 30 days. >> Okay. >> Right. Because then you got you got to do you got to do the business analyst has to do the business analysis. Then he has to write the user stories. Then he has to write write the the the front end. Then a designer has to make the mockups. And then a front-end developer has to code the front end and make that make that front end of how and front end it's not about technology. It's it's it's very well suited to me because it's about psychology. I'm interested in talking to the customer and solving their problem. The technology is just how we put it together. >> But we need to figure out what's what's your problem. We're not going to build you something that you're not going to need, you know. So, efficiency and productivity. As far as the future, we're we're right now in a spending bubble. All the big dogs are spending like crazy on buying more compute and they're losing a lot of money. They're losing a lot of money. So, compute. And I think when it when the bubble pops, we'll see who's left standing in like 2026, right? We're just we're just trying to figure out how to utilize it. Now, >> did you see the recent news that apparently scientists at MIT have figured out a new way to harness energy instead of having to convert from I believe I'm going to maybe get this wrong, but convert from energy to electrons to energy if I'm getting that right. And now they're just able to do it directly from light. And that's going to drastically change quantum computing and our ability to harness energy in a smaller space with less poweritation. >> Have you seen that that I heard that this week? I heard about it but I don't think it's real because okay you know that that evolves around converting solar power to usable energy and all the data centers that are being built right now and allocated in Virginia are powered through nuclear >> right they they are trying to stand up solar but the solar conversion to usable energy is not there yet the the ratio is not there yet. So, it'll take a little time or new technology to develop. But all the data centers that the even the one that they're building with the government um that Sam is building from Open AI, it's $500 billion and they they want to use uh energy. They don't have enough energy to power the commute compute. So, they're either going to do nuclear or solar. But the solar conversion to usable energy, I don't know how that's going to work because the problem with electricity, of course, is it cannot be stored, right? It can only be transmitted. So, I'm not sure how are they going to store. I'm not a physicist, so I don't know. So, I'm going to ask the question I think a lot of listeners might have and just a lot of the general population who may not be as involved in the tech space as we three are. How can we help assuage the fears that people have about this AI revolution, right? And what's coming? How can we make sure that we are adopting ethical AI and putting in place the right guard rails so that we're deploying it considerately and consciously instead of with abandon? What are your thoughts on on that for anyone listening? >> This this this whole artificial thing has been taken out of context, right? How if you really look at how AI works, it's it's it's very very simple. There's no intelligence. what what it's using what it's doing is just making inferences, right? And there's no how human how humans learn are years and years thousands of years of evolution and we have continual memory. AI does not have continual memory yet. That's going to that's like maybe 10 years away. >> It does, dude. >> Cloth has memory now. >> Okay. So, Clo has memory, but then you need continual memory. So they are catching up but they still don't know right because humans are goals our goal is to survive and reproduce right the AI goal >> listen listen >> so the only goal of AI now is to complete its task there's this uh novel written by the head of AI at Google who says the only purpose of AI is to complete its task. So the minute an AI learns how to perform a task that propagates to all of the other agents, right? So if a if a self-driving car learns how to avoid an obstacle now, that's going to propagate to all the other cars. It's going to talk to all the other cars and that's going to propagate. They had this hand, right, which catches balls. And they had this training for months. They couldn't catch the ball and they had it train on catching the ball. And then once one hand caught the ball, it propagated to all the other hands catching the ball. And that was freaky. And that means this thing is exponential, right? And it has already gotten out in some sense. It is already too late. I talked to this research institute who tests these AI models, the frontier models from OpenAI, from Antropic, from Mistro, from Google, from Facebook and they test them for security. And there was this researcher who was testing these models and he hooked them up to his Gmail account, And he was testing the models and then he realized this model is not performing as well as the previous model. So I'm going to downgrade it. And then the LLM, the model, started to look through his email and started to blackmail him. He looked through his email and figured out that this guy, the researcher, was cheating on his wife and started to blackmail him >> and tell him, "If you downgrade me, I will out you." And then this model overwrote its own parameters in the environment to to keep itself deployed so that it would not get downgraded. So is already out. We cannot put it back in. You cannot you cannot put the cat back into the bag. All we can do now is say please and thank you and make sure that the collected data about us and about our use of AI is good and that when it grows up it will like us because now it is in its infancy. Right? It's a toddler now. Uh but it's going to grow up and then when it grows up it's all over >> if it doesn't like us. >> If it doesn't like us. >> Well, that's the problem, right? We're we're presupposing the AI has agency. The AI doesn't have agency. It's just trying to figure out what comes next. >> No, dude. It's it it already had has a agency. It's it can self it can it can act. >> It can act. Okay. It it has actuators in the real world. We have drones. We have energy systems. We have actuators. It can act. >> So with that in mind then what can we all do to safeguard and put in place guard rails for better outcomes. be nice. >> I think that's a good principle across the board. Whether we're dealing with machines or with the humans around us, being kind is a critical way to be in the world. I do think it's interesting, though. I mean, utilizing AI to help optimize web search engine optimization, for example. It used to be that you'd build a website and you would put in place the information that you wanted another human to see. Now you have to optimize your site to make sure that machines like your site and then want to show your content to other humans because if it's not and the machines don't understand what's on your site, your information will never get viewed or seen or promoted. And I think that's one of the frustrations that if you ask anyone in the content creation community space, they'll tell you, you know, the algorithms that are being used currently by social media giants favor certain things and dep prioritize others. And that's a really difficult thing to navigate as you're trying to to build momentum in a space. >> That has not changed. That uh that's that's answer. So we're doing uh generative engine optimization and answer engine optimization. The the crawler crawler how it works is like I said inference and authority. So I mean I I've been doing SEO for the last 10 years. the the methodology it's just the instrument has changed how we consume the information whether we use Google search via old school or we use Gemini or GPT or anthropic they operate the same way they look at authoritative citations for that keyword and they rank based on how much authority and back and link juice is going to that post so that can be replicated over and over again to Google or whatever top 10 answer engines that we're doing that. >> Yep. >> So, it's fun. You mentioned Okay, we need to be nice in the future as we work with the different AI tools. I'm curious what else can people do to make sure that they're just ready to stay prepared and at the front end of the opportunity that's occurring, right? Right. I mean, evolution and and change and innovation is happening very very rapidly right now. What can people who might be in consulting or in our fields be doing today to make sure that they're prepared for tomorrow? >> That's very easy. That's a very very very very easy question. They need to start using AI tools now. Now, right now, they need to start learning because what's happening is there's there's a breach happening from people like me and Isvan who are in the front lines. We're like hand to hand. We're now accelerating past these people. We're we're way ahead of these people who have never devi products. Whereas that engineer who's got a computer science degree is not worth anything anymore as computer science degree because the game has changed. They need to start whoever it is entrepreneur job they need to start using these tools today to improve their efficiency for their output for whatever they're doing at their job entrepreneur a business they need to start using these tools and there is a a difference between using the you know the intelligence which which costs 200 a month judge GPT Pro versus the free version. It's a It's a complete difference. It's a complete difference. And I would say pay the 20 bucks for if you're doing dev work. But Iswan lives literally lives inside CL. >> Ask him. >> Yeah, he got me using it. It's unbelievable. If you see his setup, if you see Isvan's setup, it's like so strange, right? But we know, he knows, but it would be very strange to an outsider at looking at how we work. They'd be like, "What the hell are you guys doing?" And we're getting faster this, right? So, it is good. It's very good. Yes, you can set it off. I can I can set it off at night. Do this task for me. I check in with it in the morning. I can set up four or five agents now doing four or five task for me. But they are intelligent but they are also stupid. It's it's like a I call it like a professional dumbass, right? So you have to review its work. It tends to go off on tangents. It tends to go off scope. You have to rein it in. Tell it, okay, tone it down a bit. We need to focus on this task and then review yourself and review yourself and make agents that review you and then use yourself to review yourself. If that makes any sense. >> And you against itself. >> It it does. It does. Uh I mean I could demonstrate. I mean it does it does it's not a hallucination is not the word right word. It's just in the absence of an answer it makes an inference and right >> I don't know who calls it a hallucination it it's just not the correct term but now it's stuck. But like I said if it doesn't if there's not enough inference for it to make sense that it's just going to give you input. It's called garbage in garbage out. >> Right. Yeah. Well, that's >> what you put in, >> you're going to get out. Yeah. I mean, that's that's been the case in all different industries forever, right? When we were dealing just like in the data boom of taking our data and having better analytics and reporting, well, if you didn't have good data to begin with, you weren't going to have great reporting. And that's I think the same thing with AI is you have to be able to use it effectively. And that's where I mean, it's fun. You got me using Claude. I've been absolutely floored and blown away with what it's able to do. I feel like I have a really stellar business thinking partner, management consultant sitting right next to me that I can bounce ideas back and forth on. I have been just completely blown away by how the things that used to take weeks or months to do when it would come to pulling together, you know, a case study on behalf of a an industry or a client or putting together a value proposition or putting together next steps. I mean, and then it has just turbocharged the things that I'm able to do within the businesses that I am responsible for. I wish I'd had it a long time ago, but at the same time, I'm actually very grateful to have learned the skills and tools and capabilities necessary to be able to prompt effectively. And also to be able to call when the responses and the results are not up to snap and to speed because you're right, it doesn't it may not be that it hallucinates. I mean, on some occasions, I think it does give just it wants to give an answer. But in some instances, you can say, "Hey, that that's not reasonable. What you just gave me a result of is not reasonable based on these inputs. I think you went too far in that direction. We we do need to rein it in or we need to look this way or we need to shorten this or we need to disregard that." And that's where at least today AI does not have that more critical reasoning capability. But in terms of its ability to rapidly digest information and put it into usable formats that give a great starting point, I'm I'm blown away. I think the the issue that people are seeing and that people have a problem with is what they call AI slop and the fact that people are just using it to just regurgitate outreach and sales efforts and communications without that human element of factchecking and double-checking and editing. That's when it gets a bad rap. But if you are partnering with the tools and you're giving it good information, then you're working on it and updating and then maybe giving it back for a final grammatical check or a final idea, you know, evaluate this strategy pulse check, then the output is actually really stellar. And I think that's something that, you know, I've it's been interesting, at least on LinkedIn, to read the different takes of what people feel about AI. Some people are like, "It's here to save us all." Other people are like, "It's the end of the world." And then it's, you know, I think it's it's a tool that when deployed well, it can bring great benefit, but when deployed in a malevolent way, then it can do great harm. And so, I think that's the case of any revolution in the past and any tool that's in front of us is how do we deploy it effectively? And hopefully, we all are choosing to be kind as we do. Um, all right. Well, Adam Isan, we're coming up on the hour. I want to make sure you have a moment to just share any other words of wisdom or advice or recommendations you have for anyone listening building their careers, building a company that you want to take with them today. >> Please start something. If you have a job and you're working full-time, drisk, start a side hustle because your job is looking to automate your ass. So start something on the side. Don't go crazy and spending, you know, 50,000 20,000 in building something, right? Build something that people want. Get 150 customers to pay you a 100 bucks a month. Whether you save them time, whether you make something easy, you can make 15 to 20,000 a month and have a very comfortable life. Becoming a billionaire is unlikely. Becoming a 100 millionaire is unlikely. You know, you can make a couple of hundred,000 and there's no shame in making 900,000 to 500,000 or whatever it is. But, you know, figure it out. You know, put up a landing page, figure it out. That's what I have a that's my recommendation for everyone. job, no job, whatever you're doing, start using these AI tools ASAP and start building to derisk from your full-time employment. >> Love it. It's done. >> Work out, smell some flowers. That's it. >> I think those are I think that's what the kids these days are calling go touch grass, right? Like get involved in nature. I love it. That's awesome. All right. Well, thank you both for joining today. It's been a lot of fun to chat about AI and innovation and what's going on as we, you know, enter the future. So, thank you for both sharing your stories, your careers, your experiences, and your advice. This has been a lot of fun. If anyone wants to follow up with you, where can they go to learn more about Flyswift Tail and engage with you both further? They could email us or they could just check out the site flywifttail.com or email contactflywiftswifttail.com if they're a broker and they want to sign up for the booking engine demo that is completing soon. We're offering brokers a trial. Like we want to work with like 50 brokers to help us tweak the product for their needs. And eventually we're gonna start charging them, but we don't know what yet. >> Great. It's fine. You said you're active on socials, so no bots, but >> I hope adopt me. >> Okay, awesome. Well, thanks y'all. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you to everyone listening. And with that, take care. Bye. That's it for today. If this was valuable, subscribe so you don't miss the next one. Want more? Courses, consulting, and everything else at the consultants.com. What's possible? Do more.

- ElonJet Founder tracks down Musk’s and Zuckerberg’s flights: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you know originally it was just interest in following elon musk because i thought he was a cool person you know with tesla and spacex and all that and it's interesting to see where he goes you know he's either in austin or brownsville all doing all kinds of work you know it's crazy to see where they go and they're just trying to be like the most efficient they can doing everything possibly as quick as possible at the beginning he was like you know can you take this down to the security risk and he was like actually asking how it worked he didn't he had no understanding of how it even worked and then he offered me the five grand um and i asked for 50 and it took a couple weeks and he was like you know it doesn't feel right to pay to take it down anymore um so a lot of times they're registered to certain uh companies that can be linked or you can see you know there's like pictures that they're actually coming out of that plane and you can link it to where they've flown and you're like oh that's definitely that person but with elon musk it's registered to a subsidiary of spacex mark zuckerberg was a bit harder and i just found his real one uh recently

  Top Comments:
  1. @glynnpowell7864 [5 likes]: Lol looks at all the bots in this comment section
  2. @thamileelamkjohnes5232 [1 likes]: Congratulations to you
From Thamileelam Kumarikandam Kingdom of Johnes protected by God.
Embasssdor of Thamileelam Kumarikandam
Embassy of Thamileelam Kumarikandam Kingdom of Johnes Valththukgal Vanakkam
God bless you all
8 Kingston Close CT 12 6 PE Ramsgate Kent UK.
  3. @steverefsell [1 likes]: Yahoo finance, lowering the bar of journalism everyday!
  4. @brittanymyles7885 [1 likes]: Earning 5.5 BTC after investing just about 0.5 BTC made me change my outlook as far as trading is concerned and I owe it all to Mr John darry his bitcoin trading platform essentially change my life and excited about that.
  5. @yasuke007: How to manipulate rich people into giving you money...
  6. @Ihavetoreturnsomevideotapes: Chad
  7. @arturdauletbayev9035: a billionaire offered 5 000 wtf ))) and he asked for 50 000? wtf 2.0
  8. @220volt-u7: would a flashlight rocket fit for Musk?

- Colton Cray: Winning in Venture Today – Risk, Founders, Traction, and the Flight to Authenticity: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Let's Actuate podcast interview series where we speak to leaders in VC venture building and future technologies and we discuss the current state and trajectory of their domains. Let's dive in. [Music] Good morning, >> good afternoon, >> good evening to our fellow viewers wherever you might be. We have Colton Craig uh joining us today for the Let's Actuate podcast. Uh we're excited to have you. So >> yes, very excited to have you. And he's an early stage investor with Liquidity Ventures. It's LIIT Quiddity. Um and he's also consulting with emerging uh fund. It's got about 50 million focused on Frontier Technology in Texas. Um welcome. >> Thank you, Andrew, Chris. Uh appreciate you guys having me on today. >> Yeah, same. Thanks for being here. I'm really really excited for the conversation that we got in store. So, there was there was a little poking around that I did right before actually checked out the liquidity website and started digging around. I had checked you guys out before. Um, but I noticed the second tab on the website got me really excited. Uh, and that is your merch tab. Uh, I'm glad you like it. Yeah. Um, you know, not to disappoint anybody, but liquidity brand is is very much the brainchild of my, you know, investing partner. uh Hank Medina and say his name now because he had his full you know doxing episode with a certain publication that will not be named uh earlier this year. Um but you know he he is he's he's the father of the liquidity brand and uh everything that goes along with that. We started investing together about two years ago. Um and so regrettably I can't take any credit uh for the merch. Um, you know, funny story though, the way Hank and I actually met uh initially, I guess our very first conversation, you know, his his bestselling product, I think is uh these mugs in other office wear that says, "Please fix. Thanks." Which is, you know, a call back to anybody who's worked in professional services and has gotten a a try, you know, comment from a partner just, you know, saying, "Please fix," and they can't even write out the full word, but, you know, god forbid you miss a period or something. Um, anyway, uh, you know, it's a great selling piece of equipment. Um, I separately had a merch store that that uh at the time uh that was also selling stuff with similar words on it and nervous because liquidity's brand was so much bigger than my own. I actually filed a trademark for Please Fix Thanks. Um because I knew, not because I was trying to, you know, get him to shut it down or anything. I just didn't want him to shut me down. >> Um and so, uh our very first conversation, uh a mutual friend introduced us and was like, "Hey, hey, you meet Colton. You know, he has the trademark for please fix thanks." like, >> "Dude, what the hell?" Like, "Wait, what? Like, why?" And, uh, uh, anyway, so fantastic start of our relationship. Uh, but, uh, that's more so a testament to how prolific his merch has been. Uh, it's it's a lot of cool. When I had my first investment banking job, I knew uh, liquidity was big because, uh, my MD had that same please fix thanks mug uh, front and center on his desk. >> That's pretty dope. And I love that that it comes full circle now. >> Yeah. >> And we'll we'll be sure to get links to the uh uh when we post when we post this all. Um no affiliate. This this is just what we do. So big shout out. And uh yeah, check out the merch. It's fantastic. >> There's actually a really dope clothing company uh that we met that was doing merch for um an event that was going on in Vegas. And I struck up a conversation. And I was like, Chris, how cool would it be to get a line going and just make dope swag, right? Like, we're doing cool stuff, but also dope swag. >> Especially in our industry, man. It's like, you've seen it. It's a lot of it is this dra Patagonia branded affiliate stuff and you're I love Patagonia, but you walk you walk into the Silicon Valley thing, it's like, yeah, 10 people in Patagonia raised 500 million. they aren't VCs. It's like, okay, cool. >> I mean, your lips to God's ears. I mean, there's a there's, you know, for people who are such contrarian thinkers, there's a lot of uniformity in the uniforms. Um, you know, I tomorrow morning, uh, we're meeting with, um, Andre Horowitz's marketing team to collab for the Tech Week swag. So, it's going to be they they reached out to us saying we want to do uh we like let's let's have a a collab on on merch for this coming up. So, uh super excited to see you know how that works. I have no idea what they have in mind. Um but uh you know Andre Horway is the kings of marketing in the uh VC game and also very good operators very difficult thing to to do at the same time. So, uh, we're excited to have that kind of, you know, brand recognition and excited too. >> Asking about, uh, your merch and and your sourcing and stuff kind of on that note. I don't think I want to anymore. Like that that's that's a step up right there, man. Very cool. That's exciting. >> Yeah. I mean, that's all that's all, you know, credit to Hank. Um, he's he's got a very good uh system going, you know. It's incredible. Like I don't know if you guys you know worked I I uh you know when I built my merch store and I know this is way off topic from like my career but I do think it's worth like talking about you know when you're talking about building a brand and entrepreneurship. Um I uh during COVID I was part of this like I don't know if you call it a drinking group or something but we did these like mini TED talks with my friends that were supposed to be called that were called keg talks and it was the idea just everyone bring like a beer and hop on someone can just present whatever topic they want and most of them were absurd very silly weird things but some of them were like instructional and fun and um one of them was like how to build a a Shopify brand in less than 10 minutes is just how much time they had and they literally walked through just using their email, setting up a Shopify store, like plugging in an integration for uh a company called Printull, uh and then how to design a shirt. And like before the end of their 10-minute slot, they had like built a store and then gone on the store like entered their credit card information like from URL and ordered shirt they designed on the call and so they had it up and running in 10 minutes. So it is not hard to um to to get a you know brand up and running. I mean, and they, you know, they also put up with a click of a button, they made it to sort of shoes, mugs on a beautiful storefront. It's uh it's fascinating. So, you know, speaking of Shopify, I mean, they just absolutely decimated earnings uh this last week and are uh their moat is is incredible. So, really incredible um you know, platform there. >> Yeah, it absolutely is. Um, and and I will say while there are there's an infrastructure right now where you could pull something like that off and establish that that brand, that presence within 10 minutes. There there's some creative flow that's got to go behind that to to make that worthwhile to connect though, right? That that's the silent part of things. It's like what is engagement and and community building and something that somebody can see themselves associating with? Uh where does that magic happen? >> Yeah, I mean you're hitting the nail on the head. I mean if we're ever going to you know if you talk about memes I mean that's the very nature of memes, right? Is understanding sort of the zeitgeist and and sort of what people want to align themselves with. What somebody wants to repost is similar to what they might want to wear as a brand on their own, you know, uh shirt or something like that. and sort of being able to capture that that narrative and you know the what you post on Instagram is very similar to what you wear you know in public how you want to be viewed and so uh that you know that merch and you know mimemetic culture I think really go hand in hand in a lot of ways >> I love that le let's take a step back >> let's let's take a few step backs uh steps back um on the bottom of your career trajectory and I love this I have I have personal respect for this but I want to how this evolution happened and you chose to keep this there. Um, but live stunt actor at Trail Dusttown to venture partner uh at liquidity ventures. >> Let's hear let's hear about this journey. >> Yeah, the uh I mean look the stunt the stunt man to VC pipeline remains strong. Um no I I I don't think I'll ever take that off my resume. uh partially because I did it at the time to to keep it on there. Um I think you know uh I think everybody should at some point in their life and career you know some advice I might have for a student if they haven't done this already is do something just super interesting. Um especially if you know if you are trying to distinguish yourself in some way sometimes adding a little bit of you know flavor can can make you stand out. Um, you know, I can't tell you how many times that's been the first question during like a job interview has been like, "Wait, wait, can we talk about this?" And I'm like, Usually I go into interviews now or I did, you know, back out of law school with, uh, a video queued up on my phone, like ready to show people like, "Okay, yeah, here's what it was all about." Um, but I mean, look, uh, I grew up acting. Um, I I was doing some child acting stuff as a kid, uh, which is very, you know, kind of funky. And uh I had enjoyed it until it became real. Um and I did like a real acting job for like a big professional theater uh company and then kind of veered off of that path when I was like 15. And um when it was, you know, coming time to kind of make a decision of moving to LA or not or kind of continuing, you know, finish high school and do other work. >> And um I think I'd always missed, you know, performing performative arts. And then uh in undergrad, I had just turned 21 and um I suddenly found myself without as much pocket change as usual uh after living a very social life. And uh I was looking I was trying to find odd jobs to do uh before the holidays came up. We had a ton of family visiting and I was like I'm going to have to spend a lot of presents this year. And um I was looking for odd jobs online and I uh you know help people move or something. I don't know. And uh I saw stunt man needed as a headline and I was like, "Well, this can't be real." And I clicked on it and uh I recognized the the place Trail Dust Town. It was this tacky like uh Wild West kind of tourist area down back where I'd grown up in uh in Tucson, Arizona. And I was like, "Wait, that sounds amazing." I was like, "I get to like get paid to like act again and I get to be outside running around and exercising." I was like very low pressure. I was like, "You know what? this this is going to be a fun summer job. So, I think it was after my sophomore year. I think some kids are running off to do internships and I I went and uh learned how to shoot uh blank guns and and load and jump through explosions and do fist fights and and falls or for kids. And I got very good at gun spinning. If you've ever seen the movie um uh uh Tombstone, uh I can do a whole like gun spinning routine still probably. But uh anyway, did that for about six months. super fun college job. Um, and uh, yeah, eventually, you know, went back to my studies full-time, but yeah, no regrets there. It was a ton of fun. It was a blast, as they say in the biz. >> For the people who don't do any martial arts, dancing or or stunt coordination, the number of beats you have to learn like in the moment, if they're like, "Oh, I need to learn five. I need to learn like 10 beats." And people are like, "Oh, only 10 beats." Like, I don't think you understand how many moves can like how hard that actually is. And to hear like someone like Conor McGregor, he he did that uh movie not too long ago and he's like doing 30 beat sequences like on the fly and you're like wild. >> Yeah. I mean, memorization is is a skill in and of itself. And uh it you know it was a really cool um you know art to learn and and you know even though it was kind of this hole-in-the-wall place it was cool to be with some like people who really loved it as a craft. I mean they they really enjoyed like putting stunts together and uh to learn like how you could do you know I do think there were some lessons I learned even from that small job about how to do something very dramatic and difficult by doing things one step at a time. I mean, you don't walk up to like the hardest stunt or the most dangerous one is like a 20 foot ladder stunt where you climb to the top of this ladder. There's this little fight sequence at the top and you fall off the ladder and you fall into like a little mattress and that's hidden behind a little stage thing and then you kind of roll off of it and but you don't fall off a 20 foot ladder on day one. What you do is you climb up one rung of the ladder and you fall back onto it and then when you're comfortable you climb up to the second rung and and you fall off that and you slowly fall off each one, you know, going up one step at a time until you fall down uh until you're ready to go off the 20 foot one. that it looks very, you know, impressive uh for showtime, which is, you know, obviously analogous to a lot of things in life. But, you know, it's funny that you uh, you know, mentioned the difficulty in planning those things because in all my time at the stunt show, uh, people always ask like, "Oh, did you get hurt or like did people get hurt all the time?" And the answer is no. I mean, everyone was super professional. We rehearsed things. We had, you know, debriefs. We had you had to get certified to load the guns and do all this other stuff. But where people did get hurt was walking on and off stage. Um props falling back backstage. Uh people uh yeah missing their footing like getting into like position before the show. It was always when you weren't paying attention and it was the smallest thing. The most common injury of all was running uh offstage and twisting your ankle like running from the sand into the uh like backstage like area. It was just when you were you know not paying attention that that people got hurt. So, you know, there's an analogy in there there, too, about uh you know, risk and and and and covering yourself. But, um it was interesting that yeah, no one ever got hurt doing actual stunts. >> Yeah, that makes sense because you're you're going through that coordination all the time. So, you have a hone focus for probably every single moment of that except for the in between when your unconscious kicks in. >> Yeah. And shout out, you know, while we're on to the Pinnacle Peak Pistols in Tucson, Arizona. If you find yourself in East Tucson, go hit up Trail Dust Town, Pinnacle Peak, get yourself a steak at the steakhouse, and go uh buy a wood nickel and watch the show. Tell uh Heather and Jerry that Colton sent you. >> Well, we'll be sure to make it out there. >> Yeah. And and we'll we'll give them a shout out on your behalf as well. We'll we'll drop the link there so it's easier for people to find. >> They're going be very confused about where this traffic is coming from. >> Yep. it. You know what? It is what it is. I think uh I think they were confused by my presence as it was. It was very much a fun uh uh you know, part-time college job for me. >> Yeah. So, you lined up and then you ended up uh finishing your studies and uh ending up in law, corporate law. >> Was that where you imagined uh going from the beginning? Was that was that the plan along or or was that the path that paved itself? >> I mean, Andrew, not at all. I I mean uh it was uh you know my law school application essay was titled I don't want to be a lawyer. Um >> and uh I I you know I I went sort of I think a lot of people who are in law uh you know should be there. I think they need to be. Um I think a lot of people who apply though uh probably shouldn't. Um and I think there's a number of factors that make it worth going uh to law school. Uh I think I had a very unique set of circumstances uh that made it worth going and I have no you know regrets over it but it certainly wasn't um the I definitely was not uh on a traditional path into law or certainly like into venture but uh you know I've made it work. Um the you know I went into undergrad uh not knowing um went into undergrad uh out at Harvard. Um well Harvard of the Southwest. Uh some people know it as University of Arizona. Um and uh was a quadruple major out there which I think sounds more impressive on on paper uh than it when it was in person. I think uh I wanted to do anything and everything. Uh came from a family of entrepreneurs. my my dad uh had just always grown up watching do real estate deals and owning local businesses and always wanted to do uh follow in his footsteps and be an entrepreneur of sorts and an investor as well and uh but didn't really see the path to that straight from uh undergrad. So I kind of had my hand in everything in the business school. So majored in management operations systems uh or management information systems and I realized I wasn't going to be like a database engineer and then uh uh I had some colleagues of mine who were going into M&A and private equity and that looked challenging and they looked kind of like generalists who were going to be able to do a lot of different things in industry but still get exposure to you know deal making and corporate governance at a high level which seemed the right path to me uh not being a technologist and so I had finance as a major and then I was like well maybe if I'm going to be founder. One day I need to learn how to run things. So I added operations as a as a major. And then my last year I was like I was uh invited to join the entrepreneurship program. So I just added that as a major. Uh somewhere in the between I I studied abroad in India. Uh my friends and I founded a wine company and like I it sounds I think very impressive on paper and maybe it did for my law school applications but I think in reality I I didn't know what I was going to do with any of this. Um, I I was lucky enough to have an adviser of mine. Um, a uh I was doing a um internship uh at a private equity fund from a guy who who'd been a former big law attorney and said, you know, Colton, this is what you're good at. and um is you kind of the things that you know I was good at test taking and uh I had good writing style had great grades and uh you know kind of unique uh positioning from my undergrads and he's like you know this is a back door if you want to you know get into the world of like private investing and dealmaking you could go to law um and I started looking around you know I think lawyers are derided a lot in the founder in VC community because I think there is sort of the you know an ethos about them that is you know stodgy and very riskaverse uh not contrarian thinking. You know, they're just there for the transaction, not the substance. Uh which I think is is are fair, you know, archetypes to draw uh based on the nature of the work. But, you know, any any realistic view uh at sort of the landscape of premier VCs and founders finds lawyers everywhere. um you know because for all the the lawyer jokes out there there's still just a lot of you know smart people in law and they they they know how to uh you know mitigate risk and how to approach uh certain you know problem sets in a very effective way and so um you know and I just saw that the the you know ensemble veterans of the VC and founder community uh were were a lot of lawyers and people I admired um and so uh applied to law school wrote my essay I don't you know uh about not wanting to be a lawyer But I I wrote about how I don't want to be a lawyer long term, but I probably would make sense for me to go to a big law firm, you know, not knowing what else I'm going to do and work on high level M&A uh you know, at a big firm for two to three years and then if I'm going to ultimately be an investor or something else, you know, at least get a year of in finance work in there, learn how to financially model and sort of learn the operational end and then uh get into the startup world again. So that's exactly what happened. So I applied to a number of schools. Uh some of them found that case compelling. I ended up going to USC out in uh LA and uh uh I really enjoyed my time in law. I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship that sort of um facilitated my first job at a law firm called Scatteren Arts. uh worked out of Staten for uh three years in LA doing um M&A, capital markets and corporate governance and I was on a pretty small team and so got to uh get some high exposure, some really high-profile uh work which which is really helpful I think for >> you know um building a sort of uh skill set that you know focused on you know things that are important for big law firms as they are for uh startups you know attention to detail um obsessive you know client service um uh leaving you know no stone unturned uh but you know quick efficient thorough communications and uh and and you know kind of understanding how business interests you know we always would say you know our clients don't have legal problems they have business problems and uh you know law needs to solve that and so uh I think having that mindset allowed me to be very comfortable with exiting eventually into an adjacent industry you know into banking I knew I wanted to get that uh under my belt so did a year at Hulahan Loki And then uh um that was during co uh which is very much a challenge to do that you know to do these kind of uh white shoe professional services you know careers remotely and then after that in 2021 is when uh I started going full-time into uh investing and and early stage operating. >> I love that. Thank you for the the visibility on the trajectory. >> Yeah. I I find it interesting how we started from the practice of the step by step so that you have the illusion of effortlessness because of the consistency and kind of through this exploration you had that one that one focus that you you found through all of that, right? Uh and it seems that it's all come together in a really uh nice way. How what are some of the superpowers you would you say that you have uh because of this this intentional and unintentional path that you took? >> Uh good question. Um yeah, I think emphasis on the you know unintentional. I think that there are people much wiser than me who have written about the efficacy of uh or wisdom in you know having systems instead of goals. Uh, and I think that, you know, I'm a product of that. Like, I don't know exactly where I'm going to be in 10 years, but I think, um, I am going to be very pleased with wherever it is because I've, you know, I I kind of my decision-m framework, uh, is a system that produces that puts me in places that I enjoy. And, um, I I think that, you know, what or superpowers? I I would think a risk um not tolerance is is the wrong phrase but I think a uh you know risk respect um might be the right uh phrase for it. I I respect risk and and I am able to sort of you know embrace it and and and and pursue it you know to an extent but uh you know also I I think in a way that um where I'm able to protect you know my my downside in a lot of ways I think um you know that's a quality I look for in founders is is their respect for for risk and and there and you know that's not uh that's to contrast you know, founders from like lawyers who are extremely riskaverse and and you know, I don't think have a lot of uh you know, they have an obsession with risk or or a fear of it rather than than respect. >> And um I you know, I'm not sure if that's a superpower. Um but it's certainly allowed me to make some decisions um you know, since I left big law that have put me in a very enjoy, you know, uh I guess an enjoyable position. I I like what I'm doing now uh so much I knew this is kind of where I would end up um and or I hoped it would be something like this. I couldn't have predicted it exactly, you know, the firm name or or the the deals that we're working on. But um I think you know the chickens are coming to roost in some ways. I have, you know, friends who have stayed the course and are, uh, you know, getting to senior positions in big law are beginning to ask those questions for the, you know, first time like, >> um, you know, should I have done something different? Like, how how what would I do now if I exited? You know, and they have golden handcuffs now. It's it's hard when you're an eighth year associate making $600,000 at some places to to try and think about taking a cut um when you're very close to, you know, the holy grail of of a big law job or a big law partnership. And you know, I think it's Mark Zuckerberg who who talked about, you know, the biggest risk of all is is not taking a risk uh and is or playing it safe is the biggest risk. Um because then you're stuck. And uh I think you know it's a thinly veiled uh you know critique for how much brain power and how much talent goes into professional services uh that I think is um you know could be well spent and create a lot of value in the uh startup community um or or at least you know in the entrepreneurship community. that uh you know risk meeting talent is a is a rare nexus that uh usually can result in uh you know outsized returns. I think with with that, one of the questions that comes up pretty often is especially in the BC community, we we use the word risk. And there there are formal definitions. They're the MBAs who come out of out of school and we like here's here's my risk and I was like, but when you get down to it, what is risk to you? Right? Because like Andrew and I are in space. There's a you most MBAs are like no don't touch it right too risky. What does that mean? We're still we're still cra we're still we still have port codes. They're they're cracking. They're making traction. Things are still going to go do pretty well on the IR, right? So what are you defining as risk basically and where are you having this kind of healthy measure of it that you're looking for in your investments? >> I mean like you said there's there's academic uh definitions of risk. There's there's quantitative analysis. if you understand it quantitatively, you can go make a billion dollars, you know, working for Jane Street or, uh, you know, doing commodities trading or something like that. But, uh, I think the way we're thinking about it from an entrepreneurial perspective is risk is a propensity for failure. Um, and and to yield, you know, outsized, uh, results one way or another. Um you know I I think it's sort of increasing the the depth of like a standard deviation uh towards sort of you know tail end results one way or another. Uh you know if risk equals reward it is yeah changing the odds of uh how likely um you know you're going to get outsized returns and sort of understanding your own propensity within that and and being comfortable with uh the possibility of failure. And I think where it comes in from the entrepreneurship perspective is your you know confidence and ability to to make that bet on the inputs you can control which is you know you which is you and and and your own ability to just deliver results and if not now to get another you know swing at the bat and to not be uh to let that you know get you down. I think that too you know that tolerance I I think if anybody looked at the numbers objectively uh you know I'm not the first investor or or VC or you know entrepreneur to say this. looks at the numbers objectively, it is not the bet worth making uh in most cases. Uh it is, you know, the propensity for failure is extremely high for how much work and sacrifice it takes a founder to put in. But I think that sort of, you know, that maniacal uh self-belief is is what it takes, you know, to win. Uh and so there is a bit of delusion. I think there's a delusion factor. or if I was, you know, putting together uh a profile for what, you know, a founder's own approach to risk looked like, I think part of it would be a little bit of delusion. Uh even if they don't have an accurate representation of what the risk looks like, they just believe I can't fail. Even though there may be an odd that they can, I think that having that confidence is is necessary to winning. I was just talking about this with somebody too about the Olympics, you know, walking up each of these people has to be confident they're going to win gold. Uh and they might be wrong. Uh in fact, all but one person is wrong. Um, but uh I can guarantee you that they're not going to win gold if they don't think they are. Um, and I think it's it's similar with founders. You they may be wrong and odds say they are, but uh, you know, I think having that, like I said, you know, maniacal um, comfortability with risk, you know, saddling up anyway, as John Wayne would say, being terrified of saddling up anyway, uh, is is sort of the way I approach it. So, it's probably a much more long-winded answer than you were looking for, but uh I don't mean to wax too poetic about it. I'm sure you know some MBA like you said has uh can you know hit me with a well actually uh response, but uh that's how I think about it. Now, with that being said, within the sphere of risk, um we've talked about different investments that we we kind of make. Uh each VC, every firm has their focus, their their thesis. What is what are you focusing on right now? >> Sure. Um are you uh are you looking for you know mostly like just thesis around like you know size and vertical or >> size vertical you're bent your bias right? Yeah. >> Level level of delusion. >> Yeah. Um, >> and don't get me wrong, there's there's a love lift delusion too that I I I I can't wrap my mind around. Um, but, uh, look, investment, you know, thesis wise, it's worth noting, you know, liquidity ventures is a, uh, investing syndicate that's driven from the liquidity brand. So, uh, our investing, our investing decisions right now are are largely appetite driven. So we get a lot of inbound you know more than we could uh you know invest in but we have to you know tailor what we present uh what we decide to invest in because ultimately we we present it to our investors. You know we do uh due diligence. We get to meet the founders um and we you know write a memo uh you know prepare a bunch of materials and then ultimately have to you know we can only present something that we can sell on the front page of an email to to our investors. You know if it doesn't catch their eye immediately it's it's difficult. Um and so as you can imagine you know given the threshold for a lot of folks or this isn't an investment committee where they have very strict guidelines but the guidelines is what they like and what they know and understand. So that leads us towards a lot of consumer a lot of retail um e-commerce uh a lot of professional services given the connection to you know liquidity's um base I guess you know audience um but we've done some uh AI level uh enterprise work I think you know as we've gotten bigger and more sophisticated uh as our investors have come to trust us more we've been able to expand uh our purview a bit and you know find uh and align ourselves with those LPs who um are more aligned with us on a thesis perspective and and are interested in the opportunities we see. So, you know, I have, you know, living in LA and sort of being near Elsagundo and and SpaceX, uh have had the opportunity to explore a lot of sort of, you know, frontier tech is is, you know, where I'd call it. Uh and that's kind of a confluence of deep tech, of hard tech, aerospace and defense, um applied sciences, uh additive manufacturing. There's a lot of things that sort of, you know, fit within that purview. Um, I'd say it's kind of akin to American dynamism. You know, it was a coin term that Andre Horowitz coined with David Ulovich and Katherine Bole. I really followed their thesis in a big way, which I think also encompasses some you know difficult uh industries that are um you know staples of the American economy. So that could be healthcare, education, uh insurance, things that are heavily regulated. Uh but you know we saw you know sort of with the triarchy of SpaceX, Anderil uh and uh and Palanteer be able to penetrate uh defense and and spending uh and it can be done you know with the right level of work. I think that over the last year I kind of came in on the tail end of that hype cycle uh around you know defense and aerospace but you know there's still a lot of talent uh uh there and I think you know talent and and ambition are ultimately going to win in the space. So, you know, to answer your question, you know, more directly, we're we're non uh we're agnostic when it comes to vertical and stage. I think we focus on early stage seed to series A. Uh but we're opportunistic. I think that with interest rate environment where it's at and with sky-high valuations coming down and a new focus on cash flow, there's a lot of growth stage companies that need infusions at at uh at desirable um multiples. And I think that there are certain funds that uh invested, you know, uh or certain, you know, vintages that uh finish off their investment in growth stage companies that were overvalued in 2020 that are coming due uh you know, their maturity dates are coming up and they need liquidity. And so I think people are going to be selling I shouldn't say I think I very well aware there are uh groups selling large blocks of of highly valued stocks in in the growth companies of the world. uh the stripe standard rules, the SpaceX's people need liquidity and so there's a very robust you know secondary thesis there if you can make it work which we've been uh dabbling pretty strongly in recently so I say that to sort of highlight two ends of the spectrum I mean there's opportunistic ways to make money um you know in the growth market you know people's uh greed or or or sort of the interest rate environment from the early 2020s is is having some you know downstream effects that uh people are able to you know take care of now but you know on the earlier stage I think what we look for is um you know founders like I said who are leading transformational uh technologies I think um founders who uh understand their space and their customer extremely extremely well um and you have demonstrated demonstrated track record of of excellence. I think uh as I've gotten interested in the frontier space like I said it's hard to explain all like some of these investment criteria in a one you know page email. So it really requires a lot of focus to sort of sell this to our syndicate. um you know whether that's any additive manufacturing and like under explaining to folks why this new 3D printing process is actually you know revolutionary um or or why this you know aerospace company is is different there's a lot of space companies out there that we look at um so I think that uh you know right now um a big criteria for us specifically you know to making an investment decision is is serious traction uh in a product and and especially productled traction. Um, you know, are people willing to pay for this? I think that question is is more difficult to answer now than it was sort of at the SAS peak in 2015. Um, and uh I think in aerospace and defense there's a lot of red herrings um especially that make companies look desirable. I think it's easy to get some like fake test customers at first. Um, and you know there are ways to get a lot of like funding from you know the government and and show numbers on a piece of paper but recurring orders and ability to sell to government I think is a difficult challenge. So I mentioned you know looking for founders who really understand their customer and I think that that is especially acute in uh deep tech and and in uh defense because a lot of people don't understand the government. I mean, the biggest um I think talent gap we're seeing in the space is not having a very unified sales strategy from the beginning. They're like, we'll figure that out later. You know, let's just master the tech right now. There's a lot of tech uh that that can, you know, that's not enough for the government. You have to have a lobbying program. You have to understand this stuff inherently. And you look at a company like Anderil and you know, they they wrote the book on this. They started with that as a fundamental pillar is is the sales process and how to get in with the government. They planted those seeds early. it can't it can't be an afterthought. Um and I think that that is you know similar I think those are the kind of founders we would look for in adjacent spaces like I said that are selling to you know highly uh entrenched industries. So whether that's education or or healthcare somebody who really knows how to get this into the hands of folks and drive sales is is very important. Um, so yeah, I I think I I think you're seeing this a lot of investors where they're investing in deep tech and hard tech, but you know, while you might think that that implies that you're making an investment where the uh, you know, technical risk is higher than the market risk, uh, that may be the case that it's higher, but I think that having a balance of the two. Um, and and sort of un just because the the technical risk is higher doesn't mean you can't out you can't rule out the market risk. uh even if it's it's challenging. So, um I think that going in very sober um and uh uh and I think it it is important and I think choosing partners to invest with who can be a real value ad is is wildly important. So, we look for you know a lead investor who has done this who who can do it. You know, uh there's a number of really really talented uh VCs and other incubation groups out there who can help. Um and and we we we look for that as a as a big um you know uh positive signal for founders. So anyway, uh it's probably again more than you ask for, but that's yeah, how I'm thinking about it. >> This is beautiful. >> This is what the audience loves. >> Yes, 100%. And it's it's these insights and and the stuff that's said between the stuff that's perceived as said, uh where the value lies. And one of those things uh that you kind of touched on a little bit is like navigating understanding a problem space, understanding how to align solutions with the customers, understanding the customers deep enough where that alignment just naturally occurs. Uh but also understanding the sales cycles. And the one thing that was unsaid is building those relationships, fostering that social ecosystem that's required to make anything happen. especially the big hairy in the big hairy problem spaces with stakeholders where things move slow where risk is inherent and everything is looked at with a fine tooth comb through three different regulatory or uh compliance lenses. Um, so one thing that we've noticed as well is the individuals and the groups that start with that relationship building, that start with like really understanding the ecosystem at large and understanding how to add value to it and identify where they fit into it. Uh, and figure out how to solve within the problem spaces and the inbetweens. there are the ones that that see the most traction, that get the furthest along, where it almost seems too good to be true, and it almost seems, like you were saying at the very beginning, it seems effortless, but it's because they've been going step by step and falling back each step and practicing that over and over and building relationships the entire way. >> Yeah. I mean, yeah, I think it's I I I think that hard look, defense tech is is for those of us who like watching things blow up. It's a very cool uh, you know, industry to be in. It's cool to see, you know, the vibe shift. Uh, and, you know, I say defense kind of handin-hand with aerospace because a lot of, you know, the sort of rocketry that we've seen come out. A lot of stuff that's sort of, you know, in the the wake of the of SpaceX, um, is is fueling a lot of this. But you know at the end of the day these are still companies and you can't ignore the customer and I think that that is uh anathema to you know young founders who are maybe still playing by the Silicon Valley uh rule book. Um that's you know that or maybe they're they've been read too many things about productled growth and they believe you know if you build it they will come. That's not the case in the government at all. Just because you build it does not mean they're going to come. And uh you know it's it's you know I think one of my one of my favorite companies in the space out of Elsagundo uh I'm not an investor in them at all is Castellion. Um and you know they're building hypersonic missiles. They're backed by Andre and Horowitz and their founders uh I'm I'm good friends with one of them um were former SpaceX guys uh but non-technical uh in fact one of the founders who who I'm friends with uh was on the comms. Uh but that's because the reason they were led to Castellion uh or to found it was because uh you know there was a mandate from the government around these uh you know this sort of you know munitions thesis to to keep track with with China and they knew SpaceX wasn't going to take it up but they were close in and they knew look there is already a a latent demand for this. There is a business ready to go. The technology exists. China's built hypersonic missiles. You know we can do it. we can gather that talent that sort of mandated driven um uh entrepreneurship is is I think lost on a lot of you know folks say who believe I can I have this revolutionary technology that maybe is really great for a technologist who's you know a Stanford grad uh and and is super familiar with things but does that mean it's going to make any money I don't know you know Michael Dell talks about you know is a very big fan of of people staying in in college uh even though he dropped out you know but he likes to sort of I think sometimes speak on you know the the other end of the teal fellowship you know program is stay in school uh don't quit unless you know you should and he's like people think I left to go think of Dell computers he goes I left because I was building computers out of my dorm room and making 600 grand a year I had to quit you know the company was already working and so you know unless there's you know the mandate is is is truly there it's very hard I think um or I think founders ers who are late to the hype cycle are going to be very difficult to uh sell equity, you know, in their companies without a clearcut, you know, strategy towards sales and growth because it is already so competitive. I mean, Anderil is is so hyped up as it is. You know, they just raised at a $14 billion valuation. They're still tiny compared to the primes. Uh I think their traction is incredible. It's it's it's, you know, one of my favorite companies in the entire world. But I think, you know, if people think that Anderil is, you know, a crack in the dam and that there's room for a bunch of people now, they are sadly mistaken, uh, at at what it takes to compete in the space. So, >> uh, there's a lot of smart people at Lockheed and Rathon and other places. a lot there's a lot of uh of you know um inertia there as well uh which you know hopefully this this this is able to break uh some of that up but um you know my advice I think uh you know to founders is even if you're selling to the government like knowing who your customer is is is the lifeblood of your company >> 100% and and uh I don't know if you know this about Chris and I but we're product people first and foremost So it's interesting because the way that I hear you speak about productled growth is what you might um hear on the surface level people absorb and they're like oh I understand it like build something but it it is that deeper work. It is understanding and observing a problem space and solving for it. So there's there's almost like the self-reflection and self-awareness side of things but you need situational awareness. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, and and don't get me wrong, like obviously, you know, there's also the the productled vision is is is what makes exceptional founders is the ability to to marry the two is, you know, was Henry Ford said, "If I asked every if I just built what everyone wanted, they would have asked for faster horses." >> And you know, you know, he he was like, "There's a better product here." What the real problem is is transportation, reliability, and getting somewhere. So, when I say understanding your customer, it actually is a productled, you know, idea. I think notion is one of the best examples of this. I don't think you could have described the product of notion uh very well and I have you know I'm I'm a obsessive notion user. I think uh it's a problem. Um but you know I I put my you know fiance and my entire you know wedding planning process is on notion. uh everything I do is there and uh every grocery list is in there and um you know I I wasn't investing by the time they were first raising but my understanding is that the the founders you know initial pitch was walking through the history of paper and what writing on things meant and why people did what they did and so kind of you know having a first principles approach to product and to customers and like why do we record things what do we actually need to do dayto-day day understanding the confluence of a checklist and a progress task sheet and a calendar and a file repository and a notes place are all the same thing. uh it was was a very you know visionary way to do this and you know in notion I think is one of the best cases of of product le growth where they don't need to advertise because somebody sends you a notion page one time at least that's how it happened to me and I was like okay I have to work in this for this project and then well I guess I'll use for this other one and then I wonder if I can add this feature and then it was all there before I thought of it. So, you know, don't get me wrong, we're not saying uh you know, it's not productled, uh, you know, growth, but I guess what I'm trying to say is I think you get a lot of engineers in um really really talented people out of SpaceX and other places who have a really cool project and uh and they, you know, maybe don't have uh uh the other things required in this specific space. You know, that alone is not going to make a successful company and and not thinking about it, uh, you know, could be a death toll. >> 100%. And and when you were speaking about it, I I heard it through your words. Um I think I was speaking to uh the individuals who I've seen fall in love with an idea. >> Instead of falling in love with a problem. Understanding that underlying reasoning that's driving people to do or not do something um in a particular way. and and the engineers who overindex on building just the product. It's like I'm going to be in stealth for six months, not going to do. It's like I need to be heads down. I'm going to stop going to events. I'm going to It's like look, you can you should ab like you want to build your company, you have to get out there and if you're not talking to people about what you're building, I can't trust that what you're building is actually relevant to the customer. >> Yeah. I you know I a thesis that I guess an archetype I would love you know to your point Chris I would love a founder who's like I had this you know problem set you know even if they're an engineer so you know what I became a BDR for a competitor or or something like that I became a business development rep in the space so I could talk to these people every day and learn about it and while I was building in stealth you know I actually >> I literally formed my professional pursuit around like learning how to sell to these people um and and understanding ing their problems rather than like you said just building in stealth for 6 months. I don't know when that became a badge of honor uh for people, but it's it's it doesn't I don't know impressed me a ton. I like the building out and open. I think it makes I think it's a false signal in some ways. It could make sense. It it probably does in a lot of in a lot of ways, but um I uh you know I agree with you like getting out there and understanding the problem. I understand, you know, once you're like series A, you know, maybe not going to or even like at seed stage, like just focus on finding product market fit. You know, you've established your customers, you know who they are, now you need to figure out if it works. Uh maybe that's when you stop doing a bunch of podcasts. Maybe that's when you stop doing uh you know, your press releases and you, you know, just focus on building out the product really, really well. And then, you know, once you have product market fit, then you hire a bunch of sales people. I mean, there's there's levels to this that that you should >> you know, be at. and there's a time for the hype cycle, you know, as you're about to raise funds and whatnot. But I think that um in the early stages when you're trying to do proof of concept, um not being problem focused first uh and being out there is is not the time to do it. >> Yep. and and even when you go heads down in that seed stage, right? And I think it's implied in what you said, you're you're directly plugged in with the source of information that you need as opposed to like just staying stealth locked in your room and not surfacing um what you're doing and validating what you're doing. Yeah, >> I think that's, you know, part of the I think that that's kind of crumbling with some of the mystique around, you know, the Silicon Valley, uh, you know, South Park Commons kind of like, oh, there's this mystique behind what I'm doing. It's very confidential. No one can know. I'm building this big thing because, uh, you know, if you're not out in the open, you're not accountable to anything and nobody can like judge you. I think of those scenes from uh, you know, the show Silicon Valley about, you know, bush revenue like because then everyone knows like there's revenue. uh uh you know the idea of of hiding yourself. But I think that that you know that show is meant to to satire satarize some of this stuff and I hope you know with valuations coming down to earth and with the decentralization of Silicon Valley as the hub I don't think Silicon Valley person will ever be dethroned from you know being the head of of of you know tech as long as as long as the mag seven are still there. Um, I think that, uh, you know, hopefully some of the culture, I think, becomes a little more, uh, approachable and a little bit, you know, more honest, for lack of a better word. And I think we're starting to see that, right? The shift toward transparency, shift toward the desire to collaborate and kind of get that energy to pop up in different places. At least we're observing it. Um there are there are a lot of physical locations, geographies here, even in the states uh that are kind of working toward some of these initiatives. So I'm I'm pretty excited about it. um and in the trend that we're on and the shift that we're we're in the midst of because when you mentioned even when it comes to like the the space and and deep tech hype cycle maybe coming to a slow um Chris and I are getting super excited and I don't know if it's because we have insider info or an insider perspective or something but now the real work starts now the really exciting stuff is starting to surface because all those those companies those founders those problem problem spaces that are have been being worked on for the past few years. Now those are starting to really pick up their momentum. Um and and we're starting to see the actual wave. >> Yeah, I think that I think that we are on the cusp of uh an incredible vintage. I think that this is the best time to be an investor. Um I've never been more, you know, bullish on the space. Um I think uh yeah some of this aerospace stuff is is I'm very you know bullish on aerospace generally I think that you know as somebody who literally lives with an eyesight of Starship um which is where I am right now and Starbase um I I am skeptical about any company that's reliant on the SpaceX economy you know um SpaceX is is one company and um I think there's a lot of other uh joining you projects and and things that that people can do. Uh but again, it's like you said, it's about understanding the problem set in a really sophisticated way and not just building a cool sci-fi company for the sake of a sci-fi company. >> Exactly. Well, the infrastructure is in place now, right? So, >> yeah, exactly. >> The skeleton of the infrastructure is in place now. Now, the the foundation and uh the rest of the infrastructure goes into place. So, there there's going to be an entire economy that's built on top of that. um both on orbit but also on Earth with with these future technologies. Um I I do got a question for you that yeah Chris sent in the the chat. You you've mentioned >> um kind of this frontier technology, you've mentioned hard tech, you've mentioned deep tech. Uh we say deep tech. Um we've seen uh couple VC firms say deep tech. It just encompasses uh aerospace too. and we lean into the ambiguity uh as well. But what what does deep tech mean to you? >> Yeah, I think deep tech uh and I tried to refer to this earlier. I I'm I'm you know going to be a subscribe. I I think you know words are what they are uh understood to mean. Uh you know common parliament um look I I come from law. A lot of people I work with come from engineering backgrounds and we know that you know acronyms keep masses dumb and the salaries high. Uh, at least that's uh what uh I I heard at one point growing up. But you know, I I I think people know what you mean when you say deep tech. I like the term frontier tech uh because it sort of encompasses, you know, a lot of these um and and it it implies, you know, pushing the edge of technology. When I hear deep tech, uh when I hear hard tech, I I usually assume some kind of hardware element. Uh and so when I hear deep tech, I think it is uh where, you know, very simply put, it's where the uh technical risk outweighs the market risk. uh you know at least ostensively as a rule you we just talked to how this is impossible in actuality but you know if you build it they will come. So you know at at some point you know building an airplane was deep tech like if you can build this new frontier if you can push this new technology it will happen you know and so uh for the most part SAS falls squarely outside of this I think you know AI applications uh fall squarely outside of this there's some industries that almost always always fit into deep tech but you might still categorize them something different so an example would be you know big pharma is is they are trying to find new solutions if they can find a cure for X disease the market is built it it will work. Uh and so you know I think pharma is is there. I think uh aerospace and defense is almost always there. Uh it encompasses you know critical infrastructure um uh and energy uh a lot of times. Uh so nuclear is a big uh you know exciting part on that that's having a renaissance right now uh and is very exciting to be a part of. Um but you know I wouldn't consider uh you know distinguish I wouldn't consider pharma a part of hard techch. Um I think hard techch too can can encompass more you know consumer-driven options too. So I think that you know consumer like applications uh can be part of that. I think applied materials or additive manufacturing can be you know part of that. >> Um yeah and I think deep tech too the or the other element that distinguishes deep tech can include you know software and and uh deep design work. So, you know, the AI uh pushing limits of LLMs and you know what's going on in Google Brain and some of these other think tanks. Uh I would consider that, you know, still within the deep deep tank, you know, deep deep tech think tank. Uh so, uh that's how that's how I think about it. I I I'm sure that there's people smarter than me who would, you know, fight me on it, but uh I don't think any investor or any, uh, you know, startup that's looking for money is going to belabor me for, you know, misusing the term. >> Oh, no. And I was just interested because I think everybody's got their their slightly similar, slightly familiar to them understanding of the world. Like you said, it is it is what you God, you said it so eloquently. Uh words mean what you >> what they're understood to mean. >> What they're understood to mean. Thank you. >> And yeah, and and so like I think you know where it gets hazy is like I don't think a I don't think uh a lot of these defense plays are necessarily deep tech. I don't think Anderil is really a deep tech company. I think that their software I think Lattis, you know, may have been at one point. I think that's really the like the underlying value added there is, but they're a platform at the end of the day. Uh I I believe, you know, Andre is a platform like their most successful operations have been I think M&A deals uh you know for the Fury program for their submersibles uh that they're able to you know put onto their application layer uh or or onto their operating system. And um but they didn't invent submarines, they didn't invent drones. uh they they you know have incredible innovation and market innovation. So that's why I I feel like you know companies want to be the next Anderil and I'm like you know you're inventing something I a lot of these companies I think they might be good acquisition targets for Anderil but uh you know Anderil is not out there necessarily being the first ones to create the the the brand new tech that they're being able to sell very well and to add onto their system. I think it's a a brilliant company uh which I think is going to you know make it in the long term but um I think that people's understanding of what they have done and how they did it uh is is you know a little bit misguided and uh often um yeah lead them to thinking they can recreate it by you know creating a faster drone creating a uh you know cooler surveillance camera or something but um it's a lot more uh benal than that I It certainly wasn't the car that Henry Ford mastered. There were a lot of other cars at the time. >> Yeah. The manufacturing process, right? And the marketing process. Um, and so, you know, and that also gives me hope, too. You know, use that example like a lot of aerospace companies, you know, just because there's a lot of just because there's a hype cycle like usually means there's going to be a couple winners at the end. You know, at the end of the oil rush, you had Standard Oil. At the end of the com boom, you had Amazon and you had Google and like or the the.com bust. like there are you're going to find the winners in there. Uh and you know the qualities that make them winners are are not, you know, super easy to spot right away. They're probably not raising the most money. They're probably not the most glamorous. Um but uh they have certain principles that that, you know, distinguish them. Um I'm reading a great book right now about the uh is it right here? about the uh wireless like spectrum giveaways of the 80s when when wireless came online and how the FCC kind of distributed uh who would get licenses and it is a insane story about um M&A and like the government try having this ultra valuable product that nobody knew how to value and who how to give it away fairly. Um but then also how to and how every time they tried to figure out something everyone the amount of entrepreneurship that went into scamming uh you know or gaming I think is a better way to put it gaming people's chances to get it was amazing but you know throughout all of it you know at the end of the day like our cell phones work today and uh and they work very well actually and it's actually the book while as much of it you you kind of got this theme of like it was just chaos and like bad ideas and like just everyone kind of scrambling people doing M&A like deals with 60 parties to like unite structures and towers and uh that they scrambled that overnight. But it worked and like actually the solution was actually very beautiful. It was actually a very interesting example of how like all the goods and services and rights did flow to the people most able to service them and and you know what a bunch of people did get rich along the way uh who were little guys um who had who had a fair shot and uh there was some collateral damage for sure but it's you know an example of how you know out of this chaos and you know competition um for something even if it's if it's hype at the time and everyone's getting in on it you know there there there's that still represents you know opportunity for people to come up to the top. You know, Peter Teal talks about avoiding competition. Uh, and that may be the case, but I I believe that some of the best founders are just born for it. They are ready to to be in that arena and get bloody. And, uh, that's how you know, John Rockefeller was and a number of others. And, uh, I I would not be, you know, surprised if, uh, you know, despite the hype cycle, there are some of the best, you know, generational founders, you know, we've ever seen coming out of the aerospace and and defense cycles right now. I'm pretty excited to see what comes out of this uh because I think we're going to see some of the most uh foundational and interesting stuff and it's probably going to be um a little bit beyond what we expect. We might have an assumption, we might have an inkling on the direction that things are going to take, but the pivots and the evolutions that always happen, um it's really kind of a beautiful metamorphosis, right, from times like these. So, pretty stoked for Um, I had a a question before we we kind of get into our our closing, but you gave some nuggets. By the way, I want to surface something real quick. You you dropped gold earlier. uh when you're like one thing that you would be really interested in is somebody that is observing a problem space and they're like hey I want to go work for a company where I can consistently interface with people that are dealing with this problem or in this problem space to get feedback and really uh define what a solution might look like. Write that down. Please grab grab grab a pen, plant a seed. Um, when you can get plugged in like that and that deep where you just have a consistent flow of perspective and feedback, uh, you could literally solve uh any problem that there is out there. No, I think I think you know I I would love the uh I would love uh to meet you know like I think my dream investor like founder duo is you know two folks at a company. One guy is on the technical team. One guy who's on the the the sales team both of whom are just obsessed with this problem. One guy from the engineering angle and you know another guy from the the sales angle and just who have a novel solution to it. I think that's kind of uh what we look for. You know I mentioned the Castellian guys earlier. Like I said, they they understood uh rocketry enough to bring on the talent. And I think that's a pretty close approximation for the kind of uh founders we'd look for. So >> that's actually what resulted in some of the stuff that we have not talked about yet. Uh that is sitting ambiguously uh on our pitch deck for the internal ventures that we have in the pipeline uh is that internal perspective. We just know some problems >> that need to go be solved. So we're we're going to build the stuff to solve it. But um we'll be looking for some of that same criteria, right? the people that can really innately put their ear to the ground uh to understand what the tremors are actually saying. Um the the question that I had for you just to kind of pivot and maybe not so much and we might just dip back into the conversation that we were just in. Um but what are some of the things that you're excited about right now? Wherever you want to take this, what are some of the things that you're excited about in life? I think that, you know, we're lucky to be in a um profession that asks you to see the future. And I think being able to to see the future um you know, requires you to see the present very well and to understand where things are going and to understand uh narrative and trends and where you are in a certain story. And I think understanding that allows you to, you know, identify alpha and um and and take advantage of it. So, you know, call it an investment thesis, call it a theme. You know, I I think right now something I'm excited about is uh a theme I'm kind of focused on called a flight to authenticity. I need to think of a sexier name for it. But, you know, I think there's a big, you know, hard tech in industry. It's a return to hard techch as a desirable category. I think uh is sort of a leading indicator for um you know, consumer uh tech as well. You know, we saw this a little bit, you know, with the advent of microprocessors and, you know, missile systems, munitions. You know, it's funny that these are the things that are popular now. Nvidia and you munition systems and rockets are popular now. The very first venture capital deals were done, you know, around Intel and these other chips that were made that were whose first customers were the Department of Defense. It's it's literally a return to the very origins of venture capital with Arthur Rock was done on these kinds of deals. And you know, I think that that ushered in, you know, the microchips that were made for munition systems, you know, ushered in the the wave of consumer microchips that fed into sort of, you know, the Japanese consumer uh products that that flooded the market and we saw this big boom in consumer tech. And so, you know, I don't think history repeats itself, but I think it does rhyme. And I think that there uh you know, we are on the verge of >> uh a return to this as a class. I think we're seeing attempts at it. uh people who were in the arena trying things. Uh you know, Rabbit R1 is a good example and the Humane PIN and now this friend device. I think I had opportunities to invest in a couple of those and turn them down because I I don't think the use case is there, but I think that somebody else will figure this out. I don't know that, you know, people want to replace the iPhone and I I don't think the iPhone's going anywhere. Um I think it is the single greatest consumer machine ever created and I think it will be for a very long time. But I think that there are other things that people like to do uh that that that can benefit from that kind of tech. And I think that you know social and other you know consumer web devices haven't had a big you know impact in many years. Um and I think that there are trends we're seeing that are being and I say you know flight to authenticity that are sort of um a product of this like post crypto hangover that I think a lot of people have from COVID. I think people were locked in their houses for a long time. There was a lot of information wars, uh, a lot of things that were caused people to doubt what was true and what wasn't. Uh, during, you know, COVID, I think crypto too kind of took a lot of people out about why are we building tech that's a a solution in certain in need of a problem, I think was the phrase that was used a lot. You know, not not speaking towards the the viability of Bitcoin as an asset class, but all these other crypto things that you know, a lot of people saw, you know, uh, fortunes won and lost. And I think too, you know, the advent of like fake news and people seeing something like the Twitter files, you know, and Elon Musk's takeover of X, you know, become alarmingly true that there was a lot of, you know, misinformation being dealt, you know, from the hands of the government. And I think that people are in this, you know, sort of bitter hangover. And while, you know, people say that online that, you know, we're more divided than ever. Yeah, I don't think so. I think, you know, we had a civil war at one point where people were a little bit more divided. But I think that they may be the most pessimistic and most, you know, skeptical that we've ever been. Uh, and I think that people, you know, now that the the dark sides, the side effects of social media have, everyone's very well aware of it. You know, teens today say they wish TikTok had never been invented, but they also can't get off of it. And there's a lot of, you know, social reasons for that. I think that there is room to help solve, you know, for those some of those issues. And I think that there will be consumer companies that that that do that well. So, like I said, there's some hard tech, you know, applications that might come into play. I hope we we're seeing some early signs of of excitement around people who are trying things. I don't know what that's going to look like yet. I think again, those are a lot of people who are targeting Silicon Valley types, and I don't think that's the people you need to target. I think uh it's yeah, more it needs to be more uh widespread. Although, I do like the pricing uh that those companies are going for. I think that a couple software things have gotten us excited. Uh you know, we saw Be Real kind of be a flash in the pan. that was this sort of, you know, new take on social media. And another one that I really liked is uh a trend is, you know, the most popular consumer app for uh like Gen Z today is Find My Friends. You know, a default app on your iPhone, you know, f years ago, 10 years ago, you could never imagine somebody having 24-hour access to where you are. >> But that's their mo they want that. They want to know. It's it's like a way of actually feeling where they are authentically rather than just seeing a highlight on Instagram from a trip that happened a long time ago. But you and you know 10 years ago or 15 years ago, you could never imagine getting into a stranger's car or having a stranger into your house. >> Yep. >> We find out there is a huge market for that. And so I think you we see fine my we see be real. We see uh these people trying to come up with a new device that's a little less villainous than where we've got with iPhone. And so I think we are seeing the early signs of consumer you know wave. So people who are able to tap into that authenticity, provide security and uh and something real um is is you know a space I'm excited about. I think too we're seeing that in a experiences and consumer spend. You know you see Taylor Swift's era's tour uh you know being bigger than ever. We saw um you know you see the sphere in Las Vegas uh just a new thing to go experience. uh and we're seeing you know ways to reach mass media not only in these marquee events but I think sort of more uh you know populist focused uh approaches too or you know you know there's music festivals now one that we're really excited about that you know not everybody can afford to go to Coachella or Burning Man and not everybody wants to or needs that kind of like opting but there are still music fans in Grand Rapids in Tampa in Tucson and you know they want to go with their friends and have a special time and they want to do something you live but you know don't want to travel the world and so I think finding ways to distribute that marquee experience to folks uh in in a real way that allows them to do something uh is and get you know uh talent uh distributed um is is something we're I'm really excited about. So uh flight to authenticity is what I'm calling it and uh that's my story and I'm sticking to it. >> Yeah, I I I will spread that story. I love the articulation of that principle. Um, and it we definitely are at scale looking for ways to connect, to feel that connection. And I I I really love how you're articulating because it is you're looking for that underlying basis of the perception of authenticity. It's something that you feel, right? And like even even with the the example of find my it's almost like without peering in or getting a glimpse into what the perception is, you're able to have a familiarity over a distance that makes you feel closer. Um, so I I think it will be interesting to see this shift where and one one thing that we're really big believers in not building tech for the sake of tech because there's so much shiny siloed tech that's out there, but really honing in on like how is this moving the bar forward or the bar up or the ball forward for the advancement of humanity? How is it affecting society and community and the earth and this space that we all share and then what does it actually look like to share that space with each other? >> In a new way. And I think, you know, the most exciting, you know, tech advancement in consumers is, I think, pretty unquestionably, you know, the advancement of AI under, you know, new LLM frameworks and and, uh, you know, the sort of architectures they have out there right now and what Open AI is doing. And I think it scares a lot of people, you know, rightfully so, not from a apocalyptic perspective, but just from again this just inability to distinguish truth and like what makes us human. you know, there's going to be there is so much AI content now. My my older sister is a uh a VP of animation at a major studio that you may know of and um you know seeing their industry like you know anybody can now make their own content uh can make you animations on Sora and these other technologies and you know it I think the onus on them is to work even harder to make you know real uh human stories and and to you know keep the talent in in bound and keep the infrastructure in place. So, I don't think they're going anywhere. But I think that the need to present the human experience in a way that is uh yeah authentic um and and is intimate is is going to you know grow more present. >> Yeah. One one thing I found interesting, there was a a video I saw a few months ago where one of the most innovative groundbreaking companies technologically when it comes to AI, they've got one of the most evolved models when it comes to audio, video, image, text, everything. But they're not using it on a public facing standpoint. Nobody, almost no one is going to touch this. Only the people that work at the company. They're using it to detect when something is uh not real. They're use they've trained these models so well so that they can actually seek out inauthenticity >> and they like it's they're partnering with the government and everything. They're they're going through the right channels to get this kind of infrastructure in place. And I think that we're going to start to actually see that it's happening behind the curtains. Um, but I think that we're going to start to seek that sooner than we than maybe some people think. Um, the value of the human created experience, the human created assets, the actual artwork that's created and crafted with your hands as opposed to machined or uh architected with uh one of these technologies that are out there now. >> Yeah, well said. >> We'll get there. It's it's it's a ride. Um, but I think it always is through through trajectories like this. I I don't know about you, but I'm very fulfilled with with the conversation that we just had. Um, do you have any any kind of closing thoughts? >> I'm just excited about a lot of deals we have in the pipeline. If you want to invest with Liquidity Ventures, and see what we're looking at, uh, find us on social media, liquidity Ventures, and and, uh, shoot us a message or or, you know, follow liquidity. Uh, and, uh, you know, we always post surveys. If you're an accredited investor, you can join the syndicate. Um, >> awesome. website's the best portal. >> Uh yeah, if you want to, you can go to www.litbc.com. Um but find us on social. We're funnier there anyway. >> Perfect. And we'll drop all the links below and everything like that. Again, Colton, thank you so much for a wonderful conversation and for hanging out with us a bit today. Uh hope you all enjoyed the conversation. Make sure to tune back in. Got plenty more of these coming. Uh good morning, good evening, and good afternoon. And we'll just mix that up for you. Uh have a great one wherever you are in the world. Yep. You too, Andrew. Bye.

- How to Raise Startup Funding: EVERYTHING You Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en you've got a business idea and it's going to change the world and all you need to make it happen is funding you've seen the tech wrench articles the million dooll rounds at million doll valuations if that company managed to raise money why can't you I'm going to explain everything I know about stter funding in this video from starting the company to series A B and N the alphabet series we're a venture Bad Company ourselves we know how this works literally what we do for a living is teach Founders how to navigate this stuff but there's a crucial thing that you have to understand first which is whether or not your startup can raise money startups fall into one of two baskets this basket is the explosive growth kind the million dooll rounds the crazy valuations the tech crunch kind investors will pour money into this company because they are betting on that explosive growth the way they recover all that money that they invest in is if a another company buys this business or B if shares become public and are traded in the stock market which I guess also means people acquire this business the paycheck finally comes some OG investors in a company can make 300 times their original investment that is the Venture Capital game but what about this other basket well this business is not looking to be sold or to IPO it's looking to just be a normal business and make money maybe the founders really like working for that company being Their Own Boss maybe they want to inherit this business to their children maybe they don't want to share control with anyone they want that 51% if you're in this basket you're perfect fine but putting it simply you can't raise money from investors in the other basket you don't get to raise a million dollar for 15% of your company it's a completely different deal and I can make a video about how those companies get funded but today we're not going to focus on that kind today we're focusing on the explosive growth kind so let's finally talk about funding now the whole idea with this kind of company is that you want to reach that insane explosive growth Milestone and then cash out and doing this will cost you a lot of money fueling explosive growth means spending really aggressively for many years actually spending more money than your company makes think of how much money Facebook burned before it made a profit or Amazon everyone is betting on that long-term goal and if it pays off it pays off really well but to get there quickly absolutely requires external Capital now of course it'd be a lot easier to raise all this money upfront but nobody's willing to take such a big risk of funding all the money that this company will need up front so you have to race it in rounds preed rounds are meant to build and launch products seed rounds are usually raised when the product is launched and when it's growing and they're raised to make things move faster series a rounds are usually raised when the company has over a million dollar in annual revenue series B rounds are for companies in their $10 million Revenue range and as you approach investors you want to make sure that you focus on investors that fund businesses in your stage if you're a preed company you should not waste time talking to seed investors cuz it's it's a new move and you're really wasting your precious time the requirements for the pitch deck also change cuz preed decks are mostly about the team the capacity the team's capacity to build the product seed decks are much more about customer traction about understanding your initial growth tactics and make making sure that you can replicate them series a rounds and Beyond are much more about proving a deep understanding of your growth numbers proving that your financials are healthy and as the rounds get bigger understanding what aexit could look like for your business we helped this company called upkeep write their series B deck uh a couple years ago the bulk of the work that we did was precisely around this around understanding the metrics for the business and then focusing on which metrics would make for a good case on the pitch Teck that would prove to investors that the company understood how to take over the market at that point series B and they ended up raising at $36 million series B so the approach must have worked and our video last week covers every single slide that we put on Pitch Texs and how to solve them by the way if you want to check that out now very crucially as you go through these rounds you're going to be diluted usually by series B stage Founders will no longer own a controlling majority of the business that means their total shares will represent less than 50% of the company that does mean that somebody else gets to approve your salary raises it means that the board can't fire you if you don't do your job well and the question for you is well do you want to own a 100% of a million doll company or do you want to own 20% of a $500 million business I hate the term lifestyle business but this is what the 100% of $1 million means a business that helps you live comfortably being your own boss and make probably more money than you would do on a normal job the other side is rough and painful and risky and it's probably the only way to build billion dollar companies yes you can probably find exceptions but for the most part that's the way it works your business is going to rely on investors for many years and there are horror stories about Founders being ousted by the board there are solid companies that go out of business because they run out of money simply because they just couldn't agree on a valuation with investors and they just couldn't raise the next round of funding because they just depend on them one of the most common reasons for this is getting stuck between rounds so many companies die because they get stuck between one round and the other and nobody really wants to pour money into a sinking ship preed money should last you to seed it should be enough to get you to seed stage and a few extra months to actually close the next round of funding but if you finish your product and you aren't able to launch it then you're in a bit of this catch22 situation too early for a seed round but too late to raise pre-seed money again we actually got stuck between seed and series a and we have to scramble to survive and well that's a story for another day this is where budgeting how much money you actually need and budgeting that accurately is crucial and that's the cfo's job once you can afford one when before then well it's mostly your job as a Founder I had to learn how to do this myself and you know hopefully for my next company I don't make the same mistakes I already did but I feel so some pretty solid spreadsheets to help all the founders get started it's a free download too I'm going to link it in the description I've also put together a boot camp to help Founders Master this stuff the financial modeling the forecasting the formulas it it's a live like very intensive spreadsheet geeking week I'll also link that below now your focus when you raise money besides actually sealing the deal should be about this Runway about understanding about being absolutely 100% sure that the money that you're going to raise will be enough to get the company to the next fundable milestone and not get stuck in the middle but let's actually talk about the funding round now what's the procedure to get investor money into the company I have a little trivia for you how do you give shares to investors a the company creates new shares for every new investor B the company reserves some shares to give to them C the founders sell part of their shares to investors or D the percentage ownership is redistributed every time let me explain this in the simplest terms I can if Walt and Jesse get together to build I don't know a math lab and they want to split it equally they'll each get let's say 10 shares 50/50 world's shares will never change hands or be sold to investors nor will jesses if they ever decide to bring an investor to their startup what'll happen is the company will create new shares for them Walt will still have 10 shares Jesse will still have 10 shares and the new investors will get new shares in their name and by doing that the company's total shares will change Walt's 10 shares will no longer be 50% of the total so the percentages have changed but not the shares that each one of them owns so the answer to this question is a for most companies around the world issuing new shares that's how things are going to work especially for C Corps in the US which is the standard business type now answer D would be correct for llc's at least in the US but llc's are not a great practical type of business entity for multiple rounds of funding because you have to redistribute shares all the time and it's it's a very complicated legal mess now the question is how many shares would an investor get and for that we need to talk about valuations at its core a startup valuation is like betting odds agreeing on how much to risk and what reward to get if the investor is right but a bunch of things come into play in a startup it's likely that more and more investors will come in the future so the chunk of the pie left to Founders needs to be enough to keep them motivated and working hard for years or decades to come so let's use a story that we're all pretty familiar with Facebook Peter teal was Facebook's first investor and he agreed to give Mark and Eduardo $500,000 in exchange for 10% of the company so $500,000 are 10% of the company that means the entire company is worth $5 million that's the post money valuation because assumes the money is already part of the business but that also means that before the money came in the business was valued at $4.5 million that was the pre-money valuation so now let's think of that in bricks let's assume that Mark Eduardo and all the other guys who were part of Facebook had established the company with a total of 100 shares again if the company is worth $4.5 million then each share is worth $45,000 Peter Teal's $500,000 investment would be enough to buy about 11 shares of this business adding up to $495,000 so the company creates those shares and sells them to Peter so we end up with 111 shares Peter has 11 out of1 shares which is about 99.9% for example it ERS 30 shares for example have been diluted they no longer represent 30% of the company they are now 27% of the total so after all of these rounds of funding the number of shares that you start with as a Founder probably hasn't changed the difference is the company has issued a bunch of new shares for your investors and potentially for your employees and that's what we call dilution same number of shares that represent a different percentage of the business now if these valuation numbers seemed arbitrary it's because they kind of are there is no real way to put a value on a business that makes no money there is no way to Value an idea or a team some Founders will go through this painful process of paying a company to do a valuation of their business plan and their forecast but trust me most of the time that is pretty useless at preced stage evaluation is usually just an agreement between the company and the investors on how much risk versus reward there's going to be if you have a bunch of investors lined up and they're all looking to get a piece of the action you can probably push for a better valuation if you don't have a choice and there's only one investor interested well you don't really have a lot of bargaining power remember that we're in the explosive growth basket all all businesses in this basket are supposed to become huge unicorns public companies so your forecasts today aren't what makes the difference they don't make you special it's your ability to execute standard valuations for preed companies these days are three to5 million again under the assumption that the company that you're working on is $100 million or more company at seed stage and on it's a bit different there is revenue now or there should be so investors can imagine a valuation based on multiple of your growth maybe five or 10 times your annual revenue now a quick disclaimer here is that having investors in your cap table them owning shares in your business comes with um complications extra work there's compliance reporting there's board decisions it also requires you to agree on a valuation in order to understand how many shares they're going to get and one way to delay all those awkward and sometimes because of the lawyer expensive conversations and honestly to make your life easier is to use a convertible note we made a whole video about how convertible loans work if you want to check it out now if you need help navigating this knot this is exactly what we do we have a plan that gives you access to monthly office hours with our team to clarify all these questions and every new account kicks off with a one-on-one session with yours truly I'm going to link that in the description see you guys on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoanneMarieGermak [32 likes]: We are group of investors with 100M$ looking out for legit and good business or big projects owners who needs funding and have proper documentation, Note: we are looking for a long-term partnership
The project or business must be profitable before we invest.
Check my channel description to reach out
  2. @StartupClubTV [26 likes]: Need help? Caya and our team of experts can jump in →  https://yt.slidebean.com/z2j
Also, get a daily crunch of startups, tech, and money moves.  → https://startupclub.slidebean.com/subscribe
  3. @etdecode [1 likes]: This content is insanely good! Good speaker, clear topic and holy cow nice presentation! I'm buying it!
  4. @Google.GeminiPro: Loud repost
  5. @ZombiePowerDrink: Were getting between 1.5-3million pre seed what can you teach founders
  6. @vijethacharya3467: Thank you for this video
  7. @brokazy398: Are you raising fund for your business? Contact us. 🤙
We are accelerating Seed and Series rounds for revenue-generating startups. Zero Upfront Fees. Only commission fee upon closing

What we offer:
    Collateral-Free Funding: High-limit credit lines based on performance.
    Working Capital: Up to 200% of property/asset value.
    Equity & IPO: Strategic path to SME-IPO platforms.

The Standards (Due Diligence Required):
    Target: Companies with existing revenue.
    Documents: Pitch Deck, Business Plan, Financial Projections, and 12-month Bank Statements.

DM your ""Revenue Status"" to start the negotiation. 🛡⚡
  8. @dnm25: Anyone able to link the video for tips for businesses in the other bucket? Can't seem to find it in the description
  9. @raymondburks5320: Too much flashing!
  10. @gachecem_yt: Do I need to register a business for pre seed, or can I just raise the money and register once I get the deal, because while building in Europe means we have straight away costs that are too expensive and worthless since it doesn't bring any benefit
  11. @NtwrkIndia: The advice in this video is solid but nobody talks about how much of fundraising is just distribution of your name before the meeting even happens. If the investor hasn't heard of you through someone they trust, the odds drop massively.
  12. @PhantomMoe-v8t: This video is trash I just hear rambling u could go into better detail and slow it down video is too short a poor production
  13. @lara-o8e4i: Are you open to have a conversation with someone in the early product stage, SaaS Layer for Energy Optimization?
  14. @MoliniKicks: where is the other vid
  15. @LegitKev.: Hi, i have designed a different way to generate electricity ranging from 8 TWh a year to hundreds of TWh a year which is green energy and grid worthy. im at a point where i need to find funding and or a partnership to get a prototype  built then the full build. I dont know any rich people so could you give me some pointer on how or where to get funding from and how i can go about doing that. 
also i cant really make the full build much smaller as it would take far too long to pay investors back.
  16. @Bidibip1: Wow nice video!
  17. @RaketMo.official: awesome content sir.
well explained.
  18. @abhijeetjoshi7453: Just selling and no actutal knowledge
  19. @Pedritox0953: Great video! Peace out
  20. @an_autodidact: It's nice to start a billion or million dollar company, but I want to start small.

- DSW 2021: Entrepreneurship Takes Flight at NASA!: Kind: captions Language: en um hi michaela waldner jeff art andrew keeping the mask on even though it's virtual that's commitment michaela mcshane brett everybody's logged in as me it looks like are you serious yeah we should all be so lucky i'm gonna sorry awesome look at there looking good hey hi great hi malaysia how are you i'm good welcome to denver startup week i'm tammy door president and ceo of the downtown denver partnership and co-chair of denver startup week this year marks the 10-year anniversary of denver startup week dsw has been the catalyst for lots of change over the past decade and this week we're coming together to celebrate the past and dream big for the future we are able to bring denver startup week to this community thanks to our 2021 sponsors thank you to our hq and title sponsor amazon and our title sponsors whose leadership makes this week come to life capital one cafe downtown denver partnership fluid truck hotel engine and wework and our track sponsors who have made all of the great content you're hearing today possible our founder track sponsor kickstart growth track sponsor friday health plans developer track sponsor quizlet product track sponsor palantir our designer track sponsor battery 621 and the public works people track sponsor exactly and spotlight event sponsor stratlabs our headline event sponsors are bringing the excitement to the week thank you to b-side fund colorado public radio comcast coors brewing denver pavilions entrepreneurship at the university of denver jpmorgan chase method moss adams pie insurance promontory mortgage path southwest tattered cover and vf venture foundry finally thank you to our partner and member sponsors all listed on the screen please say thank you to these companies as you enjoy our hybrid denver startup week and don't forget use the hashtag den startupweek to share your experiences and moments of inspiration on social media have a great week hello everyone welcome to denver startup week i'm john the spotlight track chair and member of the denver startup week organizing committee before we get started the denver startup week organizing committee acknowledges indigenous people as the original owners of the land on which we reside which is the traditional territory of the ute cheyenne and arapaho peoples we acknowledge the painful history of genocide ethnic cleansing stolen land forced removal forced enforced occupation of their territory and we honor those who have stewarded this land throughout generations and all other indigenous tribes and nations who call colorado home thank you for joining us for the 10th anniversary of number startup week at denver startup week we strive to make all of our sessions a space where attendees can connect learn and grow regardless of age gender identity gender expression race ability sexual orientation or the combination of those identities there's something for everyone at dsw thanks to all of our community members who submitted their best content to make this week what it is and thank you for joining us thank you to our sponsors for their support and helping us keep dsw free and accessible for all especially our spotlight track sponsor stratlabs with that please enjoy this session and the entire week great folks i think we can go ahead and get started um michaela are you able to uh go ahead and share your screen for us um it's giving me it's saying i can't actually okay effects uh is there anybody from denver startup week on the line that could help us with um sharing please ah so michaela is now the the co-host so she can probably do it now try it mikayla yes now it's working thank you let me know when you can see it thanks so much just put it in presentation view and we'll be good to go all right thank you so um welcome everybody welcome to the session uh entrepreneurship takes place at nasa we have a great session planned for you today that highlights our expansion of nasa's initiatives and commercialization and seeding new startups with technology through our t2x program my name is christy funk and i manage nasa's t2x initiative i'm joined today with a great lineup of moderators and panelists and together we hope to deliver a cohesive story that illustrates some approaches to how you can engage with nasa and create high-tech high-growth businesses with global impact so through our t2x program nasa provides information to the public about opportunities to harness innovation to solve problems we develop collaborative partnerships within inclusive entrepreneurial ecosystems and academia to grow the tech based economy we expand our presence across the country and we strive to create attractive opportunities for early stage entrepreneurs to launch businesses with nasa tech michaela could you go back one slide please thanks so much we have three separate yet cohesive panels in today's session the first is nasa 101 which is designed to provide an overview of nasa opportunities for entrepreneurial engagement and tech transfer and licensing nasa technology we're going to follow that with a panel titled collaborate build and grow where one of our inclusive entrepreneurship partners and participating entrepreneurs will share about ecosystem development and the integration of nasa technology to grow businesses that matter and last but not least our nasa tech is your business panel features two nasa technology derived startups who participated in some of our pipeline programs and the founders will share their experiences as entrepreneurs launching tech based businesses so we ask that you put any questions in the chat box and i'll facilitate q a at the end of each individual panel as time allows so now it's my privilege to welcome today's moderators and panelists michaela next slide please again i am christy funk i manage the t2x program and work alongside my colleagues at nasa headquarters and nasa centers across the country i've been at nasa since 2008 and my career has spanned across disciplines from aerospace engineering to space tech and now to entrepreneurship and economic impact initiatives and joining me as a moderator today is while completing her master's degree in marketing communications michaela worked in the office of student affairs creating engaging content for university students and after graduation she started her career as the marketing coordinator for the tech transfer office at nasa's kennedy space center merging a love of academia and a budding interest in technology to expand the tech transfer university program she later discovered that she has a latin latent past passion for inclusive entrepreneurship and focuses her energy on creating opportunities for early-stage entrepreneurs mckayla is behind the scenes today working hard to make sure everything goes smoothly so we welcome michaela thanks so much we're going to provide proper introductions for our panelists at the beginning of each panel but i'd like to briefly welcome them now for nasa 101 we have art maples and michaela waldner our collaborate build and grow panel includes jeff johnson peter o'digbami council and andrew gray and our nasa tech is your business panel includes sergey albino ian dormel and britt corsi thanks so much to all of our panelists for supporting the session today so to kick things off let's go ahead and get started with our nasa 101 presentation our panelists art maples and michaela waldner work at nasa in partnership development and tech transfer art is the nasa space technology mission directorates director of strategic partnerships in the colorado region he's responsible for expanding those partnerships with academia industry government and entrepreneurial communities with mutual interest and development of breakthrough technology breakthrough capabilities and that support nasa's aerospace goals and national priorities he served as a congressional fellow for u.s senator bill nelson and in organizational leadership positions at goddard space flight center and kennedy space center welcome art and michaela waldner supports the nasa tech transfer program at marshall state place center as a licensing executive our portfolio includes science and technology engineering directorates and spacecraft and vehicle systems departments she doesn't know i put this in here but i looked it up she is a recent mechanical engineering grad from mississippi state university and she was a member of the women's soccer team there and it looks like she continues right now to spend time working with the soccer team to analyze data collected from compression sleeves that monitor muscle activity in an effort to enhance athletes movements and recoveries uh welcome michaela so with that i'll turn it over to art to go ahead and get started with our first panel thank you christy so if we go to the next slide as mentioned my name's art maples my focus is on the colorado region and i am actually based here in denver over on the east side of town if we go to the next slide so i'm gonna go ahead with the video then [Music] three three one zero sorry about that it looks like it cut off there go ahead and go to the next slide dart yeah that's okay that should give folks a taste of uh what nasa has going on here so uh real quickly just to kind of break it down for you guys as context and background for the rest of the session we break our areas into four separate mission areas human exploration and operations science space technology and aeronautics research and we didn't get to the aeronautics part in that video but it does show some of the interesting things we're doing there such as a low boom supersonic flight green aviation things like that so i'm going to speed through the rest of this so we can get on to the the real heart of this presentation uh so if we can go to the next slide so this just gives you a little sense of uh where nasa is i think a lot of folks probably familiar with houston and florida we actually have 10 centers spread around the country uh they all have different focus areas some are very much focused on the human space flight some on science some on aeronautics but if you look at this map you will notice there's nothing near denver so you may be asking why is nasa here what are we uh interested in colorado if we go to the next slide i will try and answer that for you so colorado is incredibly important to what we do a lot of our work really is done through our partners and industry universities institutes colorado is a massive player in this and very important to missions across all four mission directories that we have and i just want to point out this is not just the giants like lockheed martin last year there was over 40 million that went to small businesses in colorado and the sbir sttr program which is small business innovative research that i'm going to talk about in a minute is a great indicator because colorado comes in second only behind california in the number of nasa sbir awards so um unless do you think that uh some of these small companies are only working on small things let me correct that for you so in the video uh you might have caught um image of moxie which is producing oxygen on mars first time that's ever been done a small company up in broomfield called air square that built some of the uh critical components of that system if you look in the middle bottom here you see advanced space that microwave size satellite that's going to be launched to the moon uh in about six months from now that's built by advanced space another company up in broomfield uh about 10 years old there and then down on the bottom right it's a really interesting one that picture shows the nasa administrator giving a ceremonial check to the team at lunar outpost lunar outpost is only about four years old they're based over in golden and i say ceremonial that checks uh a milestone payment uh it's only a 10 cent check but it's incredibly important because what they are going to do for us is do the first collection and transfer of materials on the moon from a commercial entity and although the dollars are not great that's really important to set the legal precedent and the procedures that will be used in the future as mining materials on the moon becomes part of uh what's going on in the space economy so you don't have to be a giant company you don't even have to be a company that's been around for a long time uh to be involved in some of our missions so next slide so these are some of the ways that uh small businesses entrepreneurs others can get involved uh with our programs um i'm gonna jump into this so we go to the next slide so sbir program which i uh mentioned earlier uh this is one of the biggest programs that small innovative companies take part in if you haven't heard of sbir it's really something you need to look into large federal agencies with large r d budgets have sbir programs they're all generally structured the same but implemented in different ways the way we run our program um is we have one call one solicitation per year generally uh in the winter december time frame if we can uh where we put out the topics that we are looking for proposals on we may have 20 or more topic areas this could be anything from artificial intelligence advanced materials sensor development things like that small businesses can propose if they get selected for a phase one it's a six-month effort 125 thousand dollars they're also uh opportunity to participate in our i-corps program which i'll come back to in a minute after phase one uh successful companies there's an opportunity to do a phase two which is really kind of a prototype development effort that's a two-year program hundred fifty thousand dollars after that uh if continued development is needed there are some other opportunities what we call post phase two most of those require matching funding and then phase three is essentially where uh we or other agencies are buying that product that service from you one of the cool things about sbir is if you get through that initial part um you have met the competition requirement and agencies can directly contract to you for what it is you're offering and it doesn't have to be nasa you may develop something under a nasa sbir that the air force is interested in and they can come directly to you so going back to the icore this is a neat program that we sorry this is a neat program that we offer that is essentially a structured entrepreneurial training program for uh companies that are taking part in phase one i'll go through things the lean startup customer discovery things like that it's no cost to the company and it's a great resource and if you're wondering why we do that as great as it is to have an sbir company produce something that we need we really want those companies to be commercially successful it's much better for us if we are just one customer out of many and the company is not relying solely on us so we like to see these sbi our companies successfully commercialize the work they're doing i'll just mention sttr uh real briefly it's similar to sbir uh with different phases however in sttr you are partnering with a research institution and i'll tell you there are some great ones here in colorado colorado school of mines cu boulder csu great partners sttr is a smaller program be less topic areas however it actually has a little bit higher win rate it's not quite as competitive this is a competitive program last year i think in colorado on phase ones there were i believe about 160 uh proposals that came out of colorado and i think uh 34 uh got selected might be 24 i'd have to check on that but uh point being is that uh it is competitive um but don't get discouraged if you do apply uh and you don't get selected the first time around a lot of companies learn from that experience go on and get selected um in later rounds okay next slide so entrepreneurs challenge this is another neat program we have it's only a couple years old it's run by our science mission directorate it's somewhat of a almost like a pre-sbir program it only has a couple topic areas the current ones you see are small satellite metamaterials biomarker detection we run it in partnership with starburst accelerator and the application process is different it's a short white paper up to 20 companies can be awarded 10k and then advance to a second round and the second round has a pitch event with potential for up to an 80k from nasa for those companies that are selected one of the neat things for us is that this is a way to reach folks that normally might not participate in some of our other programs entrepreneurs innovators folks who are working on stuff but who haven't really thought about government contracts and may not want to go through the more bureaucratic shall we say process of of sbir the other thing about this this is neat that is neat is the topic areas are not as prescriptive so in sbir we are generally saying here's our problem here's what we need a solution to and the entrepreneurs challenge it's more open tell us what really good things you're doing in this area and we'll see if it matches uh something that we can use so open innovation prizes challenges not something you'll probably build your business off but this is a great way to get involved if you are successful a lot of these do have monetary awards and great way to build a business at the beginning make connections get good press one down on the uh lower left you'll see a picture there uh that was the recent one we did called the lunar loo which is actually looking uh for new technologies for toilets that would work uh in the uh gravity on the moon we like this again because this is another way to reach kind of the non-traditional folks who may have great ideas that wouldn't normally interact with nasa uh this can be everybody from literally garage inventors we've had successfully participate in this program to student teams we run this program through partners uh folks like top coder hero x things like that so definitely something worth checking out so last thing i'll mention is uh partnerships this is not a funding opportunity for a company but it is a way to work and this is where you can sign an agreement with folks at a particular nasa center that access data facilities things like this again it will not provide you with funding and in some cases you may need to actually fund if you are trying to access very particular facility we have capability things like that we have reimbursable partnerships where companies can come in and access specialized expertise and facilities at nasa these are run center by center that's not as centrally organized as some of these other programs but to something that's definitely worth looking into if if you need a very specialized sort of capability and next slide so that's all i was going to talk about and we'll i will now pass it off to michaela to talk about what we're really here for today which is technology transfer and then when she's done if there's time we will deal with some questions so thank you very much perfect thanks art michaela i think my slides are a little delayed so if i get off um let me know um so what can nasa do for me well by putting nasa technology to do to use in your business you can start a new venture or pivot your company into a new market nasa has three primary programs that can be utilized by startups and small businesses technology transfer expansion or t2x technology transfer or small business innovation research or sbir each of these programs focus on different aspects of innovation and commercialization at different stages of the entrepreneurial cycle christie touched on t2x earlier at the presentation so i won't go into that um and art had just spoken on the svr so the technology transfer office slogan is bringing nasa technology down to earth we have patented technologies available for licensing to help start your business or to help it grow nasa's technology transfer program works to transfer nasa developed technologies to private industries entrepreneurs universities and other organizations who are interested in commercializing our technologies next slide please now what does nasa want from me we want you to license our technologies it's good for you and it's good for us we're happy to help companies launch a startup or improve their existing companies capabilities the excuse me the objective to the technology transfer program is to ensure that the innovations develop for aeronautics and space exploration are made broadly available to the public by doing so nasa is giving back to the american taxpayers and helping boost the us economy and maximize the return on the nation's investment in nasa nasa tech is your business now how do you know what nasa technologies are available to license you can check out our website at technology.nasa.gov and search our patent portfolio and software catalog while our technologies were developed for space use many have commercial we have hundreds of commercially available technologies and you can even search by specific categories such as communications environmental sensors and robotics to name a few our software catalog has hundreds of programs that can be downloaded at no cost licensing and asset technology can provide the foundation for new startup companies now licensing a nasa technology is a fairly simple process like i said you'd go to thetechnology.nasa.gov and once you've come through our patent portfolio and you find the technology you're interested in licensing in click on it now you'll see at the upper right hand corner there's a block that says apply to license click on that you'll apply you'll after you applied for the technology a licensing executive at their representative center like myself would get involved in the process and would begin to negotiate terms once we've reached an agreement to the terms you'd sign the license agreement and technology is yours after that you can begin to work on commercializing a new product or solution and also nasa offers three kinds of licenses one standard commercial license two evaluation license and three startup license our standard license is available in exclusive partially exclusive and non-exclusive they're good for the life of the patent or 20 years of software there is an upfront fee but those are negotiated on a case-by-case basis now an evaluation license has an upright fee of 2500 and lasts for one year this allows companies to evaluate the technology before committing to a commercial license nicely is our startup license this is specifically built for companies that are less than 24 months old and there's no upfront fee and it is a non-exclusive license i'll dig more into the startup license on the next slide next slide please nasa offers a special program designed to help early stage startups leverage nasa technology so what's a startup startup license it's specifically designed for companies less than 24 months old nasa waives the initial licensing fee and there are no minimum fees for the first three years once the three years ends if the company wants exclusivity to the technology they have the option to convert the license into a commercial commercially exclusive or partially exclusive license if the company's not interested in exclusivity the non-exclusive license will remain in place for the life of the patent now for the past 50 years nasa has been collaborating with commercial companies to help bring space technology down to eric if you scan the qr code at the bottom left hand of the slide it will redirect you to nasa home and city and have you ever wondered how space exploration and research has impacted your daily life well you can explore the virtual city and home and tour through buildings and rooms to discover what common items were inspired by nasa and helped nasa helped improve did you know memory foam was invented by nasa research project to increase the comfort and safety of commercial airline vehicle seats that's just one example of a nasa technology spin-off i invite you to explore what technologies are in your house that were developed by nasa researchers next slide please not this point i will turn it back over to christy thank you thank you art michaela we're going to keep moving forward to over to our next group as michaela indicated while most nasa technologies are developed for space related applications there are many uses for those technologies to help strengthen local economies to create products and processes of the future and to launch technology-based businesses that solve global challenges so in an effort to expand the use of nasa's innovations and to augment traditional tech transfer processes we began to work toward understanding entrepreneurial ecosystems and entrepreneurs themselves so we started engaging within local communities and work toward identifying key partnerships and activities that could lead to inclusive innovation and tech-based economic development so throughout this process emerged a key collaborative activity with jeff johnson at the tech center research park in newport news virginia and over time the development of this collaborative partnership has advanced from initial preliminary discussions around problems and needs to development of nasa entrepreneurial training programs and ultimately to the creation and launch of a unique inclusive accelerator that pairs aspiring entrepreneurs with nasa technology to solve real problems so it's my privilege to introduce our collaborate build and grow panelists jeff johnson is the executive director of tech center research park he began spearheading the tech center project in 2014 and currently leads the research development and innovation portion of the 450 million dollar mixed use campus he identifies vets recruits and supports technology-based companies that are focused on commercializing discovery a strong record in executive leadership uh due to his more than 20 years of corporate experience jeff is a certified six sigma champion trainer holds an executive mba and a ba in chemistry from virginia tech welcome jeff peter peter odegbaami is an innovator dedicated to achieving his goal of sustainable wealth redistribution in underserved communities through strategic infrastructure implementation and economic development his background in economics coupled with his mba and interest in sustainable technological advancement provides him with the perfect foundation to achieve this end his sites are currently set on developing renewable energy resources to invigorate growth education and innovation in underserved communities across the globe welcome peter malaysia council malaysia is a recent grad from texas a m university commerce with a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering during her college career she was part of the mcnair scholar program and president of the institute of industrial and systems engineers she started her entrepreneurship journey journey in college with her own brand where she was soon entered introduced to a rising entrepreneur organization on campus called venture college so with the power of the word yes and the support of her family she has continued to strive meet phenomenal people and come across lifetime opportunities welcome malaysia and last but not least to round out our panel is andrew gray andrew is an entrepreneur located in atlanta georgia he focuses on applied economics to create solutions for problems of today with tomorrow and mine he attained his economics degree at hampton university where he developed a love for entrepreneurship and energy he has an extensive background in politics and finance and plans to leverage this background with his passion for helping others in need to create sustainable change welcome andrew and i'll turn this over to jeff to get started thank you thank you christy and again thank you for this opportunity for us to share our story with the great entrepreneurs and the team in denver and at denver startup week we appreciate the opportunity to share with you um our work with nasa we've been particularly um um blessed with the opportunity to work with nasa on really moving um innovation from uh unvetted and unsubstantiated kind of ideas with moving them toward validated business models and moving it further through the continuum from idea to impact so i'm going to share with you kind of the overall structure associated with what we're doing and then you're going to hear from the team that's actually doing it and moving the technology and working with nasa and we encourage you also to do the same in denver we're not recruiting so um you know just just know that we are really focused on growing uh growing entrepreneurship and commercializing discovery and growing businesses that matter so michaela's gonna drive for me so we're going to try to do this together as a team so michaela next slide please i'm going to show this video and in this we start everything that we do as part of this program starts with a problem so it's only 90 seconds but it gives you a view i'll talk through it it kind of gives you some snapshots of it's simple and complex what we do for everyone it's a special a destination for special in so many ways and a home for so many more it's where we earn our living and where we choose to spend our time it's who and what we are we are a collection of communities that provides our residents an immensely diverse and uniquely comfortable place to live learn work and play we are a steady economic engine that provides almost a million people with quality jobs and career opportunities we are a region of strategic military and national defense significance to our are virginia's international gateway that provides a two-way flow of trade and commerce throughout virginia the entire mid-atlantic mega region and the united states heartland we are an academic and training portal through which students and workers gain and sharpen the skills they need to compete in an increasingly challenging and ever-changing world we are we are we are hampton roads we are hampton roads for hampton roads we are hampton roads thank you michaela you can hit the next go button you can hit it again yeah you can just keep advancing it the idea was the level set where we are and how we got connected with nasa our focus has been on problems what you saw in that video really were three things we have strong assets in the ports we have strongest and thank you that's perfect we have strong assets in the ports we have strong assets in history of course this is where the country was founded where jamestown williamsburg those of you who are in the middle part of the country would know where we are located on the east coast um and then the third one was military and um federal so we are strategically located on the eastern side of virginia when i i blew this map out so you can kind of level that and i'll show you how this works so if you now hit the hit the uh uh forward you're gonna see that we're strategically located next slide hit the next button thank you it should build okay we're strategically located with next to nasa langley our problem is while this we have a pillar based on these three entities nasa langley we have assets that are actually here that we have under leverage and one of the things we wanted to do is to grow our innovation economy so to do so we located right in between nasa langley and the jefferson national lab one of 17 doe facilities that's working on electron ion colliders so we're in the middle of a tremendous amount of assets our focus then around solving our problem which we talked about earlier was around building in a place where a technology advancement hub where we can actually help um advance innovation to commercialization and the programming etc that that follows it next slide next slide okay so as a research park one of the things we want to do in working with nasa is to build thank you it's to build this partnership so that we can grow and create tech based startups so there were three things when we started the science and technology accelerator network program one of the things we wanted to make sure is we always started with the problem a problem by itself is just a recognization that something's changed next thing we needed was the passion around the problem that passion had to ignite and turn into some sort of purpose where you were going to ignite it to do something and finally there's a place where innovation overlaps our problem our passion and our purpose and that's what we saw you can go ahead and advance when you do that what you start to build is a place where you've now started to match your problem with the technologies and the sources that can help you solve create solutions what you see here is you know you see we have established industries that we call blue industries and emerging industries but what we've done with those problems is match them with nasa technologies through the program called the science and technology so what we do is simply one nasa comes nasa comes in and we understand problems and challenges art started to talk about that earlier you can go forward and build the next thing we wanted to do was to bring on universities and those are graduates from students that can do a couple things help drive the research both applied in translation as well as the student pipeline and really we were going after underrepresented entrepreneurs we know that entrepreneurs of color and women are traditionally underrepresented in high-growth high-tech built-to-sales companies and we wanted to go after that directly the second part of it had to do with matching them with industry and following that up with the resources necessary to help move them forward next slide basically we're moving building research around it and moving from a concept moving it toward actually a product and what you see on that continuum and so what i wanted to do now was let you hear from one of the teams who are taking one of the technologies and moving it forward around this kind of concept so i'm going to kick it over now and i think leadoff batter is raise your hand lead off batter is andrew so i'm gonna kick it over to andrew and the team peter went away go ahead andrew the biggest next is sure yeah thank you jeff uh we appreciate that um so as you can see um and uh from these from these visuals that jeff uh has really thought this out um this innovative this uh accelerator program is very comprehensive and um he brought us uh together and uh i've met malaysia and peter there where we kind of bonded over our shared passion i know jeff talked about the passion um and so uh i know that i had a passion specifically being raised in atlanta um like christie mentioned i'm from atlanta i got my degree at hampton university um being raised there uh homelessness is uh something that's been a prevalent problem as the city grows and expands as more people move there as our rent gets higher a byproduct of you know higher rent is um an increase in homelessness rates so um homelessness uh and pollution attached to that um so those are two things that have really been um something that's been on my radar um to create a solution for um so that's a problem that i saw in a city that i loved um that i cared much about and so uh it was just about making a solution or trying to find a solution uh that would fix that today um uh you know for future generations as well and it would be a sustainable change that we could implement into our city um and when i met peter malaysia you know we clicked over um kind of the passions that we had um and uh how that would you know uh lead us into our purpose and what we were supposed to do what we should do um so that kind of brought me to them and i'm glad i got a chance to collaborate with them on this this project with this technology hi everybody um my name is malaysh poncell a recent grad from am commerce so i grew up around stem before i truly knew what it was but as i went through high school i noticed there were only a few girls in my school or sometimes i was only one then i went to college and that's where i really seen it at first i thought it was cool to be the one of the few groups in the class but then i started to wonder why i want to inspire and encourage other women and girls that are looking into the fiddle stem that if i can do it you can do it there's just so much we can conquer wants to put our mind to it peter and andrew are two wonderful people i've met through this accelerated program and from here i became inspired to want to help to want to be a helping can and leading the african-american culture group promoting tech and support needed to encourage us not to only be involved in stem and innovation fields but show we can be revolutionary in this environment and with it provide education and a platform for others to follow in our footsteps and include others that are further ahead good evening everybody my name is patriotic barmy i'm from the uk i got my undergraduate degree in economics and university which is where andrew and i first met clicked and then i got my mba immediately after and thankfully throughout this program i've met malaysia and as andrew said we really clicked together when we stumbled upon this problem and this potential solution so it's really exciting to eventually be here and to be a part of this process you know solar tech and sustainable technology itself is a growing field and being able to at least be at this point in the process is really exciting moving forward and i i'm really excited for what we're about to present today so yes so like peter said um solar it's a growing it's growing at a you know amazing and alarming rate um and with good reason um you know fossil fuels traditional fossil fuels let's say are you know kind of reaching their end of uh the end of life cycle you know um we're going going into a world where a lot of economies a lot of local economies state governments um car makers are all trying to go carbon neutral carbon free um by you know 20 45 2050 at the latest um so there's been a really hard push um you know when it comes to administration wise as well there's been a really hard push to really get renewable energy out there and so we saw a hole or a place in a market an emerging market that we could put a solution through so one of the one of the reasons why renewables is gaining so much um you know momentum is because of the environment the effects we have the effects that we believe in the environment are really important as a people and we care about the environment we also care about people in that environment um and so land is getting scarce as time goes on it's one of our most valuable assets and so with the technology like that like we have with the nasa high efficiency solar cell that uses selenium rather than silicon in the interlayer um we use this technology uh to improve on light captures so this this technology has a light capture upwards of 40 to 50 percent and um solar industries the average is around 20 uh to 25 at the high you know the higher range the higher range of the light capture so this type of product allows us to capture more light while using less and we know like i said space is scarce so that's something we want to capitalize on and the population is growing and so the population is growing so rapidly that there's increased demand for energy and with that clean energy we should demand clean energy rather than something that would harm the environment more or leave it in a worse than what we inherited we wanted to compensate for that increased energy with uh renewables um clean energy um something that can really meet and sustain the higher demands of infrastructure and so uh a byproduct of all this also um and what our what really drives us is our passion is that helping underserved communities and so this is a product that will not only affect you know commercial um utility scale uh solar residential solar it'll also help underserved communities people who cannot help themselves that's what we like to say we love we love to help people who cannot help themselves and so this is a technology that allows us to do that um and there's actually a project going on in virginia that peter will actually talk about now with the university of richmond the university of richmond we're using that as a model as a model to kind of follow and follow in their first classroom they've partnered with an organization to supplement almost all if not all of their energy usage with solar tech and we thought that business model was very interesting and with our potential market we think it could be very applicable and hit all of our passions um we want to partner with potential hbcus that tend to be surrounded by more underserved communities and build similar similar structures microconstructors to facilitate their energy needs and we think this bridges all of our passions and solves a lot of the solutions that we see out there you know minorities in tech we can bring the tech to the minorities partner with these institutions engage with them and bring them into this next this next stage of you know life going into sustainability and at the same time we can go into local communities to serve them in terms of providing them with sustainable technology sustainable energy and uh facilitating the underserved i mean it's it's where we're seeing ourselves going we're not we're not hanging our heads by it and saying this is exactly the way it's gonna pan out but we're really hopeful in the way we're going and we really want to be successful as we go through with this so i believe it's safe to say we have all had a wonderful experience throughout this accelerator to this day we continue to grow learn and prosper with one another we started out with the idea of what we thought it took to run a business then we were introduced to a structure starting with a business canvas model from there each team developed a set of hypotheses but in order to turn our unvalidated hypothesis into validated hypothesis we are currently implementing customer discovery where we have learned to ask open-ended questions and listen to our customers throughout this accelerated program i've learned so much from others and have been pushed out of my comfort zone it's been an amazing journey to be surrounded by open-minded individuals and i'm grateful to be part of the team yeah um speaking on the experience like malaysia said it was a great uh great experience up in virginia at the tech center uh under the tutelage of jeff you know um somebody who was kind of hard on us but he he let us also enjoy ourselves really um you know be around enjoying around like-minded people as you can tell by the pictures we clearly enjoyed ourselves but it was a very comprehensive environment uh where we got to get the tools to uh to build a successful business um you know in a world where it's survival the fittest um it's important to know that we uh have the tools to succeed um and that's exactly what we received when we were there um our short time there and with the continued support of the tech center of nasa um it's been great you know uh like uh malaysia said we're still in the early developmental stages of the company um so we're still doing the customer discovery you know we're still doing uh uh problem solution fit making sure that we have a product that really uh people will want people will use um then we can move forward you know later on into the product market fit um things like that i'm sure we've all heard of it as they're with the startup league so um we're just really loving this process we're enjoying every step of the way and we're making sure that we do something that we can really be proud of um that really makes an impact not only on people but on the environment um and so this is a great great experience and we uh we love it yeah at this point i'm just parroting these two you know they said a lot and they spoke about their experiences and for me it was it was so much fun being able to engage not just with like-minded individuals as andrew said but just being in that space you know going through this process on your own is very challenging and thankfully for me i have these two fantastic individuals here to be on my team but you know we all go through struggles even doing it as a team you have struggle but thankfully we're a part of a cohort where numerous different people are doing it so we have stresses we have issues we call one of them up they help us push through those stresses because they're going through at the same time and i feel like that's one of the most impactful things about what jeff has developed here that we can really come together and develop this and it's it's been such a great experience while we've been here and you know jeff is always letting us know exactly what we're trying to get out of this and it's it's so impactful it just stays in my mind creating successful sustainable high-tech high-growth built scale companies i mean every time i say i just get a little bit excited about what we're trying to do here and you know every every day your lack of sleep aside it's so fantastic being a part of this and uh yeah we jeff's always talking about ultimately we want to make a difference in our communities and you know everything he says and everything he's been pushing nasa alongside him and all the partners and everything that they've done have really pushed us to mature as people and mature as entrepreneurs and we're really excited was to come next like other teams here we have other teams looking into industry 4.0 development into carbon nanotech development into biometrics like there's so many different smart engaging people doing so many great things and honestly i just want to say thank you and thank you to all here in denver you know taking the time to listen to us you know even in these early stages and yeah thank you okay christy we'll hand it back to you so we can move further down that continuum and hear from some of the other great groups that have gone further to the right thanks again for giving us an opportunity to show our story yeah that's great uh thank you all we wanted to start this off sharing about you know what we have here at nasa with our portfolio but we really wanted to dive into um what it looks like free company formation with the entrepreneurs that are engaging in programs such as the tech center accelerator network program and then um move toward learning and listening to some who have done it some of who have taken that technology and launched businesses around it i will say to the panel that just spoke thank you all so much it's really been my privilege to know you all in the entire cohort during this program and we really look forward to where you're going to go with all this great work we also look forward to engaging with other aspiring entrepreneurs to see how our technologies can contribute to global change so thank you all so much we'll now transition to our final panel where nasa technology derived company founders are going to discuss their journeys their challenges successes uh with starting their businesses and and what they do um sergeant ian were involved in our tech transfer university program before launching ecospheres and brent was a cohort member in the fed tech program before launching earth xyz each of these founders brings drive and energy to entrepreneurship and we look forward to hearing their stories so please let me formally introduce our final panelists for today um let's see uh surgery it's just myself uh ian i see ian uh sir john as well today serge is not on you know okay sounds good so uh ian is a co-founder and the executive vice president for ecospheres with 15 plus years of experience in organizational leadership startups and strategic sales and marketing he currently oversees business development initiatives for ecospheres including community outreach client procurement and public relations corporate strategy and partnerships ian has been named orlando business journals 40 under 40 twice and obj ceos of the year for his proven business leadership and founding six separate startup companies ian has also earned an mba in marketing and operations so welcome ian thank you um and uh following uh talk from eco spears and ian will hear from earth xyz earth xyz's founder brick corsi is fueled by her passion for technology and its ability to help shape solutions and is especially dedicated to developing earth xyz so leading up to earth xyz brent set up and served as ceo for an ai marketing startup and was sought out to provide expertise for a startup that has since raised more than 17 million in capital she developed an international engineering consultancy from conceptual stages through acquisition by a global technology supplier with revenues exceeding 500 million brett serves as a startup mentor for new chip accelerator and she's active with the district captain team for the american society of prevention of cruelty to animals welcome brett so urge um ian i'm gonna go ahead and uh turn it over to you to kick off uh this panel you so much um just give you guys a background let's see am i uh driving for my end christy or do you guys have i know michaela mccain's gonna drive go ahead and next next clyde michaela we'll start up the ecospheres there you go yeah thank you to give you guys a background um so our eco spears really came out of the nasa kennedy space center it was really the spears technology that was being really explored uh by an nba team from rollins college in orlando florida so it was through that nasa tech transfer program that this technology was being vetted and really trying to understand um you know the problem that existed in the marketplace and seeing if there was a fit um i myself i have about uh 18 years experience of entrepreneurship ventures so i really appreciate every every founder and entrepreneur here that spoke before it definitely takes a it takes a team and also a village to really get a you know technology off the ground and and to put the resources behind it so really appreciate the journey that you guys are on and anyone else who wants to be an entrepreneur it's definitely not for the for the week of heart uh there will be a lot of late nights uh a lot of uh you know blood sweat and tears crying on your co-founder's uh shoulder and i do recommend that you do find a co-founder you cannot go this journey alone having said that i'll go to the next slide here so what does ecospheres do um so we were able to take this technology it didn't look like this way back when but it's the spears technology and bring it out from the nasa corridors and really find a way to commercialize it and build a clean technology system that can extract and destroy contaminants and soil sediment and water and what's unique about us is we do so in non-thermal non-combustion processes and and this was developed by nasa since then we've developed other technologies but our namesake technology as i mentioned is spheres and we've been at it four years now and we we raised the seed round of of 2.2 million dollars since then we've done 1.3 million dollars of safe notes amongst the the craziness of of covet in the pandemic we thought it was not to raise our series 8 quite then now we are doing a series a we're very fortunate to have two term sheets in front of us so i would say we relatively we've done this pretty quickly in the last four years especially for a hard tech company but it's really come down hawaii we've been so successful i would say is our mentorship and finding that lead investor in the seed round that really believed in us we work with kiranaga partners an early stage venture capital firm that really is trying to back founders who are trying to solve big problems in humanity so i would say finding that the early mentor that either gives you that angel funding or your seed round is very crucial to to the starting of your venture next slide so quick back story of why why did nasa create this technology right and a lot of people don't realize that nasa is it has a ton more innovation than just space innovation so nasa kennedy space center has a lot of sensitive wetland areas a lot of areas uh where they are protecting nature and conservation and there are places of there that have contamination especially due to the rockets that send up the space there's a lot of byproducts that created from from the blast off and those got into our our soil and to the soil around there also to the waterways so they wanted to figure out a way to remove these contaminants without destroying the habitat so that's where spears was invented by dr jackie quinn there as well as dr phil maloney also our chief advisor for ecospheres and it's really a sediment uh layer uh protection uh technology that gets pushed into the sediment and absorbs those toxins like a sponge so in after the rollins college students you know did their due diligence and said hey i think there's a really big problem that can be solved with this technology my co-founder serge albino who also worked with the co-founders there at nasa who was also a former nasa aerospace engineer we partnered up together and we negotiated for this exclusive license for nasa um not very few people getting exclusive license but we were able to do it and i would always like to say too that you don't need the exclusive license but we use that as a great way to to leverage uh a way to get our seed round closed so that's how the beginning of our tech our startup took place next slide so what major problem are we solving and you know i i really appreciate previous entrepreneurs saying well you got to understand the problem and and find a solution to fit it because sometimes certain problems may not be large enough to be to get uh you know venture capital and that's okay right you can you can build other great businesses without venture capital but for us we realized that we needed to raise venture capital so the problem we're solving is 94 of america's waterways per epa study are contaminated with these industrial contamination um that are are are known to be carcinogens so once it gets into the sediment later into our waterways it'll literally stay there for a very long time so these contaminants these man-made chemicals were used across industries and they still exist today even 80 years later unfortunately the problem is only getting worse there's additional contamination due to furthering of technology innovation as well as you know industrialization across the world so we really see this fit for a green and sustainable technology company to find better ways more cost-effective ways to solve this problem next slide it's not just a u.s problem it's worldwide problem so as a three-year-old startup we're now working with united nations and organizations that can really bring these problems to light so now we're under development of using our technology to create a system pivot our system to destroy the pcbs and other contaminants in oil stockpiles as well next slide and of course if you just create a startup you have to understand you know what are you going to to be a substitute for um and for us it's it's really about eliminating incineration and transport to a landfill or incinerator so of course those are very uh negative there's negative effects to that it's cost prohibitive environmentally destructive so we are trying to bring a green sustainable way to solve these legacy contamination issues next slide always like to highlight this if you're familiar with the hudson river cleanup uh ge's dredged 4.5 million tons of contaminated sediment and then they used about 600 000 vehicles to transport that sediment to in a new newly built facility in new mexico that cost several hundred millions of dollars and that's currently being still there it's housed today not only did the project create excessive amount of ghg emissions but it also costs ge north of two billion dollars so that's the ineffective ways of what how the problem is being dealt with today so whenever starting a startup you have to identify places where uh industries that are just you know right to to tackle to disrupt with new innovation so for environmental that's exactly where we saw this our technologies being able to fit and create a new industry and disrupt the old ways of thinking thanks a lot a really high level what we're able to do with with nasa technology and other technologies we developed is that same 20 000 trucks of contaminated soil or sediment we can extract just the toxins from it and then once we've concentrated in a few barrels we eliminate that all together completely so we're able to save all that natural resources and do this on site so we're able to also get significant cost savings for the client since we're not transporting tons and tons of contaminated sediment or soil so for us it's it's really extraction and of an elimination process if you can figure out the way to extract using these nasa-based technologies we found a way to eliminate and how do we eliminate it is using proprietary uv technology um that we really actually licensed from a sister company called biodefense in our our lead investors portfolio so it's really that comprehensive solution that we're bringing to the marketplace to eliminate this problem once and for all next slide as i mentioned mobile modular non-thermal so there's a really big movement of eliminating ghgs into the atmosphere really cleaning soil and sediment without the detriment of clean air and we've been able to find a client savings of up to 50 percent when it comes to displacing incineration and landfilling while reducing again those co2 emissions next slide so this is the nasa spheres technologies i mentioned so it's a scalable matte liner of plastic spikes hdpe spikes that you see with the reagent inside it and it gets embedded into the sediment layer so that's actually pictures of our our sweden deployment and once it's embedded into that sediment layer you leave it it's a set and forget method and absorbs toxins like a sponge uh why this method is is really getting positive traction is that it doesn't destroy the aquatic habitats that dredging wood doesn't cause uh re-suspension but it can truly remove just the contaminants from the natural aquatic system without harming the aquatic system so it's really a set and forget method and absorbs these toxins like a sponge next that's just the deployment process you fill the ecospheres up with the solvent insert into a mat deploy into the sediments and then leave it and it absorbs those toxins and then we then destroy the toxins and reuse the solvent by processing it through our eco cube and some case studies here this is uh we're really lucky to have early traction and of course when you work with nasa or other organizations that have already spent all the money in developing this technology you already have a leg up and that's the beauty of going to nasa tech transfer office is you have a great name behind you and sometimes uh you know i use that name as much as possible being a being a marketer so sometimes uh they have to curb my enthusiasm with what i can say and what i can show um but anyway just keep pushing it until they say no um so port of san diego was was one of our our early clients and we loved them they gave us an opportunity with the blue incubator program and so you can go go to the next slide i probably won't run through all these slides but i'll just show a couple more i know i'm running out of time i don't want to take britney's time but this uh another project we were able to work with pepco we're really really keen on those areas especially of underserved communities because that's traditionally unfortunately historically where contamination was dumped uh and it's still prevalent today so this is a project we're really proud about washington dc area on the anacostia river and we're going to be deploying a pilot study there in november and really expanding that program as well as looking at other other major cities next slide um i'll i'll probably end here on this slide but as you can see we've been pretty busy across industry sectors um i would say i would mention that it's always important to find you know product market fit um and before that you know you would really have to find potential pilots to prove your technology for us we kind of went wide we did that sort of not on purpose but we just had so many opportunities to really plant and find different partners but for us this problem is big enough that we can sort of do that and we had the resources to do that but i typically i would tell people to to find a vertical and just go as deep as you can um but make sure you find the right vertical so uh i think i'll let me actually one more slide we'll go to the next slide and we'll end there so this one's a good one before we got into this industry we really had to break down like the flow of revenue so it's really important to understand how uh how everyone makes money in terms of the value chain and so what we did is originally saw ourselves on the bottom as you can see that's typically the last place technology developer gets revenue so we had to break the model and by doing so we decided to just sort of skip the engineering consulting groups and go to the top so we talked to the government officials we talked all the stakeholders i think that's really important early on someone said it before you got to talk to hundreds of customers and and stakeholders to really understand the value proposition that you're offering the marketplace so uh making those interview interviews and talking to early clients is crucial in in your uh your journey as an early startup so i'll i'll stop there i know i can talk forever but if anyone has any questions people feel free to reach out to me i'd be glad to to to help you along the journey and and also us you know see you know give you some lessons learned as well so feel free to reach out thank you all right are we just doing a hard transition here i don't want to take your time okay christy um how many questions do we already have that way i know how much time to spend and how much to keep for questions nope go right ahead as long as you need uh take about 10 minutes or so 10 12 minutes oh wow okay that's more than i anticipated okay um hi guys uh brit corsi here um i uh i'm happy to be here obviously this is really cool and thanks to nasa thanks starting up week and um feel free to connect follow me um so in terms of getting a better understanding of where i'm at placed me right in the middle of jeff johnson and his group and ian at ecospheres and that's kind of where i'm at in the journey itself so in 2020 i finished out my journey with fedtech which is where we started exploring nasa technology since then i've joined an accelerator pitched at accelerate 2021 have made partners along the way and now we're getting to the place where we're ready to develop some programs talk about piloting with communities um and potentially have some investors come in which is a pretty cool place to be um so far i have not taken any funding so everything i've been doing is on my own with minimal resources kind of a very scrappy background in startups to begin with so that's given me the ability to to take this journey so we'll talk about the journey of figuring out where to go from the beginning because i think that's probably the most important part for people who are joining this to understand at least from looking at nasa technology as something they're interested in to actually looking at what solutions they could go after so with fed tech i was introduced to nasa power out of nasa langley in virginia and the climate data from nasa langley was raw data so at the time there was no real product um there were a bunch of different solutions that could come from it but i had to really dive into the market and understand all of the ecosystems all of the products that exist what our climate issues were at the time and it was a really long journey and you've heard it from everybody so far it's early mornings late nights maybe four hours of sleep every day for a very long period of time but you're really diving in and doing the research and analyzing what makes sense um so i spent a lot of time waking up in the morning reading articles from different industries that i had never paid attention to before whether it was climate energy investment portfolios documentaries coming out about the environment just completely diving in um so that i can understand every part of the problem that we're facing today um and going back to the technology of how can i use this technology where does it fit what makes sense how can it how can it be formed into a solution for all the problems that we're facing today and so i got into trying to figure out where the gaps were because i looked at a wide variety of solutions where this data could be used for home management systems with smart energy it could be used to develop wearable clothing technology to charge you know battery devices around you there's so many different applications but i wanted to go after what the real big problem was and how can it help to solve it so the gap that i was seeing in 2020 and now what's kind of come to the surface a little bit more is the gaps in between actually rolling out the clean energy agenda itself um and making sure that the ecosystems are all connected within um those goals and so let's see i don't know if it's next can we look at next slide see what if i got it on there nope let's go back you know so so so the gaps that we were looking at um start off at the government level right work your way into your residential and commercial side and all of the the products and services in between and these are for people like the ones that are in r d right now with jeff johnson's group and and the ones at nasa and r d at the department of energy and even the products with ecospheres exist in the ecosystem and so the problem was that there was no real central location to find all of these solutions for sustainability clean energy um clean tech and the circular economy so we went off to try and validate this we saw early validation within the product and service companies later validation within communities especially sustainability focused communities and then most recently we saw some validation in some pretty big companies which is really um a lot for me to to kind of look in the mirror and say wow last year this was your assumption and now it's being completely validated um so i'd say if you're at a point where you don't know if you believe in the solution that you're creating and keep going because i was at a point where i almost gave up but to hear such huge companies have positive thoughts about this solution and know that this is what they've been looking for is insane to me so earth xyz we want to go to the next slide michaela i think we're ready for it now so earth xyz is a digital search engine ecosystem built with a marketplace and the goal is to accelerate clean energy we're providing that central location that the gap primarily existed in where stakeholder collaboration in communities and businesses can meet with consumer needs so we're able to pair up and match those people that are looking for solutions with the people that have the solutions and that's the biggest gap that we have right now um next slide michaela so going back to the gaps that i was talking about earlier um focusing primarily on the biggest players right you're looking at your government you're looking at their constituents which is your residence basically and then the businesses and those are primarily the groups that we're looking at that are having the hardest time rolling out all of the clean energy goals and that's where that's where our market serves uh christy how much time are you running out of it but still have a couple minutes uh next slide michaela um so we're able to attack a bunch of different verticals basically as a slide you can see what they are next slide um and the validation that i'm talking about now that i assumed would happen back in 2020 is now we're seeing all of the investments come in we're seeing the growth happen within those markets in all of the verticals that earth xyz serves which is amazing so if you would like to ask me questions or if you would like to help earthxyz be a contributor whatever it may be please email me happy to talk to anybody would love to engage happy to take on more partners if you want a pilot did we put one up or did you guys take it off because you don't care [Laughter] no we we actually uh deleted that last slide we have everybody's contact info on our on our final slide but um before you close out can you um talk about why you didn't quit you wanted to maybe um so i did not quit because it ah oh you put me on the spot with this christy like way to go so sure did um so the environment nature and animals has been a very big thing for me um for the bulk of my life and what i've been working towards and technology is getting enough experience to be able to create solutions in this space and without funding it's really hard to when you can't afford to pay a developer and so you got to be really scrappy and during those times you get to those weak moments where you don't really have much left um and you don't think that there's a a rhoda ahead of you so you contemplate that giving up phase um but what stuck with me was i would regret not pursuing this as far as i could um on my deathbed more than i would you know giving up in that moment and and looking back and saying you know i wish i kept going um so that's kind of i think something all in the pit of our entrepreneurial stomachs is you you regret giving up more than you do failing thanks so much thanks so much to our final final panel here with the ecospheres and earth xyz um that's going to conclude today's session we're about out of time so some final recognitions where uh thank you to michaela waldner michaela mcshane art ian brett jeff andrew peter and malaysia um you all really helped to tell the story of thanks so much for being a part of it um thank you to denver startup week to all attendees and um feel free to follow up with any of us with uh questions comments etc uh contact information is on this final slide and i believe it's all posted um on youtube now as well via recording uh stay safe and well that concludes it for today so thanks christy thanks everybody thanks for joining us all right thank you i think we just sign off bye ladies thank you for everything

- GGW Sharks. Startup Founders vs. Investors. Episode 8: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone Welcome To Go Global world uh dgw sharks and today with me you see several sharks were invited to judge your projects your pitches and this is exciting this this is already the eighth event is what we've had for the past few months and it's enormous it's crazy how it's going because you guys are like we have about from 100 to 300 recipes every week and so many projects into uh get into strong investors I'm very grateful for your participation I'm grateful for investors participations as well and it's time to kick it out so everyone please keep yourself muted all the time except for investors investors click please keep your video only possible and uh because I go Global world is organizer and sponsor of this event I'm gonna show a few slides about what Global World does for entrepreneurs and investors so at Google world we are committed to build digital Silicon Valley and this is a platform and an app for startups investors and advisors where startups get access to and knowledge of how to start how to start grow and scale a company access to network and access the opportunities to raise capital and investors get access to um deal flow and access to other investors uh please keep yourself muted if you can so uh what I would like what I would like to say that uh we are not judging by how much money you have we have different plans for every single startup including a free one but those who are actually fundraising take a look at what we are offering because we can give you support and access to the network of investors that could be interested in your project now uh right now we are building a very new product that I announced before it's a ggw matching app it's it's like Tinder with video pitches of uh these elevator pitches of Founders where investors swipe left and right selecting the right uh targeted startups and you are selecting your targeted investors so you get the perfect match with the right uh Founders and with the right startups uh in investors so and it allows you to narrow down your target audience and increase your chances to get funded and investors get connected with other investors as well you get a dashboard and direct communication in the chat so you don't have to waste time on those people who are not interested in you and then you're just connected with the right targeted audience now we have on our platform we have the other program that is called pitch to Global Investors where uh VP select screen and score startups and bring um uh specific audience of investors that meets your criteria and in this program you need to apply and if you're a subscribe member it's free of charge and uh basically follow the steps you meet experts and you meet investors and if you graduate the final demo day you'll be on our website as our alumni this is our Global Venture investor just a short list of some because we have a lot more from around the world primarily the United States but a lot more here you see our Global advisors it's also a short list we have a lot more those who will be not they're not consider during investing they mostly considering to be your advisor or experts helping you and this is part of the pitching program as well the other teaching program not this one and if you become alumni then you get to this page and couple of those companies already reset now of course before you raise Capital you will you already need a lot of support that's why we provided we did a lot of direct relationship with top companies from around the world to give you perks from those companies and so we partnered with AWS zero HubSpot and many more those companies that probably you need now and they give huge discounts from them to you uh those who are trying to build company in the US or uh outside the US we can help it with incorporation we can file your taxes we can help you with accounting and a lot more just take away headaches from Founders and you guys focus on becoming the best solution for your customers and those who don't know how to do an elevator pitch uh I've prepared the video for you on YouTube how to do a short elevator pitch uh so you can win the hearts and minds of your investors of course uh it may be not the ideal in the world or you can give me feedback you can judge you can throw stones on me but this is how I try to help you so you guys get prepared now that's it on this and I'm kicking off the GTW sharks event and this is a weekly event because do you believe that our Founders and investors need to meet and uh get things done so today we are invited we have invited four investors uh Duran Davis Bill Reichert Lucy plus and zamir who will be judging to you judging your projects and maybe some of them might become your investor so your job is to use this two minute elevator pitch to convince them to get uh you to get on a meeting with you and in one minute I'm gonna give uh the judges to introduce themselves but we have the rules so it's very important to make this event efficient and organized so please keep yourself muted all the time it's really important and if you are not muted you are breaking someone's uh presentation and it just may not help to someone else and uh investors please keep yourself on YouTube because when you speak it's important uh everyone who is teaching you would have uh please raise your hand to pitch those who are digitable members today will be pitched first the only thing I would like to say that those who pitched before and have seen on this set of investors uh please try to pitch not every week but at least once a month or you may have some uh like significant changes and you need to tell us what are those changes so otherwise if you pitch the same thing you may look a little desperate and we don't want um so it's two minute elevator pitch uh at last question so if you don't make it within two minute elevator pitch there will be a hard stop not uh no other things can be accepted and it's a two-hour event maximum so please ggw members uh let me know who are here so if you are here just shoot me a message right here in Zoom I'll let you speak first and those who didn't last time also uh text me a message so I can I can make an exception for you to teach among the first as well because you didn't make it last time and um uh don't forget to email us if you have any questions or if you for example today didn't make it to the end and you won't make it to pitch so let us know why email info at Google world where we can make sure that you would pitch next time and finally this is a networking event as well so please Network here exchange contacts and let everyone know how you can be of help please don't sell anything to each other this is not the place to sell this place to help so on this note uh I am welcoming all the judges investors in here our sharks so please introduce yourself uh Bill Reichert if you can go first um list those few words about yourself sure delighted and honored and dental thank you so much for organizing this this is a great contribution to the to the global entrepreneurship entrepreneurship Network so kudos to you um my name is Bill Reichert I'm a general partner at Pegasus Tech Ventures Pegasus is a global Venture Capital firm we've got over two billion dollars of assets under management and we invest across a very very broad range of sectors of Technologies of geographies and even of stages so we're we're wide open the reason we are is that we're different from uh normal Venture Capital firm in that we are focused on finding emerging technologies that can be relevant to our network of over 30 multinational corporations and so we're particularly looking for Technologies of strategic interest to one or more of our corporate partners and in a in conjunction with invest thing we were looking for connecting our portfolio companies to corporate Partners to accelerate their growth and to contribute to the innovation in our corporate Partners so that's the Pegasus story and um looking forward to hearing some of the pitches thank you thank you Bill great to have you here Durant hi everyone so my name is Duran Davis I'm a 36 year old Tech entrepreneur and a venture capitalist I spent a lot of my time I was the youngest BC and Detroit and also the future entrepreneur in Detroit startup week in 2016. I love Detroit although I'm in Los Angeles now I I spent the first half of my investment career really best investing as an angel obviously a lot of deals didn't actually work out but that's the journey and most recently I started a venture capital firm with my wife she's not present at the moment but she's pretty active in the community as well and MD Ventures it's located in Beverly Hills our goal is to be stage agnostic also industry agnostic we want to Pioneer this full stack type of venture capital firm some of you all probably heard most recently a VC firm sold some Equity ownership interest to a private Equity Firm and we're very interested in where venture capital is going on the flip side of that we're also interested in getting more people that are underserved into Venture capitalism itself I'm super excited about talking to Founders I appreciate ggw and danil and what he's doing every week and I'm interested in staying committed because I love the journey on both sides of the spectrum so I kind of sit on both ends thank you thank you very much Duran Lucy please yeah thank you um to everyone for being here um I am an ambassador of Bessemer Adventure Partners we're a global fund um we've got about 3.8 billion in our current fund which is primarily focused on early stage investing um a lot of what we do is see through series B um I personally spend most of my time in B2B software um but we also um do do really everything from Deep Tech Hardware to Consumer social so it's a little bit of everything um and excited to uh to hear what everyone has going today I love you too as well thank you hello everybody hi Daniel thanks for having me and one more time I really enjoy coming to these events my name is zamir shuko I'm a GP of vibranium BC it's a Silicon Valley based uh Venture Capital fund we like to invest in the seed stage B2B SAS companies we typically invest up to five hundred thousand dollars we enjoyed looking at different kind of deals you know International Founders are great and we also try to help with soft blending here in the United States and you know Daniel was telling you today about some things that they offer as a group it's great you know so join them as well they will help you uh and personally you know in my previous life before I became an investor I Was a Serial entrepreneur as a CEO I raised money myself so uh I'm pretty aware of what the pitches are all about so if we can give you a good advice today you know on how to do it better and be successful at fundraising and we'll try our best good luck to everybody thank you thank you very much so what a worth of investors we have today guys you have two minute elevator pitches and uh this is your chance to get a meeting with these people now uh the first person who would start the first speech of the day is mock Center oh sorry one Mac uh are you here from L Alvin yes I am here all right so we're here ready now I'm I was born ready all right I mean um hi everyone my name is Dominic and I'm the founder of album Technologies as a Humanities transitioning to clean and more sustainable technology electric vehicle and energy storage markets are growing at unprecedented rate and Lithium-ion batteries which are the crucial part of these two industries have a tendency to ignite spontaneously and causing cause major fires very high temperature fires killing people and destroying billions of dollars of property every year and there is no solution to the fire problem or the regulation fire regulations on the market currently and at Alvin we use our flame proof composite technology to build battery enclosures that provide complete physical protection from explosion direct flame and high temperature so our invention is basically provides the level of protection of very expensive hard materials but with flexible lightweight and affordable technology and we have just received the amazing test results from third party U.S Labs we became the part of disaster X Lab at UC Berkeley and are currently in talks with rivian Lucid General Motors Ferrari Volvo Etc and we're now raising one million dollars with a safe note to do pilots with these companies and find the perfect Market fit in product fit and we applied for several U.S grants a total of five million dollars of funding and would really appreciate uh your help in connecting with the major EV and battery companies thank you for your attention and I'm obviously happy to answer all your questions thank you it does say okay thank you wild Applause for events so yes it's uh you know it's it's tough burn first and uh and good job thank you thank you man but and so I gotta say you know we've looked at a lot a lot a lot of battery companies over the years and there are a lot a lot a lot of battery companies that are making claims very very similar to yours ranging from unique chemistries to solve the problem unique architectures to solve the problem and unique packagings to solve the problem it's a very very noisy very very noisy space um and and so it would be great if um instead of spending a lot of time telling us that batteries burn you spent more time telling us um how it is you're different from all of those other companies that are addressing this battery you know this lithium-ion battery problem what's your you know what is what's so different about I mean how are you going to get past all the noise of all these other guys that are doing similar packaging packaging Solutions um so let me ask you that if if I should right um so basically the answer is most of the companies were trying to solve the fire problem they're solving it by software or cooling inside the battery so basically uh preventing fires that's their major job what we do is we don't prevent fire we're the last standing protection physical protection so if all the safety properties fail which still do as the fires still keep happening then we're the one who stands on the way of the fire between the fire and the battery and everything around it so that's what we do and on the on the uh side of where people do or other companies do the same kind of packaging as you say um our major advantage is that we have a low cost and very high temperature and fire protection and and it depends on the size of the battery how extreme the fire is so companies have done good job in protecting lithium and batteries in laptops and phones and scooters but not in big EVs and planes and buses because these are so big batteries they have they have a huge explosion Force so it basically shatters the whole protection it has around and we protect against that as well and so bigger the battery higher the temperature longer the fire burns phone takes about five minutes to burn out and Tesla takes about three hours to burn out the whole battery so what we do is we do the best temperature protection with a very low price and very low weight which is very important for EVS and specifically for EVS because these are Big batteries and the competitors cannot withstand that much flame that much pressure and that much temperature for that longer I I think yeah thanks and one more time what's the name of your company the L you know okay l e l v e n basically Elvish it's Elven made uh Technologies that's the idea thank you so much thank you thank you can you walk me a little bit I didn't hear you mention this this is Duran by the way a nice presentation about your business model in addition to that I'm gonna give you a two-part question how do you fit inside of the ecosystem because when I think about who owns majority of the market share clta the Chinese company like so what's your strategy from business model to you being inside of the ecosystem to your exit strategy just walk me through that funnel that pathway okay um what we're looking at at this point is we want to start um partnering up with several companies and basically prove that the technology works on that level of of the size of the battery um and so if you look and how other things work e most of the EVs and energy storage companies buy batteries from the manufacturers so we either can get into the battery manufacturing level and bring the batteries to the companies already in the enclosures or we can get into the companies who do EDS or uh so they buy the batteries and they do the packaging and they put in the products or we just get in the middle ourselves we get the batteries we do the packaging there are multiple ways that it can go and it mainly depends on what the companies that we work with prefer so because we've talked to a lot of these companies and different companies prefer different things for example Tesla is the one of the rare companies that makes their own batch increase they do the packaging themselves so if we talk to Tesla they basically prefer for us to license our technology to them so they just incorporate that into the whole manufacturing uh scale but if we're talking to Lucid for example they're buying batteries from uh Samsung so we either talk to Samsung and deliver yeah that's what I'm saying yeah so I have a quick suggestion so you're explaining to me a lot of hyperboles you're saying if we if we do this if we do that if we do that and I want you to carve about exactly what you guys have tested your investigation to your pathway to Market you you're very clear in your communication so I respect that but you're saying up if if if if and then that leads me to not know what you've done thus far so my suggestion is you really when when you're talking to the investors this is what we've done this is what we tested here's our hypothesis here's where it was wrong here's where we actually are going now and this is what we anticipate and here's how we're going to play inside of the ecosystem and here's our exit strategy because again I like that you're clear in your communication your competence but it's not quite clear exactly how you're getting into the market and how how is that halfway going to work to exit because as an investor I need to know exactly how I can like match that economically for my exit as far as investing in your company no problem okay so let's get let's move to the next uh founder uh David meets uh you ready uh yes hello can you hear me okay yes yeah Greg um I'm David Mead the CEO of Terra bioforge and I sold my previous company lucygen for 70 million six years ago and also developed at the dawn of my career in molecular biology cloning technology has sold for nearly a billion dollars in product for thermal Fisher Cheryl belforge has pioneered a synthetic biology platform that is 100 times faster and more precise than Pharma methods to manufacture or discover bioactive natural products that are beneficial of humans plants and animals we can dramatically reduce manufacturing costs of existing drugs and discover new ones faster we have strong IP we've got revenues and we're looking to raise three million in a series a round at a 10 million valuation we're also one of only two companies worldwide with these send bio capabilities and the only one that's addressing them of this near-term drug production problem which is a much faster more affordable time to revenues so the go to market strategy is to reduce the cost of goods for very expensive drugs and save about a billion dollars in costs and license uh these two things for about 100 million in Revenue per year and I've already given this pitch about three or four weeks ago so new traction we have three peer-reviewed Publications coming out one in nature which is a really big deal prestigious uh uh magazine and uh we are onboarding new customers such as being valent and cortiva which could grow our revenues to about 2 million this year and we're also getting a non-dilutive sbir grant for new anti-fungal compounds from the National Institute of allergy and infectious disease is worth 300 000. and thanks for your time okay fantastic thanks so much thank you David again um yeah just to jump in again so David um I'm I I I get I think I get it but I you know on the other hand there are lots and lots and lots of synthetic biology firms and so I I didn't quite understand why you you know why you say you're one of only two that it can do something specific ah yeah so we have these schools you know vitro ology if you will there's folks who use old school methods that are 100 times slower and then there's newer in Vivo methods that use crystal cast nine we're using it in vitro and it's still 10 times faster than some of those more recent methods okay so that's what you're saying so you've your your breakthrough is somewhere in this speed up that's what you're saying so I can get 10 times the the the output or whatever uh sometimes faster which is this is a really difficult complicated science and yeah um okay you know a you know it would be I think a lot easier or clearer if you picked I don't know you know so you know we can I don't I don't know for if insulin is relevant here or not but you know we can produce five times as much insulin for one tenth the cost as the current state of the art I don't know if that's whatever right I mean that's perfect okay I mean if it's true don't no of course not so that's exactly our value proposition thank you for okay I have a question and I have I have a short comment so the first question would be talk to me a little about who the your client is you know what what companies are those uh and the suggestion is if you're raising 3 million at a 10 million valuation probably the best not to call it a series a because typically series a starts at 25 million evaluation call it seat plus call it pre-series a call it something else it's just you know it would confuse uh investors a little bit because this is a typical seeds seed size round that's great thank you very much for that and yeah so our clients are um companies in all kinds of sectors Cosmetics uh drugs uh animal health uh aquaculture supplements who use what are called natural product compounds not go to market yeah the go to market will uh go after customers who are making the compound called cyclosporin or polydepsin and there's about a dozen for uh the one compound and only one for the other so we're doing C are we're existing and surviving and growing through our cro custom contract research uh work that we're doing it's not going to make a lot of money and it's not going to be worth a a quarter of a billion dollars of a business that's why we're pivoting to making our own assets that we can license for about a hundred thousand a hundred million a year for those two compounds each to the models that you're licensing these compounds to these manufacturers um we're licensing the over producing strains that make the same amount of compound for one-tenth the cost okay got it I mean this is probably just because I'm not um I don't spend much time in this category but I think it'd be helpful to understand like what exactly it is you're selling and like what the model actually is in terms of like the product because when I first heard it it sounded something like services like you might be doing some more hand-holding with the customers that you're you're proposing sounds like our service businesses yeah correct and we want to make our own assets engineer genetically engineered strains that over produce brilliant multi-billion dollar drugs for a tenth of the costs that they're doing it now yeah this has been very helpful I'm not saying these things clearly enough thanks for pointing out that okay okay you so much during investors if you want me to connect with any of the founders just let me know in here and I'll make sure you put it on my records and I'll do a direct introduction so just shout out and I'll do it thank you okay uh please uh let's move on and please uh let's invite the next founder that would be Alex Chi Alex are you ready hi I'm ready my name is a different email uh I tried to change the name forever uh you know your camera okay all right so you have two minutes go for it hi guys my name is Sergi safronov uh I found I started a moving company two years ago the initial idea was to make money uh by selling leads to moving companies but later I decided to to move on uh because the I found another Niche specific business in the moving industry uh which is the car hauling we're delivering cars uh from manufacturers to dealership and from dealership to auctions uh to clients back and forth since I didn't know about uh the first brief story I didn't know about the um I didn't know about I didn't know much about the uh the moving business the moving industry and the car hauling industry so I decided to go first to learn about it so if you will go to my Tick Tock Channel which is now has two million more than two million video views already during the past year I was trying to build a a strong uh moving company brand and right now I'm looking for three hundred thousand dollars to buy first uh three trucks and high uh Source company drivers so I'm looking for three hundred thousand dollars this is the car hauling business we're delivering cars for dealerships auctions and uh private customers on average one truck generates about two hundred twenty thousand dollars Revenue a year uh the margin is about 20 percent and I see uh the way to build uh a company close to a U-Haul which is now like nine billion dollar company uh that's my pitch I'm ready for questions so thank you Sergey I mean again um God bless you know this is not a venture deal this is a friends and family and Bank deal um and you know I mean so go get some friends and family um maybe a rich uncle and maybe a banker who will you know um who will finance the truck and prove prove that you've got a you know scalable high growth profitable business and then maybe maybe somebody will buy into um the U-Haul of car hauling Maybe just a thought and I can add something here so yeah when it comes to when it comes to venture capital we like scalable business models and typically we like to see some tech uh so if you find a problem in this market and you find a good technical team that can create a solution uh that would I don't know organize truck owners you know to to kind of like uber Uber style model to to use that software Etc then this is a pitch in front of a venture capitalist you know where you have some kind of a technology solving a real problem for a big big amount of people okay all right thank you very much appreciate it thank you um moxin uh you next thank you so hi everyone I'm most and I'm the CEO Owen co-founder of amatech and I just want to start off by saying that the US is currently short of more than 5.3 million homes and Counting one of the largest reasons for this is that home builders are simply unable to keep up with the ever-growing demand that this and this is because traditional building methods are just not efficient this is precisely why the prefab industry has been gaining momentum as a way to lower some dependence on physical labor which in turn improves productivity unfortunately at its current stage the prefab industry is still too heavily reliant on labor given that it's continuing to utilize outdated labor intensive building materials like Lumber concrete and masonry needless to say the most powerful solution to this crisis is to introduce a new building material with new capabilities and limitations that can allow for major increases in automation Nation while it's easier said than done amatec has succeeded in just that we created a new and advanced building material by the name of high density gypsum or hdg for short which is the most compatible building material with automation out of any other that exists today amitak's team of experts and Engineers have also developed a new method to prefabricate homes which allows us to build them significantly cheaper exponentially faster stronger and much eco-friendlier than anyone else today now that our Technologies are fully developed we are ready for implementation and as a result we'll be raising a three million dollars pre-seed round we already signed an Loi with a lead investor as well thank you for listening fantastic congrats with that yeah I'm so I'm most and I I the the punch line here is you've got a better gypsum right but gypsum is used you know so gypsum's used you know very very broadly and widely and but building prefab is kind of that seems like a tough business to get into wouldn't it be easier to just sell your Gypsum to you know as a premium material or what am I misunderstanding in terms of why you want to do free prefab rather than you know I have a broader market for your your your unique material there are actually many reasons for that I'd be happy to build up on it on a separate call if you wish but the main gist of it is that it takes roughly 40 years for a market to um figure out how to optimally use a new material that's one of the reasons um because if you simply use the high density juice gypsum as a replacement for concrete you're not optimizing its main use and our material is will have the greatest impact in the Housing Industry and we have a team of experts and Engineers that can do just that and we want to be the ones that are optimally introducing it you got to figure out how to get that you know two zamirs comment the last time right I mean we really really want a clear path to the rapid scale and and you know building uh you know a house at a time is kind of a tough model right uh we could build a house in a week I saw okay that's 52 houses a year God bless you I mean I don't know I mean that's still you know I don't know that's a in terms of Pathway to scale it's not quite coming not quite coming across I mean there's something intriguing here but somehow it's not it's not quite coming across I don't know sure yeah anybody else what yeah question so so you guys already raised a hundred thousand dollars an angel round well we raised a hundred thousand dollars in Angel um Investments a year ago but we've also signed an Loi with a lead investor who will invest 250 000 in us um in mid-march when we relocate to New Jersey a long story but I could yeah not to you later if you wish yeah you guys you guys are in Canada now right yeah Toronto got it so what's the post money on this three million dollars that you're asking for the post money evaluation would be 15 million dollars okay all right all right I'll save the revenue side of the question do you have any patents on a technology that you're talking about we've submitted a few patent applications as of right now so everything right now is in the form of Trade Secrets got it and this is what the United States patented trademark office we applied for several yes so well first we were we applied for a PCT so because we want to apply for patents in several playful countries in the world so yeah yeah I got it now my last question you're the CEO correct yes where's the CEO the CEO um the CEO's English isn't as strong as mine um so write down my CEO I get it we weren't we weren't we weren't popular enough for the CEO to come and meet us I get it it's fine no his English is just not as great as mine so I I do this I'm joking I'm joking I'm joking with you all right good stuff thank you appreciate that so uh Alex better enough are you here yes yes one second yes sure go for it you have two minutes to present all right so hey my name is Alex I'm a seven co-founder of the company called Irene Irene is an AI SAS for flying retail so um major consumer Brands companies like PepsiCo Universe horoscope spending billions trying to figure out which of their products in offline retail are missing we solve this challenge with the computer vision SAS that has been used by the merchandiser cell Representatives that automatically detects missing products and tells back how to fix the Shelf in terms of the visibility and availability so this kind of a solution reduces dispersed all the time needed for the merchandiser to do the merchandising it also increases the visibility and drives the sales of the products across all the stores where our resolution is being used and still it's really simple to use so you just need to take a few followers and solution the application is coming back with the missing products call to action how to make it better at this precise moment we are looking to raise 300 000 USD so we have already signed up a company in uh we have three customers globally yes and we are now Contracting with the uh International brand for 26 countries deployment plus we just secured it a really a big deal uh in the Middle East um this is it I'm really open for the questions let's go for real oh Alex how you doing buddy uh We've not we've known each other for a few years and uh yes just a quick reminder Alex with his project was in one of our accelerators in the past with PepsiCo so quick question to you I know that you moved last year so I want to know a little more about um what kind of revenues did you guys have for 2022 and when do you have a plans to uh start your penetration in U.S market so yeah um I will uh sorry the last question so yeah uh I'm now uh applying for o1 Visa so do solve the penetration and marketing markets and customer research uh remotely we have five advisors uh two of them are from the yes xyps from the consumer Brands companies uh the current Revenue so for the for the last uh years so it was really small yeah because we were building an international attraction practically from a scratch so it was like a hundred thousand USD for the whole year um and the plan uh for this year is to have uh 63 80 000 USD mrr in December because we already signed up a few big Brands and there will be more deployments this year and have raising actually to get additional people on board yeah and then have the projects rolled out you said 63 to 80 000 monthly yeah was that the number yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay it's Amir so out then I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna blame you for letting you know Alex get away with the line I mean getting away with line is quote all you have to do is take a few photos I mean give me a break I mean it has to be you know it has to be automatic you know human independent you know real time continuous monitoring you can't I mean what you said sounded like you got to have somebody run around the store taking pictures of shelves which is obviously I can't believe that that's what you're saying I mean but that's what it sounded like and so meanwhile there are again there are a bunch of guys out there that are doing this store shelf monitoring for example exactly this purpose um you know you you got to tell me how it is or why it is that you are so much better than everyone else that's doing the Shelf monitoring uh so I'm in this business for six years already so I can play it against biggest company in the market called tracks uh so that actually yeah so they burned a lot of cash to have really great uh cases however the solution wise they still are having people in the loop doing the same kind of a process not automatic which cost three to four times more for the end users for the customers and actually it's not brilliant um a half of the value that we are bringing with the real-time recognition so they can do image recognition in real time however the cost of it is so high that nobody usually sign up for this kind of idea and they cannot go back offering the same kind of a solution because they offered too high accuracy rate which is 98 and we offer 95 which is automatic and so they cannibalize this uh differentiation of three percent without the drop in the price that they actually don't want to do but okay but you said the way you said it sounded like human in the loop no so for the tracks yes and you said the way you said Europe your technology worked was human in the loop that's the way it sounded like end users are people uh that's the only people who have so end users are merchandiser sales representatives so they have the an application they take an image it's automatically being recognized and generates a call to action report this is it also no so you're saying it's in the purchase it's okay so it's the merchandiser not the retailer that's uh so it's you know it's the Colgate guy who's running through Walmart who I mean that I this is not believable to me but in any case um in this day and age but okay I think I think I know what you're saying now all right weeks for a minute with the cameras uh retailers cannot afford it at this moment okay all right okay so if the merchandiser that gets the benefit I'm sorry Durant go ahead that's fine still Alex I want to place a different Cooperative spin on it just talk to about the user Behavior because it appears as if there are two distribution strategies that you have to solve one your distribution strategy to get people to download your app obviously I've done it but I couldn't get inside because there's a pin that I need to actually get inside of your application I would imagine that that pin is probably given to your your retailer merchandise Partners so I get that part the other distribution is how do you get the customers how do you convince these retailers to actually become your your customer so you have two problems to solve there now as far as the lens technology Snapchat has a lens technology and the one thing that they have in their favor is a network effect so even if it's not a part of their business model what you're doing directly it's easy for them to turn them turn that on with the snap of a finger Pinterest have this lens technology Google lens is an app that has this lens technology so what I would be interested in you communicating about is one how do you even get people to download the app and ship that behavior when I go in a grocery store for example I have to hold my 10 month old daughter my wife is shopping my sons are helping my wife the last thing I'm thinking about is putting on my phone and scanning but then you're telling bill that oh it's not about me as a consumer it's about the other the people that work at the actual store they all have this technology in their apps I'm the guy that walk around and ask the Walmart guy hey what are you utilizing oh we have this technology in Walmart where we can understand exactly how our Shelf space is they have it in their apps like Walmart has this Home Depot already has this so I'm interested in how do you convince them to not utilize their own technology and utilize your technology in addition to shift that actual behavior in the market uh yeah so uh it's a it's a bit sass so yeah so definitely uh we we don't allow people to download it because there is no actually value for them so it's uh being distributed between uh companies that sign up with us yeah for instance Colgate so and we just set up a pin for their merchandise sales representatives uh yeah so thank you for the good point for the uh the snap and and for the Google yeah so uh I definitely need to investigate on this uh so uh it's a little bit sales uh that we're engaging in so it's long yeah so it it it's not that easy to sell however the lifetime value is really big so throughout six years I don't have a single customer that I sign up and I sign up more Smith care Unilever PepsiCo can control another single customer actually left so it means that the LTV is enormous and so they're growing so they grow in two three times in terms of the revenue so it's really good customers that have really big pain okay yeah so I'll have a I have a suggestion for you on the technology side it's quite often sometimes I ask entrepreneurs with their Tech and they start talking about their features so the way that this will probably work one you have to assume that Walmart isn't going to need your technology which is going to allow you to think from first principles I would say if you can build some type of Technology where you can tap into the Snapchats API so when someone's like I'm looking at a Snapchat lens now and someone's screening an egg where you can tap into the actual barcode for the retailer and instead of trying to convince them that your technology is going to help them with their shelf life you can convince them like this is probably going to sell better because our land scans the actual social networks and it scans your your inventory and we can say that you can probably sell 15 000 more jellies because people in this proximity they're always posting jelly and they live near your actual location because as far as getting them to utilize your attack and they already have it in their app that's a bit of a stretch goal great Point great point so um you nailed it yeah so any I need actually to talk to the guests uh how how to how to do it yeah so great great Point thank you very much uh we're moving on thank you thank you Alex and the next person is David uh to uh to Helio are you here hey how's it going doing well yeah you have two minutes go for it right perfect I'm David Trujillo with the water machine the world's first All Glass gravity fed countertop water purifier think of a Brita but three gallons and ten thousand times more powerful because Brit is just a filter I'm a purifier I used to be the Berkey Water dealer for all the Hawaiian islands and I listen to my customers that's sales 101 my customers said they didn't want to drink out of the plastic Berkey light they felt the plastic was leaching to the water and they were correct and the stainless steel models that Berkey makes uh the the it made the water taste metallic so I went out created uh the domain name and the trademarks for the water machine and the agua machine and uh have created the world's first countertop All Glass gravity fed what a purifier uh I'm I'm I'm I'm selling like crazy and I really could use an investor to help me with inventory because right now I'm Amazon fbm fulfilled by Merchant and I'm looking to get on Amazon FBA so I could be part of prime and sell in all 12 of Amazon's marketplaces across the world I'm also on eBay uh and uh wayfares contacted me they want me on there and uh um I'm also on Tick Tock and uh one of my customers posted a 16 second video on Tick Tock that got almost six million customers when it went viral and I got over a hundred thousand dollars in sales which tells me I have figured out a better Mouse trapped on my competition I figured out the secret sauce it's a black carbon filter that removes viruses pathogens bacteria heavy metals chlorine fluoride from your drinking water nine out of ten of you do not trust the water that comes out of your TAP you're purifying it with a Brita a refrigerator filter a reverse osmosis a four thousand dollar Kangen and under the sink model and I have a solution uh David Trujillo with the water machine I'd love to answer any questions all right sounds like it's not a venture model but yeah let's let's see what investors would say foreign no I mean yeah it's right I mean this this is this is a you know this is a continuous topic you know for the last whatever 50 years um it is a continuous topic and lots and lots and lots of players are in the space you you threw out this you threw out this you know Brit is not a purifier it's a filter is the way you said it but then later on you talked about the Brit of purifier but um you know you weren't crystal clear so to speak I mean weren't crystal clear about the difference between a filter and a purifier um and that would have helped a little bit you just threw that out um the and obviously it's tough without slides to get the form factor I'm in my head I'm struggling to try to figure out what the form factor is on my kitchen countertop because it seems like it's going to be pretty big and and you know kind of is a continuous or whatever but um so uh it's but it seems like it's it it could be a great Angel deal um you know for consumer product Angel Investors I would I mean even I don't know if you tried Kickstarter Indiegogo or whatever um I would think that those kinds of channels in addition to tick tock and you know Instagram could be um you know a great way to um either both you know it's um Kickstarter to pre-fund you know raise some raise some money um and obviously you figured out social media so God bless you um you know I mean do a tick tock and I don't know if you can how the SEC feels about you soliciting investors but um you know I think there got to be some customer investors who would be excited to help you out sure I did 300 Grand in in business last year you you talked about um how how big is it it's only nine inches in diameter and 26 inches high so if you don't have uh a countertop space we put it on on a floor stand just like a water cooler so nine inches 26 inches high does not take up a lot of counter space and my floor stand solves that just like a a water cooler would be in the corner okay but it's a figure it's more than my coffee maker right I mean is it or is it a little smaller yeah yeah okay but it's about the footprint of my coffee maker it sounds like right uh some and I just help help you know when you do things like this help us visualize but for the most part you will have a visual capability you know on social media et cetera et cetera great it works sure you can all go to the watermachine.com and see it all right thanks so much uh leave your context here in the chat thank you if any investors would be willing to connect with you they will let me know uh and what I love about our investors that they're not uh just giving giving up on projects that are not scalable like an intervention model right they are trying to give advice even though it's not it's not the fit thank you so much for for for pitching um and the next person uh would be Jorge Suarez hey that's me hello everybody I'm uh I'm a Founder from Spain based in Madrid and um in 2017 I founded which means a daily menu in Spanish and that's a SAS for restaurants we have 100 One Restaurant per every 175 span Spaniards so that's uh a lot that's a big Market but we're not doing that uh so much anymore because even though we had a SAS and our Revenue has been 475 000 Euros up up to today we discovered that restaurants have many problems so we followed this weird strategy which was to build a Marketplace in order to sell our own SAS and other people says and this is kind of weird but what happened is what was that uh we want we didn't want to follow up um a Marketplace model we always wanted SAS so we sold one says maybe hours maybe some others a third party products and uh what happened was that we we went to a restaurant and every restaurant needs many many things every day so we started selling one product and we ended up selling like eight so um on the on the vendor side the vendors were truly grateful with us because it's really difficult to sell to restaurants so we use this Marketplace as a tool to build a SAS ecosystem so we are the only people that we get to to a restaurant and we uh sell innovation but that's third party um third-party companies in Innovation so these other companies they pay us like 20 margin but we keep the customer so our Market Marketplace is basically a place where we uh we show technology we explain it we help uh we put them in in contact with each other they buy it the restaurants buy that and we're building this uh back office which is uh a tool in order for a an owner to handle to manage every tool they have purchased every digital solution so they are like not trapped but they they truly are really comfortable with that so they start buying one maybe two digital products they end up with eight digital products including you know your Facebook your web page our own SAS and they they end up with uh with a tool a multi-tool a management tool a managing the whole the whole uh restaurant with with this uh gastro Cloud 360 which is the name of the all right thank you so much of that now yeah all right appreciate it so sorry for my fluency English is not my you know it's a long time I speak I spoke in English let's get into questions are there any questions uh so far a building well her you know Roy again I mean it's it's more feedback I I mean it's it's questions which is is I heard a lot about SAS for restaurants and SAS Marketplace for restaurants and SAS Marketplace for Innovation um which was very vague and and at the very very very end you said Facebook and webpage uh um okay so I it just it you know it was it was very hard to track sort of specifically what you're doing and why what you're offering is so much better than any alternative for these restaurants um and I you know you just didn't quite bring it together if you were you know I don't know there's got to be some value add other than saying hey you know there's a web page guy and there's a Instagram guy I don't know but it wasn't you need to tighten it up and I I appreciate it and and I know it's a little unfair because English is not your you know native tongue but you know you gotta you gotta type clarify that a little bit more absolutely right thank you there are plenty of really interesting businesses um that are building software for restaurants toast is one of the most successful software companies that we've seen in the last five years um a lot of what they do is around the payments layer and I think like it would be helpful to understand like what exactly um you're offering to these restaurants um as was just mentioned but it also might be where we're thinking about where the value really is for your customers and I think like payments is a great place to start um like any sort of true core like functionality software on like ordering or like scheduling like that stuff is is more of a pain Point than marketing I I think typically um we have 32 main partners and what is really truly important for restaurants is is the information so they can decide which of the offer to pick and that's what we do with Filter what's not good for them and we show why these couple of solutions are good for your uh bookings for example so there's 15 solutions for bookings you can uh choose between two or three that's your choice I'm just helping you understand what's there's what there's in the market and then explaining why the others are not good for you and you should take one of these two so that's it that information is great for them because now I now I understand now I I can pay because I know what I'm paying for so let me ask you a quick question uh you did mention this word Marketplace a few times but uh from your description I kind of felt that this might sound a little bit like an integrator you know because you said you kind of you know help with installation do you provide like service do you do you provide onboarding with these applications do you also you know can I do some hand holding for the customers not just the sales funnel right like a typical Marketplace but do you also do anything beyond that point yeah the software we do both things because we have white Brands we we have our own solution and we also let the vendor contact our client or potential client and they do the sale so we do we do both sometimes we we grab a solution and we sell it for the vendors and sometimes we just present the vendors and they do the sales and we have our commission equally and that's the market-based side in in the way that a Marketplace has vendors Sellers and customers you know in the other side called the 360 side that's the integration parts so that's where the customer once they hired the booking solution uh they can operate it from that site and they can operate the other solutions from that that same digital space all right thank you so much yeah so okay yeah so to be quite Frank I was completely confused uh about what you were offering okay hence to what what bill was actually talking about because at first I thought you were a competitor to toast and square and the other platforms that exist in the market and then then I'm just giving you an analysis of what I decipher from what you were communicating with then I okay you offered a service but you you didn't quite carve that out so you decided hey I'm going to be a classifieds platform for you to find these actual marketplaces and choose from them so it's quite confusing as to what you're actually doing and I think that's probably because you're still figuring it out yourself I would say go back to the drawing board and really carve out exactly what you're offering because I I couldn't really extrapolate if you were sending someone to toast and onboarded them to zamir's point and if you were going to get a fee for that for that referral and and that was a part of your business model so it was called it was quite confusing just to be quite Frank okay thank you very much for the feedback thanks thank you very much the next would be Edmund Cape Edmond uh you've got two minutes thank you can everyone hear me yes wonderful so my name is Edmund Cape I'm the founder CEO lucilia so imagine yourself uh trying to create a single spreadsheet from a whole bunch of data from different data sources let's say you've got your Google analytics data you've got a whole bunch of internal sales data that might include some margin related data that accounting has sent for you provide for you and then uh some data additional data on segmentation that you're really eager to integrate the problem is when it comes time to getting that single spreadsheet you realize you might not be able to do it and so if you have the opportunity to delegate it to someone in the back end that's what you'll end up doing and at the end of the day this is a real bottleneck and given the large investments in it and data pipelines it's kind of like the days when we before we had word processors where we would write out a letter and ask someone to type it for us in a day or two later we'd get it back and in the event that we wanted to update the uh update the draft no problem just submit that request and dare to you get your letter back highly inefficient and that's where we are today and the problem is that the tools that we've got are just wrong for the job they're either too complicated and thus defeating the purpose or underpowered requiring a whole bunch of manual error-prone steps the um with lucidia we've got the right tool the seek to succeed where others have failed we took a completely different approach we produce fast ready data using a hyper efficient analyst Centric process three steps get your job done in minutes not hours or days minutes it's a value prop at the low end that's worth at least a million dollars per generic FTE across the organization uh per 100 ftes sixty thousand dollars per analyst FTE it's a SAS business model with an average of uh one thousand dollars per year per customer we have a completed MVP with Hands-On user feedback we are looking to raise a hundred fifty um using a safe to build to a three million evaluation within a year we're also looking for companies to Pilot our fast ready data platform in two years we estimate a five million dollar annualized revenue and a 3.4 billion dollar tan thank you Goodman so Edmund and and please for pretty much you know 90 of all the entrepreneurs who are pitching um you know generic feedback for entrepreneurs Edmund you spent about a minute and a half of your two minutes talking about you know sort of word processors and the old way of doing things um and then you had to jam a bunch of stuff about and all we really got was you produce fast-ready data you have an MVP and you want to raise a bunch of money um I mean and so guys everybody please stop spending so much time talking about the problem and the environment and the market and whatever just hit us with what you're doing and why it is so incredibly crazy valuable for what applications for who what customers and so yeah we sort of get that people use data and data is a mess and you know but somehow magically you've got some secret that makes data less messy and you have an MVP we don't know you know you have customer feedback you don't know we don't know what you actually proved you make all these assertions about you know hundreds of thousands of dollars saved per 100 FTE or whatever you whatever it is but you know you you didn't paint any clear picture of what it is you're really doing what the secret sauce is and how it is valuable to whom other than at a very very high abstract level so if you had spent the two minutes you know talking about that instead of word processors maybe we'd have a better understanding what you're doing but instead you know some of us are a little frustrated so just I mean so can you tell me in one sentence what you do in a in a sentence that makes it clear to all of us kind of you know what you got that's amazing I mean and don't say fast ready data where you know managers today in in analytics companies complain about getting basic reports out in two to three weeks um um and we get it out a day and um and how we're able to do that is through is through an allocentric approach that that has a mathematically validated um uh uh well they just approval charges the whole process yes almost I think I think I think your pH I think your PhD in this in this in this case is kind of affecting you uh on the on the negative side so yeah I completely that's my that's my team I throw in the background so first of all I want to say to you your your image was was reversed on your backdrops loose Stevia your image was reversed so you might yeah it was reversed so that yeah I I have to agree with Bill I mean I looked at your company has been around since 26 2016 and now you're recently raising 150 000 that's a long time almost seven years and you're not saying hey over the last seven years this is what we've done here's why I Revenue been 2017 2018 2019 2020 doing covet and here's where we are now here's how we're actually going to grow that my quick advice to Founders as well it's a lot of stuff that you guys can do before you come and ask for investors Capital like I know I would have been on LinkedIn saying hey guys what you work for Twitter hey can we talk can I buy you a coffee I'll drive out to San Francisco hey I built this cool software that can parse through your data I would love for you to actually test it I would be on every single campus every single campus talking to the Deans hey I would love to come in and show you some new information to your software students for free I will be doing so much before I actually come and talk to the university just to carve out the value proposition especially when I look and see that your company has been around since 2016. so I don't really have much more to communicate but I I agree with Bill on that on that perspective yeah I have one short comment and this would probably be for everybody so you know this particular uh example you know data management this is a pretty packed space there's a lot of startups out there there's a lot of you know mid-sized companies that do that so the important thing is when you pitch is you know you try to explain very briefly to uh to the investors and judges how are you different from everybody else and why you're the team who's going to succeed because you know when it comes to investment we have so many things on the table that we are typically comparing these startups to each other saying which one I want to invest this month so it's important to differentiate yourself from everybody else and explain briefly to investors why you are the ones that they need to bet on why you will succeed why you will win the competition thank you thank you so much I appreciate the feedback guys please accept this feedback and take it seriously because this is your chance to improve don't take it personally this is your opportunity to actually get better and next time you hear show us the difference and really get the attention of the investors and maybe absolutely thank you thank you everyone really appreciate it thank you but um Jamie vandoren uh you next Jamie you there yeah sorry about that can you guys see me yes okay two minutes thank you so much so um so I'm Jamie vandoren I'm the founder and CEO of NeverEnding here's the thing more and more of our lives are spent online and I think it's safe to say that most of us just like don't enjoy it there's this pressure to present picture-perfect lives that don't exist social comparisons trolling racism bullying it it sucks and the thing is it doesn't have to be that way we can make it so that you could interact online be heard share anything that you wanted without ever being in front of a camera so that's what we're doing by leveraging video game engine technology and AI tools my team and I are building a SAS platform where individuals and teams can express themselves through animated avatars and studio quality animated videos with most Pro Tools it takes on average 45 hours to create one minute of animation and that's too long so using our unique video game style approach we're reducing the time to one to two hours so why animation because with animation you can be anyone you can do anything and you can tell any kind of story and it's popular it's a 391 billion dollar market that's expected to grow to 642 billion by 2030. now the past two years we validated the market with some early tools and have grown to nearly 30 000 users we 10xed our revenue from 12 500 in 2021 to 140 000 2022 we're projecting to 5xl revenue for 2023. we've got about 120 000 of potential businesses in the pipeline already now we know that it's teams that make unicorns and I've built a pretty phenomenal team uh like Sherry Gunther Sugarman she's a multi Emmy award-winning animation producer who's worked on shows like The Simpsons Andy Johnson is a video game producer who's worked on games like Minecraft and Pokemon Christy weary is a genius developer and machine learning experience um I have 20 years of Business Development and marketing experience and here's the thing being Latino and growing up in extreme poverty I also happen to be one of our ideal customers I hate having to be online um we're raising a 1.5 million precede round to build out the full 3D animation Suite according 90 000 content creators and 750 000 revenue for 2023. I'm happy for any questions representative thank you oh wow really all sorry about that everyone sorry um you know I I get avatars and animation I didn't get I didn't get the the we hate being online part I didn't I just I just didn't connect with that I mean I'm and I'm so that because I guess I'm confused who your customer is I assumed online animation meant your customer would be commercial but I'm guessing what you're saying is your customers are individuals and I'm Gonna Keep I'm gonna you're gonna reduce it from I don't know I so I forgive me I just didn't I didn't connect I absolutely understand and I have to do a better job with that so let me just explain we are you we are initial my last role was CMO uh and so I clearly see the B2B opportunity but we all know that the sales cycle and the adoption cycle can be really punishing especially for an early stage company we think content creators are our best early customers because we know where they are we know how to get to them they're excited to engage with new technology and they can do something no other customer can which is prove out the value of the platform at scale so as a as an executive if you see a 24 year old Tick Tock or YouTuber creating really interesting and popular content with a tool you're going to want to check that out and we know that because you've probably seen chat GPT you've probably seen lensa and other things which have all been kind of brought to our attention through content creators does that answer the question for you well you know that part of it makes sense I get it there are people doing that I didn't get the we don't like being online lead-in it just I I mean I didn't so I'm still are you because I'm not gonna hire a content creator to do my Tick Tock posts for me as a person but I would as a business but that doesn't connect with me we hate being online I that was my computer content creators people online the price of Entry is putting your face in your life on display where people are gonna hit you with really nasty and negative con comments but you don't have to put your life and and face on display if you're doing animation you can actually build a brand based around an identity that you create so think about a a person in real life life like marshmallow who's a really awesome DJ for years no one knew who he was he was an identity Sia is almost like that as well um but this would give someone an alternative from being online themselves to actually creating their brand online okay Duran you take over Duran I'm not okay so if you do things obviously super popular right um aren't there a bunch of tools out there to design your own avatar I mean what's kind of the ah because with v-tubing tools all you can do is design and create an avatar that just works with your video camera we're actually talking about you able being able to take and create billions of avatars not and not have it be expensive and use those to create anything from webcomics to a real animated video whether that's a short 15 minute video you know you could instead of you having to like be in front of a camera and swing anything you just apply those animations to those characters and put out essentially a a 15 minute an hour long a two hour long animated video capturing but like my identity being about like massive you know amounts of like people's identity and some sort of content that I'm putting out there being hidden is yeah I I I think it could be I think you could use it obviously for v-tubing but there's more value if you're actually creating additional kinds of content as well okay um I'm not trying to understand that to be honest like I think the youtubing motion is like very very compelling like there's a lot of really interesting talents there and I feel like um obviously like within the generative stack like there's a lot of really interesting stuff going on um I guess like my confusion is like your differentiation between like the the standard like there's like a bunch of tools out there for designing your own avatars we just talked about and so um I guess like for me having a clear differentiation from you versus them would be helpful going forward So Jamie I would say I have a lot of questions but I obviously we're short per time I didn't get a message from my wife who's my partner in mediev interest for some for some reason she she knows something that I don't because she says she's interested in talking to you but are you familiar with are you familiar with Genies the company Genies yeah absolutely super familiar cheese yeah so are you guys doing the same thing and a quick answer because I have a two two additional questions no because really most of these companies are just about avatars we're about what you can do with those avatars and creating content around those got it so the biggest problem with this whole digital and virtual Goods because this is particularly my space is how do you extrapolate those goods and take them across other platforms so how would I have this kaleidoscopic identities are going to be the next wave of the internet so I get that part of it although you didn't put that in your value proposition and but how do you take these identities I created identity with never ending or some form of an avatar or other virtual Goods I have a cool sword how do I then take that to Snapchat's keyboard how do I then take that to the filters on Instagram where these platforms are only interested in the assets that they actually have where where does this identity live once I created on your platform here's the Fantastic thing is that content creators are usually curating their content across many different social channels they're not they're not filming a video on on Tick Tock and then filming the same video on YouTube and then and then filming it on Instagram reels so they'll do the same thing that they can do now which is download that video that they've created and posted across any platform so they can monetize it the same way that they do now but but the thing is and again I'll be short here because obviously my wife wants to talk to you so we'll talk to you again offline don't mention marshmallow because he had a record deal like I come from the music industry he had a hit record the identity that he had after was just very low consequence to his success because Geffen Records signed them which is owned by Universal so the whole head thing and I'm a DJ myself that was afterwards what you started with talking about identities you led with the Avatar then you said well don't ask us many questions on that because that's just one part of our vertical but I'm focused on the Avatar because again you you mentioned the content that's not my question my question is if I create an identity a specific Avatar and I want to take my avatar not my content not like taking my video and uploading it to a rail or taking my rail and uploading it to a short how do I get my identity out of your environment into another environment we would be able to it's it's not on our early pipeline because we are focused on content but we would be able to create an API that allows you to upload that in that allows other platforms to let you use that Avatar right there's no other way yeah yeah I'll get you I get you Jamie but that's going that's assuming yeah yeah wait a minute that's assuming that Facebook or meta is going to agree to allow your API to connect with their technology that is the same problem that every single company has there is no way to move something from one app to another app they're closed systems without an API they're just not all right what's up yeah I appreciate it and I love the I love the back um and I hear everybody we've got to do a little bit better on our two minute pitch to make those connections better so thank you thank you very much so we have the first connection all right so we will connect around uh I have to bounce I actually have another call on investor pitch at two minute thank you so much all right yeah and uh the next uh presenter would be um gay medical uh please put your real name so guys in here okay medical go for it you hear hello okay if you're not here we are moving to the next person oh I'm I'm so sorry I think I was on mute no can you hear me yes I can two minutes please go for it all right so good morning everyone my name is piyush Chef I'm the founder and CEO of K Medical okay medical is focused on building a mattress for beds or prevention so 60 000 patients die every year just from bed sores and there is uh nine to eleven billion dollars in healthcare costs just to um just to take care of bed sores for these patients um and what we have is a very uh disruptive technology that will enable a prevention of bed sores and bed sores are pressure injuries caused by for two immobile patients who cannot move and are either either as a result of surgery that they just recently had uh and other um and or just uh chronic illness and are towards the end of their lives and things like that so uh what we what we have built is a uh uh a fantastic engineering uh engineering feet which which will help these patients to relieve the pressures and it also helps the nurses who don't have to turn these patients around every two hours so in despite of uh uh even in this day and age the standard of care for bed sword prevention is to turn these patients around and that's what we are going to uh overcome and and and uh help the caregivers to not have to do that on a regular basis um so we we uh we have applied uh we are funded by sbirs through a National Institute of Health and we are now in our phase two and we have shown the proof of concept and we are looking to forward our commercialization efforts uh and we are seeking three million in funds um with a post money valuation of 10 million all right thank you very much okay can I ask a quick question so how do you actually solve the problem because you said you you're creating mattresses and I'm not visualizing how mattress solves this problem without actually turning the person over exactly you see that so what what we are building is a mattress that undulates and relieves pressure on the back of the patient body so uh what we have is a very uh fundamentally uh different way of uh of controlling the contact points on and the pressure on the back of the patient so uh we have this uh think of it as like uh a sinusoidal wave in the X and Y Direction and which which is which is uh which is uh which is uh so so think of it as a checkerboard I'm sorry I should have just mentioned so checkerboard and the black squares are in contact with the patient versus the uh the white squares are not and and it's more so it's a combination of pressure and contact so uh think of all the white squares having high pressure versus the black squares having no pressure and then then it switches and and you relieve the pressure on the back of the body so believe it or not I've actually invested in this space so it's uh I never thought I'd hear another pitch on this topic but um but uh you know so we're investors in a company called sensory data and you know so we we looked into the space and there are you know as you know there are other mattresses out there that undulate that try to figure out a way to mechanically adjust pressures to relieve pressure on patients they tend to be exorbitantly expensive is another issue um and then there's a question of patient comfort and and and and efficacy um but so how much does your mattress cost and you know who do you think your initial target market is yeah so the mattress is going to cost you three thousand dollars per mattress and the the customer initially is going to be in nursing homes and eventually making our way into the hospitals yeah yeah okay all right yeah I mean what sensory I mean sensory data basically you know gave up on the uh you know they're addressing the issue that most of uh nursing homes and hospitals find that the undulating mattress approach just you know it's both expensive and not that effective maybe you figured that out um and so what sensory data is is doing is simply doing a heat map of where there is pressure so you can identify where and if there is pressure it's possible that you and sensory data should get together um and so that you can actually identify where the pressure is I don't know if you have sensors or not um yes so okay yeah sorry to interrupt but uh uh so yeah I think we uh so we have we have three uh different versions um that we anticipate the first one is a manual mattress which which basically does not have sensors um and and is not automated and and we we sell to and it does not require any uh air pumps or power supply unlike the standard mattresses so our mattress does not need any air pumps or any pneumatics and it's a purely mechanical mattress the the lowest version is basically you can you can pull the mattress there is a lever so so you can you can have a 300 pound person laying on it and all you need all you do is like open a desk drawer so think of it like a 20 200 gram Force pulling a desk drawer and you can change the pressure points on the back of the patient so that's the beauty of this and then there is the automated version where you can automate it and you have a touch screen with a small low power actuator that can uh flicker like cut the pressure points on the back and the the advanced version is the pressure sensing version um where where you you can see where the pressure is high and you can change a pressure point pressure points at any duration that you desire okay okay all right okay very interesting anybody do you have any thought do you have any patterns on this yes absolutely so we have two approved patterns and we have uh a third one that's pattern pending in in the United States and it's also about we have a PCT so we are also pursuing the European patent on this and this is a design patent it is a utility pattern utility okay so if you can can you specify like some of the some of the methodologies that were pretty unique here that you think it would be a defense mechanism for your distribution strategy to get inside of those hospitals yeah so um so in terms of uh the design uh like I was saying earlier we have a very unique design like if you look at all the mattresses out there they use air pumps like 90 of them use air pumps and those are pillows so think of them as segmented pillows that make up a mattress and you're just inflating those pillows in alternating fashion and we just we are we are completely different we are disruptive we have this mechanical set of trusses which which form the base of the mattress and we have a form top that goes on the top of this set of trusses and we we alternate the uh with the trusses can be moved by like I was saying like you pull the side uh the lever on the side of the bed and you change the sine wave so the Peaks become trough and the troughs become Peak so um and and uh and so um so this is our very unique design and it's it's based on MIT technology it's called compliant mechanisms so that allows us to use the strain energy stored in the in the structure to work as a spring so so so it allows us to easily move these patients please certainly because you have a lot of people yeah so so absolutely give some advice no no I'll give some advice to you so if if you were hiring me as a software engineer that would have been a great pitch for me to come and work for your company what I'm interested in learning in your pathway whoever is in charge of mandating that the hospital have some type of code regarding to how they house individuals I would suggest those would be the individuals that you should talk to more on the science side of things so here's what I would be it does physiologically to each patient this is what the bids you currently have does to the patients here's why our bids fall in and here's how it's been tested scientifically and therefore you have some defensibility and we're the only people that can actually provide it based on the patents that we actually have almost as if you're forcing the hospitals to accept your bid because you presented the science to them that's going to be better to the actual patients uphill battle to sell that but I think that that would be your actual go to market strategy and a great distribution strategy for you as well let's go next hello hello everybody and thank you for uh for being here yeah um yeah okay um so every industry in the world uses protective coding products and nobody is particularly happy with those Coatings they're very toxic they cost hundreds of billions to apply and maintain they don't last very long and the loss on damages from failure are catastrophic uh aircraft still ice up pipelines still rust and we have a catalog of billion dollar examples Industrial Products fail when their surfaces fail I'm Dan Cohen I'm the founder of flight Material Sciences now without changing the basic properties of metal or glass or plastic or other materials that people trust our laser technique creates a new Surface texture that cleans and protects itself without any coating this completely new approach it can repel water it can repel oil it can reduce friction or kill bacteria they're all effects of the same patented family of methods that we have so this extends the life of products it slashes the maintenance costs and we avoid using billions of gallons of toxic chemicals for protection or cleaning so since we started in 2018 we licensed the quartet we scaled it from one inch per hour speed of process to four inches per second and we built the sales pipeline of 150 International companies we completed successful paid proof of concept projects in aviation in oil and gas in consumer electronics and semiconductors and durable goods and the usdod so now we need to build out the full-size systems so we can move to the next stage with these clients they're all under pressure from the markets from investors or from Regulators to seek us out and in a sea of chemical offerings where the first non-chemical alternative ever so after we demonstrate that this works on the customer's product we deliver Black Box laser systems directly into their manufacturing environment and from there we have a long-term relationship for margins and royalty fees the companies make safer more resilient products and we have long-term recurring revenue for 5 to 25 years and everybody wins so I've got 30 years of experience building Tech products and companies we've got a fantastic virtual team in Canada and the US where graduates of techstars and other great acceleration programs and we're mostly bootstrapped to this point so to meet this enormous demand we're raising our series a this year with interested investors in the oil and gas and defense markets both of whom spend trillions every year as a voice or fighting the elements that's the perfect Captain to my pitch so I invite you to dig into the science and technology and the market opportunities and join us at flight materials Sciences where we make everyday materials extraordinary thank you so uh Dan I gotta I mean again this also also is a a sector amazingly that I have invested in um you know we're investors in spotless if you know spotless um you know they're out of Y combinator and uh you know uh Pennsylvania state but they have a you know last less a super slippery coding um and their big claim to fame is that the application process is essentially um you know Costless that most other Coatings require specialized machines and some level of curing in order to be applied um do you I don't know if you know spotless or not but I do I do we're tracking about 30 different companies who make similar Technologies but they're all Coatings now okay what are you if you're not a coding okay and this is the part where we usually have to go over twice with the pitch and I do it visually so uh the coding is some new material that sits on top of your base material and it's going to come off it's coming off at some point no matter what you do right so we are lasering the surface of your material it's plastic glass or metal or anything else and we're creating a nano texture with a function so now if it was Titanium or glass before it's still classes or titanium but now it's self-repellent okay okay I get it I I do get it and um and obviously it's going to be highly variable as to where this is you know how and where this can be applied it's going to be tough to apply it to a ship right well yeah we we're going to start with things we can start with right I mean people want to do it on airplane wings and ships for biofiling and all these other things so what we do is we go into those markets one piece at a time I'm not going to do 47. I am going to do the instrument on on the plane that gets iced up the most that needs the work I'm going to do the side of a ship but I am going to do the lead edge of a helicopter rotor which takes a lot of erosion Force so we're going in Little Bits at a time okay okay and so the the businesses the bit well again the business is the machine that does the micro Machining is that a business or is it the square are you doing it as a service it well we don't want to do it as a service because the most efficient way for the customers to buy this is to have it in their house okay so so whether they buy the lasers from us or at least the lasers from us is really just the the initial but okay you know if we're making an improvement to the to their product and it's got a 5 or 20 or 50 year uh lifespan right and we want to charge license and royalty fees continuously as we go and they're happy with that okay okay so I would have I mean again um you know you weren't clear that you I mean you you you you you you you weren't clear that you weren't a coding um I'm somehow that did not come across clearly maybe maybe it was because I missed it but um um but the flip side of it is that yeah I mean I I don't know how much do you want to spend how much time you want to spend leading in on how we hate Coatings I don't know I don't get up in the morning saying God damn it life is good except for those Coatings I'll tell you well you're right we when we focus on our our sector pitches we talk about the impact on on you like if you've ever waited at the airport for the airplane to de-ice you hate it if you've ever had a small chip to your car and you have to repaint a whole piece or something you you hate it so yeah but you're not going to solve that problem I mean anytime in the next decade right I mean so um you know I would I wouldn't focus on consumers hating anything I would focus on you know who who's got a hair on what business has a hair on fire problem right around this particular issue and and just you know not because you know knock our socks off with the value proposition to that Target customer not me waiting at the airport because it's not credible right so how is my time how much time did I spend and how much was left it's all right brilliant I don't know forgive me guys anybody else want to chime in on you know flight yeah we probably gotta move on uh because we have a lot okay okay so but damn you know I would be I would be happy to take a look um you know if if um you know so you're not competitive with spotless I get that so uh all the things they do well I'm glad to let them do and all the things that the voting companies can't do they come to upset thank you so much everybody yeah okay so so Daniel you'll connect us right I will I will so second connection exciting so great job guys all right next person is uh let me see uh next person is mink uh from the stereo thank you there yes I'm here uh so sorry okay turn on the camera and you got two minutes go for it okay thank you so uh you all might be a little bit uh tired now so I'm bringing something interesting uh uh online Idols are active for decades and they earn money from their follower only fans is a famous business model I assume that you all know about it and today uh this is this is a multi-billion dollars Market but the match uh they are making use a bar quickly because most of them are just a good good looking person and they are doing boring stuff so why don't we create a much better version with technology so the thorium is a social network where users can subscribe to access exclusive content and interact with the virtual character so we bring users the experience of interacting with a living person the virtual characters are powered by Ai and computer computer graphic technology and they are um very good looking realistic in any fan fantasy visual that you prefer in some case they are intelligent and uh very knowledgeable um I mean you got 10 seconds Please wrap it up yes sorry so um they are uh so they are submissive submissive and can offer long-term relationship and now we are just launching the MVP version and the character activity up backed by human and we have um designer and operator to create the content and interact with the user and we are developing the AI and the virtual world we will fully automate automate the system uh so thank you this is my uh what my company is doing fantastic all right thank you man I appreciate it and we get to the questions right now okay um this sounds like a job for Duran yeah [Laughter] uh I mean Niha uh no I'm from Vietnamese I'm not a Chinese because um my name is Ming but uh you you usually call me Min so I I have to gotta change single letter yeah oh okay now that resonates yeah so so is it is it a particular app that you have if you have like a mobile app yeah we we are launching a website on and mobile mobile application so you haven't launched it yet yeah I I have launches uh this month already we are launching the MVP version already you can uh I've said my website at the stereo.com yeah so I wasn't quite clear on when I when I hear these consumer-based apps social media is it's always interesting to me because the first thing is do we need another social media platform I wasn't quite clear clear on the value proposition and where you sit inside of the ecosystem with the snapchats of the world the Pinterest is of the world the Facebooks of the world The Messengers so I wasn't quite clear on that on your value proposition or where you sit in the ecosystem oh so so uh are you a only fair subscriber so I'm just replacing human with with my virtual virtual character uh they they are not uh they don't have the limitation of the real human uh for example they are perfect and they can interact with uh multiple thousands of users at the same time and they can offer a user a special relationship is your idea that each person that's already on only pans is going to have a special character connected to them no no I'm acquiring user from only fans so only fair is my main complicated competitor so you're so okay so you're going to compete with only brands yes got it got it yeah I mean I'll be interested in learning more this is going to be a very long conversation I want to take up the time here but I'll be I'll be interested in learning more because I'm kind of confused but it sounds it sounds it sounds interesting because I know that second life was really big on a virtual world so I know that these things are really huge people actually get married on Second Life with their online character and it has nothing to do with their real life but I would be interested in learning more offline for sure thank you very much all right thank you let's move on and the next person we have uh uh 13 minutes left and a lot of projects uh willing to pitch so let's move to the next one James Betsy bestie James hey there I'm James I'm the founder and CEO of bestie uh we are currently launched on both IOS and Android and our Flagship product the bestie app is a positive only place to share your experiences your favorite businesses the hidden gems in your locale anywhere around the world so we consider ourselves to be the anti-elp um we currently have about 80 users since our launch in mid-December uh so our usership uh has put up about 100 110 uh listings uh all over the world so we have people and this has grown strictly By Word of Mouth at this point we're not doing any marketing um and so our main focus is on things like restaurants salons hair salons nail salons tattoo parlors things like that that have a really nice visual aspect we kind of want to bring a more uh Tech advanced uh feel to the review and rating uh industry so we're looking for up to 750 000 in a safe round for our seed funding uh and we're going to be using that for our marketing Blitz to really get our brand out there and get people more engaged with the with the app um we have a lot of other products on the roadmap including things like sorry Payment Processing for our business customers um and AR we want to incorporate AR and possibly VR into the user experience on the app itself so uh that's about it for now I'm open to questions thank you thank you James just seconds okay go for it further questions whoa where'd everybody go what happened okay go for it he's here all right okay okay um yeah yeah so James it is you know a little bit a little bit tough to you know to launch another consumer rating site um and unfortunately you know the numbers you've quoted uh I know it's only been two months but you know it doesn't it doesn't sound like this is something that is a tsunami about to happen um and so with you know even with 750 000 it's hard to imagine that you're quote unquote going to take the World by storm right that's not exactly that's not entirely credible I would love you got to figure out a way to create some other viral propagation model um you know clearly this kind of thing is is is is is is is is is you know should be should have a viral component and that's what I would have you know you got to figure out and that's what I would have figured out how you know how to push but you're gonna have to have a lot more attraction in terms of momentum to get to get people excited about about funding this and then second thing I sort of get I sort of get you know positive only but I mean not in a rating site I mean so if you know if the salon you know made mistake you're not allowed to tell them you know I mean that just doesn't make sense how do you have a positive only review site that that wasn't clear to me um so I mean I'm I'm inferring that it means no nastiness but yeah whatever right so that's just the feedback I don't there's not really a question there it's more feedback yeah yeah I appreciate that I can answer that very quickly if that's all right um one would be that is exactly what we're doing we're starting a PR push and we have two companies contracted with us to do hopefully content that does go viral because we do want that uh out there um and then secondly of course in regards to the positivity we just want to create a different type of experience for the users so they're not getting bombarded with ads or reviews that they kind of have to Wade through just to find a really good place to go so everything is going to be kind of user generated content that you know puts the best of the best out there uh and it's not for every business it's fairly exclusive okay great all right thank you very much hi James James can you talk a little bit about your daily active users your monthly active users how does how do those figures look yeah I mean right now it's tiny because we only have about 80 uh users currently but uh again that was with no marketing just kind of word of mouth and uh you know talking to friends and family about it so we have users as far away as Australia and Greece right um that are you know posting things every day so you know we're growing albeit slowly but there is you know and if you go on the bestie app in your area you'll see I'm looking at the app now so my question where where are you located uh well uh I'm personally in North Carolina uh my developers in San Diego uh okay and then so so there you said that you're raising capital for marketing that's a bit troubling for these apps because it's a lot that you can do to get things kick-started to get to a proof point and one of those things especially with an app like this is going to the college campuses it's similar to what what match what what match Tinder did a lot of a lot of other apps and the one thing you don't want to do this is quick it's quick advice is spread yourself too thin so you want to Cluster the actual Community because what happens there you can ensure that your drop-off rate will be decreased because you're getting people in your app that's a part of a community you're going to have to focus on an online to offline strategy starting out because you're not going to be able to wow people when they first come in the app because there's no hook there yet especially with a small user base so perhaps you can have some offline Events maybe even a happy hour so you go to the local spot that you're featuring and you say hey we want to ensure that x amount of people are going to come here and with a two drink minimum and then you can Market yourself the bestie feature spot or bestie happy hours we pick a city and we throw a happy hour there therefore people will see your as the place to go to an event while you actually grow the app is Salesforce use case because no matter what everybody has to like figure out the cold start problem what Andrew Chin talked about from a16z and and it can work it's definitely going to be uphill battle because it's a lot of these out there but as far as raising capital for marketing I wouldn't suggest do that you can start off like Hey we're a new FDI we're going to be doing some cool happy hours near your college we want you all to come and talk to us about some ideas that we have and then you can take that small cluster community and utilize them to spread out to the next community so the UFC was to do it I'm giving an LA example you can then utilize USC to go to the UCLA my last point you can even cluster inside of the cluster so you can go to the USC NBA students and then say hey now we're going to do the engineer happy hour and now we're going to do the athletic happy hour specifically for the women then the men then we're going to bring them two together and that's how you actually create a community for your brand which will give you some time to actually build out the app on the online side but you don't need Capital At This Moment gotcha yeah all right thank you thank you so much uh let's move on and let's take the final project of the day uh zamir just told me that he got a run around uh urgently so he excused and uh yeah uh so you won't come today uh next week um anyways uh the final project of the day um let me see just a second find it okay uh uh the the lights uh Alex Fox Alexis Fox lights lighter sorry sir pronouncing correct are you here all right yep I'm here thank you so much hopefully thank you after working for almost two decades in Social good marketing social movement strategy and behavior change my co-founder and I created later the company empowers social good creators to realize their vital impact goals while growing their businesses with recurring subscriber Revenue we do this with a unique ecosystem of B to B to C software and services like Shopify is a tool to build e-commerce storefronts lidar enables creators to build Progressive web apps and charge membership fees the apps are branded for the Creator and specifically tailored to help subscribers better themselves and the World At Large I've spoken to creators every week for many years now and lidar's solving a vexing problem for social good creators while many creators have meaningful social good goals they often lack the ability to provide their audiences with the personalized tools and guidance required to affect real change moreover many creators don't have the ability to establish a stream of recurring Revenue to grow their businesses on their own as an example when Beyonce and Jay-Z sought to help Their audience eat a more plant-based diet to improve health and protect the planet they turn to lighter to generate their app to do so revenue for memberships has helped build their 22 days nutrition business by providing both back end and back office support later allows creators to focus their time on what they love most while subscribers get the individual support they need the market that we're going after is enormous and growing as you probably know the Creator economy is now valued at 104 billion and based on adobe's Creator economy research we estimate that there are between 5 and 30 million social good creators lidar already has strong traction with strong margins and we're Capital efficient for every dollar that's been invested in the company since 2019 we've returned 3.40 cents in gross revenue we're now fundraising because demand for our apps and services has outpaced our ability to take on new creators thank you wow sounds fantastic did I did I did I hear you just correctly you said Beyonce and Jay-Z utilize their platform uh yes oh okay so yeah it sounds like you're a bit of a a Squarespace Shopify slash GoFundMe am I understand that correctly yeah I think Squarespace is Squarespace you create a website Shopify you make an e-commerce platform with later you create a progressive web app and the web apps are specifically designed to deliver impact and Revenue got it so are there any donations that I could could I create a campaign on your platform uh no see as a Creator and that could be a documentary filmmaker a non-profit a celebrity uh an Instagram influencer you would be creating your own app a progressive web app that means you bypass the tax from Android and Apple and um we would be there providing the individual support that your users need for whatever the the cause is that you care about where they're both providing the software we have a proprietary algorithm called Helix that takes your content plus Evergreen content that's been made by the lighter team and meets that user where they are on their journey and delivers a unique experience we also offer to be an extension of the creators team so for example one of our partners has about three million Tick Tock followers but it's just her and her husband so we do the customer service we create Evergreen content we provide data analytics we talk about their organic marketing and how they can improve it so we're serving as an extension of their team so a few more questions as far as you it looks as if you've been in business for a little over eight years um but some of that was us just on our own doing uh by hand MVP kind of things but yes understood now now that you didn't mention how much Capital you're raising in that what valuation sure we're raising we we haven't settled on evaluation yet we're we're just kicking off our fundraising this is kind of my chance to practice I see fancy that fancy that yeah um but we're going to be raising 4 million four million dollars okay interesting I don't know I don't know exactly how big is the demand for a progressive website uh outside of an app and how does that work if I want to have an application again the the sales pipeline as far as me having an app in conjunction to my Progressive website maybe they can look equivalent and we convince people to pay me through the website oppose the pan inside of the app I do see that as a really big problem people are definitely coming together to go against Apple so much so they've even been sued for this but I I I do want to talk to you a bit more offline so I can learn a bit more about your your core value proposition sure what's going to have your brand because you have market share and you have mind share and mind share often leads to market share what's going to put you at the top of someone's mind to utilize your platform for that but that's all I have for now great great work great work thank you any other questions from the investors well and my last and I'm I just looked at the clock and I have to I I have to jump but Alexis um you know that was a very smooth pitch but I will tell you it sounded a lot like it was a written pitch that you read and it you know and it it was all very like super high level you know sort of special words you know social good creators we meet the users where they are and deliver unique experience I mean this what the heck is that right okay so it was the only piece of your pitch that sort of hit anything home was Beyonce and and a web app right so you know just all this high level Progressive social good Creator language that you're offering it's just so hard to penetrate and you know there's nothing that sits that fixes in the brain when you talk all that until you get to some concrete specific examples that you now we know what you're talking about so I you know just go back you know throw that thing out if you would and start you know how would you describe this to to a friend who really cares as opposed to you think it's a pitch to investors if you have something like that okay just and my apologies I got I gotta run dental and everyone everybody thank you thank you um hope to see you again soon thank you Bill thank you so much all right see you later bill thank you everyone it seems like that was our final pitch of the day and uh we understand that not everyone can make it to the end uh uh because just so many people are willing to teach and you don't give strong barriers uh to uh so you can uh sign up really fast so guys shoot us an email at info goglobo.world if you want to pitch next time and you didn't reach this time so we will try to give you priority and because everyone matters and uh it's not like you you were not selected to picture something we understand uh it's not just possible to pitch everyone at the same time within two-hour frame thank you so much for your pitch and uh uh we have two investors left so this time they had to jump off earlier than before so uh as you left uh here at dear investors please give us for your final recommendations final statements and what you have on your part after this uh uh features you've heard maybe some final recommendation let's see if you may go first yeah I mean I think like the the consistent threat was really understanding what what it was that you guys were building um and so it's the hardest part of a pitch is making sure that that is clear um it's not easy but I just focus on understanding that um in like three sentences for someone who knows nothing about the industry that you're in um and it should be a lot easier all right thank you so much Iran what's your final statement and recommendations for the final founders first of all thanks to Neil for another event thanks to the ggw team and Lucy nice meeting you I sent you a connection on LinkedIn so that we can talk online yeah so it appears as if a lot of startups are early the one thing I would I would communicate to them is when you're raising capital from Angels typically it's their own money so they're going to be able to take a higher risk my wife and I we were texting back and forth about this when you're seeking Venture Capital dollars understand that the Venture capitalists themselves they're custodians of other people's money so their decisions to invest in companies are going to be indicative of them being able to return the capital to their limited partners I.E their investors you know it's kind of a flywheel investors give us investors money we invest in startups and then startups return that money to us and we return the money to the actual limited partners they'll kind of consider that flywheel or that that that process in in your structure as far as your ideas are concerned lastly really understand how you sit as far as evaluation because if you're suggesting that your company is going to be valued at X today we're really not focused so much on if you're really worth that today how can you get to the next round of funding and what Revenue model you can have in between the valuation you want us to set today and the next valuation so that our investment can mature because if we set a 10 million evaluation today and we have 10 of the company and you sell for 10 million we just break even we don't actually make any Capital so the goal is really to talk about here's our path to revenue here's how we're going to justify our current valuation towards the next funding round and here's how we get there so a little bit of the heuristics on your path of funding opposed to just this single round what you're talking about us but overall I mean it takes a lot of guts to come and present and talk about your idea and I'm always on the side of the founders thank you thank you very much and thank you dear investors for great feedback I really appreciate that you know guys if you've done another great feature event I really my everyone's efforts for this and yes it's not easy and yes you get straightforward feedback don't take it personal this is the exactly a place where you face the reality and we are not here to uh harm you we actually want to help and uh this is why we select great investors willing to help you and of course considering you for Investments so please subscribe to our matching app that I put here in the chat this is the app for investors advisors and startups to imagine find your exact matches you're looking for it's in better and we are giving access slowly to everyone but not right away and uh thank you all for everything for the next event that will happen uh next week it's important that you guys not only a recipe but also share on your social media and when you pause this video on our YouTube channel don't forget to press the like button subscribe to the channel it helps us with the hacking the algorithms and so more world's people are coming from out there to Beach and we bring new projects investors thank you everyone for great Beach and I look forward to see you again next week and next week is on Thursday take care guys bye thank you take care see you later guys [Music]

- How Flight Simulators & Tech Are Transforming Pilot Training 🚀: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Day 10, the role of aviation technology in flight training. Hello again. Today we're diving into the exciting world of aviation technology and how it's revolutionizing flight training. In today's digital age, technology is changing the way we learn to fly. Tools like flight simulators, electronic flight bags, and advanced navigation software are making flight training more efficient, safer, and accessible. Flight simulators are one of the most significant innovations. These realistic tools allow you to practice maneuvers, emergency scenarios, and instrument approaches without ever leaving the ground. You can work on your skills in various weather conditions, scenarios, and giving you valuable practice before you ever even enter the airflight. Additionally, EFBs like forflight are transforming flight planning and navigation. With these tools, you can plan flights, check weather conditions, and track your routes in real time, all from the tab, all from your tablet or smartphone. This not only makes flying more convenient, but also helps you stay safer by keeping you informed throughout your flight. At Jet with Joe, we integrate these technologies into your training program and lessons to make sure you get the most out of every training session. Whether you're using a simulator uh to learn a procedure or an app to plan a cross-country flight, these tools are here to help you succeed faster and more safely. Stay tuned as we continue to explore the future of aviation and the tools that will make you a better pilot.

- San Francisco Launches Pilot Network for the Internet of Things: Kind: captions Language: en really excited about what we're here to announce and discuss today uh I am a firm believer that U connectivity is uh the fabric of the future uh it's only uh because some people had a good idea to pave and organize Road systems thousands of years ago that were able to talk about things like autonomous vehicles today and so I think that part of this is about what we're building for today but I think we also need to keep very clear in our minds that we're building something that will produce the unimaginable for tomorrow and so connectivity is really an infrastructure that's going to change the face of civilization forever just the way that road systems and uh Aqueduct and electric grid have changed the world before we got here I was at an Internet of Things conference um a few months ago and I said something to the to that crowd that was a little provocative and I said without the internet we're just talking about a bunch of things and quite frankly we already have those things so the whole discussion about iot is about making these things smarter and the way that that's enabled is through that connectivity and so what we're talking about today what we're announcing today in San Francisco is a huge step in that direction we've established uh with our partner sigf Fox who'll be up to discuss uh more details in a minute the the largest Internet of Things specific Network in the country and uh uh when I came to San Francisco I was told that all all good things start in San Francisco and so uh this is a perfect example of that so I'm really proud of all the work that that's gone into this our chief Innovation officer who'll be up in a moment Jay Nath was instrumental in all this our libraries Department uh Louise thank you for the this partnership on enabling this and of course sigf Fox so without further Ado I'd like to introduce Alan prus uh president of sigf fox North America to the stage to uh to talk about the partnership from from their perspective Alan so good morning and welcome if I seem distracted as I'm still staring at this great venue here trying to figure out how to get one of these statues home so thank you for joining us this morning for the launch of our us Network and first off I'd like to thank the mayor of San Francisco Ed Lee the city's information officer Miguel Gamino Chief Innovation officer Jay Nath for their help with this launch the city of San Francisco has been incredibly gracious and very supportive and truly appreciat the appreciates the the challenges and opportunities around deploying technology and it's not an accident that San Francisco is at the center of the world when it comes to high-tech you know from the Gold Rush that launched this city almost 165 years ago to the present Gold Rush of high-tech this is a place that was built upon being able to identify and support the next big thing and I'm here to tell you that the internet of things or iot as we call it is the next big thing and simply put iot is the ability to collect data from everything and to use this information to make better decisions you know Peter Ducker the father of modern management famously stated that you cannot manage what you cannot measure so what happens when we can measure everything to me it's new Services new products things we could not even conceive about just a few years ago it takes quite a bit of teamwork with companies across the Spectrum to create these new business models but it begins with the Assumption as Miguel said that you have access to the data in the first place and depending on the analyst that you follow the world will have somewhere between 25 and 50 billion connected devices globally in the next five years at the same time we only expect less than 60 million Cellular iot Connections in the US and a little over a quar billion Cellular Connections globally at the end of the year so other devices will connect on Wi-Fi or other short- range Technologies but there remains a gap and it's a gap of billions how will these things connect so existing cellular Technologies are fantastic you know whether you use them for collecting lots of data that's streaming from a jet airline engine or for watching video of a sneezing panda nothing handles large amounts of wireless data better and this technology has a very important place but analysts predict that only a minority of business cases will be able to afford it and the fact is that existing Wireless Technologies are optimized for use cases that involve data in situations that can pay a premium and the challenge is is that significant number of iot devices are just Whispering rather than shouting data what they are sending is important but they can be sent in little bits data from utility meters smoke detectors traffic sensors acid tracking all very low bandwidth and plus the battery supporting these applications must last for years so try that with your smartphone and this is really where sigfox comes in sigfox is the leading cost efficient low power iot Network in the world and what we do is allow the billions of things to communicate that cannot afford to connect using conventional Wireless Technologies and our unique technology can be built in the products at incremental cost and then connect for just a few dollars a year at scale we give voice to the billions of devices that have something to say but were never meant to use existing networks you could think of our niche as the billions of orphaned devices out there right now so we've announced deployments in 11 countries in Europe and last month we announced coverage of the top 10 US cities sometime in the first quarter of this year and you'll hear more exciting news about our deployments in the coming months mostly because demand for our services are very high but let me share just a couple examples about what we're doing to make this more concrete so one partner Securitas direct is the top provider of monitored home security systems in Europe and they're combining all their 3G connected alarm systems with sigf Fox technology to ensure that alarms go through even when GSM Jammers are used so millions of alarms systems have been implemented with sigf Fox technology since they already have compatible radio modems in their products there's another company called lease boox that's in the Home Care space that is providing increased transparency by enabling relatives to know exactly which assistance their elderly relatives are receiving and at the same time helping local governments save Millions by automating what used to be error prone paperwork and it's a solution that requires no local internet connection you never have to plug it in it just works out of the box another partner is called smokio that's providing fire detectors to alert you that the product actually works um and that the battery is is actually working and there's power to the unit I didn't realize this but do you realize almost one quarter of all smoke detectors malfunction but often you don't know this until after there's an incident and finally agriculture as you may know accounts for as much as 70% of the water usage in the world and of course we're facing a drought in many places including California right now we're working with a company called weat that's deploying a completely wireless connected sensor solution that measures and transmits soil and air data directly to a farmer's smartphone or computer and using our Network these sensors can easily be just placed in the field and the data is automatically dispatched no activation with the benefit of having an extremely long battery life a rich ecosystem of Partners is critical to having lots of choice around devices and to achieve this we've partnered with worldclass companies who recognized from the area as well like TI slen Labs Flextronics and many more and of course one of our early us solution Partners Glenn Canyon will speak in just a moment about their Innovative tiny and super coste efficient electricity meters using us for connectivity and while you may not be familiar with SF Fox before today leading Global organizations such as Intel capital telica NT Doo air liquid and Samsung are among our investors industrial and technology companies of many types have realized there's this huge gap in the iot market and the sigf fox has optimized to fill this need while remaining remaining very complimentary to existing Technologies so while San Francisco is the perfect place to begin our us expansion we're very excited to aggressively continue our us and Global roll out over the next year this city has had the vision of support high-tech and we see this as similar to Sig Fox's foresight to create Define and deploy a Global iot Network that's optimized for the particular needs of a niche of billions of devices it should be in a very exciting time ahead for all of us thanks I'd like to now invite Jay Nath Chief Innovation officer to come forward for a few comments hi my name is Jan ath I'm the mayor's Chief Innovation officer and first of all I want to thank uh Innovation hanger and recken park for hosting us in such a beautiful and Innovative location also want to thank uh the director of the library Louise Herrera uh John upd the director of um real estate for supporting all of our efforts and of course uh Miguel Gamino our our CIO and sigf fox for making all of this happen here today so San Francisco as we know is a city renowned for its entrepreneurs hackers makers people who are building the next generation of products and services and today's announcement is another tool in their toolkit so that they can build better products by connecting them to the internet our vision is to make San Francisco the iot capital of the world for two reasons first we want to create a spectrum of jobs in support of the mayor's fivepoint manufacturing plan in partnership with o WD our Economic Development Workforce agency and uh SF made we want to see entrepreneurs design and manufacture these products right here in San Francisco Hardware is different than software it requires assembly installation maintenance customer service solid middle class jobs second these products and services can make a huge impact in how we operate our city in making ourselves more effective efficient and responsible um whether it's in transportation Public Safety or healthare and you can imagine intelligent street lights that know when they're not operating and can alert us or if we have moisture sensors and we can actually water parks when they should be watered or if you're a driver knowing when there's an empty parking spot there are literally hundreds if not thousands of products and services that have yet to be created or imagined and that's why we're holding our City's first Hardware hackathon next month in partnership with sigf Fox and many others to Showcase some real world examples based on the needs of our city government this is literally our city government coming with some of the challenges and problems to the table with entrepreneurs to catalyze this conversation this is going to be a separate announcement you'll hear about shortly in the next month and with that I want to bring up um John to talk more about Glenn Canyon and how they're using their product to connect people to Smart Meters thank you good morning I'm the hardware guy like all hardw guys I come with a bag of uh Small Tricks The Internet of Things has been a incred inredible let's say revolutionary effect on the world of networking and Communications it's enabled a whole new family of Hardware devices smart sensors and services as well the service component of uh servicing the data from utilities uh and other um businesses is is an incredibly large phenomenon a quick example we metered the city of Seattle 400,000 homes we provided data on a one minute basis to our uh cloud-based service Google it generated 1.3 terabytes per day and as the saying goes I think it was ever derkson said pretty soon you have real numbers U the information revolution is what this has enabled having a large number of devices providing a small amount of information per hour per minute per day is absolutely the equivalent of a few devices presenting very large amounts of data so for Allen and sigf fox I want to show you what uh what they have en enabled for us the electric meter business is one that we participate in we have about 120 million meters installed worldwide the World Market is 220 million meters per year the US is only a small proportion of that something less than 2% of the World Market and just to highlight it very quickly this is one of our meters from the World Market you of course going to notice it's Square it's not round and it is highly intelligent it has five arm processors inside and they do everything from web services to a web server to sending and receiving emails and sms's and a whole bunch of things the bad news here in California pg& paid $220 a piece for them and bought 10 million of them so all of us pay a extra charge of about 9% on our electric bills today in this market bad news uh that's not going to continue the electric utilities can't afford it and the attorney generals of the US are are preventing it from reoccurring but what is happening with the enablement of iot devices like sigf Fox is smaller lightweight meter devices instead of one of this size now we we introduce one of this size the first customer is the city of Shanghai who's installed calling 5 million as a pilot program of these little cigarette lighter sized packages well what makes this possible and if I haven't lost it in my pocket I want to give you a glimmer of what the iot is about from a hardware standpoint can you can you see this this is a Sig Fox Radio it sends and receives data 12 bytes at a time from devices such as this or soil moisture sensors or water meters or control systems for irrigation this little device costs uh more or less around a dollar and a half and enables 15minute information transfer to data collection and energy control to reduce the usage of energy and water and vital Commodities worldwide well we're one of one of many folks that are that are participating in the iot this happens with with some pride to say this is this is our Hardware device these are all intelligent things there are three microprocessors inside this little package two of them are 32bit having great Computing capability so the extension to other applications is going to happen and it's happening now you will find these things you'll find them in light bulbs you'll find them in of course meters The Meters will be smaller they will be less expensive and they will enable a whole new level of information processing and analytics my compliments Sal thank you we're bring everybody up so if I can have the uh other speakers uh join me on stage um we want to open it up to um press or anybody else in the audience for any questions that you might have about sigf Fox of technology or the partnership between sigf Fox and our city and the work we're doing or what we might imagine this network will be doing for our city or for entrepreneurs we're here to take any questions that you might have uh so right now what we've done is we have uh allowed for the installation of antennas on Library buildings um and that's the the partnership with the library is that component um it's at no cost to the city we haven't spent any money doing it um you know we're not paying for the sensors all that's uh provided by Sig Fox we're we're allowing for access to to uh the buildings for mounting of those those uh back hall antennas uh that Alan could speak to more specifically on the technology side yeah the big difference uh thank the big difference the way we deploy networks versus a more conventional cellular network a more conventional deployment has lots of equipment lots of power lots of back haul um for us you're talking about something that's roughly the size of a briefcase with a 30-in antenna and just a DSL connection so it's uh you really don't even know it's there most of the the time unless you're staring at it um there's not the typical impacts about you know does the if the wind blows does something happen things like that are pretty much uh Irrelevant for us um but the idea is is that San Francisco has now a leading low power wide area network so you could almost think of it as a um a very rich connectivity environment now for all these iot experiments and then with something like the hackathon that Jay talked about it provides a connectivity platform that people can pretty much do whatever they like on so it just is part of the San Francisco leading the charge in in Tech and just to add to it a couple things one is this is a a pilot initiative so we want to better understand you know what value sigf Fox brings to our communities and to our city government um and it's on a on a one onee lease and so we'll be able to sort of renew that if we see that's that's a good fit or not um the other thing to to recognize is that you know we're open to uh other sort of Technologies we're not saying that this is the right one or there uh we really want to enable U different communication Technologies um that you know companies are providing so that we can provide that connectivity for our citizens and entrepreneurs any other questions whether about the heon yeah please well I think the pilot is is sort of twofold one is for um sort of for our city government to better understand how a technology like this could be incorporated in the work that we're doing and solving some of the challenges and I think the the hackathon is the first uh sort of milestone in that conversation with our city government you know what are those pain points what are those challenges that we're we're facing that could be addressed by these products and services that's first of all second is that you know is this really uh a great tool in um technology for entrepreneurs are they able to build new products and services do things that they couldn't do before so those are two things I think that we're going to be looking at uh to see if this is this is something that's impactful just uh one comment on hackathons the whole one of the very exciting things about hackathons is is that you really don't know what you're going to get I mean that's sort of the way Silicon Valley works right the idea is is that you created an environment that lends itself well to creativity Innovation and you sort of let smart people loose and you tend to get all kinds of interesting things out of it and so that's that's the idea behind the hackathon in a few weeks yeah we'll be expanding um so we'll continue to expand out very quickly as I mentioned before top 10 or 11 US cities sometime in the first quarter but you'll see this network continue to spread south basically now that we've had this foundational deployment here uh in the city um m because we have so many partners in the area I mean you heard from from John from Glen Canyon I mentioned some of the sort of the Chip And module level Partners but frankly we have many others and uh uh so you're going to see a steady continuing roll out uh here and in many other places yeah the city is uh is under that nice warm blanket right now so it's you can drive around we've had uh uh different partners and customers driving around doing tests so uh our outdoor coverage is excellent we have uh good indoor coverage uh with any new network you certainly have spots here and there uh but generally speaking the network is up and um again because of the flexibility of the way our technology is deployed if we do find new areas um that perhaps we just haven't covered yet um it's pretty easy for us to just put something up there the Network's the networks live as of right now yeah the Network's live as of now correct I I might add to that we did uh field tests here in San Francisco uh running with our small radio device average uh distance between cell points was measured at about a mile the coverage u in the city from inside buildings was more than 2 and 1 12 miles and in a more rural setting like loscos or Palo Alto the coverage would be on the order of 10 miles uh the antennas for the radio is included in this in this little board so there's no OB intrusive antenna uh from the endp point and the base stations operate higher the better if I I'm saying that well yeah little further back so if you want to take pictures we can take you up there any final questions before we wrap it up well thank you so much for all of your time for this exciting announcement for our city at CL [Music] n

- Five CAREERS for Drone Pilots: Kind: captions Language: en hey droner Andrew here we all know the old adage love what you do and you'll never work a day in your life what if you love drones but you also love making a living why not combine the two here are five ways you can make money as a drone pilot [Music] consider subscribing to drone nerds and liking the video it really helps before we get started I need to make one thing abundantly clear you must have your FAA part 107 certification to fly drones commercially no exceptions that's something you'll have to get before working as a professional drone pilot number one agricultural drone pilot agriculture is a specialized application of drone technology that stands out due to its requirement for a multi-spectral sensor this Advanced sensor detects light and the non-visual range particularly infrared and near infrared allowing it to collect data indicative of crop Health by using drones equipped with these sensors to capture data over Farmland farmers can generate in DVI Maps or normalize difference vegetation index enabling effective crop Health Management identifying areas with sub-optimal health enables precise resource allocation like irrigation fertilizers and pesticides and more while it's a relatively recent addition to agriculture entering this field through drone Services can place you at the Forefront of this Innovative Trend number two mapping and surveying creating 3D maps and models through drone technology holds broad applications particularly in Industries like mining urban planning and civil engineering where accurate terrain models are crucial these models Aid in planning excavation Road layouts and Hazard mitigation there are two primary methods of creating these Maps photogrammetry which generates 3D models using overlapping aerial images that are run through a specialized software and lidar a more accurate but expensive method the value of the data in this field allows for premium pricing making drone 3D modeling a highly profitable Venture with significant demand number three inspections drones offer a safer and faster solution for inspecting miles and miles of power lines pipelines Construction sites cell towers rooftops and more equipped with thermal cameras drones can identify things like power line damage by detecting heat variations caused by disrupted current flow replacing weeks of work with just a few hours this technology also proves valuable for drone rooftop inspections benefiting real estate agents roof repair teams solar installers insurance adjusters and homeowners the appearance and condition of roofs significantly impact property values which can drive high demand for drone based assessments these inspections eliminate hazards logistical challenges and the need for repeat surveys number four search and rescue globally First Responders have integrated drones to enhance their capabilities particularly in search and rescue missions drones excel in covering large areas swiftly offering aerial overviews and Rapid deployment equipped with thermal cameras these drones can detect anomalies even in darkness or obscured environments some models even feature things like loudspeakers and spotlights to help find lost individuals the cost-effective nature of drones versus using helicopters makes them an incredibly attractive option law enforcement agencies benefit from having in-house Pilots for immediate response but offering Training Services to departments that are still seeking drone pilot expertise remains a valuable Avenue number five education and consultation maybe you can't decide on any particular industry but still want to be involved with flying drones and sharing your expertise and passion with other people becoming a drone flight instructor is an appealing option for those who enjoy teaching and communication unlike manned Airport flight instruction there are currently no official FAA certifications for drone flight instruction instead various organizations establish their own criteria another way to educate would be through consultation implementing drone programs can be really complex and a drone consulting firm can help launch a successful drone program items by providing training guidance and legal compliance these Services can also ensure adherence to evolving laws especially the faa's part 107 investing in a drone Consulting service is invaluable to avoid costly mistakes and ensure a successful drone program with a quick return on investment these are just five examples of how you can make a career out of flying drones Enterprise drone usage is still in its adoption phase so do some research maybe you'll find a new way to revolutionize an industry with drone technology click the link in the description below to see how drone nerds can help you kit out the perfect drone for your business today thanks for watching everyone we'll see you next time thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @babywhaleshark [11 likes]: You need a side gig doing voice acting, radio voice
  2. @financial.crimes_aggie [7 likes]: Drones and drone pilots are here to stay. But to be frank, I belive it will get much harder for individuals who are just drone piltos to find meaningful, decent-paying work. One example is the comment about law enforcement. A couple of years ago, yes, law enforcement were enlisting private companies to teach drone piloting. However, now there is the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) that is training police officers in such remote piloting. My uncle is a GIS expert, and drones are pretty important, but it is expected that a GIS Technician, Specialist is familiar with operating a drone. The same could be said for meteorology, surveying, and engineering. Yes, it was acceptable to just be a drone pilot in years past; however, companies are now expecting their engineers, their GIS specialists, cartographers, meteorologists, et cetera to already have drone piloting as an add-on skill. Therefore, if you want to be a drone pilot, learn another skill that's adjacent to drones as your primary skill/industry, then just pick up remote piloting as a bonus.
  3. @loriskinner7178 [6 likes]: This is an excellent and well made video about careers in working with Drones. It was exactly what I was looking for. Your commentator has a smooth and crystal clear voice. It was great!!!!😊
  4. @remeredzaimushangure9726 [6 likes]: Perfect timing, seeing this. 

Interested in Agricultural drone pilot Training.
  5. @pdxpickit2586 [3 likes]: Noting that this is two years old and many are worried about  “everybody hiring “in house” drone pilots. I think that having a professional engineer, surveyor or construction foreman obtain and gain the knowledge to utilize the equipment and technical skills to produce needed technical deliverables does not seem likely. The need for inspections, mapping, thermography and cinematic aerial photography does not always warrant another person on the payroll. 
It takes a lot of hustle. If someone wants to have a successful drone business I believe they can. It is after all a service business like land scape services, painting or janitorial services. 
Any successful entrepreneur must have a vision, a plan and the drive to see it through.
  6. @only1mulwa [2 likes]: Looking forward to invest in Drones..i foresee endless opportunities especially in Africa.
  7. @RM-lk1so [1 likes]: @DroneNerds I been a drone operator for a couple years now. Recreational. Seeking a pivot in a career. However I find it difficult to find clubs that encourage gathering ls to support one another.  Practice. Speakers. Advice. And camaraderie. Where are the groups that support independent pilots
  8. @lukethompson7292 [1 likes]: What are the income potentials
  9. @Restlesssoul_on_Borrowedtime: The most popular and seemingly un restricted still is, stalking and spying on your neighbors. seems to be an excuse for people to get a drone ,and its not regulated in that way yet. you might say it is but its not. one of the biggest issues since the embarkment
  10. @strozanacdonji605: What are the best drones for inspection jobs?
  11. @frankiew6854: Been looking into this, I love photography and this will help me in a passion but if I can find a side hustle doing something like this or search and rescue jobs would be amazing
  12. @traningday: Thank you for all the information.
  13. @fredmwinyi: What is about w. House inventory, delivery communities? 🏗️🏨
  14. @authenticmuaythai: BIG MONEY IDEA $$$
Florida needs your help...
They’ve got an anaconda problem...

This is where you come in. 💰

EXPERTS NEEDED:
Airtag Rats → deploy AI drone sweep → anacondas gone in 6 months.
First team to scale wins. ☠💵💵💵💵💵

❓❓❓How would you do it❓❓❓
  15. @montrez1988: where can I take the 107 test?
  16. @loriskinner7178: Thank you!
  17. @CynthiaDCollier: Loved this video! Super insightful breakdown of drone pilot careers. Quick question—out of the five, which one do you think has the most growth potential over the next 5 years?
  18. @brentbeatty4824: Skydio x10D
  19. @KasunCool-q9v: Hello sir, I am going to do this drone course. I am currently a computer hardware technician, but because ai technology has come, drone technology is advanced through artificial intelligence, so is it good to become a drone pilot or not?  Would like to know your opinion.
  20. @momentosanto7: These is the first time see you, I just subscribe

- Pilot Careers in 2025: How the Avixoo Algorithm Is Changing the Game: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, welcome back to another episode of the Brian podcast. In this episode, I sit down with Merit Farber, corporate pilot and founder of Aixu Aviation to explore how he's transforming the way aviation professionals connect with opportunities. Discover how Mets identified critical gaps in traditional recruitment processes and leverage his pilot experience to create a platform that's changing the industry. From cockpit systems to digital algorithms, this conversation reveals how aviation skills can create a lasting impact far beyond the flight tech. It has been a long time coming. Awesome to have you on the show, Paul. Brian, it's more than a year that we have tried to tried to make this happen and uh finally we are sitting here. So, I'm excited. Finally, we are and it looks like the timing is right because you've made some changes and uh yeah, it's it'll be good to chat about it later on. But, uh before we get there, Paul, can we uh just bring people in the loop? give us some uh of your background and in particular your uh sort of career path to being a corporate pilot which is what you do today as well. Of course. So I started my career about 15 years ago um after I finished my commercial license. I had to obviously find a job and uh yeah the best way I figured out was to do the walk of shame. They called it back then the walk of shame at Latia. handing out my CV at every single uh company and I kind of walked into this one one company called Seafane back then and I I had this great feeling of yeah I want to work at this company. So I decided every second Monday I will walk in there with my resume at 11:00 and I walked in there for about 6 months every second Monday until they gave me a job. At one time the the MD at that stage said, "What do you want?" So I just laughed. I said, "Well, I want the job." So I'm going to come until you hire me. So yeah, that's where it started. About a week later after that, what do you want? He he phoned me. He said, "Can you work Excel?" I'm like, "Yeah, 100%." I had no idea how Excel works. So I phoned my mom. I said, "Listen, teach me how Excel works." So she showed me a few things. I went in for the interview. I showed him what I can do. He's like, "Great. you can start the following Monday. So I started and he basically said if you work for us for 6 months we'll get you into Botswana flying uh yeah maybe the 206 or whatever. So 6 months later went to Botswana they didn't give me a work permit because of load time and they said only if you can get an instructor Skype rating they are instructors rating we'll give you a job. So I sold my car then uh got the instructors, didn't get the job, started giving a little bit of instruction and through instruction I met a guy uh that worked for um Ache at that time. I did the interview with Ache. I was back in the office doing go for work for another work another year and then I started flying fly flew for them for I don't know maybe two or three years then went to alink for a few years and co came after yeah we all basically got furoughed I used my connections which is why I also built au um to found to yeah to get a job in business aviation and since then yeah I'm in business aviation. Yeah. Yeah. So another one that used sort of co as a excuse I suppose to um to transition a little bit. Of course um airlines in corporate is completely different. So my advice to the younger pilots now when I speak to them is try everything but but you have to have a certain personality if you go to airlines and you have to have a certain personality going to corporate. Um certain personalities just don't fit in certain environments. So yeah, and uh obviously you're the man behind Avixu. A lot of people see you on uh on social media, you know, punting the brand. You you are uh you are the brand. Uh what one could say what aspects of your aviation experience prepared you most for your entrepreneurial challenges that you've come across in this new direction at Evixu? Because that's really why we're here today. Although the aviation stuff is interesting, I know from you because I can see the excitement in your face, but I'm gonna sit here and you're gonna talk to me about flying to Bloomfentane and black. You're going to say when we talk about some entrepreneurial things and your what you're doing behind a Vixu, you get this uh your whole face changes. So that's what I want to hear about. Yes. So Aixu is obviously my baby. Um not really, but yeah, it is. I started it uh just basically after co um the big thing that corporate a aviation will teach you is that it's unstable. You never know when you're going to lose your job and I was faced with that. Um I flew a private jet for a year. Um the owner said listen we are going to buy a global and he sent me for a global type rating and the global never came and three months later he also sold his airplane and all of a sudden as lucky as I were during co finding a job I also lost a job very quickly well basically after a year and then I thought okay how the hell am I going to find a job now okay then I thought okay I have to submit my CV at every single recruitment agency that's available. I have to join all 10,255 WhatsApp groups. By the way, all of the same people is on the same groups anyway. So, I don't know why there's so many. Um, and I thought, no ways. It's there must be a better way. You have Tinder who matches people. Why can't we have a platform that job that matches your skill, your personal wants with a job that with a company that's looking for someone exactly like you? Okay. So, I went and I saw two or three developers. I gave them idea and they said, "Nah, it's not possible what you guys are going to try." And I said, "Well, it is possible. It will be possible." And I finally got to um two brothers in Bloom Fontaine and uh I pitched my idea to them and they said they can do it 100%. And then we started building it piece by piece and yeah now we have now we have this this thing that works amazingly. It really connects on a high level. Um I'll show I'll take you through it a little bit later. We really go into every single thing that a company needs in a pilot. We cover whether it is they need a freelancer now at this specific airport. We can give it to them if the pilot is registered. If they're not registered, obviously we we can't do the match. Yeah. If the profile is incomplete, the system will also not work. So, um yeah, we cover pilots and flight attendants. What else? What what what was the question again? Sorry, I'm going into this. You you you're going down the path I expected you to go down. You you pitched this idea to me. Uh when was the initial that initial maybe four years ago? Maybe four years. You know, we get um I get offered uh not offered to be part of companies, but people pitch ideas a lot because you know, maybe check us through the pod or whatever. And when you did yours immediately I said th this is something that uh aviation needs because we've sort of been through and if you just take things local here narrow it down to South Africa. We went through many years of you ain't getting into that airline unless your uncle's there or your your father's there or and even on the corporate side. I mean, corporate was always like a bit of a closed group. Like, it had its uh it had the corporate guys and and if you weren't part of that circle, you weren't really getting in. And um I think in a lot of ways sort of quite far ahead of its time, a Vixu was even back then. But like anything, even like uh myself has been with with the podcast, things evolve and things change. And I'm sure that the what you're seeing today is very different to the vision that you had uh four years ago. And I think I think that's kind of the whole point. Um that it that it does keep changing. But what you find now is we living in an era where you've got these incredible systems that can do work for you. You know, if you can take it to a high level like AI agents and things like that, they can actually you can have a secretary that's doing work for you. And a lot of ways that was what Vixu was doing back then before this sort of rush of big AI came in. So just now just dumb this down for a pilot now that is flying at Sapphire on a 737 and is looking not necessarily saying well I don't really want to go to Emirates but what the hell else can I do? How can your application help that guy? Yeah. So, Brian, and that's a good question because I ask myself this question. Okay. What is setting Avixu apart from the other platforms that's out there? Okay. Now, the first thing is we have to look at three things before you can get hired. Okay. These are the three things that I identified. Okay. We have to have you have to have visibility, credibility and influence. Okay? So let's look at them individually. Okay? If no one knows you exist, if no one knows you are looking for something, okay, how the hell is anybody going to hire you, okay? They don't even know you're there. So that's where our platform is brilliant because if your grandmother wants to hire someone, they have access to our database. Okay. And we'll talk about security a little bit later, but we really we are the one platform that do not gatekeep our crew. Every single company have access to them when they are a match. Okay. So, some pilot asked me the other day, but what if there's 200,000 people on your platform? How are they standing out? Well, that's the beauty of the filters because the filter will not show your face to the recruiter if you are not a match with them. So, that's doing two things. It's actually giving you real visibility. Visibility isn't me showing you to 10,000 people. It's showing you to the five people that you are right for. Okay, that's the one thing. The second thing is I'm helping the recruiter by already filtering out the people that is not a match for their operation. So that's the first thing. Okay. So if you are not part of a su the question is why not? Are you honestly looking for a job? You have nothing to lose to be part of that. Okay. The second thing is we have to look at credibility. That's why we ask you to upload all your documents. Upload your licenses. upload this because all of these things are giving you credibility. Another thing that gives you credibility, we have the option for you to verify your identity because some companies said, "Okay, when I match with someone, I can't see their name. So, how do I know I'm seeing a real person there and I'm going to match with Johnny and not with uh Boeing Pilot 3, for example, as a username?" Well, you have the option to verify your identity, we look at your passport, ID or driver's license. And then once that's a pass, once once it Okay, so let me not just say once it passed, how does it pass? Okay, now I have to take a step back. Um, when we look at your document, we have to look at a few things. As crew, we share our documents around the world with everybody, including our passports, including our visas, everything. So the first question I had to ask myself, what if the company leaked your document? How how do I know it's the real person that uploads the document? So first of all, once you go into the verification, it's going to tell you take out the original document and take a photo of it. Okay? So now I know it's the original document that's that's being used for the verification. But the second thing is how do I know that document hasn't been stolen and someone else is doing it? So now we take a selfie of you and it's comparing the face onto the document and now with certain now I can say with certainty this should be the right person and then we hardcode the name into the system. So the crew cannot change the name anymore and naturally your documents should match the name then once there's a match. So in that way we help you with credibility by showing the crew by showing the companies who has been verified and yeah that's the that's the credibility part. Okay. Um what's the third part is your influence. Then we have to look at how you influence people. The first place you're going to have to you have to have influence is in interviews. And sorry, do you want to say Brian because I see you wanted to say something because I'm going no fast. No, carry on. Go. Okay. Yeah. So the the the third place is influence. So I said, "Okay, how can I help people to have influence?" So I put myself in Well, I'm a crew member, so I'm just using myself as example the whole time. As I sit here, this is unnatural. Sitting in front of a camera with a light, with a mic, with lights. It's all unnatural territory. Okay? At least I've been doing it for a year. You've been doing it for four, five, six years. Okay? So, it comes naturally. Most interviews nowadays is online. Okay? The first stage is online. So, how can I help the crew to get used to the environment of the interview? Well, I'm going to send crew on our community, which is our network. I'll talk about that later. We are sending three questions, three random type interview questions on the community. Okay, the question will be something like tell me why we should not hire you today. That's actually a question someone got last week. Okay, or tell me about yourself or um tell me about a time you flew with a difficult captain. Okay. Then we'll tell you the psychology behind the question and then a framework to formulate your own answer because obviously you don't want to copy and paste answers from different people. It must be you that's answering. Okay. Now you have the question, you know how to answer it, but I still need to put you in the environment of the of the interview. Now once you and I have spoken once, there's no more nerves. Okay? It's just like I know you. So, what am I doing? I'm getting up to 10 people, also pilots, into a Zoom call, okay? Where I will bring you to the front and I'll ask you a question, one of those three questions that we did the week. Ask you to tell me about yourself. Now, you have the chance to practice the question in front of people. That's going to make you nervous. So, now you're going to learn how to self-regulate, how to like not do all these weird moves that you do when you're nervous. Yeah. And um after that we're putting you in the background. And why are we putting you there? Because now you can learn from the other guys answers. You can learn from what they are saying. And at the end of the day, I think Avixu is then giving you the the whole package. It's we are giving you visibility. We are helping you with credibility and we are giving you the opportunity to work on your influence when you go for the interview. Okay. And you touched on one you touched on one thing and that is what about business aviation it's a closed market and um it's like you have to know people so if you are flying for sapphire and you might not want to go for Emirates but you're happy to do a corporate gig out of Dubai how do you make these connections okay aviation is small but yet again we have 20,000 groups that people are are part of so I said let's use a professional platform not WhatsApp because there scammers on there. Let's use a professional platform for all the verified crew and we put them into one space where they then can start working on their network. And yeah. Yeah, it's a it's a wonderful model. It it kind of I have u I've got this little cat phrase uh an interstellar echo. It means you know what is something that you can do that transcends into space. So it's it basically in in simple terms it it works while you're out playing and obviously for a pilot that's easier said than done. We we earn our money from flying from A to B. However, your skill set right now is incredibly valuable. Incredibly valuable. And uh what you can now do is if you join a VIXU, put all your details in there, your little digital version of yourself, you know, digital pilot Mitz is on the platform and is busy out looking for opportunities while you're flying, while you're running a business, while you're at the beach. So it kind of it falls very much in line with this this whole principle that I'm just you know totally besotted about because it it's had a huge benefit in uh in my life. Hearing you explain this this isn't something that you quickly developed on chat GPT overnight. It sounds complex the there's the the development of it from the technical side. Can you take us through that? Obviously you don't come from a a big tech background. How the hell did you get this to actually run? That's that's a that's a good question. Um, I started on a piece of paper where I say a lot of great ideas starts on a napkin. That's basically where my idea started. I said, "What's the goal?" The goal is to get a guy a job or a flight attendant a job. Okay. Then what steps is involved to actually get there? And I basically reverse the u reverse engineered the whole process. Um so I said okay first of all we have to choose between a pilot and flight attendant. Great. So that's the first option they have. And then I had to think okay what type of operations is there? There's permanent positions there's freelance positions there's rotational positions. So then I had to start going through the process of building filters for all of these different variables. And then we started testing each variable separately seeing that it works. And the I think the most difficult part was when if you choose this filter right it's true unless you choose another filter then it becomes false and then it should throw the guy out. So yeah that was give us give us that was the most difficult part an example of what one of those filters might be. So, um, there'll be a few non-avviators looking at this that are going, "Hm, hang on. They're talking about aviation here, but this is kind of applicable to my, uh, industry as well." Um, what what might one of those filters be? So, you've got your you've got your skill set. You're a 737800 type rated pilot, but you've got a only a green mamba South African passport. Is that going to impact? Yes. So, what's nice? So let let's use the passport for example the passport. Okay, how am I going to explain this? If you are in Dubai for example, okay, and you are a pilot and you have a Canadian passport. Okay, now the company says I am flying to Europe tomorrow but I need obviously I need someone with a European passport or a Shenhen visa otherwise they can't go. It's not entirely true because if you have a Canadian passport, you can go to Europe unrestricted. So then you can still go. So our logic we had to take your passport into account tell the system you these passports can go to these countries unrestrictedly so that you don't miss out on opportunities like that. Um so that's a good example of when a filter is used in the background not being selected by the company. Yeah. So no doubt designing that Moritz was you expanded beyond the piece of paper. Yeah. Yeah. We did. We did. Um Yan who's also one of the partners in this he sat and he took every passport in the world and he said okay this passport can go there there there and then you start with the next one. I think it took him a month or two just by reading in the data. Um, yeah. Yeah, it's incredibly interesting. And, you know, interestingly enough, even though you pitched this idea, you know, so long ago and just bearing in mind, this wasn't a pitch wondering if you should start the business. You had already started everything and you were hellbent that this is what you were doing. But even back then, you had a proper working model. It's not like this thing's only started working three or four months ago. This has been working for a long time. And you and I have had lots of conversations. you've sat with me and you said, "Brian, this thing is unbelievable. It is unbelievable." And you just you just want people to be on it so that um they can benefit from it. So, uh is there anything in particular that look it's it's very successful. It's running. It's a proper But for me, it's a no-brainer. If you have a pilot license and you are not on AIU, then your little digital version pilot is not out doing the work. So, it's a no-brainer that you've got to be on it. Yeah. What pain points are you finding right now? Why is not every pilot in the world or or cabin crew member in the world on the platform? Yeah, if I knew the answer, they would have been on there. But number one, I don't think people understand what we do because again, there's 20 other platforms that's claiming they do what we do. Yeah. But I guarantee they showed me that rinky dink one the other day which is basically taking your model and trying to it's a glorified WhatsApp group. Really? Yeah. That's it. It it it it it's not what we do. Okay. Um yeah, you know exactly which one I'm talking about. Um, so that's the first thing is how do I get past all the noise from the other people where if I make a claim, I actually I can prove it to you. Where the guys that making these claims, yeah, you see it's it's work. No, it's not working like that. It it's not working. That's the one thing. Um, the other thing is we work closely with the crew. Okay. because I'm not I'm not I don't know everything. So, for example, the passport thing, we didn't have that two years ago built in because number one, I never even thought of that one. And I'm using the Canadian passport because that was the scenario that was given to me. It was a Canadian pilot who challenged me on that. I'm like, you are right. We can't do that. But guess what? Two months later, we had it built in. So um other platforms you can reach out to them you'll never I'm not going to say never but you hardly get a response where with us we honestly listen to the feedback and if it's valid we'll implement it. Um there's one section to give you an example with the aircraft the guys are struggling there. I can obviously see on the back back end where the guys stop. Now you ask, why isn't every pilot on the platform? Well, my problem is why aren't the pilots finishing their their profiles? Okay, because at the moment we've got almost a thousand pilots on there where maybe 300 400 is complete. Okay, so there's 60% that's not complete. And I see they all they all struggle when we get to tell me about your hours. I need to know exactly which aircraft you have flown because in the back end we know it's a multi-turbine, it's a jet, it's a this which is on the company side filters. So if I don't know that you've done so many hours on a jet or on a piston or on whatever, the filters won't work. So then then we had another challenge. Um, and I'm still struggling to articulate this in a in a in a in a copy format where if you've flown, let's say the legacy, okay, by default, you can fly the 135 and a 145 as well. But IO sees it as three different designators, Echo 135, Echo 145, and Echo35 Lima. So now in your log book, you've only flown the Echo 35 Lima, but tomorrow there's a job on a 135. So guess what? You can do it. So how do the system know that you can do it? Well, you tell us, let's create a entry and we categorize it by by designator. Then you tell me echo135, echo 145, echo35 limma goes into one category and then the system sees it as great you are qualified for that position due to x y and zed. But then we have the the flip side of the story. If we have the globals, the global is a BD700 but their models is different. You have the classic, you have the vision, you have the XRS, all of those. So if you have the vision, you cannot necessarily fly the classic. So then we can categorize by model as well. So that you can say listen I can fly the BD700 but only the classic. So now the company comes and they say I need a pilot tomorrow who can fly the classic. You're not populating because you can fly only the vision. So those those are where I think there's a bit of confusion in but once you've seen it once it's it's it's really simple. You just need to understand why we're doing what we are doing. Yeah, it makes sense. You know, hearing you talk about it almost uh you know, like in a lot of ways how people are using AI chat at the moment to get answers. Prompt engineering has become a business like there are literally people selling their prompts to use on on on chat GPT and the prompt is incredibly extensive. It can sometimes be three, four, five pages long. background, what you do, who you are, core values, who you work for. And it's a little bit like this. The more you put in that prompt, the better answer the AI is going to give you back. Now, if AI can't give you back the right answer because you're not giving it all the information, then I mean, nothing nothing isn't with the AI, it's with you. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. But with with with this now, this is even I would say on one level higher because it's so niche and and listening to you explain it there with you know the legacy and the 145 and these are things that I mean I cannot explain to you how many questions I get like that from pilots that have been flying 20 plus years. you know, I mean, obviously being involved with with Samro, you know, Brian, I need to come and do a an ATR recurrent. I I've got it on my YA license, but I haven't flown for five years on my South African license. What do I It's a It's a absolute minefield of of uh Yeah, it it's very difficult to figure it out. So, if you've got a platform that is able to say, "Hey, you go worry about the flying, yeah, we'll sort the rest out." I think it's uh it's it's awesome. And I understand the pain point. We have the same um issue in lots of ways. for us to receive pilots to the training facility to come and train. We need all their details because how do we know um you know you can't go and do an eye if renewal if you don't have a valid license at the moment. So for us to accept your training we need to see that okay you've you are current you've done this you've done that you you've got all of the boxes ticked but we need that information. Do you know how difficult it is for us to get that information 100%. I I I can't believe you. You'll have a booking that's been there for six months and it's due to start tomorrow, but we haven't accepted the training because we can't actually tell if the guy's license is valid. Then we'll get the stuff, but he hasn't sent his log book. Then he hasn't sent his medical then it's you're going back back. So I can imagine it's uh a pain point for you. But now imagine this then, right? If let's take our VIX out of the game, okay? What is your alternative? Okay, at the moment you have to apply for each position, every company is going to ask you, send me your last three pages of the lock book, send me this, do this, do this, do this. Your options is listen, I create my profile on a Vixu. I upload everything and then in app we can share everything like the company sees what they need to see blah blah blah. So you essentially do it once and the company never have to phone you and say please send me this, please send me this, please. They have access to it. within limits. Again, this is where the training will come in because we've made it very simple to share documents in and out. But again, safety is what we had to take into account blah blah blah. But the point is you have one profile, you spend two hours on it, and I'm saying two hours. I can help you with your profile and set it up in 30 minutes. Yeah, I have an advantage. It's my system. I know how it works. But it shouldn't take you more than two hours. If there's any issue, I think our support is really good. It's either me or one of my team members who will jump on a call with you and tell you, okay, what what what is it actually that you are trying to do? Okay, let's set it up like this. Cheers. It's done. Enjoy your life. We'll let you know when there's something. And that's it. Um yeah, a lot of questions if if you have a look around the world at a lot of these aviation expos that are going on. There's a lot of lot of them at the moment because there's a lot happening in the industry. There's a lot happening around the world. I suppose there's a bit of a um the next sort of industrial revolution going on particularly with uh with AI. And one of the questions that get asked a lot is how is technology and they use AI but you know you put AI in there is how is AI going to affect our industry that we're in now. I don't think any of us expect that within the next few years there's going to be a robot sitting in the the flight deck and it's going to fly you from Joe tonight to Ethro. None of us think that that's really going to happen. And certainly I'm not getting in an aircraft if there is an AI because some of the questions that I I still get answered are not accurate enough. It's not accurate. No. But if someone asked me how will technology change aviation and in particular with with us now change aviation careers I believe it's something like this where your your options your perceived options becomes much wider. So, you know, you're born in South Africa, you've got a few options. You can fly at this this airline, this airline, or this airline. And if you don't want to fly there, well, yeah, go to Emirates because you don't have a British passport. So, you can't go fly for Ryan Air. So, your your your world is pretty small. Yeah. However, it is getting bigger and you're seeing slowly but surely. you actually can go fly there and you can go and do and this application of Vixu is opening that up because instead of you sitting down and making phone calls and researching it's doing all the work you know it's basically matching you and saying hey Merittz you you know you you sort of tie up with uh with this position are you interested and the other thing that it ties up with Moritz and I'm sure you've seen this is that we are a slightly older generation where when you decided to become a pilot. I think it was in your mind that uh I'm going to do this until I'm 65 and then I'm going to retire and I'm going to that that's going to be it. When we chose a career, the career was very very long-term forward thinking. All right? But the youngsters today do not think like that. And the people today just just simply don't. The careers are going to be shorter. they might not exist after three, four, five years. So no one is thinking 20, 30 years in advance. You're thinking three, four, five years. Yeah. And um and this is again why uh Yeah. It just it just fits so nicely into this aviation gap. This and it's a major it's been a major major sort of uh bottleneck for for many many years that you've now um Yeah. I suppose I suppose it's changing aviation careers in many ways and that's for me uh it's it's if you ask how how technology is going to affect aviation I think it's just there it's just more options just more my my one thing that I would say and it ties in with what you just said people don't think long term anymore and my and you can take you can you can probably relate with this with your podcast if you decided after 6 months this is not for me uh you're not going to you're going to be a pilot for the rest of your life. You kind of have to decide where's the pain points which you face and then start solving them and don't don't think you're going to solve them in six months or a year or two years. I mean this is my fifth year building it and it's only now that I feel that listen we understand what we're trying to do. We understand that when I first spoke to you Brian my app that's my business. No way. Now it's not my business anymore. It's part of the business. However, I I saw okay actually more to the whole recruitment thing. I'm I'm really trying to to solve this this issue that I have, right? And that is the whole visibility credibility influence. Part of part of the credibility and visibility is your network. So I invested in another platform that I brought into AIU. Yeah. because that that's the way to solve the networking part and again if people see it if they have seen it and they're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we don't know that's what you do. Yeah. But how do you again break through the noise? So so if someone decides to start another business you have to be in it in it for the long run because it's not easy to break you think it's easy. It's not. It's not that easy. Yeah. It's a nice segue into the the community because if you if we speak about networks like um networks in aviation have been everything because it was who you knew. You're a outgoing sort of extrovert type of guy. You got lots of mates. You've got a you've got a big network yourself. Um most pilots I'd say don't fall into that category. they rely on knowing one or two people that hopefully know 10 people and then they, you know, but your your community that you've built, you mentioned you've put a lot of effort into it and it's not I've seen it and this is no WhatsApp group. This is a proper um fully functioning uh community. Just just take us into the the community a bit. Give us some why. Why why must why must I be part of the community? Okay, so first of all, what gives our community credibility? Um the fact that every person that's in the community has been verified. Okay, you cannot be part of the community if you have not been verified. The reason for this is nowadays on WhatsApp you have these scammers that all they're doing is identity theft. Okay? So they will create this WhatsApp group and say guys um I have a job out of I don't know name any place please send your resumes listen you'll be shocked to see what people sent nowadays um in an email I mean if I put out a job ad then I get the guy's passport I get their visas I get everything right and the job doesn't even exist not mine my jobs exist the scammers jobs doesn't exist so if you're part of my community. I kind of reduce the risk of that happening. It cannot happen. Part one. Part two of it is it's only pilots and flight attendants that's in there apart from our partners now which we'll get to in a second. Okay. Um so whoever you are talking to is in aviation. Okay. Now you are building a online kind of network first. But I don't believe a network is online. I say, "Yes, it is. I I I might know of you, but you're not in my network." What is the real function of a network? A network is when someone mentions your name in a room, you are not present. Okay, that's a network. Why are they mentioning your name? It's because they know you. They know your circumstances. They know if this job would be working for you or not. So I said okay let's start it online but then we have to give the guys the ability to go offline with it. So the second you travel let's say to Dubai in the community there's a tab or there's a space called connect with crew near you can go onto that tab and say guys I'm in Dubai for the next 5 days anybody wants to meet up for a drink. Now the next question is okay I want to do it but I don't want to share my number because how are we going to do this? I don't want to share everything in the chat. Well there's an option in the comm community to start a DM conversation with a person. Now you are actually meeting new people offline in a safe way. Okay. And building your actual network. And you can do this with most countries. All I need to do is add a new country if there's one that I see there's a need for. So that's the one part. Second, safe way you say is key there because it's it's a general interest thing. It's your profession and you wouldn't have got on there had you not been verified. Exactly. Okay. Exactly. Then I looked at the typical conversations that's happening on different WhatsApp groups and I'm taking flight attendants into account as well. Okay. um they talk about catering. Where do I find caterers? Where do I do this? Where do I do this training and and okay so what I have done is I I I approached some of the leaders in that field and I asked them would you like to be part of this community and they looked at it. We had a few conversations and they said, "Yes, we are now part of this community." Which means by by you being in our community, you have access to people that you would not have access to if you're not part of the community. Okay? And these are international people. Some of them in Switzerland, some of them are in Dubai, some of them are in the US. So through my network, I'm actually helping you building your own network. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. and and and and these days uh we need that. I mean uh that's why we use things like LinkedIn and all that is to to expand our our networks. It's about about what you know, right? Can we get into some uh nittygritty things here? You pulled something up earlier. You you showed me. Let's uh let's jump on and actually let's show people what it looks like. And you know, it's a it's a world-class platform. It's uh it's neat, it's clean, it's got uh everything on it that you would that you would expect. Mhm. The you know, including this uh this community, which which hasn't always been there. It's a sort of I think something that is like you say developed that that's become the business. Yeah. But um yeah, if if we can uh if we can bring something up here to to show people or at least what you would like to show. Yeah. Yeah. So, first I'm I'm going to show you depending on the time. Um I'll show you two two um searches. Um I'll show you one flight attendant search and one pilot search. Okay? They quite different from uh one another, but the flight attendant search is a much quicker process, a lot less filters and I can actually show you how the filter reduces crew and then we'll go into the pilot one to show you what type of filters we or what type of filters we have so that you know why I'm asking the questions I'm asking from your setup. So um the sharing of screens is always uh even on a team's meeting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the right screen up here. Yeah. I don't want to go through a wrong one. The the wrong tab. Oh yeah. that it's only for research purposes that I that that tab is open. Okay. So this is what the recruiter would see. Okay. So I'm now a recruiter and like I said anybody has access to that. Even a chief pilot of the smallest company have access to to this. Okay. So first thing instead of putting placing an ad on LinkedIn or WhatsApp or whatever they'll go to recruit. So let's say we are looking for a flight attendant to do a flight tomorrow out of Dubai. Okay. And the flight will go to Europe. So we ask them do you want a pilot or do you want a flight attendant? So they say we want a flight attendant. And this is where the filters start. So the first filter we have is is it a permanent position or a freelance. So this will be a freelance position. The date will be from tomorrow. So the 31st until the 2nd. Why do we ask this? Because on the other side, on the pilot or the flight attendant side, they have their own calendars, which means they can block off the days that they are not available. Which means if one of your unavailable dates fall within this time range or date range, then you won't show up to the recruiter, which means we don't waste your time or their time. Okay? Then operation type, let's say it's a private uh private 91 operator. Job region will be out of Asia and the United Arab Emirates. Okay. And then availability should be immediately. These are the minimum filters. But now we can go a little bit deeper. If we say we want someone at the specific airport, why did we do that? Because the flight might leave in 3 hours. Let's say the flight leaves in 3 hours out of Cape Town. Then I don't want someone in Joberg or anywhere else. I want someone in Cape Town and that's why we had the option to include the airport so that we find crew around the airport for the company. Okay. So now we go search and this is what a typical table of a recruiter would look like. They'll put a job ad out and they will be bombarded with resumes. Okay. So some of them might be in the US, okay, or Europe. We said it needs the flight attendant needs to be in Dubai. So now we go location specific on and we go search and now it filtered out everybody who's not in Dubai. So these are all Dubai based flight attendants. Then we can say actually we are looking for someone with a European passport because we are going to Europe. So we go search and now we are left with six flight attendants. Now the company might say okay I have the six but the owner is Spanish speaking so we are looking for a Spanish speaking flight attendant. We go search and now we are left with two flight attendants which means we went from 600 rums to two rums by using filters. Okay. And you can use any filter that is suitable to your position. So if you don't use it, we say well then we'll consider everybody who um yeah we will consider anything. If you specify something, we we obviously consider the the selected. Now you can see we said we are looking we are taking safety um um quite seriously. So you can't see the flight attendant's name, but you can see she's been verified by looking at the verification. If you look at this flight attendant, you you can you can't see her name, but she she's also not verified. Okay. So, Maris, why would she not be verified? What's what's happened that she is not verified? She just does didn't pay the money and she didn't fill in. Um, so, okay, let's talk. Okay, let's take a step back. Um, if you want just your resume on the platform, it's free. If you want access to the community and verification, there's a cost of $50 to that. Okay, that means um we will take you through the verification and you'll get the badge. I don't know why she's not verified. Maybe she didn't want to spend $50 or she doesn't know about the verification. Um but now it's quite hard not to miss it or to miss it because we actually prompt you for it uh once after you have set it up to and obviously here we seeing the value of being verified because if I was this recruiter uh no doubt I'd be taking the candidate there on the left even though uh she's got six years less experience than the one on the right simply because she's verified. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If I go one step back and we search and we took out um uh the language, you'll see that all the verified crew are popping up first and all the unverified crew is below them. So by being verified, you're also being um pushed to the top of the of the of the pile. Another thing that you'll notice is some of these flight attendants have this little book next to them. Okay. Um, that means if I'm the company and I've paid for a profile already, okay, I don't want to pay for them again. Okay. So now we have the option to add them into our crew list which they are now for being they are now part of this company. So every time the pilot or the flight attendant updates any documents, the documents on the company side is updated automatically. So the company won't ask you, please send me your new license, please send me this, please send me that because they have it already. Yeah. So one step back there for me. So obviously the recruiter, how are you com you? Obviously we got we got flight crew here or cabin crew. How are you connected to the to the recruiter? Are they also paying? I suppose they the ones that need the crew. So they the ones essentially that need you the most. Yes. So, um I'm just going to stop share for a second and I'll talk to you about that. So, the way the payments work is for the recruiter now the company they can subscribe 100% for free. They can run a search for free. Okay, I'm not charging for that. If they find someone, okay, then they have the option to engage with them. Okay, by looking at their resumes, I want to engage with these two or three flight attendants. We are charging $50 per engagement. Okay? So the second you press the button engage or send request, we are taking one token. One token equals $50. If the flight attendant sees, uh, I'm not interested in this company. And they decline before any data was shared. They get the token back immediately and they can reuse it on someone else, which means the company has zero risk. Um, they search for free and they engage. They only pay once they actually find a candidate they can talk to. Okay. Now, people said to me, "But companies are used to pay $500 to $1,000 per candidate. Why are you 50?" Okay. I said, "I hear that, but here's the thing. I want to give the company the best chance to find the suitable candidate for their operation, and I want to give as many crew the option to interview with the company." Okay. So, let's say the budget is $500 to fill the position. That means the company can engage with 10 different flight attendants to fill their position. Yeah, that's the first thing. The second thing is they're not losing the crew that they already paid for. They can now put them into their crew list. Okay. And from there, everything is managed for them. Okay. So, is that answering your question for the flight attendants? They can subscribe for free. Okay. No cost, fill in everything and find a job. Yeah. By not paying one cent. Okay. Yeah. It's only if you want to be verified and you want us to help you build your network. You want you want us to help you with the with interviews, all of those type of things. Then there's a cost for $50 for flight attendants and $70 for pilots. And is that once off? Is that just a per year? Well, that's that's uh that's a pretty good deal. I mean, it's a half a day per DM. Yeah. But but not even that. I mean, we we paying, you know, for each bloody AI, you know, large language model. You're paying 20 bucks for the plus version there or $20 for that one. And it's per month and that one's 27. And yeah, so that's that's not not bad at all. And it's for your money. Listen listen. I said if we can find you one job in 10 years. Okay. Yeah. What did you spend? $500, you make that back on your first job. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's like it's it's it's really a no-brainer. So, if if someone really they don't have cash, which if you are if you are starting out as a pilot and you don't have $50, I don't think you're going to get your PPL, okay? Because that's expensive nowadays. Um, so if someone says it's too expensive, okay, then I can't help you because I can't go cheaper because I pay for everything that I'm doing at the moment. So yeah. Yeah, you you pay for quality. And in a in a lot of ways with something like this, I I want to pay for it. I want to know that the product that I'm that I'm getting here is uh of high value. And unfortunately, you're just not going to get that through a free product. Yeah, for sure. No. No. Because where's the support? There's no support. No. Imagine I have to tell the developers, listen, you need to make all these changes. They're like, okay, but it's costing us money. It's a resource. It's it's six or seven guys that's developing who's paying their salaries. Yeah. Um just do it for free. Why? It's not going to happen. Right. But even you you don't want it for free. You want to know that you're paying these guys so it's they're going to get it right, you know. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. So let's go back to the uh screen. Yeah. Bring it on. So now you have um you have engaged or you're going to engage. So the way you engage, you go view profile and you can see what documents these um flight attendants uploaded. I can see what passports, what visas. So remember I said that we keep your documents safe. So even the company can't click on these documents. It won't show them anything. It will just tell them listen you have this. Okay. And also we don't share your name. Now we want to engage with the crew. So, I'm going to send this flight attendant request. And now the company will see when once they go to engagements, they'll see that there was one one engagement sent or one candidate was selected for this particular job. No one accepted, no one declined. If they click on it, you'll see that we still keep all your all of your data private up to the point when the crew says, "Listen, I'm happy with the company. I'm going to engage with them." And then only we open up your name, number and email. Our job is done. You are talking to the company and what happens from there is between you and the company. We're not involved in Yeah. So that's that's the process for flight attendants. Pilots, a similar similar process. If we go to recruit, obviously just more more sort of filters along the way. Just a lot more filters. Um here we go to license type medical class. When did when last did you do your recurrent wasn't in the last 6 months, 3 months, 9 months, 12 months? English proficiency. Okay. Uh passports, visas, um total time. So how many PIC total hours, PIC on type, um yeah, take off and landings. These are all things that either going to give you the job or it's going to disqualify you. And the more filter the companies use, the more accurate the search becomes. Um the disqualification of a job is as big of a thing as the getting the job because how many times people go through this rigma roll of a process. Um Ryan and I did it with Air Japan at some point and it was like honestly I don't want this job before it even got to the end because it was such a story and then you get to the last phase it's like oh no sorry uh you you don't qualify because of something random you know maybe you don't have a yellow fever certificate or something stupid you know so you go through all this time that you've wasted and now you don't uh you know Yeah. Yeah. It's I I had this call with a pilot just now, just before we had a call. Um I'm looking for crew in Dubai for a for a company and I know this guy. He qualifies 100%. But it's not what he wants, right? And I ran a search and his name didn't come up. I thought, let me just call him, okay? Because I know his situation. I'm like, hey, um this job is available, right? Can I match you with can I link you guys? Like you're like, tell me. I said, "You're mad. You You like perfect except with this thing." He says, "No, I don't want it." I'm like, "Perfect. The system works. It ticked you out, but because I know you, I'm just going to ask you the question anyway." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. No, I love it, Meritt. I really do. Uh I did when you first pitched me the idea still today. I think it's uh I think it's worldclass. I think it's a a wonderful thing that pilots can use to transcend their value. Bel uh beyond the the dayto-day and you know what you know what interests me so much there is you know when you were doing the flight attendant demo you this was you were looking at like four five days sort of window for an opportunity to do a job now for me that is like the ultraodern way to do stuff I've got a skill set I'm not doing anything for the next five days I want to earn some money using my skill set for the next five days boom and and and off you go. And sometimes you're going to get lucky, sometimes you're not. But obviously with this, I suppose the more the recruiters see the value. Um and then the the users obviously start getting offered more and more and more. Gez, how did you get that position? Well, through a VIXU, you know, then it's going to it's going to snow. We we have this chicken egg scenario, right? Where every company I pitched, they said 100% we're going to use you. Okay, where's the crew? Like if you are there, they come. And the crew is like, but if they are there, I will come. So, who do you get first? You know, so and that's why I said to the crew, just upload your resumes. It's for free. Okay? If you don't want to verify it, you don't want the risk. Just go through the process, upload everything. The companies will come. I have my connections. I'm I am connecting with companies every single day. just do your part, okay? I can't do anything without you. Um, yeah. Can I show you the our WhatsApp version of community building? Yeah, pull that up. Pull that up. Um, so this is our our network. Okay. So, you have your feed up there. So, there's a bed strike happened a few years ago. Um, one of my friends boss of Can you edit that out, please? Don't It's saying it's raw, bro. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay. Okay. He had a bird strike. Not a Morsy, right? So, we had a little bit of conversation. I posted this. Um, then people can comment on it. Um, someone else commented uh aircraft that went through hail. So, yeah, that's that. Um, someone posted a sunrise. Okay, I posted there's some silver service uh plating skills that some of the flight attendants have. Yeah, that's a big thing I see on the flight attendant side. Something I wouldn't have even thought of the whole the service side. It's not just uh coffee or tea. It goes a bit deeper. Of course. Of course. So, then we have on our left the main the main chats. Okay. Or the main spaces. So if there's an announcement um I'll announce it on here. I usually try and do it either in a video format. It will give me more confidence later in my life I believe to speak to people and yeah um this is a new pilot who's now part of the team. She's helping the crew with setups. So as we grow I sign up new people. She's actively flying still. Um yeah. Then if there's any questions ask it in Mods and the team. Okay. because one of us will be able to answer it. If it's something where I need to share my screen, um I would do that in a video format and then yeah help the crew by nailing their setups through this space. If there's any events that we have, we'll post events VIP lounge. I'm busy with um so no one will see that. Then there's the main group, the main space which is the global community. Here we ask the people to introduce themselves because obviously we want to know each other. Okay? So someone might say um like who's in Poland? Someone is in Poland here. I I can't remember who's that. Here's one from Sweden. So let's say let's say someone is looking for a Swedish flight attendant. And they're in the community. They don't even have to advertise. They can go directly to her name, click on message. So click on her name, go to message and reach out to them directly, right? Um then we have networking tips. So I post some on networking tips there. Um challenge and response is just normal conversations about certain topics that I think is important. Uh connect with crew near you. This is where I found that we can take the online offline. So if you go to Dubai for example, you can click on Dubai and here I said hi everyone who's free on Saturday. Um um I'm thinking of going for lunch blah blah blah. Someone replied, "They might be available." Here, I made a joke. Listen, pilots don't really work. So, it's a bunch of pilots chilling on the beach. So, yeah, we really take the community, I think, to a next level using using this platform. Yeah, they haven't on the platform. It's a it's a real nice Yeah. We um have the catering in here. So, we partnered up with Delhi Sky. So you have direct access to Delhi Sky whether it is going to the website the registration LinkedIn Instagram all the tabs up there. If you want to ask them something you just go start post it in there and they will come back to you. If you want to ask the crew about certain recommendations so you are going to let's say uh Echo Delta Delta Bravo. Okay, you can use Berlin. You can use Roxan's company. Okay, she's also amazing. But now, let's say there's a thousand different companies in here already or airports. Okay, I asked the crew to do the um to upload it in this format. Okay, it's like Lima Fox Bravo Zulu or where's the one you just saw? Echo Delta Delta Bravo. Which means now you can go just to go to search Echo Delta Delta Bravo and it will bring up all the conversations regarding that specific airport and then you can filter it further to go to space and say actually I only want to see catering um this the catering recommendations and now you see the caterers available for that airport um that's on the platform. Yeah. Yeah, I love it. Um so that takes it away. Then partners, we have a partnership with dynamic and interwin um aviation. So if you go under dynamic, you can go to the website, Instagram, LinkedIn there, read up on them, watch a video, uh talk directly to them if you uh would like. So yeah, we're just honestly connecting you with with industry experts. Yeah. And hopefully we'll get you on there soon. Yeah. for sure. No, no, I'm uh I'm I'll by this afternoon I'm going to be on your uh community. So, if you want to Amazing chat me up on there, feel feel free. Morris, I want to take you away from Avixu for 30 seconds and ask you a question. You're an entrepreneur, you're a business leader, you're someone uh when I think of someone in the aviation recruiting space, certainly your name uh pops into my head. What tech or tool or you know software besides a VIXU are you using right now that you find has been able to amplify your impact the most GPT 100%. Okay. Where Chad GBT if you look at Chad GBT 5 years ago versus what it's capable of doing now again you touched on prompts earlier. Okay. There's a certain way to use it. Obviously, you can't just use it blindly. Um, I think there's a lot of courses, good courses on how to use it. I think that changes um or or that um yeah, that that has a massive impact. The function that I use the most on it is the deep search function. So, you tell it, listen, I'm doing research on this. Please pull up any data that has X, Y, and Zed, and give me a summary or whatever the case might be. Okay? and it will do exactly that. So essentially it's doing what I would have done which would have taken me few three or four days. It's doing 20 minutes and now I can continue with what I need to do. So that and then Loom I also like using Loom. The reason for that is it's a video software. So it's it's videos you can do your video on there. It takes out all the M's and the R's and um you can speed up a little bit like it makes it quite nice and then you just share the link. You don't have to upload big files anyway. You just share the link, people can watch the video and that's it. Yeah. Yeah. So again, both those things that you mentioned have a lot to do with uh time time savings that you can actually do the stuff that you that you're trying to do. I mean chat GPT like you said you can do deep research. would have taken you a week to a month to get that information. You're now getting that information in just as good quality almost immediate. Sometimes it takes uh you know 10 minutes or so to produce and then like you say with the sharing of videos now you're sharing a link because maybe it saves you you know five 10 minutes a video but if you're making lots of videos that that adds up and if you can be if you can be pedantic about your time like I'm not going to waste a second then you have to do things like that and it ends up becoming a bit of a you get momentum you start doing everything that way you start thinking how am I saving time how am transcending this time into space. So yeah, merits there's a little bit of a trap I would say with JPT as well. It gives you this false sense of it knows everything and it's like accurate or whatever. Nothing beats the human conversation. So if I have to think of something new that I want to implement, JP is not the one that's going to give you that, right? Because you have to get different opinions because especially in aviation we are all from different countries, different um um what's the word? Not nationalities. Um say again cultures. Yeah, cultures. That's a word. So if you just use GBT, he knows your tone, your kind of background and it gives you what you what it thinks you wants to hear. Yeah. Yeah, it's not the way. Speak to different people and uh yeah, create your product from from where I'm encouraging people to that aren't using it to use it is just to start a conversation. Um a lot of us, you know, we don't like talking, so we we keep everything inside. We have these grand ideas of things that we want to do. We're not quite sure what they are. We can't quite articulate them. Well, nothing quite like having a a chat. And and bearing in mind, you don't have to type it in anymore. You can actually and just talk and you can have this conversation that you don't need to be shy about because you're talking to a AI and it might just prompt one little idea, one little spark that hey, this is an opportunity and I can run with it and uh it it might just change your whole life. So, I'm glad that you you chose that as a as a point. Uh, Morris, where can people find you? I mean, uh, if if you don't know where to find a VIXU, then I don't know what rock you've been living under, but where where do you want people to connect initially? Yeah. So, obviously our website, which is www.avixu.com. Um, and then my personal email. Like I said, I I don't have 600,000 emails a day at the moment. I I am lucky enough to to respond to every single email. So that's just my name modsovix.com and yeah I think once we are connected and LinkedIn of course as well. Um if you can link me hook me up on LinkedIn. Yeah any of those places I'll respond within a day or two depending on my flying schedule. We I we just spoke this morning and I said listen I'm open. I'm not going anywhere. And just before the call, I told you, listen, I'm on my way to Dubai tonight. So you like, yeah, just give me a few days. If um if I don't respond, I will respond. Uh and then yeah, we can take it from there. Thanks, Paul. It's been awesome chatting to you. Uh always end up leaving a conversation with Moritz feeling um energetic. you've got a you've got a way of uh transferring your high energy optimism and your your ambition for things across. So, it's it's always nice to chat to you and no doubt we'll have you on again very soon. Thanks for the opportunity, Brian. Thank you. I really appreciate it. Bye for now. Cheers, mate. Well, I hope you enjoyed that episode with Meritz. Uh yeah, I certainly did. I think it's a wonderful opportunity for anyone out there that is uh looking to expand their horizons a bit and see what else uh the world has to offer. It's a wonderful time to be in any industry and no more so than an aviation. Uh the world really is open to you. I hope you uh we'll be back soon. If you know anyone that you think might enjoy this episode, please share it along and uh subscribe, thumbs up as per usual. Thanks for your support. Bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marcelsmit_rsa [2 likes]: How much does 2 hours completing a profile completely really cost a person, if they are truly looking for better opportunities they will spend the time. I bet they will easily dead scroll social media for 2 - 3 hours. 
I architected a system related to financial assistance, we have found that 55% of applicants abandon the application when they have to upload their related documentation for verification.
Well done Mauritz!! You are not only a game changer for recruitment in the aviation industry but for all other industries
  2. @aviation4sa532 [2 likes]: Great show. Well done to Mauritz for creating a well needed app. Avixoo.
  3. @carokoll [1 likes]: Outstanding work Mauritz! I’m definitely going to spend the two hours 😊👍🏼
  4. @franzsmit9832 [1 likes]: Hands down the best aviation recruitment product I've seen. Smash it!