- Lesson 16 | Federal Aviation Regulations: Part 1, Part 61 and 91 | Private Pilot Ground School: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign I assume number two oh my God all right f-a-r-a-i-m what do I got there Federal Aviation regulations that's kind of the slang word for calling it for the uh title 14 code of federal regulations all right and then aim is the aeronautical information manual includes a lot of information that's useful to Pilots not necessarily regulations but certain things like how do I communicate with ATC what's the standard phraseology if I have a minimum fuel condition I think we all remember that flight that was coming up from Columbia where they're Landing in the uh Northeast or landing at JFK they never told anybody they were out of fuel they said oh we gotta we don't have a lot of fuel on board they never use the word minimum fuel guess what they did they crashed they ran out of fuel and crashed so how do I talk to ATC what's the right words to use all that information included in the aim okay tonight all we're going to talk about Federal Aviation regulations okay part one real quick abbreviations and definitions part 61 how do I earn my certification part 91 General operating rules and we're going to just touch on the national Transportation safety board 8 30. the NTSB part 8 30. it's only four or five pages long but what do I do and how do I behave how am I expected to behave if I have an accident if I have an incident if I experience or know of an airplane that's overdue or maybe is involved in an accident okay all right cool so let's get through this thing section A title 14 code of federal regulations part 1 and part 61. now part 61 is how I earn my certificate part 91 these are all the rules that I have to abide by while I'm earning my certificate and then also after I earn my certificate so you'll hear pilots and you'll hear flight instructors say 61 is how you earn it 91 is how you lose it okay that's exactly true okay abbreviations and definitions what is night time boy oh boy who thought it would be so hard we haven't gone over any of this stuff yet so I'm going to tell it to you night time is sunset to Sunrise for that switch on the dashboard on a panel that tells me when to turn on my position lights okay Sunset click turn them on Sunrise click turn them off it does it's not an hour after an hour before any of that other mess a definition of nighttime true night times Well when it's dark outside so the end of evening Civil Twilight is what that time is called to the beginning of morning Civil Twilight where the sun is completely gone over the horizon to where the sun barely starts to Peak up in the next morning and then for logging flight time this one we did talk about if I want to fly at nighttime carrying passengers what do I have to do well three takeoffs and landings within how many days 90 days within 90 days and if it's a nighttime flight those have to be completed an hour after Sunset to an hour before sunrise and that's when I can carry passengers so carrying pastures is the hour after hour before when the lights go on the position lights Sunset to Sunrise and when it's actually night time that's some logging light or that's when I'm logging nighttime and that's when it's actually dark out okay I promise that's one of the most confusing ones that we do and I don't know why Whoever thought there needed to be three different definitions a night okay uh certification this is the far aim Jepson makes it ASA makes it there's a lot of different places that make it they'll sell it to you it has a Federal Aviation regulations most of the well most of the pertinent parts that you'll know and need to know as a commercial pilot and then it has the aeronautical information manual and a pilot controller glossary so they conveniently package three different documents all in one all of this stuff is available online and quite frankly I I I don't buy these books the last one I bought probably said now in 1990 on it or 1991 because now I just look online that's where the most current information is and it doesn't charge me at all to look for it right so there's ways to do this you might want to get one so you can tab it and you highlight it and read it and take it with you whatever but I encourage you to look at it online as well all right part 61 this shows me again how do I earn my certificate and what's my recency requirements so on a flight review for instance if I want to find this it's all listed in the beginning by part so I'll find the part that says 61 and then I'll go to that part and read the exact part of that information that I need it's all listed in the table of contents very time consuming unless you go to the index or unless you use Google okay so a few different ways to do this let's talk about some of the more common uh regulations requirements for certificates and authorizations so if I'm flying an airplane it is required that I have three things on me at least we saw this on the quiz it didn't miss one of them I thought that was kind of cool a little trick question there but the other two answers were definitely wrong I have to have my pilot certificate we got three people now they have pilot certificates okay I have to have that pilot certificate I have to have a current Medical and I have to have a photo ID gotta carry those three things for me to be pilot in command okay all right it was no I think it's good medical certificates let's talk about that uh medical experience oh shoot hang on a minute medical certificate medical certificate must present it to the inspector so I'm sorry if you were to get a ramp check kind of carry on for this 61.3 if an FAA inspector comes up to you and wants to ramp check I I I did Breeze past this one because I've been ramp checked twice in 29 years okay so it's not likely to happen to you but if they do it's an NTSB inspector uh or authorized representative the FAA inspector any federal state local law enforcement officer or representation of TSA you just have to present it to them you don't have to hand it to them necessarily they're going to want to take a picture of it the only two times I've ever been they want to take pictures of it but that's fine just uh you're required to present that information you can't tell them no okay for medicals we did this yesterday if I get a Class one medical now I'm over 40 years old I get a Class one medical right now today it's February 17 2020. on February 28th of 2021 what class medical certificate do I have because first does the ink change on the paper it's still a first class Medical right okay what privileges can I exercise though well it's 12 months away I can only exercise privileges of a commercial pilot right can I fly Private Pilot okay I'm just kind of making this one clear real quick if I need to exercise a class one medical privilege that means that I'm flying something that requires an ATP if I need to fly something that requires uh a Class 2 medical certificate then I'm getting paid for the flight I'm I'm a commercial operator if I just want to fly and nobody's paying me for this and I'm not flying anything that requires an ATP certificate then I only need Third Class Medical okay all right so under 40 you can see you're good out to 60 months and then class one class two it's all good for a year over 40 you're good for two years 24 calendar months and then class one is only valid for six months and then I get that class two for the full year uh basic Med what did I say basic Med was somebody that's going to have some restrictions on their their flying uh privileges like they can't do anything for hire they can't fly above certain altitudes 18 000 feet they can't fly faster than 250 I don't need to know this information okay I need to know that basic Med exists I'm going to tell you that basic Med exists I don't expect you and no one expects you to know and memorize what the qualifications are you know why because you have a third class medical or a first class or second class medical whatever it is you're going to show up you're going to have that so that you can solo the airplane okay and so you can earn your pilot certificate but there is a way for me to maintain that flying privilege if I want to after I get older and I don't want to continue to go to an AME or aeronaut or Airman medical examiner okay type ratings what kind of airplanes need type ratings okay what kind of way how much okay so we're starting there we go which one is it 12 or 12 5. 12 500 pounds okay maximum gross weight why do they call it gross weight is it gross disgusting ugly no it's just I don't know why they just did you know they call it gross weight it means maximum okay or what else what else means that I need to have a type rating for the airplane not just wait Turbo Jet right not turbo prop I don't need a typewriting for a turboprop airplane I need one for turbo jet airplanes okay and then each different type of airplane I'll have a type rating for it just because I can fly a Boeing 727 doesn't mean I can fly Boeing triple seven all right I gotta have a type rating for each type uh high performance airplane so not talking about just type ratings but couple of different things this airplane looks like it's complex I'll tell you that it is complex you need to have a new authorization to fly that who does that authorization for you flight instructor who does the typewriting yeah only a designated examiner so this is a new rating on your certificate this is a flight instructor teaching you how to do it teaching you how to do it ground and Flight Training and then signing your book done okay same thing with high performance airplanes how much horsepower makes this high performance well how much more than 200. we have an airplane in the hangar looks just like this one has 200 horsepower it's not high performance all right uh we got high performance airplanes received in log one type endorsement that's great glider and Tower anybody can choke liners let's just talk through it real quick and we're done all right you can't act as pilot command of an aircraft or a glider unless you hold a private Pilots took it you need at least you can't be a student pilot it has to be Private Pilot and at least a hundred hours pilot command and aircraft category class and type pilot in command in airplanes single engine land whatever the category classic type is and the pilot well if the glider uh within the preceding 12 months made at least three actual or simulated toes of a glider when accompanied by a qualified pilot who cares I don't know bless you I don't I don't care anything about that right I've never told anybody on the glider I'd like flag gliders one point in time you flown gliders were they towed or did you uh launch it off of something they were they towed him up okay well for that you were the glider pilot you weren't the pilot flying this thing or pulling the glider did you do any Towing on it you did Towing as well or did you tow the eagle liner while it was going up so you got it on your Russian license okay so certainly I mean like I said I would like to I'd like to fly gliders but this is not really good information from your valuable information to me I don't know why they continue to put this in the programs but they do okay flight review when do I need a flight review well it's written up there when I need a flight review does that mean my pilot certificate expires after 24 calendar months no what if I haven't flown in six years I need a flight review yeah because I haven't had one in the past 24 calendar months so I need one what does it consist of as a minimum one hour ground a one hour flight that's a minimum that I have to have for that flight review okay so if the flight instructor puts it we flew for 0.9 it's not a good flight review it doesn't count log book endorsement it has to have that right or there's something else you can do you can earn another certificate or another rating because if you earn if you earn your instrument rating now you got 24 months from that and then you earn your commercial pilot certificate now you got 24 months from that you could also participate in the FAA Wings program anyone participate in that yet it's on f-a-a-s-t so the FAA safety team you can log in you do a couple online segments you take a few flights with a flight instructor and then you earn phases of wings I participate in the program I have a couple of different phases of wings and when you guys get there if you want to participate I'll be more than happy to help you go along and participate in the wings program it's just a safety program that they're trying to encourage uh Pilots to continue their education after the certificate pilot in command I'm gonna carry passengers what do I need um here what what do I need three Landings so what if I want to carry passengers at night okay I only need to land I don't need to take off somebody else can take off okay yes yes you're getting a taste of what these rules are like all right so three takeoffs and three Landings is there anything else with this yes type if required but category in class so if I do an airplane single engine land well that doesn't mean I can carry passengers now in our airplane multi-engine land so if you're single engine and multi-engine land rated you got any three in this three in that so I did my knight takeoffs and landings are there any res or any kind of special takeoffs and landings that these need to be full stop I cannot do a touch and go now I do my I do all my night takeoffs and landings to a Full Stop can I now carry passengers at the daytime in that same airplane category class or type if required oh no I didn't fly in the daytime it has to be night time right that now something else I want to fly a tail dragger right conventional landing gear airplane I've never flown one before in my life but my friend has one and I'm gonna go fly it can I do that look who does the endorsement instructor okay what and do I have any requirements before I carry passengers in this thing in the tail dragger three takeoffs and Landings in the tail dragger in that category in class and these have to be to a full stop okay enjoy the lovely life of legal interpretation feel my pain for a moment I could only imagine you know I think it's everywhere but here's the thing it does not say that exactly so you're right but let's think for a moment if for whatever reason again we're going to come up with this could happen not likely but this could happen for whatever reason if I would have had an accident or a crash or whatever how how nice would it be for me to show up to the inspector and at least say I have my three takeoffs and landings let's talk about something silly that happened here I I had a tire that went flat and and it caused me to come off the Runway a little bit it was at night time people saw it it got reported and now I'm standing in front of you and it was just a flat tire I'm sorry but if I didn't have my three takeoffs and Landings he's going to say my friend you are busted you just didn't have it you know so don't give them that opportunity to take it from you yeah I'm with you it doesn't say it up there but I still I day and night separated category and class separated type rating separated conventional landing gear separated I fly all this stuff so I'm I'm constantly making sure I keep up with all of it you have to look it says unless that person has made three takeoffs and landings as uh well that's only part of the rule it says you have to log it as well yeah you can't say oh yeah I remember doing that it doesn't work because then nobody would do it okay change of address oh no hang on didn't we do yeah we already did tail will and that's 90 days that's not calendar months so start on this day and count 90. and then that's you don't get to the end of the month on this okay change of address I'm moving where am I going now uh I have to advise the FAA where I am within 30 days and that is you have to advise them of where you are so if you have a post box wait we have Post Office boxes and they deliver mail to them then I can drive to the post office and I can check my mail you have to actually tell the FAA where you are so if they want to come find you they can come find you that's the idea okay and if you change your address 30 days okay all right Private Pilot privileges no person who holds Private Pilot may act as pilot command carrying passengers compensation or hire nor may you pay less than the pro rata share of the operation expenses of a flight with passengers this one's fun who's gonna who is ambitious and trying to get their commercial pilot certificates soon got a couple right okay so you earn your Private Pilot and you earn your instrument rating guess what you don't have 250 hours yet so Pilots usually do this thing called time building or something that I call get really bad habits and forget how to fly and forget everything that you learned okay and during this next 120 hours they usually pile as many people in this thing as they can and fly all over the place well you cannot charge anybody for that flight and you have to pay your fair share okay so if two of you you pay exactly half three of you you can pay a third whatever okay sure one percent mind and 99 no half prorator means exactly half yep yep so yeah well hey uh so news alert getting to 250 is only the beginning because going from 250 to 1500 that's really weird and even then it gets worse all right guess what that's part 61. woo I told you we're gonna cruise through this thing this is gonna be nice part 91 and NTSB 8 30. I have a couple slides all right we're gonna get through this looks similar now look at this guy that is just a stone face pilot isn't it looks like he has to poop all right uh pylon command General operating rules all these things we're going to study this stuff let's go pilot command responsibility authority of the pilot command there it is remember this one by name 91.3 pilot command of the aircraft directly responsible for is the final Authority as to the operation of that aircraft okay it it cannot be stated in there is no room for interpretation here you are the absolute Alpha through Omega here you are it okay and let's take a look here states of the pilot Commander aircraft directly responsible for blah blah in an in-flight emergency that requires immediate action the pilot and command May deviate from any rule to the extent required to meet that emergency now if I deviate I might upon request of the administrator send a written report of that deviation I'm looking at this thinking that this Pilot's probably going to have a little bit of a written report to make because how did you get here in the first place unless there was a serious leak that happened because a bird crashed into the wing that you didn't see and it hold it gaped open a hole and there was nowhere for you to land you might be in trouble for taking off with not enough fuel so I like what they did it seems like a you know a place that would require an emergency but start thinking also did I cause this emergency you know plan for this stuff so you're not there I could have come up with a better emergency like an airplane on fire okay I've had a couple airplanes cats on fire okay so not a lot not a lot two of them but uh it's a long time of flying for Just Two airplanes catch on fire okay civil aircraft airworthiness so the authority can no person may operate civil aircraft unless it's in an air-worthy condition this places the full burden on the pilot the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining whether the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight and you must discontinue the flight when the unair worthy mechanical electric or structural conditions occur you are the only one that's responsible to make sure that this thing is ready to fly you could ask help you could ask mechanics you could I like I say before you know and before you're familiar with before you have the experience make sure you're asking somebody but if you have any question if this thing's air worthy I'll tell you one that gets people all the time and that is inside remember these are these uh engines are air cooled so there's like a little opening on either side of this propeller inside that opening on if I were to have an airplane sitting here in this opening we're here inside that opening there's a little screw that connects the top part and the bottom part so in other words this one probably has the screws missing because it keeps falling off on me but there would be a screw right here on either side that's supposed to hold this thing down there are other screws or screws all the way across here all the way across the top and everything if any of those screws are missing do I have an airplane in an airworthy condition I don't but you I'll be I'm surprised all the time Pilots get out there and then they do something even worse let me tell you what they do even worse you know so they're flying with the instructor uh Luke and Luke's been flying with them for three four five six days I go out to fly with them okay good they do their pre-flight all right you ready to go uh what about that screw uh oh yeah Luke said that was fine come on let's go oh man no it's not fun if there are screws missing from the airplane don't fly it all right so anyways all right um here we go dropping objects you see my guy right here this looks like Pablo Escobar dropping cocaine no it's not I don't know why Jepson put that dumb picture in there okay it's killing my Latin American Community all right no they actually do something in America and it's kind of it's fun and they they uh the Civil Air Patrol gets involved in this and they they fill little bags with flour it's not cocaine okay it's not the coca leaf they fill it with flour and they drop it out of the window and they try to hit Targets on the ground and it's really neat and it's exciting and it's allowed by the rules we can actually do this you just have to make sure whatever you drop out of the airplane is not gonna cause anybody else harm so I can't drop an airplane cylinder out the window on my ex-wife's house okay I can't do that but at the same time I could do this and drop something out of the airplane okay all right uh so unless you have creates a hazard person property so forth alcohol or drugs I am safe the a is the alcohol what's the rules eight hours okay eight hours bottle throttle what was the blood alcohol content 0.4 or if I feel like I should not fly obviously I don't meet the criteria to fly then but here's here's the real kicker about this alcohol rule okay the alcohol rule is it doesn't require a blood alcohol test it doesn't require a breathalyzer it doesn't require someone taking my blood the burden of proof with the FAA resides in some other reasonable person stating that you were drunk so if someone observes you and they consider that you're drunk and report you to the FAA the burden of Truth has been met and now you can be investigated and charged isn't that crazy you'd think they'd need to give you a breathalyzer no if someone says you this is like I don't know where in the world I came from but that's true so drinking pilot this is a very strict Community you can't not even take a chance on any of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @moisesgonzalez421 [34 likes]: The 3 takeoffs and landings at night to a full stop do count for the day too. So yes you can carry passengers during the daytime when doing the takeoffs and landings to a full stop at night.
  2. @differentbcm5632 [13 likes]: Man this man made me learn so much in one video
  3. @MisterTechnologic [4 likes]: Pro rata doesn't mean exactly half, it essentially means in proportion.
  4. @GregFliesVR [4 likes]: Oh no im 8 lessons behind! Thanks ill be back for this one!
  5. @enzodelia8 [3 likes]: Basicmed can now carry 6 passengers (7 total occupants) and thus operate an aircraft certified for up to 7 occupants (but no more) and operate AC up to 12,500 lbs takeoff weight, not 6,000 10:15
  6. @jeffreysmith6910 [3 likes]: Glider tow currency has been 24 months (not 12) since like 2009. 14:03
  7. @natev8030 [2 likes]: Scott is hilarious man
  8. @william_ochieng [2 likes]: Wow, really great videos. You always make my week. Thanks for the hard work you are doing.
  9. @KimWentworth-y8e [1 likes]: Yep, had screws missing. I got the mechanic to fix it. I was lucky he was able to fix it so that I could fly.
  10. @ICBOY10 [1 likes]: I want to be a pilot!
  11. @bachgiang9366 [1 likes]: Wait, so in the flight review part, if I fly at night time 3 take off and 3 landings, I can only carry passengers at night right?  and If I do the flight review in the daytime, I can carry passengers during the daytime.
  12. @tuggyboat [1 likes]: At 9:25. I agree with the medical classes explanation except you will receive compensation as a CFI/I and only require a Class III medical.
  13. @patricktatro162: he must’ve felt sheepish after that rude glider comment
  14. @FPTrades: great video, been taking notes on faa regulations in general before i buy my ground school.
  15. @user-no4vq3rm6t: 17:40 I believe this is incorrect

- DGCA CPL Air Regulations Syllabus Explained | Full Breakdown + Study Plan: Kind: captions Language: en Want to master irregulations for your CPL exams without wasting time or money? In this video, I'll break down the entire irregulation syllabus into detailed, easy to understand modules. We'll cover each topic you need to know for the exam and how to remember it. So whether you are a student pilot or just getting started, this is your ultimate guide. Let's dive in. And don't forget if you want structured guidance, mock tests and personal mentorship, check out my DVCA ground classes link in the description below. So the first module definition and abbreviation. This is your foundation. Here you'll learn standard definitions used in the aviation like what airspace means, the definition of flight visibility and abbreviations such as ATC, FIR, VFR, IFR and more. These aren't just for theory. You will learn them in real life operation. Many MCQs are directly picked from this sections. So learn and run. Next and very important module of regulations which is rules of air. This section covers all the rules every pilot must follow while flying from collision avoidance, rightway rules to light signals and formation flying. You will also cover VMC and IMC conditions. Questions often test what a pilot should do in specific scenarios. Master the logic behind each rule. Don't just memorize. Air traffic services also known as ATS. You will learn how the entire ATC system works. ATS includes flight information services, alerting services, air traffic advisory services. This helps you understand how aircrafts are managed in controlled and uncontrolled airspace. Know the difference between procedural and radar based separations. Area and approach control services. This digs deeper into how controllers assist aircraft in end route and terminal phases. It explains transfer of control, communication and overs and separation standards. This section directly ties to real life flying and practical ATC interactions. The next module is aerodyome control services. Everything that happens on ground at an airport from taxi instructions to runway clearances and big turbulence separations. These rules apply from engine start to takeoff and after landing. The next module is aeronautical information services AIS. Here you learn about NOTAMS, AIPs and how critical information is distributed to pilots. AIS ensures safe and efficient flight planning. It also includes the structure and content of aeronautical publications. Visuals for navigation. These are lights, markings, and sign boards you see on runways and taxiway. Learn about puppy lights, runway edge lights, stop bars, holding position signs and more. This helps you both in exam and real world flying. Panops standard of procedures for air navigation services, aircraft operations. It deals with instrument approach procedures, obstacle clearance limits and how these procedures are designed. You don't need to design charts but you must understand the protections areas and terminology used like prohibited areas, restricted areas and danger areas. Next comes personal licensing. This section includes requirements for CPL, PPL, ATPL licenses, medicals and type rating and instrument ratings. Know the documents required privileges for each license renewals and recency requirements. Operational procedures. What a pilot should do in specific operations like fuel dumping, arnav approaches, ETOPS, RBSM operations, engine out procedures. Questions here are logic based often using real world airlines SOP types scenarios. You'll also learn about flight duty, rest period, and duty limitations on flight crew for domestic and international operations. Special operational procedures and hazards for low visibility takeoffs to volcanic ash avoidance, bird strike procedures, emergency landing protocols and operations in contaminated runways, dangerous boots and laws guarding them. This section is vital. Expect scenario based questions. Next, communications covers radio telephoneony procedures, distress and emergency calls, readback requirement and standard phrasiology. Learn correct call sign usage, lost communication procedures and standard emergency phrases. This is also important for your RTR human performance. This is one of the most important topics in air regulations. This module covers circulatory and respiratory systems, hypoxia, hyperventilation and time of useful consciousness, the nervous system and sensory illusions, vision and earing issues, gforces and how human factors contributes to day-to-day flying and its limitations. Expect physiology based MCQs and focus on aviation relevance. Next, aircraft nationality and registration, accident and facilitation. Covers rules of how aircraft are registered and identified globally, search and rescue responsibilities and post accident protocols. Also includes rules for customs, immigration and handling of passengers, airworthiness and aviation security. Learn what makes an aircraft legally airworthy. Understand certificates of airworthiness maintenance requirements and anti-ijacking security rules under ICA NX7. National law and Indian civil aviation regulations. This is India specific. Learn about DGCA and AI airport authority of India rules. Understand Indian cars which is civil aviation requirements. The aircraft act 1934 and rules 1937. You will get three to four MCQs directly from this question. International organization and conventions covers ICAV, IATA, Chicago conventions and Tokyo, Montreal and O conventions. This regulate everything from international flights to hijacking laws. Next, ATS surveillance systems includes radar systems, ADSB, and how ATC monitors aircraft. Learn about primary and secondary transponder codes and their meanings like 750, 760, 7700. So that was a complete breakdown of DGCA CPL air regulation syllabus. Study smart. Focus on scenario- based understanding, not just memorization. Attempt quizzes weekly and revise tricky sections. If you want a structured course with the daily plans, mock quizzes, live sessions, and a personal guidance, join my DGCA ground classes link in the description below. And for free quizzes and resources to test yourself right now, check out the pin comment below. I am Sudashan from Fly with Sudashan, helping you clear DGCA exams and chase the skies. Subscribe if you are serious about becoming a commercial pilot.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoJoYte [1 likes]: bg music is too loud and distracting
  2. @FlyWithSudharshan: 🚀 Want to pass Meteorology with confidence?

✅ Join my Ground Classes — live problem solving, theory + practice, full syllabus.
📌 Register here →https://forms.gle/VPoEr3BxZTXj7EJT6

🧮 You’ll also need these tools:

1. Scientific Calculator CASIO FX-991MS → https://www.amazon.in/Casio-Non-Programmable-Scientific-Calculator-Functions/dp/B07TTGZWS1?pd_rd_w=ITE8x&content-id=amzn1.sym.4c241eba-0ce0-4f45-a17d-f017b3203e3d&pf_rd_p=4c241eba-0ce0-4f45-a17d-f017b3203e3d&pf_rd_r=P1793JDE9FDV8QBE0H3E&pd_rd_wg=gY1V7&pd_rd_r=0202d8aa-ba86-4d8d-acca-8dc0e7f7f8ac&pd_rd_i=B07TTGZWS1&ref_=pd_bap_d_grid_rp_0_23_pr_t&th=1
 
2. CX3 Flight Computer – https://online.prepware.com/cx3e/index.html  use this free version until you buy the actual one. Required for your flight training & DGCA exam.

🧠 Also grab your free DGCA Class 1 Medical Checklist and Quizzes from the description.

Let’s chase the skies together! ✈
#FlyWithSudharshan
  3. @bhoomikasingh8312: thanks sir helped a lot
  4. @kadri2767: Thanks for breaking down and explaining sudharsjan it's was helpfull

- EASA Part M Aviation Regulations - Explained in 12 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody welcome to my second video on Erlang basics TV and today we'll be looking at for them what is it how is it structured and how can you find what you're looking for within those regulations stay tuned [Music] hi guys my name is Michael sobota and this is my second video thank you very much for the likes on the previous one thank you very much for subscriptions as I stated before I'm starting out of this channel so if you have enjoyed it please subscribe please comment and please give me like just to keep this channel going every airline every operator needs to manage the witness of their aircraft in Europe this is done by means of Hijaz a per diem which is a set of regulations on continuous avoidance management and in this video I just want to show you basically how to go through it were to find what you're looking for and how to make sure you know what's in the regulation and where to find it if you need if you need to so let's jump right into it and and see where we are okay so here we are now and and the table of contents for yaza for them and if you don't know word to find this document please see my previous video that's exactly where I showed how you can find regulations how to download open DSO website and how to browse through them so please check it out now for yes per damn we will only go quickly through the table of contents with a very brief explanation of what is worth now yes a per diem is divided into nine my correct yes into nine subpart name by letters so there's support a support D etc and each support it's it's a different purpose and let's go through quite quickly we have the table of contents for you as a per diem here we will disregard account regulation for now stir it right now with annex one which is for them that's what it's called and we have section a these two sections sections a and B section a are the technical requirements which are actually the regulation for operators for Airlines section B is meant only for the authority which means we don't need to do we need into it right now we only go through section a section is called regulation it's one quick paragraph nothing really to live in to support vsi county building and in ma 201 the responsibilities a section of the of the regulation will tell you who needs to be made responsible for what when it comes to the awareness of an aircraft so this paragraph will give you guidelines on on position such as the accountable manager the nominated post holder it will also give you guidelines on how to describe the responsibilities of certain personnel who is employed within continuous a witness organization and M 802 occurrence reporting that's pretty self-explanatory in case of any occurrence an incident and accident some of them need to be reported to national authority and if you want to know which need to be reported how to report them but is actually where you will find and it's ma - OH - let's go to subpart C and that's continuing the voidness subpart C basically tells you what continuous witness is what continues over in as tasks are what do we mean by the management of continuously witness for an aircraft and we 301 the continuing awareness tasks paragraph which will tell you what is understood by managing the awareness of an aircraft or fcd of aircraft ma 302 deals with the aircraft maintenance program this particular paragraph ma 302 will tell you how the maintenance program is structured what it needs to be based on and how to create it by following that ma 303 via witness directives there's a special paragraph for it in the regulation of course as to what an a B or a witness directive is how you need to manage it within a Kimura I'm a trio for data for modifications and repairs so if you do need to repair your aircraft or if you want to modify it if you want to change it from what it is to something else you need to comply with specific requirements for example we need certain technical data to do it this paragraph will tell you what exactly you need am a tree or five earth continuing awareness record system that's a paragraph that will clearly define how the record system in an awareness management organization used to be structured by record system we mean or they mean what documents you need to keep how long you need to keep them how you need to record what has been done on the aircraft how you need to monitor what needs to be done on the aircraft ma 306 the technical log system is basically a system that allows for clear communication between the flight crew the mechanics of the MRO and the ordinance organization so again the structure of this system is described in ma 306 NME 307 is a transfer of aircraft continuing awareness records so basically if the aircraft is being sold if it's being redeliver to the leasing company this paragraph will tell you how to do it subpart D maintenance standards now subpart D defines first of all what you can do if the aircraft has a defect the basic of the basis of course is if the aircraft has a defect that cannot fly but there are exceptions and and that but is explained in subpart D what also explains is the maintenance that data that is required to perform aircraft maintenance and it will also define who can do the maintenance for you in case of commercial or a transport that would be an MRO approved in accordance with point one four five which we will cover in a different video subpart E is components that section will define how we classify components so of course we have serviceable components we have unserviceable components but there's also raw material there is also so-called consumables like greens for example and that sort of thing support you will classify how those components are certified in order for the operator to be able to install them on their aircraft also an maa 502 it will specify who is allowed to do component maintenance what categories of component maintenance there are etc one thing to look for in subpart E is the certification of components which of course is in the aza form one but there are equivalent documents to any aza for one and this soft part will tell you which documents are equivalent which documents you may accept furthermore ma 503 describes what service life limited components are so ma five-on-three gives you a clear definition of what they are and how families deal with them subpart F is a support we will skip subpart F deals with maintenance organizations but there are only maintenance organizations which are approved to perform maintenance on aircraft other than so-called complex aircraft which encompasses all typically airline used aircraft like the you know Boeing 737s the Airbus a320s etc and also a supportive approved organization cannot do maintenance on commercially used aircraft so in both cases it's not applicable to an airline let's scroll down now software G this one is again they're all important this one is important in the sense that the approval that is being granted by the authority to an airline is an approval based on part M subpart G and here is why now software G G also the continuing awarding this management organization this specific subpart deals with the organization so it tells me how the organization needs to be structured based on what what tasks it needs to perform how it needs to be approved by the authority what the privileges are what in both accommo because in short a continuing awareness management organization is called the camel what a camel can do so if we go into software G we have 701 s scope 702 applications is the way you apply for the approval to your Authority 703 the extent of approval basically the extent is what the camel can do which are how they can manage ma 704 another important point by exposition the Kami it's basically a procedures manual it's a book which contains all the procedures by which kama works all of them from A to Z basically everything a combo does and the way it does things is the scrub is described in decay meet I mean 704 will tell you just that it actually has a structure for the kami it will tell you exactly what needs to be included any 705 the facilities requirements for a camel personal requirements remember in subpart a we talked the personal responsibilities now here we have the personal requirements so what requirements but those people need to fulfill in order to be able to perform the work that they're supposedly performing awareness review staff awareness review is basically a topic for a separate video and o'connell may or may not be approved to contact the ordinance reduce that's up the camel if they if they want to get themselves certified for it if they are certified for an awareness review ma 707 so those the requirements for this tab that performs that reviews ma 708 continuing origins management will describe all the tasks which need to be done by a comma so it will tell you you need to create statuses it will tell you you need to monitor abs and monitor SBS and monitor life limited parts etc all the specific things which need to be done in order to maintain continuous ordnance of an aircraft they will be described in MA 708 emissive 709 documentation basically specifies tour documentation you need to have access if you are running in Carmel typically that would be everything from the manufacturer of the aircraft so I mean in spaniel and IPC Illustrated parts catalog and several other documents which are being provided typically by the OEM Emily 710 a witness review which again describes the process of conducting a witness review if the camel is approved to perform it provisional the organization's alder pretty clear but they're legally described in this paragraph and may 712 the quality system every column is to have a quality system and the way the quality system is structured is described in this paragraph starting with the quality manager quite often the compliance manager which is who is separate from the Quality Manager and specific tasks are described within this paragraph I mean 713 changes if you do change something for example if you move from one office to another office how do you inform the authorities what changes do you need to make in your documentation that would be ma 713 I may be 714 record-keeping again what records you need to keep from the work you do how do you record the current state of every aircraft if you use computer systems what kind of security measures do you need to take for them not to be altered with where do you keep your records if they pay paper records you know how how what kind of storage from your do you require and now we go to subpart H support a just again the support which we will basically ignore for the sake of for my videos because the certificate of refused to service will be issued by a part 1 4 5 organization in case of commercial or transport with complex aircraft and last but not least sub Pradhan and deals with the awareness review certificate the awareness review is something acquired by eásá the Erekat has a certificate of awareness so called CRA but that certificate is only complete together with an awareness renew certificate or an arc AR c the DAR c is issued by a camel which has the approval to perform to perform awareness reviews and support i describes town awareness review has to be performed on an aircraft ok guys this is it it was pretty fast but i hope it gives you at least a brief overview of what partners and where to look for specific information if there's a problem you have you can go directly to this regulation so you can take the soft part which applies to your specific problem even the paragraph and then read through it again if you enjoyed it if you liked it please subscribe to my channel please leave me a comment down below in case I missed something in case you have any comments towards my video and please give any questions regarding this or any other subject I'd love to hear from you please also visit my blog or LAN basics come with a sling down below and my LinkedIn profile I really would like to connect with you on LinkedIn professional networking is very important in this business so the more connections we have the better thank you very much for watching and I'll stay in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @harrynolan9113 [7 likes]: Excellent video! Thank you!
Is there any chance you would do an equivalent video for Part-145? Also one for Part-21 (if you know that area well)
Thanks!
  2. @Theodore2845 [4 likes]: Thank you! Your video was instrumental in my research for an aviation maintenance management course. I am decent at navigating FAA ACs and the FARs and understanding the language, but EASA was very difficult to wrap my head around. This video and the one on navigating the EASA website for Part M, etc. was extremely helpful.
  3. @Karagounis4791: Is there an "hierarchy" between operating org, camo and maintenance org?
  4. @Catherine-jv7yw: Thank you, it was very helpful.
  5. @jonaskoller2498: Wow.... Er liest das Inhaltsverzeichnis vor... Unglaublich .... 😅 🙄🙄
  6. @cielitorobles6643: Do you have a video for Part 147?
  7. @mohsenbagherpoor9247: 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
  8. @المعمرى-ك9ف: Can you explain how to implement auditing checklists
  9. @المعمرى-ك9ف: Thank you for your interesting explain
  10. @aviationspecialist6644: Thank you for sharing these knowledge
  11. @sampathproduction1101: Can you give me easa note
  12. @electeng6481: Hope you are  doing fine. Could you keep this great work running and upload more fantastic videos. We can learn alot from you
  13. @nfournar: Excellent ! Very well done!
  14. @robustahayashi7468: Great job! was looking for Part-M intro video, it's really helps me to get closer to the regulation! thanks a lot for the video !!!
  15. @kamote151: Thank you! It was explained very well.
  16. @vargasquesada6470: Hi, very well explanation. I need a EASA Technical Records training on line, could you recommend to me a good training company? Thank you.
  17. @MandeepSingh-tr3cc: Thanks a ton Sir
  18. @spandyg11: Please, inform me does anybody use 3 jet engines in his or her personal one aircraft model? If, yes. What is the maximum thrust can be used under EASA norms?
  19. @ozgeemec4622: You exactly explained the way that my mind reads easily. Thanks. Why didn’t you have the same format for Part 21?
  20. @abdelhakimhilmi8923: thanks a lot Teacher

- ICAO 19 Annexes | Understand Aviation Rules | Regulations | Laws |: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to another exciting episode where we delve into the world of Aviation today we're setting our sights on the international civil aviation organization or icoo and its intriguing collection of 19 annexes now you might be wondering what exactly is icoo well it's an agency of the United Nations that sets the standards and regulations necessary for Aviation safety security efficiency and regularity worldwide the rules of the road if you will and these 19 annexes they're the heart of these regulations each covering a specific aspect of Aviation so without further Ado let's embark on this journey to understand the icoo annexes and their significance the io annexes are a collection of international standards and regulations that govern the aviation industry these 19 annexes each covering a unique aspect of Aviation serve as the guiding principles for air travel around the globe let's take a quick flight through each of them first we have fex1 which deals with Personnel licensing it sets the standards for the training testing and Licensing of Aviation Personnel then there's Annex 2 rules of the air which lays out the rules for conducting flights ensuring safety and order in the skies Annex 3 is all about meteorological Services emphasizing the importance of weather information in air travel Annex 4 provides aeronautical charts which are vital tools for navigation Annex 5 establishes the units of measurement used in aviation ensuring consistency across borders Annex 6 covers the operation of aircraft setting the guidelines for safe and efficient aircraft operations from Annex 7 to 10 we delve into issues ranging from aircraft nationality and registration marks to aeronautical telecommunications annexes 11 to5 take us through air traffic Services aerodromes search and rescue operations and aeronautical information Services lastly annexes 16 to19 cover Environmental Protection security air traffic management and Safety Management highlighting the industry's commitment to sustainable and safe Aviation practices each Annex in its unique way contributes to the safe orderly and efficient conduct of flights worldwide they are the invisible forces that keep our skies safe and our journey smooth now that we have a general overview we'll dive deeper into each Annex Annex one Personnel licensing sets the global standards for Aviation Personnel it's the Cornerstone of Aviation safety ensuring that those who take to the skies are well equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge it outlines the requirements for obtaining licenses across various Aviation roles from pilots and air traffic controllers to aircraft maintenance personnel and flight operations officers this Annex ensures that all Aviation personnel meet the stringent criteria set by the international civil aviation organization or Ico providing a uniform level of Competency Worldwide Moving On to Annex 2 rules of the air this Annex guides the conduct of flights internationally it sets out the general rules and procedures for air navigation ensuring that all aircraft are operated in a manner that promotes safety and efficiency it covers everything from visual flight rules and instrument flight rules to air traffic control procedures and emergency protocols this Annex essentially serves as the rulebook for the skies facilitating the smooth flow of air traffic globally lastly we have Annex 3 meteorological services for International Air navigation the weather plays a critical role in aviation influencing aircraft performance flight routes and safety this Annex provides guidelines for the provision of meteorological Services ensuring that accurate and timely weather information is available to support safe and efficient flight operations it covers areas such as weather forecasting the provision of meteorological data and the use of meteorological information in air traffic management as we can see these annexes lay the groundwork for ensuring safety and efficiency in aviation moving on to the next set of annexes we have Annex 4 aeronautical charts Annex 5 units of measurement and Annex 6 operation of aircraft each of these plays a crucial role in the world of Aviation providing pilots and Aviation professionals with essential tools guidelines and standards first up Annex 4 or aeronautical charts a pilot's best friend these charts are like road maps for the sky guiding Pilots through the vast expanse of airspace they come in various forms each designed for a specific purpose there are on- route charts for navigating during flights approach charts for landing and area charts for complex airspace around major airports they detail everything from topography and airspace classes to radio frequencies all colorcoded for easy interpretation next we have Annex 5 the units of measurement this Annex standardizes the units used in international Aviation it's the reason why no matter where you are in the world altitude is measured in feet speed in knots and distance in nautical miles this uniformity is key ensuring clear and consistent community Comm unication between all parties involved in a flight's operation finally we delve into Annex 6 operation of aircraft this Annex lays down the law for aircraft operations outlining everything from pre-flight procedures and in-flight operations to postflight checks it covers operational safety measures performance operating limitations and even the documentation required on board an aircraft Annex 6 is like a comprehensive manual ensuring that every flight operated meets the highest standards of safety and efficiency in essence these annexes provide the necessary tools and guidelines to operate aircraft safely and efficiently they form the backbone of Aviation operations ensuring that every flight whether it's a short hop or a long haul journey is carried out with utmost precision and safety next up are annexes 7 to5 covering a broad range of topics from aircraft nationality and registration marks to aeronautical Information Services starting with Annex 7 we delve into the world of aircraft nationality and registration marks this Annex establishes the principles for nationality marks such as the N for the United States or the G for the United Kingdom and registration marks that uniquely identify each aircraft next we have Annex 8 which involves airworthiness of aircraft this Annex outlines the standards for the design manufacturer and maintenance of aircraft to ensure they're safe to fly an 9 is all about the facilitation of International Air transport ensuring that the processes at airports run smoothly and efficiently it covers everything from Immigration and Customs procedures to health and quarantine measures moving on to Annex 10 this one is all about aeronautical telecommunications it's split into six volumes covering various aspects of communication from voice communication systems to surveillance and collision avoidance systems now let's dive into the world of air traff traffic services with Annex 11 this Annex lays out the standards and methods for air traffic Services aiming to prevent collisions between aircraft both on the ground and in the air next we have Annex 12 which covers search and rescue operations it outlines the international standards for the planning coordination and conduct of search and rescue operations to ensure the Swift recovery of those in distress Annex 13 is a significant one as it deals with aircraft accident and incident investigation it provides guidelines to ensure that investigations are conducted thoroughly and impartially to prevent future accidents the next two annexes 14 and 15 deal with aerodromes and aeronautical Information Services respectively Annex 14 provides specifications for Designing and operating aerodromes while Annex 15 ensures the timely availability of essential aeronautical information these annexes are integral to the smooth running of air traffic services and the provision of essential information to Aviation Personnel lastly we have annexes 16 to19 which deal with Environmental Protection emergency procedures and Safety Management these annexes are integral to the functioning and sustainability of the global aviation industry Annex 16 is all about Environmental Protection it sets out the standards and recommended practices for aircraft noise and engine emissions these guidelines help to minimize the impact of Aviation on the environment and contribute to the development of Greener more sustainable Aviation Technologies moving on Annex 17 is dedicated to Security safeguarding International civil aviation against acts of unlawful interference it's all about ensuring the Safety and Security of passengers crew ground personnel and the general public next we have Annex 18 which deals with the Safe Transportation of dangerous goods by air this Annex is crucial because it provides the necessary guidelines for ensuring that hazardous materials are transported safely and efficiently without posing a risk to people or the environment finally Annex 19 focuses on Safety Management this anex introduces a proactive approach to managing safety requiring Airlines and Aviation service providers to implement a safety management system it's all about identifying assessing and mitigating risks before they can escalate into bigger issues these final annexes underscore io's commitment to environmental sustainability and safety and Aviation they highlight the importance of mitigating the environmental impact of Aviation ensuring the security of all Aviation activities safely transporting dangerous goods and proactively managing safety risks these annexes demonstrate that in the world of Aviation safety and sustainability are not just aspirations but fundamental requirements so why are these IO annexes so important well these 19 annexes are the backbone of international Aviation a global rule book if you will they set Universal standards and recommended practices to ensure safety regularity and efficiency in International Air transport from Personnel licensing to meteorological services from aircraft operations to Safety Management these annexes cover all aspects of Aviation they also play a crucial role in promoting sustainable practices in aviation helping us all fly into a Greener future that wraps up our Deep dive into the icio annexes remember these regulations make it possible for us to fly safely and efficiently across the globe

- ICAO Publications Explained | Air Regulations Made Easy for Student Pilots & Aviation Enthusiasts: Kind: captions Language: en Hello aviators, welcome to Alpha to Sky. Let's learn about the ICO publications in this video. So we'll talk about uh the SPS pans, subs, technical manuals, air navigation plans, uh the circulars and most importantly the uh NXS. So starting with the SAPS which stands for uh standards and recommended practices. So IO sets rules for uh global air safety. These are called standards and recommended practices. So there are two things right standards and recommended practices. So the participating countries are required to follow the standards. Um and they can let the ICO know uh if there are any deviations uh because of which they cannot follow the particular standard. Uh but recommended practices are optional um and they are encouraged. Right? So this helps uh make flying safe and efficient worldwide. So these are rules and guidelines created by the ICO council uh under the Chicago convention. Uh these are grouped into NXS for convenience and standards must be applied by all member countries to ensure safety and operation for international flights. And under article 38 uh so this is the provision under article 38 where a country can notify ICO if they are uh not able to follow a particular standard right if they are deviating from a particular standard and then ICO will notify the other participating countries then recommended practices should be followed and uh to improve safety and uh this is optional as we um head. So, countries are not required to report differences from recommended practices. So, if there is any deviation from the recommended practice practices by ICO, uh we don't need to uh a country does not need to report that to the ICO but IIECO does ask them to share the differences so that uh uh it is known to the other countries. It's not a mandatory. Next is PANS which stands for procedure for air navigation services. So these are the air navigation procedures approved by ICO which are used in global aviation and they are not official standards yet. So they are not part of the uh SS right standards and recommended practices or the NXS. Now you may ask why they are not in NXS. That's because they are um not mature enough because they they might change too often or they might still be uh tested uh the testing might be going on right so they are kept in a separate category for flexibility and um easy updates. Other content is either too detailed or changes too often. Next is the regional supplementary procedures or in short subs. So ICO has more than just global rules. Um it also offers tools like the regional procedures for specific areas and technical manuals to explain how to apply the rules. Uh so these are similar to PANS but uh only apply to specific regions. They are also approved by ICO and uh the technical manuals which are provided they uh provide extra guidance and details to help countries follow the uh pans and subs. Next we have regional supplementary procedures or in short subs. So I has more than just uh global rules. It also offers tools like these uh regional supplementary procedures uh which are applicable for specific areas. Right? So they are similar to PANS but they only apply to specific regions. Right? Then we have the technical manuals which provide extra guidance and details uh about how to follow the PANS and uh SAS. Next we have the air navigation plans which show what facilities and services are needed for safe international flights in each ICO region. Right? So these plans are for each region. They share uh important studies with all member countries. Next we have the ICO circulars. Um so which share specialized information with um member countries. Okay. Now we have the most important part that is the ICO NXS. So we'll get direct questions on this. Um uh so you need to remember which NX uh is for uh what for which rule. So NX1 is for personal licensing. Uh so NX1 sets the rules for licensing pilots, air traffic controllers and other aviation professionals. So it's it is for personal licensing. So all these documents uh can be found in the IECO um website right official website I will leave a link down in the description and uh there was a very uh interesting video that I came across so that um provides a pneumonic to remember all these NXs with their uh um goals right so I'll leave a link to that as well that will help you easily remember all these NXs with their uh rules rules the rules. NX2 uh is for rules of the air uh which defines basic flight rules uh to ensure safety of the international airspace. NX3 is for meteorological service for international air navigation and uh so this is for uh the weather services which are essential for flight operations. NX4 is for aeronautical charts. Um it specifies the charts required for a safe flight uh planning and uh navigation. NX5 um mentions the units of measurement to be used in air and ground. So it standardizes the measurement units used in aviation like feet uh knots etc. NX6 is the operation of aircraft. So it contains safety rules for the operation of different types of aircraft. Now this NX has um several parts which uh part one stands for international commercial air transport. Um so it sets the safety rules for airlines carrying passengers and cargo for money. Uh it also covers flight operations, aircraft performance, crew training and maintenance. Right. And it also ensures passenger and crew safety during commercial flights across countries for all international uh transport. Right. Part two deals with uh non-commercial flying like uh private jets or corporate flights. Uh it focuses on pilot qualifications, aircraft maintenance and operating procedures. So it aims to ensure safety even when there's no business or uh airline involved. Part three is about the helicopters. Um so it provides special rules for international helicopter operations. Uh it covers performance standards, communication, safety and crew requirements. And it recognizes that helicopters operate differently from planes and uh need their own safety standards. Next we have NX7 uh which is for aircraft nationality and registration marks. Um we are going to discuss more on that in in a different chapter. Um but yeah NX7 stands for aircraft nationality and registration marks. Uh it shows how aircraft can be identified by their registration codes and nationality. NX8 is about airworthiness of aircraft. Um so it lays down the standards to ensure that aircrafts are safe to fly. NX9 is about facilitation. Uh so facilitation means it aims to simplify and speed up uh the border uh clearance of aircraft passengers and cargo. So these are the facilitations. NX10 talks about aeronautical telecommunication. It has uh five volumes and each of them focus on a different aspect of air communication and navigation. um like how planes talk to controllers, how radars keep them apart, uh how signals guide them through the sky etc. So the volume one talks about radio navigational aids. Um it covers groundbased systems like VR, ILS and DME used for aircraft navigation and it ensures pilots receive accurate signals to guide them safely. Volume two talks about the communication procedures um which sets standard radio communication procedures between uh pilots and air traffic control. Volume three talks about the communication systems. So it describes the technical systems used for voice and data communication. Uh it includes the system like uh a cars and satcom uh that support the global aviation. Volume four is for surveillance radar and collision avoidance system. Uh it focuses on uh radar systems like the primary or the secondary surveillance radar. Um it covers the TCAST to prevent mid-air collisions um etc. And volume five talks about the aeronautical radio frequency spectrum utilization. Uh so it deals with how radio frequencies are assigned and used in aviation and it ensures no interference in uh critical communication and uh navigation systems during the communication. NX1 talks about the air traffic services. Uh so it sets up the structure and procedure for air traffic control and safety services. Right. NX12 talks about the search and rescue. Um it establishes international cooperation for search and rescue operations. NX13 is for aircraft accident investigation. So it provides rules for investigating aircraft accidents and uh incidents fairly and uh thoroughly. NX14 talks about the aerodyome. So it ensures that both airports uh and helports are safe, efficient and well designed. Um it also has several volumes. The volume one talks about uh the fixedwing uh aircraft at aerotros and uh volume two talks about the helicopter operations. Right. NX15 uh aeronautical information service. NX16 talks about the environmental pollution. uh caused by the um aircrafts, right? So, how we can manage them? Uh what should be uh what rules should be followed by the aircrafts and airports to limit the environmental pollution etc. Um it aims to reduce noise pollution uh for communities living near the airports. Right? It has uh volume one which talks about the aircraft noise and volume two which talks about the aircraft engine emissions. Next we have NX17 uh which talks about the security basically uh it is for safeguarding international civil aviation against acts of unlawful interference. So it focuses on protecting civil aviation from unlawful acts like terrorism and sabotage. NX18 um talks about safe transport of dangerous goods by air. Um this basically regulates how hazardous materials can be safely carried by an aircraft. NX19 talks about the safety management. Um basically it introduces a proactive approach to uh managing safety across the aviation system. Right? So these NXs uh are very important. we need to remember um the NX number as well as the uh role right so you can follow that uh video which I mentioned earlier it will help you in remembering all these NXS by their rules next we have the recommended practices uh there are several documents that are u mentioned under the recommended practices you can find all these documents in the ICO uh website and uh you can also take a screenshot from here. Um we don't need to remember everything uh but just the important ones. For example, the first one which is doc uh4 it's for procedure for air navigation services uh which is the air traffic management. Right. So similarly we just need to remember a few of them uh which some of them we already covered uh in the uh standards and recommended practices overview. So you can just take a screenshot from here. So this is the first uh screen with six docks. Next we have these doc 8643 aircraft type designator. Uh we have the aeronautical chat manual which is doc 8697 uh an important one. Uh search and rescue manual the doc 73. Next doc 9432 manual of radio telephony important. Right. So these were the important documents in the ICO uh recommended practices. And that was it uh for this video. We will be covering a few questions based on uh these NXS uh standards and recommended practices and uh the other uh publications. All right, that that was it for this video. Uh we will solve a few questions on these topics in the upcoming videos. Uh till then do let me know if you have any suggestions and feedbacks and uh also like, share and subscribe if you like the content. Remember the most effective way to do it is to do it. Thank you. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @babamohammed6790 [1 likes]: Please, i wanted to know how does icao became a member of the United Nations ?

- The Race To Stay Profitable In The Air Industry | CNBC Marathon: Kind: captions Language: en The airline industry is a long-cycle business. Spirit has had one challenge after another coming out of the pandemic. The icon of budget air travel in the U.S. has not been profitable since 2019, and it lost over $2 billion since 2020. Airlines that have shown more success have greater exposure to premium and corporate. The biggest competitor that United has right now is Delta. United very much wants to rule the world. But when it comes to profitability, it's still chasing that number one spot. Everybody's dealing with the fact that costs are 30% higher than they were in 2019. Some airlines decided to place orders with Airbus for aircraft rather than Boeing. ...Which has been dealing with crisis after crisis. Airbus has profited from the challenges that Boeing has faced. We're really talking about a battle for the 2030s here. The 2020s have been decided. Airbus and Boeing have been competing head-to-head for decades as the world's largest commercial airplane makers. The European-based Airbus entered the market 56 years after its rival. And today, 76% of the world's fleet is made up of Airbus and Boeing planes. But over the last few years, Airbus has edged out Boeing for market dominance. Airbus is clearly in the lead and they have a good lead. And if you just want to measure that, it's by backlog of the airplanes. Airbus has made a steady profit since the pandemic. While Boeing hasn't made a profit since 2018. Airbus total backlog, which are planes that have been ordered but not yet delivered, is 8,726, compared to Boeing's 5,643, which represents billions of dollars in revenue and is estimated to take almost 13 years to complete. We've gone from back in 1978 where you would hardly ever see an Airbus airplane in the U.S., to now having well over 50% of the market here in the U.S. Since 2019, Airbus has delivered more planes annually than Boeing, which has been dealing with crisis after crisis, including two deadly crashes of its best-selling 737 Max eight, which grounded that aircraft for nearly two years. It's also been dealing with significant financial losses, manufacturing issues and production limitations. One thing I want to be clear about: Airbus was already winning the race before the Max ran into trouble because the A321 in general was winning share. Narrowbodies make up the majority of the commercial aircraft flying today. These planes are very versatile. They can do multiple short trips a day or across oceans and continents. Boeing 737 was the world's best-selling narrow-body until 2019, when Airbus A320 surpassed it in total orders. And depending on how many planes are delivered in 2025, the A320 could take the reins as the most produced jet family in history. If you look across the board at the backlogs and indeed at orders, everything is fine in every category except for the A321, which is absolutely crushing it. CNBC explores how Airbus came to be the biggest commercial plane manufacturer and whether it can stay on top. The official 737 christening ceremony took place in the new final assembly building. In the late '60s, Boeing was dominating the commercial aircraft market. It had just debuted the 737 and the world's first ever wide-body jet. The massive 747 European aerospace companies took notice. The biggest misconception about Airbus is that it was some sort of instant creation, circa 1969. It really wasn't. It was a merger of a number of European national champion aerospace companies that had been building planes since World War Two or World War One, and the only way they could do it was by pooling their resources: thus Airbus. As more people took to the skies, airlines looked to operate bigger aircraft. At the time, all wide-body planes had 3 or 4 engines. For reference, a wide-body typically has two aisles, flies longer distances, and can carry anywhere from 250 to 500 passengers. While a narrow-body or single aisle has one single aisle through, the cabin flies shorter distances and can have 100 to 230 seats. Airbus shows up in the 1970s saying, "Hey, we have a wide-body plane, but with just two engines." And airlines sat up and said, "Whoa, two engines..." And obviously two engines that can take you the same distance as three are better because your maintenance costs are a lot lower. In 1972, Airbus introduced the first twin-engine wide-body jetliner: the A300. Despite having only two engines, the A300 could only carry around 250 passengers versus the massive 747, which could be configured to fit over 500. Not a lot of people saw the need for an intermediate sized yet. So, production rates were 1 or 2 per month for quite a few years. In 1978, the Deregulation Act was enacted in the U.S., creating more competition, new airlines and expansion of smaller ones. As airline needs shifted in the '80s, the demand for cost-effective, short-haul aircraft grew. They began to see the need for a new-generation single aisle, basically centered around 150 seats. Airbus had not yet made a profit, and the company needed a plane in its fleet to compete with Boeing's popular narrow-body, the 737, which had already been around since 1967. Airbus launched the A320 single aisle program in 1984. The workhorse of the Airbus commercial jet family is the A320. The A320 was one of the few commercial aircraft designed to compete against Boeing's 737 powerhouse, and has succeeded where others have failed. Its fuselage is a little bit wider than the 737, and some airlines have taken advantage of that to put in slightly wider seats. The A320 debuted with a lot of new advanced technology. It was one of the first commercial jets that used a side stick versus yoke controls. This is still a key difference between Airbus and Boeing planes today. It also introduced fly-by-wire controls, meaning when you pull back on the side stick, it sends electronic signals to a computer to move the aircraft versus a physical cable. One could argue from a flight control's point of view, the A320 is a generation ahead of the 737. When it first came into the market, it was controversial. Fly-by-wire when it first came out into the market was something that was really just used in military airplanes. The jet's debut, however, ended in a crash during the first demonstration flight at an airshow in 1988. When the A320 was first introduced, it suffered a series of accidents, including some fatal accidents that killed crew and passengers, and that really stalled the public acceptance of the plane. It took a while there, too, to get traction, but when it did, well, it succeeded far beyond expectations. A320 just came into the world 20 years later and has that advantage in terms of just fundamental design differences to the airframe. By the 1990s, the A320 success would start to put pressure on its U.S. competitors. Airbus, which was backed by European governments, made its first operating profits. Once Airbus was more market-proven as an aircraft builder and U.S. airlines started to see the performance results of the Airbus aircraft in other airlines' fleets, they became more open to buying Airbus planes, and it was really the A320 that helped Airbus crack the door opened into the U.S. market and many other parts of the world. Basically, Boeing through all of this had 50% of the market. So, what you basically had was Douglas, Lockheed and Airbus duking it out for the other half. Lockheed exited sometime in the mid-80s, and then everyone knew McDonnell Douglas. Matter of time. In 1997, McDonnell Douglas merged with Boeing, forming the duopoly we know today. If you think about the evolution of Airbus, I mean, Airbus really started in the narrow-body market with no market share, edged out Douglas, and then continued to get share. The Boeing 737 family and the Airbus A320 family are the company's best-selling planes, and have been a crucial segment of competition. The list price for one A321neo is around $129 million. Competition was head-to-head when it came to wide-bodies too. In the '90s, more fuel-efficient, twin-engine wide-bodies were introduced. Airbus debuted the A330 and 340, while Boeing introduced its 777. The A330, they kept refining it at Airbus. It did pretty well, and then Boeing attacked with the 787 Dreamliner. And despite all of the flaws baked into that development program, it did better than the A330 in the long run. Then, from 2003 to 2005, Airbus took more orders and delivered more planes than Boeing. That 50-50 formula kept persisting, and what Boeing was doing was effectively winning on profitability rather than market share. They were willing to say, "Alright, we're going to be 50%, but our margins are going to be 9% and yours are going to be 4%...or less." It was a formula that worked for them until, of course, the problems with the Max. Despite declining sales for four engine jets, Airbus spent billions creating the biggest double-decker quad-engine commercial aircraft in the world and possibly the most identifiable Airbus plane: the A380. It was in service from 2007 until it ended production in 2021. The A380 is an engineering marvel. Unfortunately, in a way, the A380's success was eclipsed by the success of Airbus's smaller aircraft, namely the A330 family and more recently, the A350, which are twin engine aircraft that can hold 250 to 400, 450 or so passengers and operate ultra-long range routes. And you looked at Airbus and you thought, "Wow, they're going to be tied for number one. You might even be number one. The only thing you could do to screw that up is launch a superjumbo for a market that's going away super fast." And that's exactly what they did. It cost them a decade. Today, Boeing still dominates the wide-body market with nearly 56% of the global fleet. These aircraft are used for long haul travel like international flights. Boeing currently has a backlog of over 1,500 wide-body planes. The company has had multiple manufacturing issues with its 787 Dreamliner and the 777X, which has yet to be certified, is years behind schedule. In 2012, Airbus announced it would begin manufacturing in Mobile, Alabama. You go back to 1978 and Airbus had a small office here in the U.S. with about a dozen people working there. Roll forward to 2025, and we have a very large manufacturing facility that manufactures airplanes in Mobile, Alabama. We build helicopters in Mississippi, we build satellites in Florida and actually are present in over 40 locations across the U.S. today. Airbus' biggest customer is Delta Airlines. It has slightly more Airbus planes in its fleet than Boeing. Airbus has had a different manufacturing strategy than Boeing. Theirs has been more regional, so they have a final assembly plant, a fowl, as they call them, in Asia, one in North America, one in Europe. Where Boeing's final assembly has been highly concentrated in North America, China was almost exclusively a Boeing customer for many, many years. By having a final assembly line in China, I think Airbus would argue that that helped them get some share in China. Airbus has been manufacturing in the U.S. for nearly ten years. It's about to open a third production line, two of which are for the 320 family and the other for its smaller 220 jets it acquired from Bombardier in In 2010, Airbus announced a new variation of its best-selling narrow-body called the A320neo, short for "new engine option," which promised a 15% less fuel burn than the previous generation. In 2011, Airbus had a record number of orders for 1,419 aircraft, more than double than the year before. That same year, American Airlines, which had been strictly a Boeing customer, put in an order for hundreds of these new planes. And in 2019, the A320 family surpassed the 737 in total orders. Originally, the business case was for around 600 airplanes, and now we are up to 19,000. Boeing's response to the more fuel-efficient A320 was the re-engined 737 Max that debuted in 2017. But over the next few years, the manufacturer faced a series of challenges. In 2018 and 2019, two 737 Max 8s crashed and killed 346 people. It was later found a flight control system known as MCAS had malfunctioned on both flights. The planes were grounded for several months and production rates were reduced. Then the pandemic brought air travel to a halt, and the company had a record loss of $12 billion in 2020. Airbus saw losses of over 1 billion in both 2019 and 2020, but returned to profitability in 2021, but Airbus has consecutively had more annual orders and deliveries since 2019, making it the world's largest planemaker. Then, in 2024, a door plug flew off a Boeing 737 Max 9 plane, leading to more production delays of its best-selling jet and an annual loss of $11.8 billion in 2024. Some airlines decided to place orders with Airbus for aircraft rather than Boeing. And if you look at Airbus' backlog today, it's dominated by A321. Airlines looking to cut down on fuel costs have been turning to these more efficient, longer range narrow-bodies for longer flights like JFK to LA or the East Coast to Europe. Of our single aisle order book or backlog as we call it, 72% of the Airbus A321, and that's opening up routes and markets that they couldn't fly directly before. The economics with single aisles were so much better than the economics with wide-bodies. And the Airbus A321neo wasn't perfect, but it was the biggest and best single aisle you could get, and leading Airbus to effectively a 60% or 65% market share from the standpoint of both the deliveries and orders and backlog. It's become the hinge factor between the two. Boeing doesn't really have a comparable airplane. 737 Max 9 isn't quite as big. The 10 is big, but it doesn't quite have the range. So, where Airbus has done well in the market is they have a product that Boeing really doesn't have. The 737 Max 10 has a range of 3,100 nautical miles and can seat a maximum of 230 people, versus the A321neo, which has a range of 4,700 nautical miles and can seat 244 passengers. But the Max 10 has yet to be certified. The bad news is, given these delays, these many year delays, and given the challenges, and also, frankly, you've got this attack on the administrative state in Washington, which is also toxic from Boeing's standpoint, these are resources they need to certify planes, and they're increasingly in short supply. So, there's a lot about DOGE and the attack on the FAA and other administrative agencies that's really not all good from the standpoint of Boeing's certification. In 2024, Airbus delivered 766 planes compared to Boeing's 348. Most of the revenue from aircraft is received on delivery. Boeing's 737 Max production has been capped at 38 planes a month since January 2024 by the Federal Aviation Administration. That rate was 52 planes a month prior to the pandemic and two Max crashes. So far in 2025, it surpassed monthly delivery goals compared to last year. Airbus has faced production challenges too. It, like the rest of the industry, has been dealing with supply chain issues post-pandemic and an engine recall for many of its jets. There was the hot GTF engine two years ago, with the difficulties they encountered with the metal powder issue that is leading to a big recall campaign, and that is limiting the number of engines going for new feed for us. Also last year, with production difficulties faced by CFM and their supply chain, that has led to a difficult end of 2024 and also some shortages at the beginning of this year. Airbus deliveries have been lower compared to last year, but the company said it still expects to deliver 820 new planes by year-end. The medium term, it's hard to see anything that stops Airbus from controlling that all-important mid-market segment. The 2020s have been decided. The industry could face other challenges, like tariffs and a possible recession in the coming months. For an industry that's thoroughly globalized, this is absolutely toxic. There's a lot about these tariffs we just don't know right now. But, it's remarkable, the extent to which the jetliner industry became a model of free trade and the U.S. competed and absolutely did great with an enormous trade surplus: and that's now at risk. Now, as for the airplanes themselves, yeah, the majority of structures are indeed imported. Even though Airbus now has manufacturing in Mobile, Alabama, it still imports parts like wings and fuselages. The U.S. exports six times more than imports in aerospace products and components. And so, the concern about a tariff regime is that that is then going to impede in that supply chain, and it's going to add to the cost of the airplane. More expensive airplanes could mean rising costs for the consumer. Both the Boeing 737 and the Airbus A320, and their variations are newer interpretations of jets designed decades ago. The industry has been waiting for new technologies, engines and designs to be introduced. The A320 has been a platform that's been around for many decades. The next generation airplane will be a completely new platform. It's going to be based on new propulsion techniques and new wing design and new materials, and also a more digitally enabled airplane. We hope to see that flying in the second half of the next decade. It is so much more complex to design and build a new airliner today than it was decades ago. Airlines are struggling with what is the right design, what materials go into it, what engines do we use for it, what fuel powers it? In 2022, Boeing's CEO at the time, Dave Calhoun, announced that it would not introduce a new airplane into the next decade. So, on that range and payload envelope, they've really got nothing that competes with the 321neo. They need a new jet. They absolutely need a new jet. So that, of course, told people that they should go and order an A321neo, which they did. There were 1,300 sales in the following 12 months. So, Dave Calhoun, in a lot of ways, was the very best CEO that Airbus ever had. Airbus hasn't announced a new clean-sheet plane either, but at a recent summit, outlined what technologies could potentially power a new single aisle aircraft. And despite Boeing's struggles, experts say it's not inevitable that Airbus's lead continues. Airbus is just positioned better because they just have more latitude to kind of wait and see because of their product lineup today. You know, right now things look fantastic, next five years at least. But eventually, someone is going to disrupt them. And it might just be a resurgent Boeing. And for the first time in way over a decade, they actually have a really good leader at the helm. Experts also say China's Comac could enter the market. If Comac is able to make inroads in the West, especially if the Chinese government decides to subsidize the sale of those airplanes to get some sales into Western airlines, that could introduce one of the most serious threats to both Airbus and Boeing that we have seen in a long time. Brazil-based Embraer could also be a strong competitor to enter the narrow-body space. The company, which makes smaller regional and business jets, has been talked about as a company that could disrupt the duopoly. I'd put my money on Embraer first. Embraer is a very, very capable company. Good engineers. If Boeing doesn't do a competitive response, then again, the 321neo becomes the hinge of fate. Obviously, in the long run, a lot can go wrong with that. It's your classic innovator's dilemma. Why would you disrupt yourself when you're the overwhelmingly dominant player on the market? So will something change? It must. Entropy, right? But until then, Airbus gets two-thirds of the market, which is not at all bad. United Airlines has been flying people for nearly a century... "Fly the friendly skies of United." And it's grown to be one of the biggest operators in the world. In 2023, it flew over 160 million customers. It serves 348 airports globally, with a fleet of 1,375 planes, 106,000 employees with over 4,500 flights a day. Delta has been at the top of the industry for a long time. It's the most profitable, has the best margins. We haven't exactly achieved the number one profitability status in the industry. But I know we're on our way. It's really front of mind for all of us. It's a very large legacy airline. I do think the last seven years, it's felt a bit more like a start up airline. American Airlines, Delta and United, known as the Big Three, all have similar business models, so competition comes from hub locations, product offerings, and route networks. United actually has the largest, most expansive route network abroad of any of the big three U.S. airlines. So, in a way, United is America's flag carrier to the world. The airline has been spending billions on new airplanes, lounges, technology and diversifying its cabins to offer a broader range of products to its United's profitability and overall business performance has been steadily improving over the past five years. Delivery delays on new aircraft from Boeing and Airbus are hindering some airline's growth plans. Both Delta and United have faced additional challenges this year. United had a string of maintenance issues, while Delta had to cancel more than 7,000 flights over the course of six days in July. After the CrowdStrike outage, that's more than all of Delta's cancellations in 2019. Despite these events, Delta and United's stock are up this year, with United shares rising over 80% year to date. Since the recovery post-pandemic, they've had a better game plan than basically anyone else. It really hasn't changed. CNBC explores how United became one of the largest airlines in the world, and what's next for the carrier. United Airlines' roots date back all the way to 1926. The original name of United was Boeing Air Transport, and it was owned by the Boeing Company until Boeing had to spin it off in the late '20s, early '30s when it became United. It began by delivering mail and continued to grow as the dawn of the jet age took more people to the skies. United Airlines has a very, very strong and rich history, but the United Airlines we know today is actually the product of various mergers. All the top airlines have grown through mergers. United's first big merger was in 1961, with Capital Airlines, expanding its reach to more of the East Coast. In 1985, they bought Pan Am's Transpacific route network, which gave them an expansive route network into Asia. Another was announced in 2010 when it agreed to merge with Continental Airlines. Think of United as a Brady Bunch of airlines that now has a single name and a single paint job. The Continental merger was really significant. What it did is it really set up the modern day United Airlines. Over the course of a century, the airline has faced many challenges. On September 11th, 2001, two of the planes hijacked by terrorists were United planes. Then air travel demand plummeted. The United States was also in the middle of a recession. So, what we saw was several airlines, U.S. Airways then United Airlines had filed for bankruptcy in the years following the terrorist attacks. It came out of bankruptcy in 2006 with a reduced staff and fleet. The Great Recession in 2008, coupled with rising fuel costs, hit the industry hard. Then there was a series of mega mergers Delta and Northwest American and U.S. Airways and United with Continental. The difficulties in that merger were many and varied. Trying to put two large corporations together is always difficult. You had two very different cultures. Oscar Munoz was on the board of United Continental Holdings in 2010, and later served as the CEO of United from 2015 to 2020. There was not a lot of love between the two organizations and groups. The company was not in a wonderful place with regards to unison cohesion. A singular point of attack, operationally, financially, business-wise. So it was a bit of a mish-mash. The $8.5 billion deal with Continental brought key hubs like Newark and Houston into the United network. With United's strong presence in Asia and Continental's in Europe and Latin America, it created the world's largest carrier at the time, or, as The New York Times described it, a behemoth of an airline. You had two of everything. So, how do you decide the systems and the people to run them when you have this quote unquote, merger of equals, where it's kind of top-weighted towards one side, most of those systems, most of those leaders came over to run the much, much bigger organization. There was more than a few CEOs in a very short period of time, and it didn't help that my arrival came with a little bit of drama and crisis with my predecessor with some issues that they got in from a legal perspective. Munoz is referring to the ousting of CEO Jeffrey Smisek and what became known as the chairman's flight, after the airline reinstated a non-profitable route to accommodate the chairman of the New Jersey, New York Port Authority. Over the next few years, the airline faced some of its biggest public relations disasters, which ranged from a man being dragged off a flight, to a passenger's French bulldog dying in the overhead compartment. You had a company that lagged and underperformed its potential overall, so they were like, if you looked at it from relative to the big four competitors, they were number four in overall margins and profit. What was important about the whole culture we built at United? Honestly, if Covid had happened, like right when I had taken over or right before I had taken over, I'm not sure United gets through it. You know, we were by far last. I made a ton of progress right before Covid. Our financial results were stellar, well ahead of schedule. And at the same time, we were beginning to slowly inch up. The Covid-19 pandemic brought air travel to a near halt, and United alone lost over $7 billion in 2020. United did a really smart thing during Covid. They didn't let go any of their pilots, and that helped United recover faster than some of its peers did when travel rebounded as Covid ebbed. Airlines survived, in part because of a more than $50 billion taxpayer bailout. It was the biggest one in history for the industry, and it did help airlines stay afloat. And a condition of that aid was that they weren't allowed to furlough any of their employees. Airlines also have other revenue streams, like credit cards, which can bring in billions of dollars a This is one of the only times in which a downturn happened, and there wasn't massive restructuring at that time, so the U.S. domestic market just didn't change. And so United, you know, kind of took advantage of that where they're like, "Well, we know that the international side of the equation will change, and it did. And so we're going to be ready for that recovery." And now you're starting to see structural change happen within the U.S. airline industry. Whether it's being Spirit potentially, you know, going into bankruptcy or restructuring and others kind of changing their models. And so, United wants to continue to deepen their moat while others continue to figure it out. One thing that did change during the pandemic was United got a new CEO. Scott Kirby came in as CEO, and that marked the beginning, I think, of United's strongest turnaround. As the pandemic ended, air travel made a huge comeback with record-setting numbers. At the end of 2023, United surpassed American Airlines to become the second most profitable airline in the U.S. Delta remained at the top. When I think about the differences in Delta and United, it's just the overall route The route network is really what we are buying as passengers. United just announced new routes to places like Greenland and Mongolia in 2025. The airline said adding unique destinations is important to its customers and keeping them loyal to the airline. Picking new routes, it's a part art, it's part science. If you just look purely at the numbers, you would never come up with a new destination because every airline is looking at all of the same data. Some routes, like Cape Town, have been successful, but others, like Bergen, Norway were a flop and removed from the schedule. When I think about just the competitive environment and how you kind of get there to be the largest airline and most profitable airline is that you have to be really relevant to your customers in whatever markets you're flying, and you have to be able to compete very effectively. And sometimes that means being able to lose money in certain markets while making a lot of money in others. United does have the most international routes of any U.S. airline. We still have not achieved that domestically. We're still, you know, number 3 or 4, depending on how you measure it, but we think we have a lot of runway in front of us there as well. United is headquartered in Chicago, which goes back and forth with Denver to be the airline's busiest hub. Denver is the airline's fastest growing hub and third busiest airport in the U.S. Delta's Atlanta hub is ranked number one busiest, and American Airlines' Dallas hub is the second. Denver Airport has a lot of room to grow compared to some of the older, more constricted airports. When we were planning, we faced a number of constraints. Aircraft and slots are usually the two biggest. New York is the busiest airspace in the world where United operates its Newark hub. One of the ways United plans to grow in Newark with a lack of gates and airspace is upgauging: swapping out smaller planes for bigger ones to fit more people. Their order book suggests that. In 2021, the airline announced its largest ever aircraft order for 270 new planes, with plans to add more roomier seats and seatback entertainment. Once we received and had a stable set of earnings, we were finally allowed and possible to invest in the future into aircraft and products and innovations. And that's really the biggest change. We've made a really strong decision to do is to retire regional jets and replace them with mainline jets. So, domestically, I think it's adding larger airplanes between cities and growing the network that we have, but not really adding a lot of new cities, but actually growing the footprint. United Airlines is an airline that is trying to be a more premium airline right now, much as Delta has been for more than ten years. Delta is kind of the envy of the industry because it has had the widest profit margins for a long time, it has a very high spending clientele, it has a very lucrative credit card deal with American Express. And what United is doing now, it's going after the highest spending customers. A big source of growth in the airline industry recently has come from premium seating. Across the entire experience. We're really focused on trying to embody premiumness. We, across the board, are looking for ways to give customers what they want. But not all customers want the same things. One of the challenges that large airlines like United have is trying to be all things to all people, all kinds of customers. They, of course, want that high value, high-spending customer to buy seats in the front of the plane. But they're also going after customers that maybe want the simplest experience possible and their main concern is getting the cheapest fare. The strategy to offer a wide range of seating options seems to be working. In the third quarter, United's premium revenue, including business class tickets, rose 5% and sales from its basic economy tickets were up 20% compared with last year. We've been able to offer more seats at more price points, and that has allowed us to compete with the low-cost carriers in a price effective way for the basic economy traveler, but it also allows us to compete with the foreign flag carriers by offering a better product in the front of the cabin. That's also helped create a moat around United Airlines to drive sustainable earnings. In general, across United, we sacrifice seats in the coach cabin to make sure there's more Economy Plus seats in each economy cabin for consumers to pick from. One thing that United does and has done for a long time, that Delta is actually copying now, is that they have a different tier of airport lounge: a Polaris lounge for United's top customers that are flying in the front of the plane internationally. And now what Delta is doing, partially because their lounges have become so popular, they're kind of segmenting the lounges and having a top-tier lounge, the Delta One Lounge, and that's really a page from United's playbook. Delta also just announced new interiors for much of its fleet starting in 2025. Technology has also become a big choice to consider for fliers. United just announced it will offer free Wi-Fi using Elon Musk's Starlink system on hundreds of aircraft starting in 2025. Delta has offered free Wi-Fi to its SkyMiles members since last year. Decisions like buying new aircraft must be locked in years in advance. United has been making investments in sustainable aviation fuel, eVTOL and supersonic air travel, it even opened a pilot training school to be better prepared for the growth in air travel and a wave of pilot retirements. They do face a very strong competitor in Delta. Delta is still regarded as the standard setter for excellence among the three largest U.S. airlines. Where the gap is getting bigger is between United and American, which just seems to be falling further and further behind. United just reported higher than expected earnings and forecast higher airfares going into 2025. Its stock hit a high it hasn't seen since February 2020. United's when you just look at their overall earnings profile. Like they tend to be very weighted to the second and third quarter. That is the industry in general, but Delta tends to do a much better job on the shoulder months. So, if United can kind of figure out the off peak or shoulder timeframes a little bit better, you could potentially see them, you know, get in line to overcome Delta at some point. But the reality here is that, like, there can be two. You know, I don't think all airlines are the same. I think every airline is different. And this wheel of investment and growth is what we're on. It's a really powerful wheel, and once you're on it, you want to stay on it and you want to keep pushing forward. And I do think that 5 or 10 years from now, consumers will know without a doubt that United is distinctly different than most of the other competitors they can choose to fly. As if late-night comedians needed another reason to make fun of Spirit Airlines, the discount pioneer filed for bankruptcy in November. "You're trying to tell me they weren't in bankruptcy this entire time?" The number of passengers boarding U.S. airlines hit an all time high in For U.S. airline giants like Delta and United saw their stock prices soar last year, but Spirit Airlines was down 90% before it filed for bankruptcy. Spirit has had one challenge after another coming out of the pandemic. The airline industry has been dealing with supply chain issues and rising fuel and labor costs. In addition to that, Spirit has struggled with an engine recall, grounding dozens of its jets, weaker than expected sales and a failed acquisition with JetBlue. Everybody is dealing with the fact were in 2019. Airlines that have shown more success have greater exposure to premium and corporate, which makes sense because those are the kind of demand segments that you could pass through more of the cost easily. The icon of budget air travel in the US has not been profitable since 2019, 2020. It is the first major U.S. airline to file for Chapter 11 since American Airlines 13 years ago. CNBC explores what drove the airline to bankruptcy and what's ahead for the carrier. Spirit Airlines is known for its bright yellow planes and cheap fares: a business model that helped reshape the airline industry. Before the pandemic, Spirit was one of the more profitable U.S. airlines. They became wildly successful for a pretty simple business model. They offered a rock-bottom fare, and they charged fees for everything else. Everything else includes bags, both checked and carried on, seat selection, it even charges for water. It started its à la carte model in 2006, spearheaded by its CEO at the time, Ben Baldanza. Spirit Airlines was very successful in driving down fares and many markets, the larger competitors, the United's of the industry. We're trying to compete with them and it sparked fare wars and ultimately for consumers looking for cheap flights. It was great. Spirit is often ranked as one of the safest airlines in the U.S., but it's also been ranked one of the world's worst airlines due to customer complaints. "Guys, never fly with Spirit." "Y'all want to get on this flight or not?" "Yes we do, girl." "Alright, so everyone's going to shut up, and we're going to say this once, and we're only going to say it again because we're frustrated as hell." "Yeah." After a steady streak of profits, the company has struggled to earn money since 2019. The pandemic was devastating to all the airlines, but that was just the start of Spirit's financial woes. Passengers have since returned in record numbers, but airlines are facing shortages of new planes and higher labor costs. The industry having costs that are 30% higher than they were in 2019. All fares have to be about 30% higher than 2019. So, when you are catering to the market that's more price sensitive, it's going to be harder to pass through those costs. Airlines like Spirit and Frontier are built on a model that depends on keeping costs low. Coming out of the pandemic, nobody had low cost. Pilots were in short supply, you saw these enormous bonuses being handed out, new labor contracts came out. Spirit was among them. They bumped pilot pay more than 30% over a couple of years. And that was a big cost to them. Inflation, the same way that it affected consumers, it also affected airlines. On top of that, many airlines had to shift growth plans due to the delays in aircraft deliveries. Spirit, who has an all Airbus fleet, was affected by a Pratt & Whitney engine recall that grounded dozens of its jets. So, this has been a bigger drag for Spirit. It has by far the largest exposure to this issue. That kind of limited its capacity. You need those planes to make revenue and get people on board and bring cash in the door. The other thing is that they have been in this M&A umbrella for two years. So two years of, you know, trying to figure out if Frontier or JetBlue was buying them. In February 2022, Frontier Airlines agreed to merge with Spirit, but a few months later, JetBlue came in with a $3.6 billion all-cash offer. In announcing this, you guys said during the extensive discussions held between Spirit and JetBlue, Jetblue itself admitted that a lawsuit from the DOJ seeking to block the merger was a 100% certainty. Let's be clear. Are you basically saying that JetBlue said to you guys, "Look, we know we're not going to get this thing through without having to go to court." Yeah, that's what they told us, which is, we agree with, by the way. And it kind of makes the whole thing, to the point of being illusory, it gets to that greater point. And it really does call into question what the motive here is. The executive team at Spirit told their shareholders, we think Frontier is the better option. The shareholders saw the all-cash offer, they turned down the Frontier deal and then they went for JetBlue. In January of 2024, a judge blocked that deal, and it ultimately fell through. Over the past decade, low-cost carriers have seen increased competition from legacy carriers like American, Delta and United. Spirit had become very successful, and the big airlines did not like that. They had a lot more firepower than, you know, little Spirit Airlines. And it saw that fares were going down in some of its key markets. They don't like someone coming in and offering these double-digit fares into their markets. So, what Delta did and sort of kicked off this industry trend was they offered their own sort of barebones fares: it was called "basic economy." Typically, a basic economy fare is very restrictive and only includes the flight. It is nonrefundable, non-changeable. Passengers can't pick their seat and board the plane later. A barebones fare on legacy airlines still comes with nonalcoholic beverages and a snack. On Delta and JetBlue, a basic economy ticket still comes with free Wi-Fi. What a deal to realize is that the base fare was a nice hook for the ULCCs, and by the time the passenger went through the booking process and put everything together, they were now paying a fair that Delta was willing to support. Travelers preferences have changed coming out of the pandemic, with many consumers willing to spend on better seats or perks like lounges. Delta said its premium revenue has outpaced standard seats for several years. United said it's been sacrificing economy seats to add more Economy Plus seats, its extra legroom It reported a 5% rise in premium revenue and 20% rise in basic economy tickets from a year ago. And as United upgauges, I think they're going to have more seats to dedicate to basic economy. But I look at that more as a defensive tool than a ULCC killer. But it does make life harder for ultra low-cost carriers competing in these large markets with the legacy carriers. The pressure on ultra low-cost airlines has led to some big changes. Spirit and Frontier got rid of most ticket change fees last year and started offering pricing bundles. That includes things they used to charge separately for. Also, while Spirit already offers travelers the big front seat, Frontier said it will install first class seats to its fleet. Frontier has also had a period of losing money, but they've had other challenges. Frontier CEO Barry Biffle said one of the biggest gaps in the company's revenue model came from not offering first class seats. Even Southwest Airlines, the fourth biggest carrier in the U.S., is making changes. The airline that has had open seating and one cabin service for over 50 years is now adding extra legroom seats and ending open seating to improve revenue. With Southwest, you're seeing a lot of just evolving with customer demand that maybe is 5 to 10 years too late, but they're making that change. You know, where they fly has changed, how full the planes have become has changed. And so, that brings a change in customer preference of wanting this surety of an assigned seat. As a result, airline cabins have become more segmented to offer different products for multiple price points. Many now offer more than just coach and first class. A long haul flight could have first, business, premium economy, extra legroom, regular and basic economy options. Everybody's kind of recognizing that people are willing to pay up for experiences, and it's interesting where most of the changes are happening is in the middle end of the experience segment. So, it's not first class seats that are getting added. It's really premium economy. That model is so important to airlines' loyalty programs, which is really what drives their profits these days. It's had enormous growth, these credit card agreements with some of the country's biggest banks, bring in billions of dollars for airlines. And if you don't offer products that customers can cash in those points for, then you're toast. Even though Spirit has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, that doesn't mean the airline ceases to exist. The airline will continue to operate and sell tickets for future flights. Analysts expect Spirit to come out of this process a smaller airline with fewer routes. One thing that is likely to happen in Spirit's bankruptcy is they need to get their costs in check, and they need to do it very quickly. They've already sold a chunk of their fleet to raise cash. They are also likely to lay off more of their workforce. They furloughed more than 300 but there is probably more shrink in the company to come. Merger talks could also resume in 2025. I think a combined Spirit and Frontier give them the best chance of really giving a good competition to the legacy carriers and the low-cost carriers, because you get a ubiquitous network, you get economies of scale and a lot of benefits that can help you go after that market. Spirit said in an emailed statement to CNBC that its new travel options and increased flexibility reflect our ongoing efforts to provide greater value and comfort, and that it is well positioned for long-term success and are confident that we will become an even stronger competitor upon emergence from the Chapter 11 process. With all of these challenges facing questions remain about whether the low-cost model is dead or if it's just evolving. They are recognizing that they can appeal to a passenger that wants a little bit better experience, like extra legroom, maybe a little bit more service in-flight. So, they are recognizing that and trying to appeal to that and expand their customer base a little bit more. But in general, I don't think the low-cost carrier industry is dead. It just needs to be resized for the current realities.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ginborgho [1 likes]: well farewell spirit
  2. @mariowilliams47: R I P Spirit.....
  3. @whatif5975: I’m not sure if we’re going to see TAROM flying for more than a couple of months. The last solution could be operating only with the remaining 4 ATR 72-600 to domestic and regional flights from Bucharest. And this is possible only if their other assets value more than their debts and European Commission’s aid. I think there are many chances to be the end soon
  4. @Acolyte-66: Who’s here after spirit’s collapse
  5. @AJ-dl7te: Its still a bus.
  6. @pbwmanagement: Boeing is "too big to fail" and is a fully entrenched recipient of corporate welfare  via the US taxpayer.
Boeing's CEO sleeps well at night and is stress free.
  7. @MsBeautiful0217: I went to Seattle for spring break
  8. @bingosunnoon9341: Reagan destroyed the unions and allowed airlines to pay starvation wages. What more do these clowns need?
  9. @jamesmasters4255: Dave calhoun was Boeing and was fired.
  10. @jsundberg5542: would be nice if airlines had friendly flight attendants who greet you and acknowledge you when ur entering the aircraft!!!!!
  11. @jsundberg5542: I have no sympathy if any of these airlines or companies go under.  it's all about profit profit
  12. @jsundberg5542: so if airbus has their own crisis who are we going to buy planes from??? a mess
  13. @lancemarshall241: Should I buy stock in Spirit Airlines?
  14. @lancemarshall241: Capture every market segment with differential pricing; put a different label with different prices for the same product inside!
  15. @lancemarshall241: Enjoy your Delta Dog Biscuit!
  16. @lancemarshall241: I bet your pilots would like some "junkies" whom have knowledge of pharmachology to teach them how to use stimulants without crashing or getting shot down!
  17. @lancemarshall241: I demand a French Chef with the 3rd corse of the meal being rock lobster tail and fellet mignon!
  18. @lancemarshall241: It wasn't a flop for one Norwegian who flew home from Las Vegas with $10,000,000.00!
  19. @lancemarshall241: It can be strange, the factors that constantly changing affecting businesses. How can you predict to have foreknowledge of the future?
  20. @lancemarshall241: How do you say Colombian, "Pardon me sir, do your Airports feature dogs, X-ray machines, or any machines that see into the bodies of the passengers?"

- Airline collapse: Budget carriers hit by fuel price surge | DW News: Kind: captions Language: en Is the era of cheap flying over? The Iran war has claimed its first casualty in the airline sector, the US discount carrier, Spirit Airlines. One of America's original lowcost operators had been in trouble for a while. But when jet fuel prices doubled due to the war, the airline folded. Thousands of jobs out the window, thousands of travelers stranded. And I want to know if this could set off a chain reaction in the industry. John Granock has spent decades in the business as an executive at Air Canada and is now an aviation management lecturer at McGill University in Montreal. John, this is what the company is saying. First of all, the sudden and sustained rise in fuel prices in recent weeks ultimately has left us with no alternative but to pursue an orderly windown of the company. Sustaining the business required hundreds of millions of additional dollars of liquidity that Spirit simply does not have and could not procure. John, what's your take on Spirit's demise? >> This was not a sudden demise. It's been uh in justestation, let's say, for at least a couple of years. uh they first went through this exercise of financial difficulty back in 2024 uh and decided to go into a first round of bankruptcy, a bankruptcy protection under chapter 11 uh and then a second round of um bankruptcy protection last year in 2025. And so they were doing some renegotiation of their debt. They had some monies coming in from additional lenders. Uh but what happened in the fall or in beginning of February with the the Gulf War and the and the price of jet fuel, you know, skyrocketing, it put an additional pressure on Spirit in terms of cash flow and they tried getting money from the federal government, of course, and that didn't work out. So on Saturday, >> why didn't that work out? I I I thought President Trump wanted to bail them out >> at President Trump's price. There's a price that President Trump wanted to exert on uh on Trump on the on the airline. It his terms were here's 500 million, but I want warrants, equity warrants worth 90% of the company if you default on the 500 million. So, and you know, I think that the the general uh consensus was that Mr. Trump was trying to get a get the company and flip it uh back into the market somehow some way, make some money on on the uh on the warrants. So, it it was a it was a kind of a shell game that was being played. Um I'm not sure whether he had a lot of support either from the from the from the House or from the Senate to do this. Um you know, the US has shied away from ownership of these the airline industry for years. So I I think it was just a ploy to kind of get somebody interested in spirit and it didn't work. >> Can you explain though to viewers? Some people have been saying online, you know, bailout worth half a billion dollars. The Iran wars cost the US$25 billion. Um isn't this airline worth it for American travelers? >> Oh, it is. It definitely is. You know, Spirits is the oldest ulcer carrier we have in North America. It's been around for, you know, 30 years. Ben Baldanza was a guy who started it, had some great visions, uh, of what this place could look like. You know, he was one of the guys who was involved in People's Express way back when. Uh, so Mr. Baldanz had a great design for Spirit. It was the first one out of the gate. Uh, in terms of an ultra- lowcost carrier, Southwest was there as a lowcost carrier, but Spirit came in as ultra- lowcost. They were the largest, the oldest, 134 airplanes. Um, and so they had a pretty good infrastructure in place and they were very popular, millions of passengers. Um, the problem was that the industry has changed in in the last number of years. The major carriers, the Deltas, the United and the American Airlines really were going after the ULCC's in a big way. They were basically having prices that were matching these guys wherever they wanted to put product in. Um so they were there was a lot of strong competition and the majors basically said there's no room left for ulc's in North North America or in America at least and um this is proving them right that uh spirit you know was the first to go. It is not the last to go. There are others that are in you know is in pretty close behind spirit. Uh but um you know they is the age of ulcc's over in the US. Well it is with the price of fuel the way it's at they won't survive much longer. >> Okay. Okay. Well, let's have a listen to what uh some passengers have been saying about this. >> People pay their money to be able to go where they want to go. And for you to cancel and not have no type of like backup resources for them or another way for them to get to where they need to go is kind of like that's messed up. A lot of people a lot of people that they they can't afford to buy another ticket. So that's that's bad. You don't do something like that to people. >> The affordableness that I was enjoying is now gone away. Uh has been ripped from underneath of me and it's just another wrinkle uh you could say uh in today's economy with everything else. >> So John, which airlines do you reckon could fold next? >> Oh my goodness. three. You know, the the list is um unfortunately getting longer as we speak. Um the next ones are probably going to be carriers in the US such as Frontier um and um JetBlue. Those are the two carriers that are most at risk. You have another carrier that's out there that might be on the edge called Allegant. Um and those are the three um carriers that are um left in the ULCC market. And if we have the price of aviation fuel creep up any higher, um, you know, their days are over. >> What are you saying to these executives? I mean, are you advising them in any certain way or are they all crossing their fingers and hope hoping that this is all going to be over soon? >> Oh, we've been, you know, we've been talking about this thing being over for for weeks, if not months. We didn't think this was going to be longer than 48 hours, if you remember. Um and so you know we're now into month number three. Um and no resolution in sight. Um you know the straight of hormones really is a choke point for world fossil fuel. One of the world's fossil fuel are sitting on the other side of that street of hormos in terms of delivery and nothing's happening. So the world is you know being held for ransom in this case and it's not just America with the fuel prices. it's um Asia uh as we see today and now soon to be Western Europe. Um probably in the next four or five weeks we'll start to see you know the impact not just on price but Europe and Asia are on availability and just you know the quantity of fuel. Doesn't matter how much you pay for it you can't have it. There's none left. So that's going to be the big issue we're going to be facing. >> Yeah. Let me run through some of the big airlines because they're responding in various ways to the surging fuel prices. United Airlines says ticket prices may rise by up to 20%. Lufanza is cutting 20,000 short hall flights into Air France KM is charging €100 or more for longhaul return flights since the start of the war. If the straight of Hamuz is unblocked tomorrow, John, how long before jet prices and fairs actually come down though? >> Fairs probably not. prices, you know, of aviation fuel, yeah, it will come down once we get availability. My problem with, you know, what's the state of the industry going to look like after that straight is open is that there are, you know, the major refineries in the Persian Gulf that were under attack, you know, at the start of the war and there were significant damage to those refineries by both missiles and drones. Um, we have no idea in terms of the state of those refineries and how long it's going to take for those refineries to be up and running. So even if the straight opens tomorrow, the stuff that's on tankers, yeah, will move. The stuff that really would need to get into a refinery or into a processing plant, yeah, it'll get there. The problem is the plants may not be in a shape for them to process and to create aviation fuel and diesel fuel. So, you know, it's it may take months, worst case scenario, a year, maybe two, where this situation does stay, you know, front of, you know, in front of our minds as we go through uh, you know, early 2027. >> And is it a classic case of economics in in which the consumers already paid a certain price and and the airlines are going to say, well, you know, they paid it once, they're going to keep paying this. Well, you know, when you have fairs go up, you know, and that's and that's been, you know, the the the hidden cost to all this stuff is, yes, we have search charges that the carriers are putting in place, but the North American carriers, Canada, the US, Mexico, suddenly in Latin America have not put sir charges in there. They just raised their fairs as United has said, you know, they said the threat is not to raise 20%. They've already done the 20% fair increase. So you have fairs in Canada and in the US today that have gone up at least 20% if not higher over the last four or five weeks. Now when you put fairs up the odds of those fairs coming back down slim to none. Uh search charges yes but fairs we're stuck. >> Are are there any carriers actually benefiting from this? >> I don't know. Benefiting could be an interesting word. I think that the question you have to ask yourself is that there are a number of carriers who have hedged fuel >> and hedged fuel for a few months already. >> So they've taken the situation that's saying well the world is expecting our fairs to go up because cost of fuel has gone up. >> So but but we really haven't incurred those costs just yet because we've hedged. So there the fairs have gone up. Has our costs gone up? Not yet. So they're making significant improvements in profitability by re by, you know, increasing those fairs with a steady cost of fuel, but that hedge is over in about two or three months and then they're going to get hit. So they're going to be losing some of their profits getting now. But >> yeah, you mentioned you you mentioned the term hedging. Let me just fill in our viewers. It means airlines are buying fuel contracts well in advance at locked in prices. And when the market spikes, they're not fully exposed, of course. Uh this graph here shows how much protection Europe's major carriers have built up. Ryan Air hedging 80% of its fuel needs this year. I was quite surprised. Maybe you aren't, John. Maybe you can tell me in a second. Lufanza, easy jet air, France, KM don't look too bad, but Whiz Air is just over half. Tell me what sort of a position does that put WhizAir in now? >> Well, I'd say all of them are in a position of of risk. Whiz air. Yes. You know that 40 when you ped 55 45% of your fuel is done on spot prices and spot prices right now are s are sitting around $180 US per barrel of aviation fuel whereas the spot price in beginning of February was about $70 a barrel. So you got two and a half times the price of fuel of aviation fuel that's going on out there. And so when you talk about the ways in which uh Whiz Air is get 45% of that increase is affecting their bottom line as we speak. Um and whereas Ryan Air is only 20% of that prices backing their operation. Question is these hedge contracts are over soon. They're not multi-year contracts. >> They're not even yearly contracts. their monthly contracts, quarterly contracts. So, I would say that those hedges um that they've had, yes, short-term benefit, but come June, July, August, um you know, if the prices of aviation fuel are higher or at what we are today or higher, which I think it will be, um you know, that hedge value is gone and uh you can't be hedging at that point in time. And could these guys physically run out of fuel if the straight of Pomos stays closed for months? >> Yes. And the International Energy Agency last two weeks ago um said that we're looking at six weeks worth of fuel in Europe. Now that count is now four weeks. So now we have four weeks of fuel left in in the barrel in those tanks in Western Europe. So that mean you know and that is just you know Western Europe. We have Asia that's out of fuel. We have Australia's got 28 days of fuel left. So there's nothing coming out of the Gulf of you know the Gulf or the Austral that had the last ship that went through there was February 26. Nothing's come out there since. So we are basically as we say in the business flying on fumes um you know over over the last few weeks and come the end of May we not we may not be flying much. And John, when I hear all of this, I think what ever happened to sustainable fuels? >> Good question. Um, we um the gap we we sustainable aviation fuel is real. It does they do produce it. It's there. Problem is is that the price of sustainable aviation fuel is through the roof. It's about seven times the price of jet fuel. Um, and the problem is we've only got about 3% of the world's aviation fuel being produced under SAFF, under sustainable aviation fuel rules. So the and the market's basically saying, you know, that SAF fuel in in the best of times when fuel was at 68 65 bucks a barrel was too expensive. Nobody's going to buy it. So we need a whole bunch of subsidies produce it sustainable aviation fuel. Now the price has creeped up of aviation fuel. It's a lot of gaps smaller between SAF and jet fuel. Still, um, we've got a lot of people basically saying it's still too expensive. We still want to have fossil fuels rather than sustainable fuels as as our base flying. So, it's it's got some traction, but nowhere near enough production capability to help us in these situations. And can you also explain why the industry works on such thin margins exposing them to price shocks like this one right now which passengers often have to pay insert charges as we mentioned or travelers suffer when certain routes are cut all together. >> Well, saying in the industry and it's been and it's been the saying for as long as I've been in this industry. Uh what's the fastest way to make a million dollars in the aviation industry? Start with 10 million. um and then you'll get to a million. The margins we have in industry in aviation industry um if you were an investor and you're trying to figure out you know where should I invest? Should I invest invest in trucking? Should I invest in rail? Should I invest in airline industries? The airline industry does not generate enough income to sustain the income or the the investment requirement for the in for investors. We make 3% margin a year 4% margin on a good year. Lanza, Air France, KLM, British Airways, you know, three 4% is what they make. So the slightest hiccup when fuel goes up the way it has, like doubled and triple, that chews up your margin for every flight you're operating, you're losing money. And so that doesn't make any sense. So you're choos chewing through cash reserves. As you saw with Spirit, they didn't have enough liquidity. >> And at a certain point in time, you're just burning through your cash. That's going to be the situation with carriers like um you know Allegent or or um Frontier and maybe the same situation with EasyJet, maybe the same situation with Whiz with their only 55% hitching. Um Ryan Air has said that if this continues through June, July, he might be parking 20% of the Ryan Air fleet. So you know it is real. It's going to happen. uh and you know the industry is really concerned about you know have we turned the corner in terms of affordable air transportation right now with the fossil fuel situation we have now it's going to be risky to see how is this industry going to be maintaining its affordability >> yeah short term I mean what's this going to mean for people wanting to take summer vacation here in Europe uh are we going to see a whole lot of people uh doing stations again, staying home, uh rather than the risk of possibly being left stranded somewhere around the world like I was in Australia just recently trying to get back to Europe. >> Yeah, it's it's risky. You know, summer summer 26 travel I've defined it to um to my colleagues and to the to the media as being a high-risk venture. uh that if you're going to be flying across the Atlantic um and you're going to be doing short hall trips wherever you happen to be, those short hall trips are going to be the first to be rationed away in terms of travel. Um they're going to be cancelled as Lux has canceled 20,000 short hall trips in Europe. That's going to be the business model that we're going to be seeing happening throughout Western Europe. The Italians last week or two weeks ago basically said any flight under three hours operating out of Milan. Sorry, we have no fuel for you. So that's starting to happen in Asia. You know, Vietnam basically has said the only thing flying is going to be long haul 6 hours or plus that we have fuel otherwise forget it. So the the world of short hall travel will be affected. long haul travel. We have the FIFA World Cup in North America that you know would would be protected uh to fly across the Atlantic to come to North America for the FIFA World Cup. But post the World Cup even international longhaul flights might be affected by some of this rationing and shortages >> and whether or not uh we we see fewer flights or or the demise of the discount airlines. Uh, I mean, all in all, it sounds like flying is about to become unaffordable for millions of people around the world. >> I, you know, you hate to be, you know, purveyors of gloom and doom, but I think that you're seeing a situation now where the industry knew this could have been a possibility. this, you know, the straight of horses we've known all along was a choke point, >> you know, and the choke point, you know, welcome to the world of of risk management that, you know, the question is, is that choke point going to be opened up soon? We're going to see very shortly if it can or can't. Uh, but right now, um, that choke point is really causing the industry to come to grips with, you know, we have growth opportunities all over the world for aviation. You know, Boeing and Airbus have said, you know, we can sell thousands of airplanes because people want to fly. At what price are you going to fly? And I think that, you know, your point about affordability and, you know, looking at, you know, $49 fairs in the US, those days are gone. you know, my front, you know, European flights at, you know, 39 euros between Paris and Rome, they're still around, but you know, the odds of those flights and those fairs staying through this crisis and the carriers offering those chairs, um, those are high risk. So, I think that, you know, we're going to be in a situation where we're going to have to start, you know, understanding that, you know, using air travel as a means of generating growth, tourism growth, infrastructure growth. I think we may have to come back and reook at that whole business model again. I don't think Boeing and Airbus are going to be selling all those airplanes because nobody's going to buy them because nobody can afford to fly them. And I think that's where the big issues that we're going to be facing over the next few years. So, it sounds like the industry is coming full circle that it's just going to become something that the rich can do. Um, I mean, what's what's all this going to mean for global tourism? >> Well, you know, tourism is getting a hit now, as you can tell. You know, we've seen many many cities, many locations start to put in tourist taxes. Want to go take you want to go to the city of Coliseum Monroe, €10. You want to go see the Spanish Steps, 5. want to walk, you know, the Las Ramblas into Barcelona, it cost you €10 to get in. So there there is a movement of foot among various high high demand tourist areas to kind of, you know, look at trying to manage the the crowds that are coming in and to say, wait a second, we can't be sustainable within with this all this demand for tourism. So, we've got some pressures being put on us by communities, by these high demand tourist areas that are saying push back and say, "Wait a second, we can't do this anymore. We have to come put some controls on." Uh, and that's happening around the world. So that pressure, fuel pressure now saying in terms of, you know, the airfares that got people around for 49 or 59 euros all over Europe, that's not going to happen anymore because the price of fuel is driving everybody crazy. Uh so there is there is going to be a reckoning taking place in terms of how much is it that the airlines need to have in terms of prices to afford fuel in the future. And then contrast that with the constraints that the local communities are putting in terms of overcrowding. And I think you know you're right the the world is changing around aviation. We have to figure out you know what is the right sustainable level of flight at what price we make airfares available to in fact ensure that one that you know we we are supporting aviation to a certain degree but also making sure that we are environmentally sustainable. uh and then make sure that uh you know the the the industry can in fact sustain itself financially. We got we've got a couple of major hurdles to fight over the next few years. >> My next holiday is going to be by train. Former airline exec John Granock in Montreal. Thanks for your advice and time. It's been great talking to you. >> My pleasure, Ben. Till we meet again, take care. >> See you. And what do you think? Is cheap flying a thing of the past? Let us know in the comments. I'm Ben Fazul. See you again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Np37470 [1 likes]: USA WAR
  2. @joemontana8290: Thanks Trump
  3. @bnbgroovescasahawkeye947: With all dye respect, 
Donald Trump and his spineless GOP Representative', 
...have "claimed Their first casualty".
  4. @Yannickille: Flying is over😂😂😂
  5. @ninco55: Well a bit misleading. The Lufthansa cuts serve in first line to bypass basic union/ employee rights. Rights are applied only very selectively in Germany. You must belong to a big voter group to be protected otherwise no rights or at least rights workarounds are granted. Same outcome as no rights. This is mainly happening because of the biased media.
  6. @CristinaKal1: Ryanair is still good
  7. @ronanmullarkey: Is the era of sensationalist click bait headlines over? Does the collapse of an airline already in prolonged terminal decline mean the end for air travel? Will poor people ever fly again? No wonder the media's reputation is in the toilet.
  8. @teddydavis2339: For all of those European Trump supporters, I hope you all are happy.
  9. @michaelmaher6170: Hilarious - always a good laugh with DW
  10. @colinhall8998: MAGA eh?  What a joke. America is getting worse day by day for the average citizen and better every day for the well off. Well done Mr T.
  11. @Blablaywtf: Ryanair >>> Lufthansa
  12. @Damionlouiseverywhere: The moral of the story is:  Don't start a fight you can't finish, and do your research.
  13. @Nulimitz: The problem is is that the US is still dependenton foreign oil. We process oil here, but low grade oil, and then export it. We don't have the capcity to crete the oil needed to make jet fuel. So they money spent on Iran, could have gone to fixing infrastructure and creating refineries that could generate lower cost fuel.
  14. @edgehogR: This is no joke, alot of peoples job are on the line. Alot of customers tickets at risk.
  15. @anotherelvis: This could be a good thing.
  16. @ilona3793: Local communities will be big winners - finally, the amount of tourists will decrease
  17. @lazioboy01: The Western media would do anything but to blame the U.S./Israeli terrorists for this illegal and immoral war!
  18. @jz4057: Turns out the only thing trump “obliterated” in the Iran war is Spirit Airline 🤣🤣🤣
  19. @AlexCio: It might not be bad if less people will be flying 😊
  20. @amandaslade9072: That's not why they went under though is it, airlines buy fuel upfront

- Why Airlines Can’t Survive Without Loyalty Programs | WSJ Case Study: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Fully booked flights, limited bag space, and a kid kicking the window seat you paid an extra $100 for. - I am an extreme occasion FOC, fear of coach. - [Narrator] But that's the reality for the majority of people flying today. A stark shift from the days where air travel included complimentary cocktails and an in-flight piano performance. So, what happened? To understand, we have to go back to a decision made decades ago, when deregulation allowed airlines to set their own flights and routes. What was meant to make the industry more competitive, ultimately set off a race to increase profits and cement an airline's market share, leading to the world's first airline loyalty program. - It's hard to see how airlines could survive today without loyalty programs. - If we just started from scratch without it, I don't know. - [Narrator] Today, airlines make on average only about $13 in profit per passenger. But 2020 revealed that the loyalty program can hold a higher value than the airline itself. Here's the case study on how American Airlines created its own form of currency, changing the way the world flies and creating an entirely new business that has nothing to do with aviation. - This was back in an environment where airlines weren't full. - [Narrator] In the late 1970s, American Airlines was losing some of its grip on the market. - [Hal] De-regulation had meant that there were lots of new airlines. - Suddenly, it's a little bit of a free-for-all. - Everybody was trying to figure out how can we motivate people to fly more. - [Narrator] New, smaller carriers began winning market share by offering lower prices, and the competition forced the traditional carriers to rethink their business model. They wanted to keep flying the same routes, while maintaining prices, but not lose customers to competitors. - So, our advertising agency said to us, why don't you guys see if you can come up with some kind of a prize? - [Narrator] The company brought together a small team to brainstorm. - Bob Crandall, he was the chief executive of American Airlines at the time, and they brought in an outside consultant named Hal Brierley. - I definitely give Bob Crandall credit as the visionary who knew that incentives could drive behavior. - [Narrator] The team was inspired by price stamps, which could be collected at various stores and then exchanged for rewards like a watch or a new camera. And American transitioned that idea to give customers miles, the first iteration of advantage. - I think it did sound like a sort of simple idea at the time that if you give people some kind of prize, they might buy tickets. - [Narrator] In the early days, that simply meant a free flight. American Airlines was betting that the business the program attracted would be greater than the cost to redeem the reward. But to nail that, American needed to set the right benchmark. The company knew that its average consumer flew about 40,000 miles a year. - Setting 50 meant, concentrate your travel, fly on us more. - [Narrator] The team also implemented a specific one-year time limit for the program and developed a way to track their customers. - They knew this was Tom Jones, who flew from Miami to New York. They didn't know if this was the same Tom Jones who flew to Paris last month. - Computerized reservation systems were still new and innovative and just getting off the ground. - [Narrator] To solve this, American linked its reward and reservation system and assigned customers a specific number, inspired by rental car company Avis. - The goal was to know which customers were the most profitable. Obviously, if I knew what you flew last year, I can design incentives that will reward you for incremental spend. - [Narrator] After more than a year of planning, American Airlines lodged advantage on May 1st, 1981. (bright music) - [Alison] It seemed like the reaction was almost immediate. - [Narrator] United matched within a week, and shortly after, TWA, Continental, Northwest Orient, Breneth, and Texas International all followed. - And literally, by September, every airline but one had a program. - [Narrator] But the secret weapon American had over its competitors at the time was just that, time. - They had a one-year lead. - So, the other airlines had not done the planning necessary to keep track of the miles. While they were figuring that, we were signing up their customers. - American thought that we might have 500,000 people. We signed up in the first year, a million people. - [Narrator] But the influx of competitors through a wrench in American's lead. When United launched its program without a one-year time limit on the miles. - I think a lot of the airlines thought it was a one-year promotion. And it might have been a one-year promotion had United not made it open-ended. - [Narrator] American quickly removed its limit as well. - And of course, the consequence of that is that every frequent fire wants to belong to every frequent fire program. And they do. - And that's totally destroyed the initial economics. (light music) - [Narrator] Without the time limit, the airlines found themselves once again one-upping each other. Over and over and over again. - I said we need a gold program. We need something that recognizes the top two percent. - [Narrator] This created a system to determine levels of incentive. The more miles, the more incentives. Like a complimentary first-class upgrade. These upgrades were also a way to accustom flyers to the more expensive accommodations. So that eventually, they would buy that option on their own. - [Bob] Now the advantage from them is hugely profitable because the value of the prize is proportional to the amount of business. - [Narrator] Miles became a sort of currency as frequent flyer programs began attracting attention and capital from outside the aviation industry, specifically from banks. The airlines began selling miles to these banks in exchange for cash. The bank would then offer these miles to their card holders as a reward. But this movement that passengers aren't an airline's only customer. - I mean, for the airline, that's great because it means they get revenue from all sorts of goods and services that you buy that are totally independent from travel or travel demands. - So, the advantage problem has become the business in its own right at a very profitable point. - [Narrator] But by awarding miles for spending, these programs were no longer just about frequent flyers. Instead, it's about money spent. - How much did you spend on your ticket becomes more important than how far you're flying. So, you don't necessarily need to be a road warrior whose boss sends you out on business travel four days a week to have a shot at this. You can get there by spending under credit card. - [Narrator] Prompting the debate. Have airlines become more like banks that just happen to fly? - I think the airlines disagree with that, and the flying is sort of the point. - There is no program without the airline. - But in terms of the role that the programs play in their finances, I mean they have become really prominent, and it's hard to ignore. I mean, today, often in some quarters or some parts of the year, the actual airline operation doesn't make money. You know, costs more to fly passengers around than they pay the airline. What can fill in the gaps is the loyalty program and the co-branded credit card that gives airlines a little bit of revenue every time a customer swipes that credit card. - [Narrator] In 2023, American Airlines brought in $5.2 billion from its credit card and other partnerships. And Delta, $6.6 billion. But the offerings promised in a loyalty program have become more competitive as the audience grows. Now, customers are paying for these accommodations. By 2022, and silary revenues like that made from seat upgrades and baggage fees accounted for about 15% of total airline revenue. - When I started, when you bought a ticket, everything came with it. Whether you consumed it or not. What we've been able to do over time is actually create more products that enable customers to pay for what they're going to consume. - [Narrator] And airlines are constantly recalibrating their programs to keep their economic edge. Whether it's changing the benchmarks for a certain status or increasing the number of miles it costs for a flight, - Airlines have full control over how much a mile is worth and how much to charge for a flight. So, you are kind of at their mercy when you're participating in this program. - [Narrator] Some consumers have called these changes devaluations, drawing scrutiny. In 2024, the Department of Transportation launched a probe into the four largest airline loyalty programs, describing the rewards programs as potentially unfair, deceptive, or anti-competitive. - A lot of people really seem to believe that airlines want to make it as hard as possible to use the miles. And every airline executive ever talked to has said that's not true. - I want people using their miles. I want them to find value when they use their miles. - But I do think there's a frustration when airline miles get devalued. And then suddenly you can't buy the flight that you thought you'd be able to buy because their miles are worthless. - [Narrator] In response, an airline trade group said that loyalty programs are a way for airlines to compete for customers. But the program's impact on consumer decisions may also be dwindling. Research by McKinsey showed that these programs' ability to change flyer's behavior declined between 2017 and 2021, and again between 2021 and 2023. So, in order for loyalty programs to keep their alert, airlines like American are looking to expand the scope of where people can spend and earn miles. - Things that you can buy with cash we want to make available with miles, and we also want to change even the experiences that you can use your miles for. - [Narrator] But like with any change, comes the risk of overcorrection. - We've seen cases at other airlines where they've made big changes and had to sort of walk some of them back, and it's kind of a constant iteration. - [Narrator] Which means that while you might be able to earn miles almost everywhere, how much they can get you is still up for debate. Thanks for watching. If you want to learn more about how loyalty programs have transformed, watch our extended interviews with American Airlines VP of Revenue management and loyalty Scott Chandler and former CEO and chairman Bob Crandall. Click the link here to watch on wsj.com.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [61 likes]: Watch exclusive interviews with the creator of the first airline loyalty program and American Airlines VP of Revenue here: https://on.wsj.com/48Ktx8V
  2. @westonmikulich5246 [1 likes]: when I joined, mileage programs charged 12,500 miles for a one-way ticket anywhere within the continental US.  Now, the number of miles needed to book a flight is based on what it costs in dollars, with each mile worth a penny toward the ticket cost.  You might be spending 50,000 or 60,000 miles for a one-way domestic coach flight.  That's how the mileage award was completely devalued, by like a factor of 500%
  3. @KDieter [1 likes]: he airlines have the best cash flow
  4. @StriderBillman [1 likes]: Some credit cards linked to an airline loyalty program have an annual fee, and it takes a long time, perhaps a few years, to build up enough miles for a free flight with normal, non-rich spending habits. That's assuming you don't instead use a cash back card.
  5. @AntonTsai-z1p: @7:13 bro just said "we charge for things that used to be free" interesting PR move ala Kempczinski
  6. @arseniclullaby87: ANNNNNNNNNNNNNNN THEY KEEP MAKING THE LOYALTY PROGRAMS WORSE AND WORSE. DELTA JUST COMPLETELY NEGATED THEIR ENTIRE VALUE.
  7. @user-ul5wq3kv4p: How can you get people to fly more..  Well I assume the average person doesn't have disposable income. Generally people that can even fly once per year for vacation etc are already better off than the average person.
  8. @69evan69: Airliners are just credit card companies and financial institutions that just so happen to own airplanes
  9. @patthonsirilim5739: Nothing happen air travel is still extremely luxurious with extravagant food lounge and booze with many perks for first and business class the only change was the addition of coach/economy back in the golden era poor simply didn’t fly the only people who fly are rich people or essential people when you seat in today first class you would not complain about space service or the quality of food
  10. @pammckinnon143: too bad about the music.  detracts from the info
  11. @carsonho9338: I rather drive then flying in a pathetic 31” pitch for 2+ hours commute
  12. @luwado: juice
  13. @power4things: Air Canada Aeroplan is worth more than the airline.
  14. @gdkpskdkps: Not sure if they will survive Donald Trump, the horrible Felon! 😢
  15. @StriderBillman: If you have miles, use them. They devalue over time as destinations require more and more miles.
  16. @ytwatcher2021: I just have almost all loyalty programs and still just buy the cheapest ticket the exception being long haul/long international where i might consider upgrading to buisness class at the gate if possible
  17. @iamsteve121: Airline miles expire to easily now for some airlines.  It sucks
  18. @thegoat486: This is only for America
  19. @3APNHA: 3:03 "just getting off the ground" 😂niceeee
  20. @Bugulicuguli: 7:22 Do they really have the audacity to say ENABLE customers??? Yes, when you bought a ticket it came with luggage because, guess what, people NEED luggage when they fly. And I'm not talking about a weekend trip to Italy where you can get away with one backpack. I'm talking about weeks-long trip overseas where they charge you hundreds of dollars for one suitcase. They kept the ticket costs all-time high while stripping customers off all benefits. And somehow we did allow this to happen.

- How the aviation industry plans to overcome its crisis | DW News: Kind: captions Language: en well the foreign Borough International Air Show has resumed after a three-year Hiatus due to the pandemic it kicked off with a major deal announced between Delta Airlines and the American aircraft maker Boeing Delta said the order for 100 Boeing 737 Max 10 aircraft will help modernize its Fleet and that it expects the max planes to reduce fuel consumption by 20 to 30 percent the order is great news for Boeing which has recently struggled to compete with its European rival Airbus well for more on this deal I want to go to our correspondent at the New York Stock Exchange Jens quarta now yens Boeing has really struggled to keep up with Airbus after its Max 8 was involved in deadly crashes in 2018 2019. now this Delta deal is the latest in a series of 737 orders does this mean Boeing is finally moving past those crashes well Christie it definitely is welcoming news so there's no doubt about it especially as Delta has not ordered any uh planes from Boeing for quite some time and the last biggest order is about more than 10 years ago um also what is quite astonishing is that we've seen this big order despite that those Max 10 planes do not even have official approval yet in the United States um and there's still a certain chance that maybe a Boeing has to cancel the production all together but now we have this big order in total Boeing has more than 700 orders for those 737 Max 10 planes so that is definitely some good news but yeah it's going to take some time to fulfill those orders and the slim chance actually that Boeing might not get the approval in the next couple of months might be one reason why the stock of Boeing actually didn't do that much um here in the Monday session Jens quarter thank you so much well our correspondent Jack parrick is at Farm Bureau despite the chaos currently plaguing the industry he saw quite a lot to be excited about the new Boeing triple 7x a giant and it's one of the star attractions here at the farnborough International Air Show the event was ignited by the news that Delta Airlines had placed a firm order for 100 of the triple 7x's smaller brother the Boeing 737 Max a deal worth over 17 billion euros the ultimate customer the aviation Market has been severely hit in the past two years you know there's no hiding that's there's no secrets but it it is an industry it's also in recovery and you need positive signs of that recovery and what better example than the Boeing deal that you just talked about elsewhere at the show the scaling up of commercialized delivery drones was brought into focus with the British business secretary announcing a 300 million euro investment in drone super highways good news for developers and manufacturers here who say initiatives like this will clear up a messy regulatory landscape especially for us we have clients for all over the world asking different questions and we in in many ways we we don't know what to say because we don't know all those laws and everything that that is now in position so we think that this is starting point for drones also significant attention landed on the Prototype air taxis they may look futuristic but the companies making them reckon they'll be fully operational by 2030 even well let's cross to our correspondent Jack parrick who is in Farber for us great to see you and to see the planes behind you uh what's the mood like there because we all know about the well-documented problems facing Airlines and airports at the moment but what about exhibitors at farnborough yeah that's right Rob this is a very interesting type of air show obviously the the priority for the exhibitors is to show the best of the global aviation industry but passengers around the world and especially here in Europe are seeing enormous lines and cues and troubles and cancellations at major airports like London Heathrow like Amsterdam skip hole and in fact all across the continent so the mood here is trying to show what the best of the new and future business is but an understanding that they need to focus on what's what's really important which is keeping people moving at the moment I think what's interesting from a very initial scan of the exhibitions here is that a lot of them are not only about the sort of traditional Airline Industries your boeings your lockhead Martins and all of these companies but also there's a lot of different exhibitions with things that look sort of like small flying cars essentially very futuristic and I think that's something that farmer is trying to look in to to make sure it bleeds on the on the progress of the aviation industry you mentioned Lockheed Martin we can see some military jets behind you there obviously are also a key bit of context that this is the war in Ukraine now is that's something that's that's altering how the exhibitors are approaching this year's farnborough yeah it definitely is as you can see yeah there's some some fighter jets behind me there's a lot of military helicopters uh just over there the question is sort of what does this mean the context of the the war in Ukraine we know obviously that NATO has said that Ukraine's military should be swapping into Western military uh supplies so that it's interoperable with NATO rather than the old Soviet uh equipment that it traditionally uses but Ukraine's military is unlikely to be buying these sort of airplanes instead they you know they're using uh different um sort of aircraft anti-anti-aircraft missiles essentially that are being supplied by Western allies in a large part so the question is what does it mean for for this industry because these planes will be being sold to to the British Military and to the U.S military but there is as you say there's a sort of context here there's an understanding that that war in Ukraine against Ukraine is having an impact on every single industry because it is a large part of why Aviation is struggling as well well and just very briefly if you can normally billions of dollars or euros worth of deals are struck during these these air shows is it looking the same this year yeah so the the real focus is on the deals that Boeing the American Airlines aircraft Builder is is signing now we understand that between Delta and Lufthansa around 50 and 15 billion dollars worth of airplanes being sold including the 777x behind me which is sort of the big enormous star of this show that everybody is uh is coming to see all right jack parrack at farnborough for us thank you very much

  Top Comments:
  1. @starpier [4 likes]: I am sticking with Airbus for now. I lost faith in Boeing putting safety first.
  2. @artur7301 [2 likes]: Good for Boeing a.k.a. the flying coffin
  3. @reetapal7699 [1 likes]: Very good
  4. @K.Katarina: Divert away from London towards America, it quicker anyway
  5. @Royalearthangel: Criminal states like Russia and her allies can scoff at sanctions all they want.  They scoff at any challenges to their perverse ideaology.  We all can choose lawlessness of terror states; or, we can stand for righteousness.
  6. @gautamkumar-py7qq: I wana fliy in flight
  7. @hafizurrahmank4980: Very good step this video
  8. @kirtipatil2524: Nice
  9. @gagandeepkaur5015: Nice aviation information
  10. @HealthandBeauty786-e3t: Nice newscaster
  11. @vicentevilches6158: cool
  12. @Omoajayi84: Resolving the crisis is a very important step.
  13. @rajchetrylalkai: Is the 737 safe or not?
  14. @nazimrasool8007: Really nice content video❤️
  15. @mosesoruada8828: Good
  16. @AnuAnu-jw6ss: Good
  17. @georgeclarke163: Just total rubbish. If the Max10 ever gets built let alone delivered it will be a miracle.
  18. @aliboss52: Is the 737 safe or not? Is she fit to fly? Is she trustworthy.
  19. @cherubimcherubim9515: Boeing cant survival only with domestic market. Boeing’s super crasher. Boeing said it expects Chinese airlines will require 8,700 new airplanes by 2040, valued at $1.47 trillion, as commercial air travel demand grows.
  20. @jayeshmonlbs: half of the price will be insurance ..LOL

- Airlines Set for Another Good Year in 2026, IATA Says: Kind: captions Language: en Willie, good morning. Thank you very much indeed for the time. Willie for the last few years, this report has been dominated by the americans. They've led the financial league tables since, I think probably Covid. Yet this year it's the europeans that have taken over. And next year it looks like it's going to be the same story. Willie. What's changed? Yeah. Good morning, guy. I think a couple of things. Obviously, growth in the U.S. in North America has been relatively low compared to other parts of the world. Europe continues to do well. I think a weakening U.S. dollar obviously benefits airlines who are not U.S. dollar denominated. 50% off in their large cost basis, typically in the U.S. dollar. So if you see a weakening dollar, it typically would benefit airlines in Europe. And so, you know, generally the demand for aviation in Europe is stronger than the U.S. So we see Europe in absolute terms overtaking the U.S. still in margin terms, both are doing pretty well. And the airline industry looking at another good year in 2026. Let's stay in the United States for a moment. The Federal Reserve is meeting in Washington, D.C. today. The Trump administration would like to see rates coming sharply lower Willy. Let's talk about cost of capital. Say the Fed cut rates aggressively in 2026. How significant an impact would that have on the outlook for U.S. airlines? I don't think it has a major impact. Obviously, the debt levels in all airlines increased during the COVID crisis. Coming out of the COVID crisis, I think most airlines have done well to strengthen their balance sheets. But, you know, obviously the impact that it would have on consumer would clearly be beneficial. And I think one of the things we are seeing in the US is the weakening consumer demand as a result of the cost of living issues that have been highlighted there. So, you know, it would have to have a benefit for the industry. I think it would accelerate some. But in reality though, you know, capacity has been constrained by other issues in the US. Let's come on to those capacity issues in just a second. But just just stay with the consumer for a moment. You got a k-shaped recovery in America. The upper end of the income bracket is doing very, very well. The stock market is certainly helping as a result of which they be taking lots of trips abroad. The the strong dollar has helped out with that. You reference the fact that the dollar is beginning to weaken now. Do you think that kind of phase of of Americans travelling abroad is is going to peter out from here? We've seen certainly loads of them in Europe over the last few years. Is that about to change? I don't think it is going to change quickly. And you're absolutely right. You know, you look anywhere in Europe now, it's quite a lot of U.S. travelers, and I think they've come to appreciate the value on offer in Europe. So the weakening dollar may discourage some people. But quite genuinely, if you look at here I am in Geneva, you know, the ski markets were seen being really dominated by U.S. travelers because the cost of vacationing in Europe is significantly lower than doing so in the U.S.. You mentioned a moment ago some of the capacity constraints that have been hitting the industry. Boeing and Airbus obviously are names that instantly spring to mind. But the engine manufacturers as well. What's been happening at Rolls-Royce, Pratt, Whitney and and General Electric to a certain extent, but but less so how have been impacting this industry? Do you think these are these are businesses that come on huge margins, Willy. And I'm just wondering whether or not you think the airline industry is getting the kind of the wrong end of the stick on this one and whether things are going to improve from here? Well, I couldn't put it better myself. You know, you look at G.E. commercial engines margins for the first nine months of this year, 27.6% at an operating level. The airline industry looking at less than 7%. So there's a big disconnect between suppliers and the people doing all the work. And that just is not sustainable. So, you know, we're going to have to look more detailed at this because we've seen these margins increase in terms of GE, while, as I say, airline margins are pretty much stagnant. You know, net margins for us is about 3.9% this year, 3.9. Do you see some of the supply chain issues that have been hitting this industry over the last few years, just the availability of aircraft? Do you think that's going to improve in 2026? No, I don't really see any significant improvement. We're still seeing constrained delivery issues there. We've estimated that the cost of the supply chain disruption for the industry this year has been 11 billion U.S. dollars as a result of the delayed delivery of new aircraft, increasing fuel burn, increasing maintenance costs. So that will continue into 2026 and probably 2027 as well. Willey. The Trump administration has just rolled back some of the Biden era auto fuel regulations for the car industry. Do you do you think that would be a good idea for the aviation industry as well? Do you think regulation on fuel is too tight? Do you think both Europe and the United States should re-examine that? And if so, how? Yeah, Mandating fuels and the use of sustainable aviation fuel, I believe is wrong. What we need to do is to continue to encourage production. We've got a big disconnect between the levels of sustainable fuel being produced for the airline industry and the mandates that are in place, and all it's leading to is fuel suppliers making even greater profits on the back of the airline industry. In Europe, what we see happening is they're adding to the price of conventional jet to cover what they call compliance fees. In other words, the penalties that they may face if they don't meet the mandates that they're required to meet. So I think regulators do need to look at this again. You know, the industry remains committed to using sustainable fuel as the key element to reduce our environmental impact, but we're just not seeing supply being made available at the level that we require. Well, he put it all together. Fares what are they going to do next year? Is it going to be more expensive to fly or cheaper to fly in 2026? Now, we think it will actually be flat in 26 versus 25. Demand will continue to be relatively strong, about 4.9% open this year. That's slightly less than we've seen before, but still reasonably healthy. Okay. Final quick question. Asia. That's the bright spot. That's where the growth is coming through. But we've started to see problems. We've seen what's been happening in India over the last few days. Do you think we can expect turbulence as these Asian airlines grow as quickly as they do? Do you think what is happening in India with the issues that have happened with Indigo, do you think we can see those replicated elsewhere? Are these guys growing too quickly? No, I don't think they're growing too But what we did see was a change in the regulatory environment, which imposed additional restrictions on how they operate. And I think that issue, you know, has caused a shock, particularly in the the low cost segment, which is much more impacted by some of the regulatory changes that have happened. So I think things will stabilize. Guy, I think growth is going to continue to be particularly strong in the region as they see the value of aviation driving their economies. Well, he was the director general of IATA in Geneva. Sir, thank you very much indeed.

- Fear of Flying - EasyJet: Inside the Cockpit - S01 EP02 - Aviation Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Britain's Skies have never been busier&nbsp; every day 8 000 planes are flying over&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 million passengers and in the UK's 52&nbsp; billion pound Airline business EasyJet is&nbsp;&nbsp; the leader by flying more passengers than any&nbsp; of its competitors now for the first time it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not my best time with unprecedented access to&nbsp; the pilots you'll have a banana sandwich a what&nbsp;&nbsp; delicious and their cockpits we'll show you&nbsp; an airline like it's never been seen before&nbsp;&nbsp; okay and this year EasyJet planned to fly to&nbsp; even more destinations with more passengers&nbsp;&nbsp; more people expect a pilot to look like old&nbsp; and Haggard so they're taking to the skies&nbsp;&nbsp; with hundreds of new pilots haven't smacked&nbsp; into the ground you will and what's more the&nbsp;&nbsp; final stage of their training is on the job and&nbsp; we're coming along for the sometimes bumpy ride so let's buckle up with the&nbsp; captains and the wannabe co-pilots&nbsp;&nbsp; some of whom could be flying you to your favorite&nbsp; holiday destination a lot sooner than you think Paris home to Charlotte Airport after&nbsp; London's Heathrow this is Europe's&nbsp;&nbsp; second busiest airport with 1200 flights&nbsp; taking off and Landing here every day&nbsp;&nbsp; and out of the 59 airlines that are based&nbsp; here the second most popular is easyJet&nbsp;&nbsp; I would like to welcome you to uh flight 3805 to&nbsp; Prague this year they're on their biggest pilot&nbsp;&nbsp; recruitment Drive ever monster 650 are easy&nbsp; three six five shut down so good day one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the 300 rookies that's graduated from the class&nbsp; of 2017 is 20 year old Brian Clyde good so here&nbsp;&nbsp; you just have to ask for a pushback and it will&nbsp; give you a direction at the corner of the line&nbsp;&nbsp; today he's at the controls of his first&nbsp; flight with euro-paying passengers Ryan is there any questions anything you'd&nbsp; like to talk about before we go no any&nbsp;&nbsp; threats you can think of me training Captain Bert&nbsp; towerhouse will be keeping Ryan out of Harm's Way&nbsp;&nbsp; can you see just over the cabin when&nbsp; you're in the position yeah okay&nbsp;&nbsp; Just A Week Ago Ryan swapped his home in the Green&nbsp; Hills of Cumbria for the Chic streets of Paris&nbsp;&nbsp; despite being in the gastronomic capital of&nbsp; Europe he's already missing some home Comforts&nbsp;&nbsp; size white bread I'm crumpets oh I don't need a&nbsp; basket Ryan has been posted to Paris Charles de&nbsp;&nbsp; Gaulle one of easyjet's 28 European bases like&nbsp; all rookies he could be away from the UK for&nbsp;&nbsp; two years flying up to 16 flights every week it's&nbsp; very different and people are the hot things that&nbsp;&nbsp; are very French today is a big day for our boy&nbsp; from blighty no it's only one to ten probably four or five I think you just gotta be positive&nbsp; ultimately enjoy it as well I mean I'm just&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to focus on the excitement like I'm&nbsp; finding passenger for the first time it's cool I'm not gonna do for Ryan and EasyJet he lives&nbsp; just 20 minutes from Charles de Gaulle Airport&nbsp;&nbsp; I drive on the right drive on the right&nbsp; drive already well out of his comfort&nbsp;&nbsp; zone he now has the small matter of&nbsp; making his debut commercial flight today on the outbound flight Captain Bert flew&nbsp; to Prague whilst Ryan was in charge of talking&nbsp;&nbsp; to air traffic control Ryan is now flying&nbsp; the plane back into Paris Sean de Gaulle&nbsp;&nbsp; which means he'll be landing for the first&nbsp; time completely unbeknown to his passengers&nbsp;&nbsp; today and they were like oh my God your date&nbsp; of birth I was like yeah 96. Spice Girls but yeah don't worry give it a couple of years&nbsp; with all the fly that we do he'll be like glad&nbsp;&nbsp; the girl has already coming through here it's not&nbsp; good let's get on Tinder quick while I look good&nbsp;&nbsp; and that door closes it's just kind of you&nbsp; and the captain and it's just you two in the&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft and you do kind of forget that&nbsp; there's 186 pain people sat behind you&nbsp;&nbsp; it's mad but uh you can't go on that in less than&nbsp; 30 minutes Ryan will have to land this Airbus A320&nbsp;&nbsp; at one of the most congested airports in the&nbsp; world I'm gonna start defending us very soon&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah to make it even harder it'll be in the&nbsp; dark any questions don't hesitate to ask okay&nbsp;&nbsp; what is the meaning of life with lots&nbsp; of black coffee we can discuss that is although there's radar on board to&nbsp; detect other planes the cockpit has to&nbsp;&nbsp; be as dark as possible so in an emergency&nbsp; Ryan's eyes are adjusted to the low light The Lending to be too harsh just two weeks&nbsp; ago on his first and only training flight Tim was forced to take control and abort the&nbsp; landing altogether a toga 10 in Pilot speak an aborted Landing with passengers could&nbsp; be frightening especially for one Traveler ezy3806 has started its descent&nbsp; into Charles de Gaulle okay which at this time of the evening&nbsp; has a plane landing every 30 seconds and keep an airline going and and yeah the&nbsp; impacts of a bit of a fur London on a nervous&nbsp;&nbsp; fire it might be that they never choose&nbsp; to fly this year again which is a big deal thank you okay yeah reduced visibility at night Pilots are almost&nbsp; entirely reliant on the instruments in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of them she didn't touch that point where&nbsp; we're going to aim to touch it out yeah okay minimum 15 40 30 23 times thank you that must well though yeah I threw it up yeah&nbsp; reason about me yeah I think Landing is the&nbsp;&nbsp; best part of flying but let's go home I want to&nbsp; go by train coming through this arrival please&nbsp;&nbsp; after successfully Landing it's Ryan's first hero&nbsp; moment saying goodbye to his grateful passengers luckily for them Ryan didn't have this chat when&nbsp; they bought it when you tell people the 20 it's&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of a mix between disbelief and kind of like&nbsp; oh wow you know you've achieved all this at 20.&nbsp;&nbsp; and uh that makes me feel quite&nbsp; proud actually when when people&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of recognize that and yeah yeah&nbsp; I have yeah I'm 20 and I fly plans here at easyjets training Hub at Gatwick is where&nbsp; Ryan first stepped into the cockpit of an Airbus&nbsp;&nbsp; albeit without passengers and today a new bunch&nbsp; of nervous trainees are about to follow in Ryan's&nbsp;&nbsp; footsteps you can come in a little closer it's&nbsp; not a rifle Ranger with the airlines drive to&nbsp;&nbsp; take on 300 new pilots this year it's another day&nbsp; at the sharp end of easyjet's training machine&nbsp;&nbsp; for xraf Captain Chris Kingswood this is one of&nbsp; those Milestone days for you okay this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; day you actually fly that big old jet each&nbsp; trainee has to land and take off six times&nbsp;&nbsp; without stopping in a maneuver called Touch and Go&nbsp; Landings we've got Christians safe pilot at James&nbsp;&nbsp; is a base trainer he's one of these incredibly&nbsp; annoying young and talented people for any point&nbsp;&nbsp; during today you hear James or myself say I have&nbsp; control relinquish control say you have control&nbsp;&nbsp; so we know you've heard us it's up to training&nbsp; captains Chris and James to decide whether the&nbsp;&nbsp; rookies are safe to fly passengers if they fail&nbsp; they'll send them back to the classroom there&nbsp;&nbsp; will inevitably be things that don't go well&nbsp; for them as well as they'd hoped and and a huge&nbsp;&nbsp; part of our job is to keep them calm keep them&nbsp; relaxed and just keep them engaged I mean it's&nbsp;&nbsp; great to have fun but the minute you add stress&nbsp; and pressure everything becomes a bit difficult&nbsp;&nbsp; there are 800 flights in and out of Gatwick every&nbsp; day so when you're about to fly a 70-ton jet for&nbsp;&nbsp; the first time it's better for the trainees&nbsp; and everyone else to practice out of gatwick's&nbsp;&nbsp; airspace look at the Beast the Beast aka the&nbsp; Airbus is the most common passenger jet flown&nbsp;&nbsp; in the world with one taking off every two seconds&nbsp; all right chaps so you're Gathering Captain Chris&nbsp;&nbsp; left the Air Force in 1996 however he still likes&nbsp; to run things with military precision there are&nbsp;&nbsp; very few things that aren't acceptable but a lamb&nbsp; Madras in the tech log is not acceptable to me would you do the honors darling this is going to a bad place James Captain Chris gets a chance to show off his&nbsp; Decades of flying experience sitting beside&nbsp;&nbsp; first officer Christian they're taking the&nbsp; rookie Pilots to a less congested airport&nbsp;&nbsp; 700 miles away in the south of France it's&nbsp; all checked I don't know why I keep saying&nbsp;&nbsp; that so in a gym coming out we don't&nbsp; need to talk about that fair enough okay we can retract The Landing&nbsp; lights please Christian don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have my cheese for them at the&nbsp; minute and let's go very much it's the end of blighty yep so we're&nbsp; gonna skirt just to the south of Paris&nbsp;&nbsp; I was based there for four years old I&nbsp; had to go very happy it's a nice base yeah today's goals is to get the trainees to&nbsp; land safely on the center of the French Runway&nbsp;&nbsp; and then immediately make a smooth takeoff first&nbsp; in the hot seat under Chris's Steely gaze is Tom by the way he takes his seat but only&nbsp; has a few minutes to get the feel of&nbsp;&nbsp; the controls before he needs to land the&nbsp; plane when coming into land the angle of&nbsp;&nbsp; the plane and its speed make the difference&nbsp; between a good or a disastrous touchdown but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Captain Chris is forced to&nbsp; take over the controls hey&nbsp;&nbsp; that was all a bit of a flurry wasn't it mate yeah looks like he's got his work cut out Luton Airport is where it all began for EasyJet&nbsp;&nbsp; back in 1995 with just one plane&nbsp; one route to Glasgow and 10 Pilots today EasyJet operate over 270 planes&nbsp; to cross 886 routes with more than 3&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 Pilots doing a Cancer all right see you later&nbsp; ex-british Airways pilot Captain Zoe ebery is&nbsp;&nbsp; on her way to Luton from her home which like all&nbsp; EasyJet Pilots must be within a 90-minute commute&nbsp;&nbsp; only three percent of Pilots are women it&nbsp; took seven years for her to become a captain&nbsp;&nbsp; it's an evolution rather than a step change it's&nbsp; a bit like when you first learn to drive a car&nbsp;&nbsp; you start off focusing on the mechanical aspects&nbsp; to widen your view and the blinkers become wider&nbsp;&nbsp; and wider and your view of everything becomes much&nbsp; bigger the more that you do and it's the same with&nbsp;&nbsp; flying an airplane Zoe is a member of a select&nbsp; club one of only 450 female captains in the world&nbsp;&nbsp; they could all fit into a single jumbo jet today she will be flying with first officer Steph&nbsp; Harris who joined EasyJet as a Cadet four years&nbsp;&nbsp; ago can we have 4.6 tons please staff is two&nbsp; pay grades behind Captain Zoe and it's her job&nbsp;&nbsp; to order their plane's fuel for their flight&nbsp; Bound for Rome that's great thanks very much Zoe's first job of the day is briefing her&nbsp; crew including a new cabin member Shanice that'd be fine be fine just be nice&nbsp; passengers don't mind they'll understand good morning hi there right are&nbsp; you ready for a very quick brief&nbsp;&nbsp; the chances of having two women pilots in&nbsp; the cockpit at the same time are 300 to 1.&nbsp;&nbsp; win today on the rummies from the right so if you&nbsp; have an engine fire on the right hand side it's&nbsp;&nbsp; a more critical turn to put the burning engine&nbsp; downwind but we'll turn towards a bike foreign Steph has 1865 flying hours under her belt and&nbsp;&nbsp; just needs to reach 2000 to&nbsp; become a senior first officer increasing her pay packet from 50 000&nbsp; to over sixty thousand pounds a year but her progression as a pilot could&nbsp; require making some serious sacrifices&nbsp;&nbsp; how do you feel about having babies you must like&nbsp; the idea because you've been talking about your&nbsp;&nbsp; being an auntie yeah because it's like with this&nbsp; I've been flying for two years qualified for two&nbsp;&nbsp; years so it's like if I had a child anytime see&nbsp; you in like all that money or that investment&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah and it's like take time out and then&nbsp; that kind of put the career on hold so it&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely does yeah having children as a first&nbsp; officer does delay your career somewhat yeah so I&nbsp;&nbsp; think it's good you can't fly so you can't clean&nbsp; the experience so you can't you know there's no&nbsp;&nbsp; there's kind of No Way Around unfortunately&nbsp; until until the men can have the babies and their dedication in the cockpit is&nbsp; something Laura and Shanice are very aware of&nbsp;&nbsp; I was working in there really hard yeah you always&nbsp; see the boys working talk to air traffic control how did you meet Alex I met Alex at the CAA&nbsp; the CIA what were you doing at the ca having&nbsp;&nbsp; a medical assistant what the class we're on your&nbsp; initial class one in your robe and everything I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't remember I didn't think&nbsp; we had ropes but we were although [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] briefly look what people expect a pilot&nbsp; to look like old and Haggard sometimes I&nbsp;&nbsp; say I work at Luton Airport then&nbsp; people just assume I'm a cleaner honestly well I remember I was&nbsp; sat outside in my gym for a while&nbsp;&nbsp; back and this passenger came with all the&nbsp; rubbishes was handed to me and I was like did you want people to shut&nbsp; Romeo were there Roger daughter back in the cabin new girl Shanice realizes one&nbsp; of her passengers needs some special attention&nbsp;&nbsp; no it shouldn't get much worse&nbsp; it's going to be a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; windy like coming into landing but it's&nbsp; nothing to worry about it is normal&nbsp;&nbsp; I've always been quite a nervous passenger I'll&nbsp; just shake and start like crying really so it's&nbsp;&nbsp; just like nerves and this horrible feeling it's&nbsp; a common problem with one in six Brits having&nbsp;&nbsp; a fear of flying if you need anything just in&nbsp; the bathroom no I like it are we dissenting now hello guess who you on a wee-wee&nbsp; yeah I'm coming now thank you cabin manager John joins Captain Zoe in the&nbsp; cockpit as regulations dictate two crew members&nbsp;&nbsp; must be present at all times enabling Steph&nbsp; to take a break remember your first paycom&nbsp;&nbsp; in your first landing I can just remember&nbsp; everything being really fast and me like&nbsp;&nbsp; really trying to like you know people keep up with&nbsp; everything how do you remember all the buttons&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just so much massive because we do the same&nbsp; things all the time one day I'll wear them Stripes&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah exactly one day yeah I will first officers&nbsp; have two stripes on their shoulder until they&nbsp;&nbsp; reach the rank of senior first officer and get&nbsp; three after that it's four and the rank of Captain&nbsp;&nbsp; oh wannabe pilot need at least five gcses and the&nbsp; mandatory one hundred and twenty thousand pounds pilots and there's motivating me to maybe&nbsp; applied for it I don't think I'm smart&nbsp;&nbsp; enough oh thanks well you know your free&nbsp; time table yeah and I'm not smart enough 10 minutes to seat belt signs Shanice&nbsp; checks up on her nervy passenger as soon as we hit the floor I'll be fine zy2211 is descending into Rome&nbsp; fumichino airport at 140 miles an hour I'll push you back in my chair like&nbsp; as if it's gonna help me stop them Steph Harris is now four hours closer to becoming&nbsp; a senior first officer with that extra 10 grand right clean turnaround time stood at an hour for&nbsp; nearly 50 years until the low-cost Airlines&nbsp;&nbsp; slashed that to just 25 minutes most glamorous&nbsp; part of the job this means even captains need to&nbsp;&nbsp; occasionally roll up their four striped sleeves&nbsp; making sure the safety card is at the front&nbsp;&nbsp; see that's the important thing and&nbsp; the week is your passengers haven't&nbsp;&nbsp; left their own personal possessions on board&nbsp; well their wannabe senior first offices check&nbsp;&nbsp; under the Bonnet to make sure all is ship&nbsp; shaped for the return flight back to Luton foreign cockpit above Southern France the cadets&nbsp; are getting behind the controls of a real&nbsp;&nbsp; Airbus aka the Beast for the first&nbsp; time today they're being assessed on&nbsp;&nbsp; their touchdown Landings and takeoffs failure&nbsp; will mean a trip back to the flight simulator next up for training captains James&nbsp; and safety first officer Christian&nbsp;&nbsp; is the only woman on board 22 year old&nbsp; Charlotte I have control she worked at&nbsp;&nbsp; a supermarket and took out a loan to pay&nbsp; for her training feeling all right yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; so far haven't smacked it into the ground so&nbsp; that's that's good you will one day don't worry Charlotte's first ever Landing in a 70-ton&nbsp; Airbus and she's spotted a potential problem s food strikes are most common at low altitude&nbsp; exactly where the cadets are spending most&nbsp;&nbsp; of their time today they make me a bit nervous&nbsp; that's right that come by yourself don't worry&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah there is that for the 8 000 flights that&nbsp; take off and land every day from the UK bird&nbsp;&nbsp; strikes are the biggest Hazard let's come&nbsp; in Secure first speed go and ask jid 1800 it&nbsp;&nbsp; can cause serious engine damage and on takeoff&nbsp; can Force planes to make an emergency landing&nbsp;&nbsp; but surprisingly Pilots are taught not&nbsp; to avoid them particularly when coming&nbsp;&nbsp; into land as sudden changes to the flight path&nbsp; can be even more dangerous well let's go away Charlotte correctly positions the plane for&nbsp;&nbsp; landing she now needs to remember&nbsp; her training and ignore the birds but she can't fight her instinct to&nbsp; avoid them and Banks sharply to the right 30. 20 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by the way&nbsp; is an instruction to pull the throttle&nbsp;&nbsp; back and slow down Charlotte&nbsp; lands way off the center line this manages to get back on&nbsp; course to take off successfully animals they'll avoid you can't go flying off to&nbsp; the right to avoid the first shallow I&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't even realize I've done that until&nbsp; afterwards so I was like no what have I&nbsp;&nbsp; done it we're in the whole approach now&nbsp; apparently women can multitask so yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; and vertically you've got to keep hold&nbsp; of both of them right yeah that was not&nbsp;&nbsp; good the constantly thinking what am I missing&nbsp; what am I missing he's doing really well don't&nbsp;&nbsp; overthink it just go with what you're seeing&nbsp; trust in it just do what you've been taught she has one more chance to make up for her mistake or it's back to the simulator 50 40 30 23 times [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] she Nails her last attempt and training Captain&nbsp; James is impressed Charlotte is now one step&nbsp;&nbsp; nearer to membership of this predominantly male&nbsp; Club that's bloody perfect wasn't it oh yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; Charlotte did you do that last Landing effect congratulations I enjoyed that a&nbsp; lot it's the first time a woman&nbsp;&nbsp; said that to him well done&nbsp; Charlotte you did do great a beast of a lover I hear&nbsp;&nbsp; more than a little flustered James needs to pull&nbsp; himself together before the next student's up front Runway three six four length the training&nbsp;&nbsp; captains and their rookie Pilots&nbsp; are about to return home to blighty&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 knots there's just one student left in the hot&nbsp; seat next to Captain James very nice how's it feel enjoy south of France mate only two weeks ago 24&nbsp; year old Jonathan was in the classroom facing the&nbsp;&nbsp; hardest exam of his life you will learn this&nbsp; from memory in 10 days all right no pressure the test is called type rating in Pilot lingo&nbsp; because it's about learning everything about&nbsp;&nbsp; the type of plane they'll be flying the Airbus&nbsp; this is the electrical system of the Airbus I'm trying to do it for memory&nbsp; see how much I can still remember&nbsp;&nbsp; he passes the exam with flying colors 9.31 oh what good onion now Jonathan needs&nbsp; to put the theory into practice&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm waiting on my track and gear down that's nice there's the runway&nbsp; happy with there it is yep good yeah that's perfect give up awesome your awesomeness top of the class on paper and now Top Gun&nbsp; in the air Jonathan well done buddy did&nbsp;&nbsp; you enjoy that I did you were great&nbsp; even top training Captain Chris is&nbsp;&nbsp; impressed yeah chatted uh I'm I'm bit my&nbsp; tongue off and my neck it's going well foreign with all the other Cadets&nbsp; making the grade it's time to head&nbsp;&nbsp; home to Gatwick I better strap in&nbsp; then be in for a smooth flight with&nbsp;&nbsp; Captain James Goring and first officer&nbsp; Christian De Silva taking the controls Pro James wants to show his rookies and chief&nbsp; Captain Chris how it's done would you mind if I did yeah when was the last flight uh I've&nbsp; only about two weeks ago sounds good to me Sunny settled weather of Southern France far&nbsp;&nbsp; behind them they're descending into the&nbsp; Cloudy gray of Gatwick welcome home guys that annoying Gatwick wind turbulent&nbsp; I'm glad you're doing the landing despite the conditions James knows&nbsp; he must land in a specific area of&nbsp;&nbsp; the runway called the touchdown zone&nbsp; or he'll risk running out of tarmac stay without porridge 50 40 30 20 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Captain James trains other captains but today he&nbsp; nearly missed the touchdown Zone it seems team&nbsp;&nbsp; sings didn't go according to plan it's a pilot&nbsp; chef was in the touchdown Zone and mistakes&nbsp;&nbsp; never go unnoticed inside the coffee well I think&nbsp; Chris Meyers James go on get over and done with that you're not that good mate before EasyJet Cadets are allowed anywhere near&nbsp; an Airbus they spend a few weeks at L3 Airline&nbsp;&nbsp; Academy's Bournemouth base morning flight&nbsp; instructors here teach Cadets how to deal&nbsp;&nbsp; with the most life-threatening scenarios any&nbsp; pilot can face Flying Blind in poor visibility&nbsp;&nbsp; complete engine failure and experiencing G-Force&nbsp; if the plane loses total control he's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to just show you how we recover from extreme&nbsp; Maneuvers something that you're not going to&nbsp;&nbsp; encounter again when you're doing your Airbus&nbsp; flying I hope at least the passengers hope&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe the aircraft suddenly finds itself on its&nbsp; back the training has got to be taught what to&nbsp;&nbsp; do in those circumstances how do you recover&nbsp; when you're upside down something you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; expect and hopefully you'll never expect them&nbsp; and hopefully be able to respond before you get&nbsp;&nbsp; to that situation 26 year old Sophie Turin is now&nbsp; 12 months into her two-year training and has just&nbsp;&nbsp; returned from New Zealand having nailed flying on&nbsp; her own with only a map this is the final stomach&nbsp;&nbsp; churning challenge before she starts her Airbus&nbsp; training incidents like the ones they're preparing&nbsp;&nbsp; for are extremely rare but if they do happen it's&nbsp; essential the pilot keeps a cool head today Sophie&nbsp;&nbsp; will have to endure dramatic turns and stalls in&nbsp; mid-air to recreate a disastrous loss of control&nbsp;&nbsp; are you going to feel sick do you think I&nbsp; feel sick to installing a steep turns so yes&nbsp;&nbsp; I always make funny noises and I'm about to&nbsp; feel ill I'm like oh don't start squeaking to avoid air sickness Sophie is Keen to employ a&nbsp; trick she learned at flight school in New Zealand&nbsp;&nbsp; so did Ed take ginger in New Zealand I think he&nbsp; did and then I heard of other Cadets taking it too&nbsp;&nbsp; what and it help with the&nbsp; air sickness yeah slightly people have different ways of&nbsp; managing air sickness and I've&nbsp;&nbsp; heard rumors that Ginger helps&nbsp; with any nausea you might feel&nbsp;&nbsp; if you consume Ginger before so they&nbsp; have settled for some ginger biscuits goofy will be flying in a plane they&nbsp; affectionately call there's the vomit Comet itself&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes you heard right the vomit Comet what if&nbsp; I throw up might take a sick bag did you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to sit back instructor Cliff Rand who's&nbsp; been taking people upside down for three&nbsp;&nbsp; years has his own strategy to avoid air&nbsp; sickness but he's keeping it to himself&nbsp;&nbsp; it's gonna be awesome it's a beautiful day where are you from where are you from it can be&nbsp; a fairly lively place of time up here Cliff will put Sophie through her&nbsp; Paces he'll be subjecting her to G-Force&nbsp;&nbsp; Pilots need to be able to cope with up to Four&nbsp; G's that's the same Force you experience on the&nbsp;&nbsp; Nemesis ride at Alton Towers it's the most&nbsp; expensive Fairground ride they've ever had&nbsp;&nbsp; your body weighs four times its normal&nbsp; weight forcing the blood to pool in your&nbsp;&nbsp; feet and putting so much pressure on your neck&nbsp; that you will struggle to hold your head up&nbsp;&nbsp; this is okay on a roller coaster but if&nbsp; you're in control of an aircraft one wrong&nbsp;&nbsp; movement or decision can mean the difference&nbsp; between life and death and not just yours Okay so just try and demonstrate for you&nbsp; what a sustained turn a 2.5 g feels like okay okay here we go just can't remember that feeling until&nbsp; two and a half she feels like okay next Cliff confronts Sophie with&nbsp; a pilot's worst nightmare a storm the engine off and the aircraft&nbsp; begins to plummet towards the ground passenger planes almost never stall but&nbsp; when they do it's crucial a pilot knows&nbsp;&nbsp; exactly how to manage this&nbsp; potentially fatal situation&nbsp;&nbsp; as she falls from three thousand feet Sophie&nbsp; has to battle to regain control of the aircraft by accelerating out of the dark okay ginger has served her well but&nbsp; can it last a 360 degree roll y that was amazing well it's been a pleasure thank you okay it's been&nbsp; really fun I was surprised but it was really good&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit of the Maneuvers and some stalling but&nbsp; after that you know we know what to expect and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's really good I feel a lot more confident now&nbsp; than I did before I before I left in that plane&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's a good day having survived the vomit&nbsp; Comet next up for Sophie is the Beast the Airbus ezy6794 is about to return home to&nbsp; Belfast from Faro in Portugal's Algarve&nbsp;&nbsp; at the helm is 24 year old&nbsp; Jonathan bruver so we have that one fresh from flight school it's the&nbsp; a-star student's first time at the&nbsp;&nbsp; controls of a jet with passengers&nbsp; on board so final block is 996&nbsp;&nbsp; that's it Captain Barry Russell is sitting&nbsp; alongside overseeing the trainee first officer&nbsp;&nbsp; ladies and gentlemen welcome aboard this&nbsp; easy test service this morning senior first&nbsp;&nbsp; officer Colin Lavin is ready to step in if&nbsp; Jonathan gets into difficulties it's nervous I've just been looking forward&nbsp; flight controls is that creepy oh what the first one yeah the important thing is to relax and enjoy it&nbsp; yeah it's your first take off the 150 passengers okay okay ready yes I said very nice how is that yeah fun yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; just lost the center line of the runway&nbsp; at the end yeah but you brought it back Jonathan left his English mum and Dutch&nbsp; dad in Holland to be posted to Belfast&nbsp;&nbsp; where he's living on his own for the&nbsp; first time this is home yes it is now&nbsp;&nbsp; I put my suitcase and my jacket in&nbsp; here it's a bit of a mess on there&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean I haven't got any more than that no a&nbsp; lot is it all my family and my parents they're&nbsp;&nbsp; probably more worried about me cleaning and&nbsp; cooking and washing and that day I'll be flying a few men have excelled in the classroom but there&nbsp; are some other on-the-job skills he has to master&nbsp;&nbsp; like the all-important passenger announcement&nbsp; so do you want to think about a PA perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; okay I've told them a little bit about the root&nbsp; you could turn around and say you know our cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; altitude so we're close to 33 000 feet over the&nbsp; bed Biscayne and for what for what Bay of Biscay come on Jonathan Dave bisque&nbsp; the stretch of water between&nbsp;&nbsp; Northeastern Spain and France&nbsp; you don't know your geography the passenger announcement can be nerve-wracking&nbsp; for any novice especially if you don't know&nbsp;&nbsp; where you are but Captain Barry has some&nbsp; helpful hints this is what you don't do&nbsp;&nbsp; the weather in Belfast is three one zero&nbsp; with 12 knots temperature 11 2.6 units 1029&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's northwesterly Breeze a few clouds I left&nbsp; the degrees we could say high pressure if you want&nbsp;&nbsp; all right so it's up to yourself you still want to&nbsp; keep one ear on yeah because and then you can just&nbsp;&nbsp; put us a button and talk into right so do you want&nbsp; to go have a chat with them I'll take control okay okay foreign with the announcement safely negotiated it's&nbsp;&nbsp; time for another cockpit lesson&nbsp; this time in Captain comfort food you ever have a banana sandwich what's wrong with a banana sandwich&nbsp;&nbsp; no no that and Chip buddies I never had&nbsp; a chip buddy but you like their buddies&nbsp;&nbsp; you know chips like fries yeah yeah so they put&nbsp; them in sandwiches in sandwiches yeah delicious 150 miles from Belfast it's time for&nbsp; Jonathan to start his first descent&nbsp;&nbsp; flight level six zero flight level six zero&nbsp; blue checks heading one two zero one five in the flight deck as the runway comes into&nbsp; view Jonathan struggles to keep a level approach the bow could be 40. the pressure is on but a&nbsp; quick correction and he's back on the&nbsp;&nbsp; runways Center Line very nice here first&nbsp; not even 320. for the passengers yep well how'd that feel yeah good&nbsp; very good first day out Jonathan&nbsp;&nbsp; I enjoyed it good that's half the bottle I&nbsp; thought that was a great landing so it is&nbsp;&nbsp; very good you wouldn't know it was his first&nbsp; time to show you already thanks very much thank you bye it's not a good first day it&nbsp; was good then really good yeah yeah a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of the guys are getting through now&nbsp; really really good at least switched&nbsp;&nbsp; on really good really good I can't&nbsp; wait till tomorrow to the next one great to finally get started they call that work&nbsp; this has been my focus ever since I was little&nbsp;&nbsp; and it always will be my focus it's&nbsp; just you're on top of the world ladies and gentlemen thank you&nbsp; for choosing the Bible please

  Top Comments:
  1. @7th_Ward_Lord59 [6 likes]: 1:12 i thought that was the stall horn 😂
  2. @acehigh1504 [2 likes]: I’m never flying this airline after watching this. They had a 20 year old rookie “learning” to land with a full flight of customers. I’ll pass
  3. @CommanderFlightYT [1 likes]: touch and go training in a jet is wild! in canada, first time you step onto a commercial jet, it is with passangers
  4. @finnishgovernment2583 [1 likes]: 14:35 only 450!!! yea that cant be true i call CAP
  5. @danielacevedo1711 [1 likes]: They fly with the cockpit door opened ????
  6. @chicut84: Era ora non fanno.mai volare nesduno "i baroni" come cazzo fa uno a impararese non guida lui ce poco da fare.  Devono imparare
  7. @MrJuulia01: Lol imagine failing so bad that comes a crash😂😂rip, what a risky job, but why is this so nostalgic
  8. @reidmackenzie7287: what's arne slot doing as captain for easyjet
  9. @lock6512: Is it sexist to say I don't trust an all female cockpit?
  10. @burncycle4621: Pilots, especially Captains have to clean the cabin in Europe? Jesus, I'm glad I don't fly there. You'll never catch me cleaning the cabin, and we don't order the fuel either. Things, especially pay, are much better in the US.
  11. @moonplane-back-up-acc: its my dream
  12. @LONGLIVEANTARES: 25 min turnaround is wild! I never knew that. Crazy
  13. @eusilamugun1846: Easy jet is just like kenya airways the best airlines
  14. @Flying_where_to: As a Pilot of Easy jet i can gurantee their top one that were are careying more passengers
  15. @nenblom: “What is the meaning of life?”

That is the million dollar question. 🤔🤔
  16. @drakeremoray7733: 22:08 It really looks like she knows what is she checking...
  17. @manueldarocha155: 20 year old. Thanks but no
  18. @sinanyalvac8998: I was always thinking about how to fly those big birds. If he did that, why can I not?
  19. @lyolevrich: It's veryfrightening  this cheerful country outing atmosphere with the background of cheerful music and this constant fixed idea of people wanting to make jokes...spooky😏and the proof pilots seems to be very tired
  20. @Sentellox0: 20 ? some kids are lucky (daddys money)

- What New Air Force Pilots Go Through In Flight School | Boot Camp | Business Insider: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] This is drop night. A long anticipated event, where soon to be Air Force Flight School graduates find out what aircraft they will fly. But before they get there, yeah, they have to start here at Laughlin Air Force Base in Del Rio, Texas, just 9 miles north of the US Mexico border, newly commissioned officers begin a year-long journey to earn their wings. The purpose of undergraduate pilot training is to give students experience in an aircraft and in the military aviation world. So, usually they come in with a little bit of flight experience in the civilian world and then we teach them what that's like to do that as a military aviator. The Air Force has grappled with a pilot shortage for the last few years. In response, it's working to streamline training to get new pilots into the cockpit faster without sacrificing standards. After graduating T6s, within a year, they'll be mission ready and could possibly see combat in less than 18 months. Pilots have trained at Laughlin for over 70 years, beginning in World War II when it was a training site for bomber crews. Today, it's home to the 47th Flying Training Wing, and it trains more Air Force pilots than any other base. It's pretty competitive, so it all starts uh either in OTS, ROC, or any other commissioning source that they may come through there. They have to compete to be in the top half of their graduating class. Then there they'll get picked to become a pilot. To be selected, applicants must hold a 4-year college degree, be commissioned as an officer, and pass a series of academic and flight aptitude tests. My degree in college uh was communication studies. I have a hospitality degree from the University of Central Florida. I know it doesn't translate, but during that time, I gathered about 2,000 hours of flight instruction time. I got my private pilots license in high school and then I went to the Air Force Academy and did a couple airmanship things there and then in general been exposed to aviation pretty much my whole life. It's been a lot of years. I'm 27 years old now and I've been told no many times. Uh I've applied several times to get into this program. All students begin training on the T6 Texan 2, a single engine turborop plane designed to teach the basics of military flying. But only top performers are selected to continue training in the T38 Talon, a twin engine supersonic jet that prepares pilots for the fighter jets they may fly in the operational air force. These are all the things that come on when we turn on the avionics master switch that are powered by the generator bus. Before they enter an aircraft cockpit, students spend weeks in the classroom learning its layout, how to read flight instruments, and how weather systems will affect everything they do in the air. So we're going to provide the academic foundation, the theory that we think is essential for all high performance flying that we do here so that when they reach uh the simulator phase of training, they can practice that and then it'll make a lot more sense by the time they get into the aircraft itself. You have to learn about the entire aircraft, how to fly it, where to fly it, and the procedures that follow that. It's a fire hose, so we're getting a lot of information all at once. The pacing is really tough. However, it's manageable and we've been selected for a reason. So, we're here to work hard, study hard, and move on to our bases. So, that's where you're pointed. That's where you're going. Students spend about 100 hours in the academic phase of training before moving to the next phase. logging 50 to 60 hours across three types of simulators to develop skills in cockpit procedures, emergency scenarios, and instrument flying. The unit training device, the UTD, which is a basic cockpit with no visual outside references. It enables the students to practice their cockpit procedures, work on their checklist, and get familiar with the switches and controls. Then they'll upgrade to the instrument flight trainers, which is in a dark container with a simple video screen in front where they can practice developing those instrument skills for landings, for takeoffs, for basic instrument procedures. And then ultimately the the grand finale is the operational flight training which is about 120 degrees of visuals where they can practice ground references, aerobatics, more advanced emergency procedures. Right. But the way you jerk your head right there. Each student is paired with an instructor pilot or IP who evaluates their performance through each phase of training. So, flying the sims, there's certain moments where it it feels really real. Your spatial orientation, how far you're off the ground, emergency procedures. I had that sim last night, and it really picks up tempo, and it's like, oh, wow, this is actually happening. I was here previously as an instructor here in about 2014 to 2018, and it took students about 20 rides to solo. And now utilizing the immersive training devices, they solo in about half the time. So it's really accelerated their development and their growth and ultimately we see a better product from T6's based on that technology. It's a onetoone recreation of what is outside here at Laughlin. So we can practice on the simulators for hours on end, see what our visual references are, and then the first day we step in the plane, we can point out everything that we're familiar with up to that point. While simulators have sped up training, they're just one part of a larger strategy. The Air Force has struggled for the past 8 years to meet its annual goal of producing 1,500 new pilots. There are multiple reasons why. There's always some event that happens, whether it's OBOG's event and the T6. Laughlin had a hail event here several years ago that destroyed basically every T1. They had to be rebuilt. At Laughlin, our IPs are working very hard. You know, typically flying two sorties per day to make sure that we can produce pilots to fill the cockpit that America needs to go defend our national security. One of the most dangerous challenges pilots face is spatial disorientation. A condition where the body's senses can no longer accurately determine the aircraft's position, altitude, or motion. So, if we're flying in formation through the weather, you're really you're just staring at your flight lead's wing. You're not looking at any instruments. They are looking at their instruments, and you're just staring at their plane. And that can become quite disorienting. Tango 62, turn right, heading 120. descend and maintain 6,000 ft. To help them recognize and recover from it, students undergo training in a spatial disorientation simulator. Yeah. So, that was the corololis illusion. And in the aircraft, the coral solution occurs in situations where the aircraft is turning, rolling, or changing pitch. Students also train with the Baron chair, a spinning device that simulates the types of illusions that spatial disorientation can create. It's meant to reinforce an important lesson. Okay. Your senses can lie, but your instruments won't. When you're getting onto it and then you inevitably hit your head, you broke two rules, actually. So, please be careful. We teach them local area survival. And we cover emergency parachute training. Not comfy. Let's help you understand. All right. So, what do we do? need to thumbs downers up higher. There you go. Now pulling pull. But we go through a practical application of what's taught in the class because obviously we're not going to have the opportunity to real world use this until it is a life ordeath situation. And this is a refresher training that you have to do every 36 months to maintain your currency because again it's not things that you're doing every single day. You're going to lose that muscle memory. It's going to feel snug. You should be able to fit your fist between your chest and the chest strap. Squat and pull as evenly as possible. And it should now be easy to send them straight. Before students step into the cockpit, they need to be properly fitted for the gear that will allow them to withstand the intense G forces they will experience in the air. They are going to get custom fit to a helmet, harness, guit. The harness is what is attaching them to their parachute and to their seat kit. Mask is going to provide them aircraft oxygen. The helmet offers basic head protection is also a device we use to mount things like their visor and their mask to their face. Deep breath in. Hold. And exhale. You don't find any air leaking out from up here? You do? Okay. Go ahead and adjust your mask a bit. Every 120 days, we'll check the fit to make sure everything's still fitting well. If they've gained or lost any weight, there's a chance we'll need to tighten or loosen the guit. Laughlin Air Force Base has a fleet of over 160 aircraft, 103 T6s and 59 T38s, valued at more than $800 million, requiring a $1.6 billion maintenance budget. And with three runways, it's one of the Air Force's busiest airfields. They'll be able to text somebody. All right, copy. I'll take care of you. Approximately 450 student pilots are being trained at any given time. And their hands-on training begins in the T6. Man, I love the T6. She's kind of allpurpose, all weather. She can go wherever you want. She's not the fastest or can she hold the most gas, but she goes upside down. She rolls. She pulls. You get all of the training that you would need in the T6 to go off into any other aircraft, whether that be a fighter aircraft, a bomber, a tanker, or a heavy cargo plane. Once you punch that power up, it was definitely surprising. Lots of power, 1100 shaft horsepower compared to the Cessna 172 that you apply at a local flight school. Once in the T6, students begin applying the fundamentals from the classroom and the simulators. This phase of training is broken into three progressive stages. Transition, navigation, and formation. In transition phase, they're looking to pull high G uh high speed maneuvering, other things like that. Uh versus the navigation phase. Uh it's more so slow maneuvering uh methodical process. For the formation phase, again, that high G maneuvering comes into play as well as that slow maneuvering. The reason they call it the transition phase is because finally we're stepping out of these big boxes we call sims. And then once you hop into the jet for the first time, uh for me it's been a six-year goal of mine. So it's a great feeling uh to finally get control of the aircraft, feel the power, and learn how to become a military aviator. Training objectives today will be zero missed ground checklist items/ callouts. Every flight starts with a mission brief. Maintain minus 0 plus 100 ft on the localizer. Students will come to the brief. They've obviously studied before. We'll cover all the basics of the flight. So going through the weather, operational risk management, we'll have a brief overview of the plan uh that we'll run through so that everybody's on the same page and that's standardized between all briefs. I woke up around 4:30 just to start reviewing the weather, start preparing for your flight and just to make sure that you've chair flew the maneuvers. Nothing's going to surprise you and you want to become to the brief as prepared as possible. After the brief, the student and instructor pilots suit up for their flight or sorty and make their way to the step desk. Yep. Briefed and mitigated. Quality. Excellent. Where an operations supervisor will assess their risk level for the flight. We write down everything that might be a risk factor for our flight. So, if we didn't sleep well, if we're not feeling hydrated, if we have personal things going on at home, maybe. And it's just to take a second to look at it, add up the points, be like, "Hey, are we safe to be flying? Does this make sense?" Thank you, man. So, just started flying. We've been in formal for about 4 weeks now, but very first week of flying. Having a blast so far. Our plan was just to go up, do some mow work, basic arobatics, get the blood flowing, get the body pumping and then we're going to head back and recover via localizer. Localizer is an instrument approach you'll do and we typically will practice in VFR which is visual flight rules and IFR which is instrument flight rules. The reason we do that is to practice when the weather is terrible and you can't see the runway. That will give you the lateral course you need in order to get you down to the runway. Once you come back and start debriefing is when you have the time to kind of understand how I could do this better. The debrief is the most critical part to learning. We'll discuss, do we have any safety of flights, right? So, anything where that could have been dangerous, we could have uh gotten in an unsafe situation or maybe something uh not totally legal in the air, right? So, we'll talk about that and then we'll go through like, hey, did we actually meet the objectives that we set today? When you're on the ground talking with your IP, going over what you did and how you can make things better is when you really learn how to become a a great pilot. student pilots that are getting ready to be winged pilots, do not forget how important your manganese brothers and sisters are, cuz without them, you're not doing the mission. So, today was kind of the start of our graduation experience where we get our wings. The tradition was to get someone who gives you the wings that like meant something to you and got you here. And so, today maintenance gave them to us. It's just kind of a symbolic thing to show that they were the ones that really supported us getting the graduation today. Going to Altus Air Force Base in Oklahoma. So, I'll train with the C17 squadron out there. After this, I'm going to Little Rock, Arkansas for 6 months to learn how to fly the C130H. And after that, I'm going to Cheyen, Wyoming to fly for the Wyoming Air National Guard. Students selected for the fighter track, remain at Laughlin for 4 to 6 months. I'm going to go fly the T38, which is the next phase of training here. So, I will stick around Laughlin for a little bit. The students we get for 38s are typically towards the top of their T6 class. So higher performers and T6s and people that want to go fly something fast and pointy. At the end of the day, at the end of the program, their scores goes into what's called a mass and they're ranked number one to the last person and there's only a few slots for both T38s and the major weapon systems and the top students get their top choices. While T38 training follows the same structure as T6, the pace is faster, the demands are greater, and the margin for error is smaller. T38, you really got to be on top of your game. There's a lot of things that you have to be constantly thinking about and making decisions on. It's like, are you on air speed, altitude, and you're doing like maneuvering out in the MOA or anything? It's your G, your AOA, what uh altitude you're at, where you are relative to the M, what your energy state is. Gas is a huge thing for us. Very limited on that. It flies very different than a T6, so they need to learn how to land it, how to take off, how to do all the ground operations, and even get the jet started to begin with. Uh, so we'll start with those things. We'll start just flying out to some airspace, practicing loops or simple arrow, and just practicing landing, practicing landing in different configurations. As soon as we can teach uh these students how to just take off and land the aircraft, we're basically making sure they can get from point to point without getting lost or getting in trouble. And then we're going right into formation phase, which I think is really just the crux of the entire program. There are so many great benefits to formation flying. It simulates the stress and the fear of a deployed location, right? We don't have bombs coming at us, but we have to in some way uh instill the pressure from the outside world. And I think formation is a great way to start. So the 38 uh in formation itself is a little bit different than the T6. The T6 you got about 10 to 20 foot spacing between the aircraft due to the wing length. The 38 you got about 3 ft. So you're a lot closer, you're a lot faster, and there's a lot more going on that you have to pay attention to. No matter what aircraft they go on, they're going to fly some type of formation. Whether that be two C130s following two minutes behind each other or if you have a boom sticking out the back of your tanker with a fighter aircraft rejoining to refuel. Good evening and welcome to drop night for 258. So drop night down here at Laughlin is kind of a culmination um for us T38 students of about 2 yearsish worth of work. We're getting our assignments. We're going to figure out what we're going to do next. On my dream sheet were F-16 and F-35. both very capable jets and something that I would be very proud of flying. I am hoping to get F-35s andor F-15s. Those are my top two choices. But we'll see a little bit later here in about 5 hours exactly what's going to happen. [Music] But not everyone gets the assignment they want. Some graduates will be selected to become first assignment instructor pilots or FAPES. They'll spend four years training students to fly the T6 or the T38. So today is our graduation ceremony for our pie training class. It's the final step where we get our wings, we get to pin them on, and we officially become pilots in the Air Force. How it feels for me is uh kind of surreal. Um my father was a pilot in the uh US Air Force. My grandfather worked for the Air National Guard and then my uncle was uh an officer in the Air Force. And having that uh history of uh you know my family members being in the military, it just kind of reinstates that uh that drive that I had uh when I first set out to join the Air Force and when I first set out to actually push forward to be a pilot. It finally feels so good to be at this moment. We put in a lot of hard work over these last six, seven months, and to finally have it come to an end is bittersweet, but it's pretty fun. These newly pinned pilots will head to their next base to begin aircraft specific training. Some will fly tankers, others fighters, bombers, or cargo planes, but they'll all leave Laughlin with the same title, United States Air Force Pilot.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [1 likes]: If you love the stories we produce, please vote for us in the Webby Awards by April 16, 2026!
https://vote.webbyawards.com/PublicVoting#/2026/video-film/series-channels/documentary (Boot Camp Series)
https://vote.webbyawards.com/PublicVoting#/2026/video-film/general-video-film/sustainability-environment (How Rich Nations Dump Old Cruise Ships And Oil Tankers In Developing Countries)
https://vote.webbyawards.com/PublicVoting#/2026/video-film/general-video-film/documentary-midform (The Man Who Feeds Gaza's Children)
  2. @joee7626: If you just want to be a pilot go to the Air Force, if you want to be in the actual military then go to another branch. These are just people who dress (mostly) the same.
  3. @gustavozuviria4452: Great video, I was an AT-38B IP in Columbus Air Force Base from 1998 to September 2000.
I have a great time, then return to my country flying Mirage and Skyhawks in the Argentinian Air Force.
Check Six
  4. @TheSavageB: Near disaster..American aviation not looking hot lately....
  5. @kenhoward3512: At 74, my life's "windows of opportunity" are long past. I'm sure these "kids" will learn a lot about themselves in the coming years. I've known guys who'd give their right arm to be an Air Force pilot.
  6. @txdave2: This is a very interesting video. I had no idea is was this tough to make into fighter training.
  7. @GDI-h1n: The T38 needs to be retired.  The engines are outdated.
  8. @mattlarkham-e6j: I heard Mustaches  = higher G tolerance 😉
  9. @KM128-z7q: Saw a 25-11 class patch.  Damn I'm old...94-01 Laughlin.  Some of the best days of my life...even with standup EP's.
  10. @rawdawgg_: 0:40 less than a min in and we're already seeing dei. 😅😅😅
  11. @bando404: Grew up watching Top Gun 100+ times dreaming to be a fighter pilot. Tried and failed and tried again for years and years, first on the military path, then in civilian. Finally had to give up the dream and realize I never had what it takes. Best wishes to all the men and women who succeed - the world belongs to you.
  12. @Gabriela-s4l9h: 😮🎉❤😢😢😢 AWESOME ❤❤❤
  13. @GHOST_MADA: Ditch the college degree part
  14. @casperaprap1834: War Philippines vs America
  15. @crewdawg52: Boy how things have changed in 43 yrs,   85-01 Reese AFB
  16. @AngusJohnMcPherson-g3k: It is a C-17 Globemaster III or a C-5 Galaxy
  17. @xMr_Sebax: Top gun is pretty accurate, they are all gay
  18. @brodricj3023: why are many of these student pilots wearing glasses?
  19. @cdrysdale1969: Del Rio.  Besides the food..base is the best place to be.
  20. @BikeRideAccount: The mustache 😂

- Trainee Pilot's First Flight - EasyJet: Inside the Cockpit - S01 EP01 - Aviation Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Britain's Skies have never been&nbsp; busier every day 8,000 planes are flying&nbsp;&nbsp; over 3 million passengers and in the UK's&nbsp; 52 billion pound Airline business EasyJet&nbsp;&nbsp; is the leader by flying more passengers than&nbsp; any of its competitors now for the first time&nbsp;&nbsp; is that my best side with unprecedented access&nbsp; to the pilots days in Manchester there never&nbsp;&nbsp; the hot one and their cockpits we'll show&nbsp; you an airline like it's never been seen before and this year EasyJet planned to fly to&nbsp; even more destinations with more passengers people&nbsp;&nbsp; expect pilot to look like old and Haggard so&nbsp; they're taking to the skies with hundreds of new&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots haven't smacked it into the ground you will&nbsp; and what's more the final stage of their training&nbsp;&nbsp; is on the JW it looks so much bigger when you see&nbsp; it and we're coming along for the sometimes bumpy ride so let's buckle up with the captains and&nbsp; the wannabe co-pilots some of whom could be&nbsp;&nbsp; flying you to your favorite holiday destination&nbsp; a lot sooner than you think theow the all the way down in the last 20 years Britain's budget&nbsp; Airlines have increased in number from 2 to&nbsp;&nbsp; 28 and our appetite for flying is still growing&nbsp; in the UK EasyJet lead the way and this year&nbsp;&nbsp; they're expanding even further should be a to&nbsp; see gway coming out on your left hand side down&nbsp;&nbsp; there and now having to train 300 new recruits&nbsp; eyes to the [Music] end and bring to a stop on&nbsp;&nbsp; the Run way for the very first time we'll&nbsp; follow these unflappable captains and their&nbsp;&nbsp; fledgling Pilots as we get behind the joystick&nbsp; from their Maiden flights to getting their stripes a key UK center for the EasyJet training&nbsp; pilot program is Manchester it's one of easyjet's&nbsp;&nbsp; busiest bases flying 50 routes to 23 different&nbsp; countries and today 156 people are heading to&nbsp;&nbsp; Hamburg and there's a first time flyer on board&nbsp; but what they don't know this is the best part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the job really putting on the uniform it's the&nbsp; pilot it's not all orange 26-year-old Cornelius&nbsp;&nbsp; Wilson finished his 2-year Pilots course just&nbsp; 8 days ago and will be flying his first paying&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers in Just 2 hours time I think the&nbsp; more confident you are the more relaxed you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; be but when I see the aircraft when I walk&nbsp; up out of the terminal up to the steps and&nbsp;&nbsp; get into that seat it's a different story Final&nbsp; Call for EasyJet 23 it's 11:00 a.m. and whilst&nbsp;&nbsp; unsuspecting passengers Bound for Hamburg pick&nbsp; up some dutyfree novice pilot Cornelius picks up&nbsp;&nbsp; his first pre-flight briefing that's kind of&nbsp; Milestone day for first down on the aircraft&nbsp;&nbsp; is it very much commercial route passengers&nbsp; on board yes of as well quite a lot of them&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah he's one of the 300 rookies that EasyJet&nbsp; are training up this summer in their new pilot&nbsp;&nbsp; push passenger load rise all five sets there's&nbsp; your payload that's keeping an eye on Cornelius&nbsp;&nbsp; today is Simon white who's about to find out&nbsp; why he's paid around 150 Grand as a training&nbsp;&nbsp; Captain I haven't actually done a takeoff yet oh&nbsp; right okay we do that today shall we brilliant&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah not a problem in the UK 17 flights a day&nbsp; are flown by a trainee pilot that's over 6200&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 passenger flights a year with a learner&nbsp; driver at the helm under the watchful eye of&nbsp;&nbsp; a training Captain you're prepared in the sense&nbsp; that you know all the procedures and you flown&nbsp;&nbsp; in the simulator which is a like for like replica&nbsp; of the cockpits what you don't have is everything&nbsp;&nbsp; leading up to that it's getting to the crew room&nbsp; it's dealing with real people real passengers&nbsp;&nbsp; fuelers dispatchers ground staff and it's just&nbsp; trying to stay focused and not get distracted&nbsp;&nbsp; by these certain things and yeah do what you're&nbsp; trained to do ladies gent welcome on board our&nbsp;&nbsp; EasyJet service please place your large bags&nbsp; into the overhead lock keep your small items&nbsp;&nbsp; under the SE until it starts in there that's when&nbsp; I realize how much I know and how much I don't know when you're getting in that seat you got&nbsp; more apprehension than stress I think you're&nbsp;&nbsp; raring to go but you know the back of your mind&nbsp; you've got gosh I I really don't want to mess&nbsp;&nbsp; this up you know people have got meetings to&nbsp; get to they got families to meet I'm taking&nbsp;&nbsp; all these people potentially on holiday&nbsp; and whatnot and I've got to make sure the&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft delivers these people to where they&nbsp; want to [Music] go EZ y 1841 is about to take&nbsp;&nbsp; off to Hamburg there are two emergency exits&nbsp; at the rear or in the middle as passengers are&nbsp;&nbsp; given directions for the emergency exits&nbsp; they're blissfully unaware their pilot is&nbsp;&nbsp; being given directions to The Runway and&nbsp; secur so you're going to go to the right here looks good nice and smooth today&nbsp; Cornelius has his hand on the thrust and&nbsp;&nbsp; will be taking off and Landing the plane&nbsp; with paying passengers for the first time&nbsp;&nbsp; but his two minders can take over if&nbsp; necessary but before even hitting the runway he hits the brakes by mistake yes&nbsp; um not the best it was just a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of an embarrassing moment they're&nbsp; all sat down anyway the cab secur&nbsp;&nbsp; to take off so no one standing&nbsp; up walking around standing up [Music] now fantastic feeling awesome you you really feel the&nbsp;&nbsp; might of the aircraft and&nbsp; you think gosh I I this is [Music] real in the past most commercial&nbsp; pilots came from the RAF or learned to fly&nbsp;&nbsp; free with the big Airlines but with more&nbsp; pilots needed the huge cost of the 2-year&nbsp;&nbsp; course has now been passed on to the train knees&nbsp; themselves or more likely the bank of mom and&nbsp;&nbsp; dad without my parents you know supporting&nbsp; me the way they did it wouldn't have been possible he's a highflying dude he's a high flying dude wron he heads for the sky like a high flying dude I'm the world's worst penist today cor&nbsp; has cost us £120,000 it's not something that&nbsp;&nbsp; that um is easily affordable the parents that I&nbsp; talked to at flight school on various occasions&nbsp;&nbsp; had done exactly what I did and that's&nbsp; remortgage of the house and and give up&nbsp;&nbsp; retirement plans and keep working till you're&nbsp; 105 so that's what we're doing Cornelius can&nbsp;&nbsp; now start paying his money M back today&nbsp; he starts earning £40,000 a year as a&nbsp;&nbsp; traine pilot his career is finally taking&nbsp; off the ground which some passengers have&nbsp;&nbsp; mixed feelings about oh I'd be a bit nervous&nbsp; no be right he's done a lot of trading so&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhere he not sure know like to know the&nbsp; information for others they're just joyously unaware 235 Mi south of man is Gatwick easyjet's&nbsp; biggest training Hub everybody feeling good&nbsp;&nbsp; and confident yeah definitely oh you're lying&nbsp; beautifully not on the payroll yet are these 12&nbsp;&nbsp; Jet Plane virgins about to fly an Airbus A320 for&nbsp; the very first time or be it without passengers&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a great day guys you've done a lot of work&nbsp; up to this point and this is your first day to&nbsp;&nbsp; actually fly an airplane of this size this sweat&nbsp; jet engineed air all right it's a great day it's&nbsp;&nbsp; down to Chief training Captain Chris Kingswood to&nbsp; assess these training before they can qualify as&nbsp;&nbsp; EasyJet Pilots chat relax enjoy the day take&nbsp; photos you need to have some photos to show&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom Dad girlfriend wife girlfriend and wife who&nbsp; know get your kit together guys and we'll we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; make our way job than every Airline puts their&nbsp; trainees through this final test before they can&nbsp;&nbsp; fly passengers they have just 1 hour each to&nbsp; demonstrate their takeoff and Landing skills&nbsp;&nbsp; in a Jet Plane they've never flown before if they&nbsp; fail it's back to the flight simulator these guys&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a big big step this you know this is a big&nbsp; airplane jet engines the difference between a Sim&nbsp;&nbsp; and an airplane is guess what you can generally&nbsp; crash this and hurt yourself so it's really the&nbsp;&nbsp; human factors about it and that's what makes&nbsp; the big difference hoping not to crash is the&nbsp;&nbsp; youngest trainee 20-year-old Ryan he started&nbsp; flight school when just 18 and driving a Ford&nbsp;&nbsp; Fiesta 2 years on and he's about to drive an 80&nbsp; million passenger jet for the very first time it&nbsp;&nbsp; looks so much bigger when you see it for as long&nbsp; as I can remember uh flying has been the highlight&nbsp;&nbsp; of the family holid becoming a pilot was the the&nbsp; only the only choice so far the biggest plane Ryan&nbsp;&nbsp; has flown is a four seater weighing less than&nbsp; a family car this Airbus tips the scales at 70&nbsp;&nbsp; tons and that's without paying passengers it's all&nbsp; bit surreal but it's exciting and star to a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit nervous now though he's so big I came pretty&nbsp; much straight from school uh into into flying I&nbsp;&nbsp; complet my air levels and everything's happened&nbsp; so quickly since I feel like I left Skool just yesterday each pilot will fly round the Airfield&nbsp; continuously having to take off and land six times&nbsp;&nbsp; if they can't they won't qualify as commercial&nbsp; pilots each Cadet has is a training buddy and&nbsp;&nbsp; Ryan's is 31-year-old Jamie go good luck&nbsp; that's a good good start he's up first hey&nbsp;&nbsp; let's do it which means Ryan can stand back&nbsp; and learned from his buddy's mistakes it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of pressure though it's a lot of pressure&nbsp; yeah it's exciting it's just a bit bit weird&nbsp;&nbsp; looking out and seeing a real real time like&nbsp; and real Runway instead of just Sim visuals&nbsp;&nbsp; happy yeah do it yeah let's do it for departure&nbsp; line good stuff and whenever you're ready okay&nbsp;&nbsp; so take off with no cabin crew it's down to the&nbsp; trainees to make sure the cabin is secured for takeoff that's the bacon Panini is off the&nbsp; menu I on a couple of things fell over thrust&nbsp;&nbsp; set 100 knots checked once the plane reaches&nbsp; 140 mph There's No Going Back rot V1 means it&nbsp;&nbsp; has to take off or run out of Runway postive&nbsp; climb keep all the way to 15 Gear Up be quite messy good very good smoth okay so that's the upwind under of&nbsp; the runway now but the hardest part is Yet&nbsp;&nbsp; to Come The Landing so get the nose down&nbsp; mate look inside that's it statistically&nbsp;&nbsp; more accidents occur at this stage of flying&nbsp; than any other keep scanning mate all the way&nbsp;&nbsp; down really small Corrections the rookies have&nbsp; to manage Speed height and angle all at the&nbsp;&nbsp; same time which makes it difficult to master so&nbsp; approaching the threshold now so just reset that&nbsp;&nbsp; 3° picture and keep it all the way down to the&nbsp; flare 50 40 30 20 ret ret so gently lower the no that didn't go well today there are no paying&nbsp; passengers on board but these Pilots need to pass&nbsp;&nbsp; if they're to fly holiday makers abroad in&nbsp; the coming days and Ryan the youngest is up next good morning back in Manchester it's another&nbsp; hectic day for the UK's busiest airport outside&nbsp;&nbsp; London passengers go somewhere warmer warmer&nbsp; than Manchester boarding is now taking place&nbsp;&nbsp; to one of easyjet's popular destinations Athens&nbsp; this is going off waiting eagerly at the controls&nbsp;&nbsp; is trainee pilot Cornelius Wilson who can't wait&nbsp; to take off on what will be his longest and most&nbsp;&nbsp; challenging flight yet let's take off confirm&nbsp; that wood from the left check are you ready I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; ready take off he's been flying passengers for&nbsp; 8 weeks this will be his 40th flight so only one&nbsp;&nbsp; other Captain trainer Toby Davis is required&nbsp; in the co positive F Gear Up gear up on his&nbsp;&nbsp; outward flight he's in charge of talking to air&nbsp; traffic control before he returns and lands the&nbsp;&nbsp; plane back in Manchester on en launer track&nbsp; please knes R trct until reaching 10,000 ft&nbsp;&nbsp; altitude all Pilots must obey the sterile cockpit&nbsp; rule they're not allowed to engage in unnecessary&nbsp;&nbsp; conversations and activities during this critical&nbsp; phase of flight engine onof please off off 14° yeah happy to switch signs off I'm fine&nbsp; so looks good to me save our signs off&nbsp;&nbsp; please our signs off but once above the&nbsp; clouds Cornelius and Toby can kick back&nbsp;&nbsp; and relax looking forward to speaking to the&nbsp; Greek air traffic controllers this should be&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting as you progress further east&nbsp; they start to shout more get louder and&nbsp;&nbsp; now progressively turning the volume down&nbsp; you from London are you is that right South&nbsp;&nbsp; London yeah so would gwi could be better for&nbsp; you it would that would have made sense yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; about half an hour away you're not unique in&nbsp; that I can tell you oh well it's a bit of fun&nbsp;&nbsp; GL you know I wouldn't have come to Manchester&nbsp; otherwise so just was it surprising to find out&nbsp;&nbsp; they've got electricity and running water up north&nbsp; exactly yeah and there is somewhere north of watf running courtesy of EasyJet Manchester&nbsp; can now enjoy cornelius's southern charm&nbsp;&nbsp; for a good while longer that's very&nbsp; easy up here rent's about half the&nbsp;&nbsp; price EasyJet has 28 bases across the&nbsp; continent all new pilots like Cornelius&nbsp;&nbsp; are expected to relocate anywhere&nbsp; across Europe and stay as long as necessary hello hello hi it's Joe okay good thanks&nbsp; Joe yeah and we've got a passengers not feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; very well at the moment so Vick is just gone down&nbsp; to the back um apparently they're not they're not&nbsp;&nbsp; um able to breathe very well so I'm just going&nbsp; to go and find out what's happening and I shall&nbsp;&nbsp; come back and let you know okay cool thanks Jo is&nbsp; okay Toby yeah yeah that's fine you soon cheers&nbsp;&nbsp; by okay bye 35,000 ft above Germany and there's&nbsp; a crisis emerging in the cabin passenger safety&nbsp;&nbsp; is ultimately the responsibility of the pilots&nbsp; Cornelius and Toby but with one in 600 flights&nbsp;&nbsp; having such medical emergencies All crew members&nbsp; are first aiders hello hi Cornelius it's Vic hi&nbsp;&nbsp; Vic had to put him on oxygen it's not very well&nbsp; he's got uh low blood pressure he's not flown for&nbsp;&nbsp; a long time I don't know if he panicking a little&nbsp; bit but I'll just let you know putting on oxygen&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'll bring you back with any more information&nbsp; yeah let me know okay sweethart thanks well well&nbsp;&nbsp; well okay so we can use this time now effectively&nbsp; to think about if we needed to divert where we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to go yeah your heart starts to beat a&nbsp; little faster adrenaline gets going a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit he's potentially suffering Cardiac Arrest&nbsp; thankfully there's a doctor on board and while&nbsp;&nbsp; he examines the poorly passenger Cornelius and&nbsp; Toby must plan for an emergency landing let's&nbsp;&nbsp; say this this poor chap at the back takes&nbsp; a turn for the worst and we have to divert&nbsp;&nbsp; where are we going to go what are we going to do&nbsp; which Airport's most suitable which city is most&nbsp;&nbsp; suitable which has the best hospital Munich munic&nbsp; still behind us Munich's still a viable Place really so our primary alternate Captain's only&nbsp; approach and Landing so just make up the question&nbsp;&nbsp; it CA yet whether if I become incapacitated so if&nbsp; i' be able to yeah some airports have difficult&nbsp;&nbsp; approach paths so only qualified captains are&nbsp; allowed to land at them the C is Captain's only&nbsp;&nbsp; Landing aracan is Captain's only Landing Thessalon&nbsp; is unusable standard procedure dictates that&nbsp;&nbsp; should the captain become ill co-pilots are able&nbsp; to land the plane so they're looking for airports&nbsp;&nbsp; that Cornelius would be permitted to land at you&nbsp; can make an approach onto coru on to Runway 35&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's um reasonably challenging it's a steep&nbsp; slope emergency Landings are surprisingly common&nbsp;&nbsp; UK Airlines make on average one every week these&nbsp; where you earn your money fly to Flying to these&nbsp;&nbsp; places although safety always comes first when&nbsp; any airlines are forced to divert they still&nbsp;&nbsp; have to ensure all the passengers get to their&nbsp; final destination and that could be an expensive&nbsp;&nbsp; operation 800 M from Athens and Senior cabin&nbsp; crew Joe has an update conscious it's not like&nbsp;&nbsp; un conscious or anything M talking as well okay&nbsp; you know it's POS conscious talking y absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; okay all right well obviously he's in good&nbsp; hands back there so um if the situation changes&nbsp;&nbsp; significantly for the worst let me know straight&nbsp; away but give me an update in a few minutes as&nbsp;&nbsp; well an hour on head cabin crew vict Toria has&nbsp; some worrying news the doctor's had a good look&nbsp;&nbsp; at this gentleman he has got a regular heartbeat&nbsp; we does need looking up Captain Toby now faces a&nbsp;&nbsp; tough decision stick to the original flight plan&nbsp; or divert to the nearest airport 944 M away from [Music] Athens 600 mil away 20-year-old trainee&nbsp; Ryan Clyde is also under cockpit pressure climb it's his final test he must pass it to get&nbsp; his wings and be able to fly paying passengers&nbsp;&nbsp; rather than just his training putties so your&nbsp; thrust leave is that babyfaced Ryan's last job&nbsp;&nbsp; was behind the counter on a Saturday at Boots the&nbsp; chemist now just 2 years on he's behind the wheel&nbsp;&nbsp; of an 80 million Airbus A320 and this is his&nbsp; first ever [Music] going to get slightly low&nbsp;&nbsp; there mate if you're not careful you got about you&nbsp; probably got about 4° or so there I think sitting&nbsp;&nbsp; in the in the jet the first time it's a little&nbsp; bit of nerves because you've got millions of&nbsp;&nbsp; pounds wor of jet in your fingertips and all your&nbsp; R in in the back as well that's a bit of pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; okay so that's the Up and Under The Runway now&nbsp; previously his only experience of Airbus flying&nbsp;&nbsp; was in a flight simulator where he struggled&nbsp; to land on the center of the runway or the&nbsp;&nbsp; center line in pilot jargon 50 40 can't sit there&nbsp; shaking your head 30 20 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is&nbsp;&nbsp; an instruction to pull the throttle back and&nbsp; slow down you've let that happen I'm not being&nbsp;&nbsp; AR you but let's just get the idea that you've&nbsp; made this happen where are you actually looking&nbsp;&nbsp; don't tell me you're looking far Runway CU for&nbsp; a fact you yeah all Pilots are taught to land&nbsp;&nbsp; on the center line so the plane won't fall off&nbsp; the Runway and crash in the event of mechanical failure are you on the center line uh&nbsp; no okay so come left of it onto the&nbsp;&nbsp; center line Ryan needs to line up on the&nbsp; middle of the runway or else he'll repeat&nbsp;&nbsp; his simulator mistake but the consequences are&nbsp; much worse set 3 and a half look outside hold it seem doing all right to he&nbsp; looked bang on the center line&nbsp;&nbsp; which is good but Ryan now has a bigger&nbsp; problem he's approaching with the nose&nbsp;&nbsp; too high he could hit the tail on the&nbsp; runway causing millions of pounds of damage if not corrected training&nbsp; Captain Paul galra will be forced&nbsp;&nbsp; to take over the controls and&nbsp; abort the landing r [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ret ret to 10 a toga 10 is Airline speak for when the&nbsp; captain must accelerate rapidly and climb 10° to&nbsp;&nbsp; avoid Crash Landing three man SRS go around track&nbsp; Ryan knows he's got to do better I have control&nbsp;&nbsp; for a minute you relax um so Landing attitude on&nbsp; that one yeah too high too low or just right too&nbsp;&nbsp; high wasn't it yeah so what what could you do&nbsp; next time if you set the wrong Landing attitude&nbsp;&nbsp; initially correct it mate don't be afraid to&nbsp; correct it he now needs to put the mistake behind&nbsp;&nbsp; him and nail his next Landing checked all clear&nbsp; your side mate y excellent let's start our down&nbsp;&nbsp; winter so set 3° looking at that flight path&nbsp; angle so that's 5° so up a bit up a bit up a bit that's the center line [Music] there&nbsp; keep scanning flight path angles drifting&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly low with 70 tons of plane traveling&nbsp; at 180 mph maintaining the angle of descent is&nbsp;&nbsp; crucial inside reset 3° to the bird just below the&nbsp; horizon and hold that all the way down there to the 50 40 30 20 rart rart me release&nbsp; the back pressure get release the back pressure make round of applause as well that was&nbsp;&nbsp; for you I think yeah I just landed&nbsp; that that just feels amazing every time good job good job Ryan may have impressed his&nbsp;&nbsp; buddies but next time he'll be flying 180&nbsp; passengers who'll expect to land first time 30,000 ft above Albania EZ 1469 is on its way&nbsp; to Athens with trainee Cornelius in the cockpit&nbsp;&nbsp; he's only 8 weeks into the job and a passenger on&nbsp; board has been diagnosed with a heart problem that&nbsp;&nbsp; needs urgent attention but finding an emergency&nbsp; location where inexperienced pilot Cornelius&nbsp;&nbsp; would be allowed to land should Toby fall ill&nbsp; has proved challenging if you are single pilot&nbsp;&nbsp; by yourself in an incapacitated situation some&nbsp; of these destinations are pretty tricky Captain&nbsp;&nbsp; Toby Davis Mak the final decision you have got&nbsp; here two runways in Athens 03 right 03 left the&nbsp;&nbsp; one got blocked you got the potential for for&nbsp; using that okay so Medics on arrival um on the&nbsp;&nbsp; stand in Athens with 45 minutes to go Captain&nbsp; Toby has decided the best course of action is&nbsp;&nbsp; to push onto Athens where paramedics will be&nbsp; waiting for them and where Cornelius will be&nbsp;&nbsp; allowed to land if necessary seat please thank&nbsp; you it's now Cornel his responsibility to send a&nbsp;&nbsp; message via the aircraft's computer to air traffic&nbsp; control I'll just put it in full English just put&nbsp;&nbsp; request paramedic on arrival just punch it Abby&nbsp; yeah if you [Music] want sending 17 easy n Hotel unfor get down get down spoilers reverse green settle check man&nbsp; breaking once safely on the ground Medics&nbsp;&nbsp; are on hand to deal with the patient&nbsp; for Cornelius and Toby it's been a&nbsp;&nbsp; challenging flight good day well done&nbsp; Cornelius good support thank you very much cruising at 35,000 ft above the&nbsp; the Austrian Alps EZ y325 is heading&nbsp;&nbsp; to Dubrovnik Croatia gentlemen a very good&nbsp; morning to you very warm welcome a this&nbsp;&nbsp; easy jet have flly to demand for Croatian&nbsp; holidays amongst Brits has doubled in the&nbsp;&nbsp; last 2 years so EasyJet has expanded its&nbsp; summer flight schedule between the UK and tnik welcome back Chris you have at&nbsp; the helm is one of the airline's most&nbsp;&nbsp; experienced Pilots Captain Chris Foster&nbsp; easy Jet's flight operations manager&nbsp;&nbsp; speed El jet he's monitoring senior first&nbsp; officer Carl Hemingway Thompson currently&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing three stripes he wants to&nbsp; earn the coveted fourth to make captive it's 7:05 a.m. and time for the cabin&nbsp; crew to commence their service of drinks and&nbsp;&nbsp; snacks but one group have already started on&nbsp; their liquid only breakfast steak the front&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the steak you got to get the steak big&nbsp; group of passengers together they just keep eying yeah uh we're dotted about all over the plane&nbsp; a few quite a few down there there's a number&nbsp;&nbsp; of us here but we spread out about the place&nbsp; 1 and a half million British stag dos will&nbsp;&nbsp; be celebrated in Europe Europe this year&nbsp; which could lead to an increase in onboard party meanwhile up front in the cockpit&nbsp; there's a very different party Brewing&nbsp;&nbsp; hi bro yeah good thanks it's a tea&nbsp; party and three stripes Hemingway&nbsp;&nbsp; Thompson is trying to impress the&nbsp; flight operations manager trying&nbsp;&nbsp; some new te's out man new ones more than&nbsp; welcome to try one if you like what rock mints I think I'm going to try the Mint one first&nbsp; the Jasmine a bit later she's not really a hope&nbsp;&nbsp; find some he's he's coming out in a Fong later&nbsp; trying to set a [Music] trend than I thought&nbsp;&nbsp; it would be away from the calm of the cockpit&nbsp; Spirits are getting higher sck his middle finger&nbsp;&nbsp; up which one was it on the left if anything&nbsp; takes a turn for the worse senior cabin crew&nbsp;&nbsp; Karen and Brad are ready to take action they are&nbsp; trained in deescalation techniques with unruly&nbsp;&nbsp; passengers graded on a scale from 1 to four Brad&nbsp; updates senior first officer Carl how's it going right okay okay that's got to be one of&nbsp; the trippiest trickest sort of situations&nbsp;&nbsp; for you when you've got like stag and&nbsp; familyes I don't envy you 45 minutes to&nbsp;&nbsp; keep them all uh keep them all under control&nbsp; but there's now a more pressing concern for&nbsp;&nbsp; the cockpit and I've just got the&nbsp; latest weather on the ground 0303 24 they've just received the latest&nbsp; weather report and it's not good news&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a c be restricted airport be terms can&nbsp; be expected with nor strong Northeast wind&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the threat we face today so in order to&nbsp; mitigate that we'll obviously be mindful of it&nbsp;&nbsp; be prepared for it and if appropriate&nbsp; you know if we need to we'll delay the&nbsp;&nbsp; approach for a while um so what we'll&nbsp; do is we prepare the cabin a little bit [Music] earlier ladies and gentlemen just a&nbsp; little final update from the flight tech be&nbsp;&nbsp; landing 955 the uh condition is now a few little&nbsp; lights lumps above during our approach but it's&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure everybody comfortably seated before&nbsp; we make that Final Approach To The Landing the&nbsp;&nbsp; lumps and bumps Captain Foster informed&nbsp; his passengers about are actually severe Crosswinds one of the toughest challenges for a&nbsp; pilot is landing centrally and safely in difficult&nbsp;&nbsp; conditions there are different techniques Pilots&nbsp; use such such as the crab or SID slip where the&nbsp;&nbsp; plane flies directly into the wind with its&nbsp; wing flaps down to force it onto the [Music] runway 500 with the Crosswinds upwards of 24 knots&nbsp; only Captain Foster has the experience to land 100 above denying Carl his chance of gaining&nbsp; valuable experience towards his four Stripes 50 40 30 20 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] peace out ladies and gentlemen on behalf of myself and&nbsp; car in the front but more importantly of course&nbsp;&nbsp; the super team that you've got in the cabin&nbsp; today thanks ever so much we look forward to&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing [Music] you potential problems have been&nbsp; safely negotiated in the cabin and the cockpit&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving Captain Foster to reflect on the main&nbsp; quality wannabe Captain car will need to make&nbsp;&nbsp; the grade they tend to be quite precise they&nbsp; tend to be quite pedantic um and at the end of&nbsp;&nbsp; the day fairly calm and that's what you want from&nbsp; a captain you want to know that even if there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; situation which is a challenging situation you&nbsp; know you're in perfectly good hands and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; what it's all about thank you goodbye Pilots&nbsp; are not born unflappable this only comes with&nbsp;&nbsp; years of flying time but all Pilots actually&nbsp; begin their Long training Journey outside the&nbsp;&nbsp; cockpit why do you want to be a commercial airline&nbsp; pilot I think it's every boy's gym to be a pilot&nbsp;&nbsp; first you have to get into flight school which&nbsp; requires a minimum of five gcses and £120,000 definitely £ 100,000 well spend got a look like&nbsp; than the scouts before a rookie is even allowed&nbsp;&nbsp; to touch the controls they must then spend 6&nbsp; months in the classroom learning how to fly&nbsp;&nbsp; after the classroom most easy jet Cadets are&nbsp; sent here to New Zealand where the terrain and&nbsp;&nbsp; weather conditions mirror Europe but with fewer&nbsp; ples in the sky to collide with it's the perfect&nbsp;&nbsp; location for training Cadets from all over the&nbsp; world to prepare for European skies and they&nbsp;&nbsp; work their students hard the courses that we run&nbsp; are intense and and that's why they are favored&nbsp;&nbsp; by the airlines L3 is one of the larger piloty&nbsp; providing new recruits to all major airlines&nbsp;&nbsp; and you just straighten up a little over cred&nbsp; it's a lot of stake for them a huge pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; not everyone passes we can teach most people to&nbsp; fly to teach someone uh to fly professionally um&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a completely different thing EasyJet Cadet&nbsp; Sophie Turan is doing just that and then on the&nbsp;&nbsp; 8S we've only got variable at five knots it's&nbsp; pretty Ticky boo she left her family home in&nbsp;&nbsp; Oxford and is now learning how to fly her first&nbsp; plane a single engine [Applause] cesser when I&nbsp;&nbsp; was a kid everyone wanted to be an astronaut or&nbsp; something really cool like that and to me being&nbsp;&nbsp; a pilot was being an astronaut I just love&nbsp; it worldwide 97% of all airline pilots are&nbsp;&nbsp; male so Sophie is a rare breed to help address the&nbsp; imbalance and fill their pilot vacancies EasyJet&nbsp;&nbsp; are encouraging more women to apply it seems sad&nbsp; to me that it's not more open to females in terms&nbsp;&nbsp; of just the perception they're perfectly capable&nbsp; of the exact same as any other career obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a Cadet right now but I will be a pilot it's&nbsp; not it's not an if or a maybe I will and they're&nbsp;&nbsp; not stopping me [Music] now today is the first&nbsp; time Sophie will be flying away from base solo&nbsp;&nbsp; that's my rout she'll be navigating 25 miles&nbsp; away from the flight school in Hamilton towards&nbsp;&nbsp; the coast and back only using her eyes ears and a&nbsp; map got to keep the river on your left easy pleas&nbsp;&nbsp; [Music] I actually really excited about it plan&nbsp; it last night like it's happened flying solo means&nbsp;&nbsp; she'll be completely isolated and is designed to&nbsp; train her to be calm in testing circumstances I&nbsp;&nbsp; love the smell of Av gas in the morning that's&nbsp; Aviation petrol to you and me actually smells&nbsp;&nbsp; really good and I know I shouldn't say that&nbsp; this flight will also equip her for potential&nbsp;&nbsp; disasters if a colleague in the cockpit of an&nbsp; EasyJet plane Falls ill it's a bit of low Cloud&nbsp;&nbsp; hanging around but I'm going to be quite low I'm&nbsp; going to be on about 2,300 so as long as it's&nbsp;&nbsp; above that I I'm clear of it will be fine Sophie&nbsp; will fly by sight only so it's crucial she keeps&nbsp;&nbsp; an eye on the weather as in low clouds she could&nbsp; become easily disorientated not off to a flying start we go [Music] Sophie at the moment is in&nbsp; the very early parts of the training we have to&nbsp;&nbsp; depart an Airfield safely and then to complete an&nbsp; arrival procedure back into Hamilton it's very big accomplishment halfway into&nbsp; the flight and Sophie spots a problem on with the weather closing&nbsp; in she needs to get back to [Music] base come remain north of the area it can take&nbsp; less than 3 minutes to lose control of a&nbsp;&nbsp; small aircraft in cloud and at this stage of&nbsp; her training Sophie hasn't been taught to use&nbsp;&nbsp; the navigational instruments on board so no&nbsp; satnav to keep her out of trouble to get home&nbsp;&nbsp; she needs to follow the river but before she&nbsp; can follow it she needs to find it but with&nbsp;&nbsp; the cloud getting thicker it's not just Sophie&nbsp; who is worried it's not good back at base head&nbsp;&nbsp; trainer John is becoming increasingly concerned&nbsp; that the cloud base was a little bit lower than&nbsp;&nbsp; we expected um but she was brief to that&nbsp; to that end Sophie drops altitude to try&nbsp;&nbsp; and escape the clouds but she still can't locate&nbsp; the river that she needs to follow back to base getting when I spoke to the tower um they&nbsp; said that she was on base coming into land&nbsp;&nbsp; so but I haven't wow that that's what&nbsp; that indicated so um she can't be too&nbsp;&nbsp; far away Sophie finally spots the river&nbsp; but isn't sure she's heading in the right direction of the river you just follow the river&nbsp;&nbsp; at last the runway comes into view he&nbsp; overcome that training's kicked in and&nbsp;&nbsp; she's made an effective decision&nbsp; and carried out those appropriate actions [Music] [Music] it's pretty exciting pretty intense&nbsp; yeah I went out the Zone on my own it was&nbsp;&nbsp; quite fun was scary big bad world I mean&nbsp; it's only down the road but think go as&nbsp;&nbsp; far as I wanted to which is a bit annoying it's&nbsp; a really big achievement I feel I've got my big&nbsp;&nbsp; girl pounce on today for her next challenge&nbsp; Sophie will be back in Britain where she may&nbsp;&nbsp; need more than her big girl pants to make&nbsp; it as an EasyJet [Music] pilot at gree's&nbsp;&nbsp; largest airport Athens is one ex Cadet who has&nbsp; definitely made the EasyJet grade Cornelius Wilson today he's preparing to fly back&nbsp; to Manchester his longest flight yet at&nbsp;&nbsp; the controls and just to pile the pressure&nbsp; on he's expecting some VIPs who've made a&nbsp;&nbsp; special Journey today h because they've a vested&nbsp; interest in his flying skills Cony this has just&nbsp;&nbsp; let me know that he's very excited about his mom&nbsp; and sister here the reason I'm here is cuz of uh&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz of mom so Mom and Dad so just can't mess it&nbsp; up now here they are the Royals are approaching&nbsp;&nbsp; the forward there she is okay um Captain uh in&nbsp; Waiting he's the captain how you doing I'm good&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm good my boy how long have you been waiting&nbsp; for this flight some long time about 26 and a&nbsp;&nbsp; half years a lovely it's emotional I don't even&nbsp; want to get in the car with him before he can&nbsp;&nbsp; prove to her that he's better in the cockpit&nbsp; than the Car Cornelius needs to deal with a problem so I just need to let you know that&nbsp;&nbsp; the aircraft right all the no&nbsp; smoke and seat belt signs are off okay without seat belt signs lit up on the&nbsp; right of the cabin the plane can't go anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's always the Pilot's responsibility&nbsp; to find a solution quickly so they don't get&nbsp;&nbsp; delayed on the tarmac very well for the rest of&nbsp; the journey just hope it's just the sequ signs&nbsp;&nbsp; hopefully cor list will sort it out put him&nbsp; under pressure all right vix give me a minute&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll update you we might have to do a sid reset&nbsp; which unfortunately will kill the PA I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; speak to Ops now and I'll I'll let you know in&nbsp; a few minutes what we're going to do all right&nbsp;&nbsp; all right safety is always at the Forefront&nbsp; so Cornelius and Toby need to know everything&nbsp;&nbsp; about the plane they're flying so out comes&nbsp; the manual have you seen the resets before uh&nbsp;&nbsp; I haven't done this one no they agree on a cabin&nbsp; reset otherwise known as the old turn it off and&nbsp;&nbsp; on again trick what did you say it was it was it's&nbsp; uh cids delays cost Airlines thousands of pounds&nbsp;&nbsp; per hour not to mention the angry passengers so&nbsp; the boys need to get the electrics fixed quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; so they're able to fly safely so golf 01 yeah&nbsp; you confirm that yeah I'm putting that has that&nbsp;&nbsp; come on yet all cool thanks very much I'll call&nbsp; you back with the clock ticking and the risk of&nbsp;&nbsp; missing their takeoff slot growing it's time&nbsp; to call Easy Jets engineers at luten HQ who&nbsp;&nbsp; think a few news has blown okay let me have a&nbsp; look it's just like a circuit breaker you will&nbsp;&nbsp; get in your normal house or so like a fuse in a&nbsp; plug if it blows it can pop oh yeah there's one out you sorted yeah you fixed it mate&nbsp; lovely thanks for that I all go today&nbsp;&nbsp; with you cor I'm sorry that's all fix&nbsp; ladies and Gentlemen let's get back to&nbsp;&nbsp; Manchester with his mom and sister on board&nbsp; not to mention 158 other passengers let's&nbsp;&nbsp; hope Cornelius can make up the 20-minute&nbsp; delay on the flight home Del one of the [Music] rway [Music] rotate with Captain salaries starting around 100K&nbsp; a year Mama's Keen to find out when she&nbsp;&nbsp; might start getting a more substantial&nbsp; return on her 120k investment I to ask&nbsp;&nbsp; you this how long is it going to be&nbsp; before he's a captain it depends on&nbsp;&nbsp; Cornelius it depends on vacancies&nbsp; potentially he could do it in 4 years it's time for Cornelius to show&nbsp; off his Pilot's voice to his mom and&nbsp;&nbsp; update the passengers in the cabin good&nbsp; ladies and gentlemen boys welcome the&nbsp;&nbsp; your first offic speak we are on time&nbsp; for the on time arrival of quarter to&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 back at Manchester I go want to say many&nbsp; thanks to mother and sister who decided to take CU there's so many ups and downs&nbsp; during flight school it's really really&nbsp;&nbsp; tough without my parents financial support&nbsp; it would not have been possible I wouldn't be&nbsp;&nbsp; here today talking to you or you I wouldn't&nbsp; be sitting in this uniform who wasn't for&nbsp;&nbsp; my mom thanks very much for coming so&nbsp; I'll see you guys on the out and many thanks you know he's been practicing&nbsp; that in his bedroom for about 10 years [Music] was that meant to happen Okay sometimes I say I work at L airport&nbsp; now people just assume I'm a [Music] cleaner

  Top Comments:
  1. @prod_cass [14 likes]: "high flying dude" ... Mahn that was weak😂
  2. @whitetylerperry [14 likes]: I'm officially hooked on this show lol 
watching English be polite is a bit of fresh air lol
  3. @LokiDWolf [7 likes]: I'm just a sim pilot. And I gotta tell ya, this was a lot of fun to watch! Really cool to see the "inside" of some of the training and experiences. SUB
  4. @jimakcelik6486 [5 likes]: Parents sacrifice for their kids.
We did as well we have one son, he’s a fellow in cardio thoracic surgery in California
  5. @MilesScooters [2 likes]: I swear flight training in the US is so much easiers than anywhere else lol
  6. @ericlane3256 [1 likes]: 120,000 pounds to fly to the ATPL level but you start of with a 40,000 pound salary? You can do that here in the U.S. for half the price and by the time you reach the same level, you're making $50-60,000 a year.
  7. @javierd3530 [1 likes]: They deleted the part when the cabin crew entered the cockpit...
  8. @adriatic123 [1 likes]: I somehow believe more in the future AI piloting the plane than those rookies.
  9. @mauriat1967: Easyjet is the McDonalds of airlines.
  10. @Amos-fn7ie: BROVO
  11. @EndrickDedja: 243 Gleason Route
  12. @ViacheslavIvantishin-ud7qt: What happened to woman? They should not be alliwed to fly such a serious thing. They are emotionally and psikhically unstable. Or they should demonstrate their ability to act in a critical and dangerous situation. The way they drive a car is quute suitable demonstration of their reaction. They are slow and make decision slow. Sure, cthey dont get to the accident but yes they provoke it. What happened to faa, vi want to fly safely
  13. @youssifganni: I don’t know why this makes me happy for them new pilots, but pains me. It has always been a dream to have such a beautiful system in Canada, but this is far from being the case. Because for US and especially Canadian (my case) citizens, it is never that simple to become an airline pilot. First of all, all Canadian pilots deal with garbage weather including snow. But also, 80-95% of us would never even come close of touching the controls of an Airbus even with 1500 hours on single engines. After acquiring 750-1000 hours minimum on Cessnas/Pipers as flight instructors (2-3 years), we then apply for Northern Air Taxi companies where we start flying multi piston aircrafts, if lucky, turbo props. Within 1-3 years of flying with instruments and a minimum of 500 hours PIC (pilot in command) time, we can then consider applying for regional airlines. Not even mainlines (international). From which we would spend another 2-4 years. Then we could apply for mainline in which we will take a big pay cut. So technically this is a process that takes between 6-8 years. Some will do pay to fly which can cost an upwards of 100k USD abroad. But not all have that luxury. Hence why we have so much shortage of pilots here in Canada and in the US. And why we are missing experienced ones. I graduated in 2019 with a college diploma and ATPL frozen, not only that, trained on a level 3 ascent simulator on a 737, 2 years experience northern flying on turboprops, yet, no company will bat an eye at my CV despite having way more experience than those entry level pilots.
  14. @jimakcelik6486: I miss UK❤❤❤
  15. @davidocallaghan6361: 40 k a year? Glorified bus drivers is all they are 😂😂😂
  16. @sameeralazawee7524: Really very nice >>>>> Thank you .
  17. @chickengeorge9162: I would never fly on this airline.
  18. @adam.dzwoniarek72: Do Brits always have to get hammered onboard?
  19. @KimWentworth-y8e: I knew on the approach that it would be a go around.
  20. @redleader: Cornelius, Mate, I'm gonna need your sisters number straight away....

- What It Takes to Become an Air Force Test Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en - [ATC] Affirm, flyby tower is ready. - [EVIL] Cobra 17, downwind, flyby 450. - [Automated Voice] Altitude, pull up, pull up. (jet aircraft roaring) - [Sam] That's our "Top Gun" moment for sure right there. (dramatic music) - It's an experience definitely that breaks you down, but you all get built back up together and it's a beautiful thing to watch. - We're taking experienced aviators and engineers and teaching them how to fly anything. (airplanes whirring) (helicopter whirring) - Whether we put it on a spacecraft or an aircraft is kind of immaterial, the science behind it is the same. (dramatic synth music) (airplane whooshing) - I'm here in the Mojave Desert at Edwards Air Force Base to find out what it takes to become one of the world's most skilled pilots. This is where aviation history was rewritten, where the sound barrier was first shattered, where the space shuttle first flew and where the limits of what's possible continue to be pushed to new heights. I'll be bringing you along to see how test pilots are trained, what makes this school so prestigious, and at the end of it all, I'll be gearing up for a backseat ride in an F-16 Viper to experience real test pilot maneuvers. So strap in and get ready, because this is an inside look at the Air Force's elite Test Pilot School. (jet aircraft whooshing) What it takes to get into the test pilot school, the bar is very, very high. - The hardest part about test pilot school is doing all the things at once. - We are getting through a two-year master's and a one-year flying program in 12 months. - They are, without question, the best of the best. (aircraft canopy whirring) In the military, we're constantly in this cat and mouse game with potential adversaries. We're always pushing the boundary of technology. How can we make sure that they're effective, that they're safe, they're trustworthy, that they're ethical and also capable. The test pilot school teaches people how to test new things so that the war fighter doesn't have to. When they climb in the aircraft, they know everything from the life support system to the weapons. The aircraft itself will work. (inspiring music) - This is the place, no kidding, where we're all here to make sure that the only one surprised when it's time to fight is the adversary. - We're not teaching people how to fly for the first time. We're taking experienced - What a view. When you walk through the halls of Air Force Test Pilot School, it really does feel like you're walking in the footsteps of aviation legends. Names like Chuck Yeager, who became the first pilot to break the sound barrier in level flight. Neil Armstrong, the first man on the moon, flew over 200 aircraft during his time here at Edwards, including the hypersonic rocket-powered X-15 that still to this day is one of my favorites. (intense music) Between 1962 and 1975, the test pilot school expanded its role to include astronaut training for its test pilots. - [Astronaut] Certainly has to be the most (speaks faintly). - 37 test pilot school graduates were selected from the different services for the US space program, and 26 earned their astronaut wings flying for programs like the X-15, Gemini, Apollo and Space Shuttle. And speaking of the Space Shuttle, Edwards was the perfect place to conduct those initial flights. (gentle piano music) Rogers Dry Lake bed, which is less than a mile from where we are right now at the heart of Edwards Air Force Base, features the world's longest runway, which comes in at a staggering 12,000 meters or roughly 40,000 feet. And actually, the very first space shuttle mission STS-1 landed back here at Edwards Air Force Base on runway 17 after completing 54 orbits around Earth. (bright piano music) - So this is a Commandant row. It shows the pictures of all the commandants here at the test pilot school, and you're looking at, you know, a wall of luminaries. The people who stand out the most here are Chuck Yeager. So back when he was Colonel Chuck Yeager, he did so much to advance the space education here at the school, ultimately flying the NF-104, as you might have seen in the movie, "The Right Stuff." And another obviously well-known luminary and leader in the space and aviation community is Buzz Aldrin. So you can see here, he was a commandant at the school after he got back from the moon landing. And again, just to be in the presence and the company of these men and women who have led the school is really an honor. (trainees chattering) - [Pilot] We'll just do that. - So each year we have hundreds of applicants from across all the major weapons systems in the Air Force who apply. And of those, we ultimately end up picking about 24. And they're split between two different classes. One class that'll start every January and another class that'll start every July. The class here lasts 12 months, and we can break that into three main phases. The first is the performance phase. During that phase, the students are learning fundamentals of tests in addition to the most basic kind of testing, which is how fast, how far, how high, how many Gs can this aircraft perform or pull. The second phase is focused on the flying qualities and handling qualities of an aircraft. We are teaching our students how to look at an aircraft to size it up and understand how it's going to fly in terms of its qualities. The last phase that we focus on is the mission systems. So all the elements of the aircraft that actually allow to perform its function, whether it's the radar, the electronic warfare suite, weapons delivery, communications and navigation and so on. The hands-on, the academics, the real-world test project. The hardest part about test pilot school - My background is in aerospace engineering and so I was not shocked about the academic rigor. I was shocked about how compressed this timeline is. We are getting through a two-year master's and a one year flying Days usually start around 5:00 AM and go well beyond the 12-hour mark. It's an experience definitely - And I think it's the sum total of managing all of that and knowing what to prioritize at this moment. That really constitutes the major challenge of the school. Individual students will get to fly something about 20 to 25 different aircraft. - Aircraft that are being tested right now that we probably won't hear about for years, and if you can imagine are pretty crazy. - That includes everything from fighter aircraft like the F-16 to prop aircraft, the C-12, the Osprey, the R-44 and the Black Hawk, T-38, P-51 Mustang to the B-25. - And it's really to beat into us that we need to be comfortable in uncomfortable situations. - [ATC] Level 20 inches, break the nose up here, perfect. - So if we are the first to fly in a novel weapon system that we can do so safely, securely and effectively every time. (intense dramatic music) - What's so fascinating about test pilots is that they're behind the controls of some of the latest and greatest technology in military aviation. But there is one aircraft here that has been making headlines worldwide, an experimental platform designed to test artificial intelligence in dog fighting. It's a project that's been pretty secretive around here but one that we were given special permission to show you. So get ready for the X-62 Vista. - So Sam, what your viewers are looking at here in the background is the X-62 Vista. This is an incredible, one of a kind, autonomy fighter testbed. It began life as an F-16, specifically for testing thrust vectoring on the F-22, and actually did the initial test that ultimately got to almost 180 degrees of alpha, which is an incredible accomplishment. We ultimately upgraded it to install AI computers so that we could determine how effective AI can be in combat. - And I know everyone's wondering, but can you answer who won that dog fight? - Well, I can't tell you whether or not it won in the air. What I can say is that it was effective enough that we're continuing to do research and advance new lines of research for combat autonomy. - So I see the big dorsal fin pretty much running the entire length of the fuselage. Is that the only structural modification on Vista? - So Vista actually began life as the NF-16 and it actually came off the line with several modifications. All the computers that run the autonomy live in that dorsal fin. And in addition, as you can see, the paint scheme is a little bit different than a usual F-16. - Yeah. - One of the things that stands out is the orange here, which is an homage to test. So early testers would wear orange flight suits in order to be, you know, safely recovered if they had to eject out of aircraft. And really since that time, we've used orange as the test color. You can see it at TPS on our patches. - So how are the AI models actually trained? Like, how does this aircraft learn to dog fight autonomously? - There are these models that engineers and scientists, part of DARPA and other research labs, who put together and they've created an environment where you can simulate dog fighting one-v-one, two-v-two, many-v-many, and you can run it much, much faster than real-time. And those models are not perfect. There are things that they're not gonna capture about winds, about altitude, about the aircraft itself. - So as the expert, do you see a world in the near future where AI replaces pilots? Autonomy takes over, what's your take? - Well, the purpose of this test is really to identify how useful combat AI can be. We know from our day-to-day life, right, that there are areas where AI is going to perform better than humans and other areas where it's not gonna perform nearly as well. We're gonna keep pushing the technology to find out just how far we can take it. My suspicion is that the real value will demonstrate itself when humans and AI are both doing the things that they're best at in combination with each other. - Now, even though this is test pilot school, that doesn't mean everything is about flying. It's about pushing the limits of aviation and expanding into other domains as well. Here, students aren't just pilots. They're engineers, they're analysts, they're innovators. And part of the curriculum includes taking lessons in space where students get to fly actual satellites. And all of that happens right here at the space operations control room. - It's important for us to understand how our satellites operate, if we're gonna be able to defend them against adversary threats. To get after that multi-domain testing, we wanna have the space folks working with the flight folks the same way that the satellites are supporting the airplanes in a war fight. So Sam, we've got a unique opportunity for you here today to operate a satellite that is actually on orbit. It's the XVI satellite which is about twice the size of this satellite. So just think this and then attach, put some solar array sticking out of it and a two-meter antenna sticking out. You're gonna be changing the orientation of that satellite. - Okay. - You're just slewing it. - And slewing means going from what, one position to another. - To another. - Okay, now honestly, I was pretty surprised to hear that the Space Force is a part of test pilot school, but when you think about it, it makes perfect sense. Space is a war fighting domain, just like the air. That's why the yearlong space test course blends fundamentals like leadership and problem-solving with specialized training in orbital mechanics, astrodynamics and satellite systems. And just like the pilots in the sky, guardians are learning how to test, innovate and push the boundaries of what's possible. - Future conflicts aren't going to be in just one domain, right? We're gonna have troops fighting on the ground, we're gonna have planes in the air, we're gonna have ships at sea and we're gonna have satellites and orbits supporting all of them. Whether we put it on a spacecraft So we teach the space and the flight students that stuff together. All right, and real-time commands went up. We're now at 182, and we can see that green line jumped again and that will continue ticking on. So you've basically told the satellite to do a pirouette now. - Now the biggest takeaway for me is that you can be a part of something as legendary as test pilot school while serving in the Space Force. As a guardian, your mission is to secure our nation's interests in, from and to space. And if that sounds like something you might be interested in, you can head to spaceforce.com to start your journey today. - My absolute favorite part of this job is working with the instructors at the test pilot school who are, without question, They are, without a doubt, extraordinary. And the amount of energy they pour into the students every day, the the amount of knowledge they bring to the table is incredible to behold. - All right, so time act, I'm showing right up against about 26 on the hour. We're gonna work all the times, real times as we go. We got all the folks here. No specific risk level stuff. Where I'm, it's good for me, you all good? - Yes. - All right. You are what you are. Security, we do have some classification requirements. So today we're gonna introduce Sam to kind of what it's like to be a test pilot at Edwards. We're gonna look at departing aircraft. We're gonna look at going supersonic, flying low level to look at handling qualities. So we're gonna do a bunch of stuff today to really kind of show Sam the ropes at Edwards. All right, fabulous. Hi, chief, brave set check. - [Pilot] Yes, sir. - Gonna hold the nose up and then as we come over the top, the airplane's gonna kind of do one of these things. We'll exceed the departure angle attack and the airplane will likely settle into what's called a deep stall. Go ahead, stand by, main lights, click on the main engine. (seatbelt clicks) We will however, hopefully get a chance to pull some Gs and get you a feel for what that's like. You're gonna find that to be quite the adventure. Good, HUD on, you should get HUD symbology in your right. All right, Chief, cleared to pull the E.P.U pin. Tower number 1, Cobra 17 Flight, ready for take off, 23 left. Checking, 90%. Engine looking healthy, super healthy. Blinks and max. - Let's go. - [Bill] All right, nozzle swing is engaged. - That is a rocket ship. - It is. Rotate, lift off, gear. Yeah, out of A/B. Sometimes testing an airplane is taking it into that environment to make sure they can do the mission under those conditions. All right, you ready for some feet? - [Sam] Let's do it. - All right, good, here we go. (jet plane engine roars) - [Sam] Woo! - 5.5 Gs. - Woo! Wow. - [Bill] Yeah, she climbs like a son of a bitch. - [Sam] We are vertical right now. Oh, my God. Woo! - So low levels have a fairly long military history. It turns out the closer you are to the ground, historically, the harder you are to shoot. That cannot always be true, because you're also down there where the small arms are. But at the same time, it's important to look at testing aircraft at low altitude, because obviously when you're closer to the ground going high speeds, a little mistake can make a big difference. Cobra 17 flight of 2 F-16s at a point alpha side one yard. We're at 450 knots, 500 feet. I'm gonna do a quick roll, 180 descent and see you on the other side. (tense music) Now when you're flying that fast and that close to the ground, you're not like in a race car where your turn radius are very tight and you can't slow down to turn. So I need to look out miles ahead and decide how I'm going to enter that turn so I can use the G capability aircraft to make it through that turn. - Oh my goodness. - Yep. Nice and low, eh? - We are below the mountains. (intense upbeat music) - Little fast right now. We're getting that under control. So we have to do is we have to lead this turn. So we come through here, get our roll on. And back into the valley. (both laugh) Right through here, you look, see the terrain is very busy. So I don't give myself a lot by trying to stay down low and inside the crevices. - [Sam] Yeah. - [Bill] 'Cause there's another thing too. Imagine people are looking for me visually, you know, maybe anti-aircraft gunners. - Right. - Every time I do this, I'm really easy to see, 'cause there's a big old platform, right? - [Sam] Sure. - [Bill] Now thing about a ridge crossing is if you do it wrong, you end up ballooning. So you end up going high and staying high. What you wanna do is you want to stay low. And then we'll get some altitude here, then I can roll and then cross. - [Sam] Wow. - [Bill] There you go, that's six Gs. That back down low. So a big part of of being a test pilot, especially for fighter type aircraft, is understanding how to test an airplane, what we call departure characteristics. Now a good way to think of this is imagine you're driving a car and you drive on an IC patch and all of a sudden the the backend swings out and now you're doing 360 down the road. That's a departure from controlled flight in a car. Now in an airplane when you depart from controlled flight, you do in three dimensions and you typically do at much higher speed. You're higher but you need a lot more altitude to recover as well. So we have to teach them not only how to fly and how to determine how an aircraft handles near those limits, but once they go beyond the limits to determine whether or not they can recover. Sport, Cobra 17 flight with you, passing 28,000. Request any spin area, West preferred. - [ATC] Cobra 17, cleared to enter 2515. Altimeter is 29.94, standby for the spin area. - 29.94. All right, so now we start having the fun. We're gonna start off with an upright deep stall. For our first departure, we're gonna do is a very simple departure. We just go almost vertical. Just gonna be very close to the vertical climb we did on takeoff. - We're just gonna hold it until we run at air speed. - [Sam] All right. - And we're gonna depart above 35,000 feet. All you are at 30,000 feet now. So bring the power back to idle, it's easier on the engines if they aren't high powered for this. They oughta sit right about here. And as we run out of airspeed, that vector gets like this and now the airplane can't stay pointed into the wind. So we end up falling down like this and the airplane will settle in what's called an upright deep stall. - Whoa. - Oh yeah. - [Sam] We're floating. - [Bill] Now try to hold the nose up. - Wow. - And now we're falling. There's not much to that, is there? - [Sam] No. - [Bill] Cool, so now we're in a deep stall. - [Sam] We are stalled out in F-16, wow. - [Bill] Yeah, so the pitch rock, I'm gonna go to FPO and I'll get to start right now with a pull and then a push. And there's the recovery, gonna hold it down. Little rotation's pretty normal here. And there's 200 knots, Cobra 17, come in. - Copy, recovered. - Oh nice, easy pull out here. All right, ADC light, that's pretty normal. (tense dramatic music) (Sam breathes deeply) Good to go, nozzle looking good. So that's pretty mellow, huh? - [Sam] Oh, yeah here. - So the next departure we're gonna do, it's like the upright departure, but now we're gonna do it inverted. So instead of starting like this, we're gonna start like this. So we start by going straight up, bring the airplane around here and then now we're gonna fall over backwards. And that's a really unusual way to depart, because you run out of air speed, and when you're out of air speed, you're floating in the cockpit. It's like you're on zero G. But then as the airplane starts to fall, you build the G and then now you're hanging in the straps and the airplane will settle like that. (aircraft system beeps) That's what I said, hoarding again, that's telling us we're too slow, we should be recovering, but we're not doing that today. Now I'm just gonna hold the pitch right here. - [Sam] What a view! - And there's departure. - Warning, warning, warning. - [Sam] Oh, my gosh, wow! - [Bill] Whoa, here we go. Ready for a deep stall. Gonna invert and keep things straight here. Let's you track out of it, so FPO push and pull. - Oh, my gosh! - There's the recovery. The FPO switch. Cobra 17, recovered. (dreamy music) An important part of doing flight test is trying to figure out what kind of mistakes is a pilot likely to make or what could they make and what happens if they make that mistake. So our next departure, but we're gonna kind of stomp on the brakes on this one. We're gonna pull the airplane up almost to the vertical, but what if I don't see that I'm not quite vertical and I try to pull it over? Did not enough air speed to do that. So the airplane's gonna go up like this and will fall backwards and then it'll flop over. Probably tumble just a little bit until it finally gets the nose pointed into the wind and recover. All right, here we are getting up to the pitch attitude. Now I'm just gonna hold this until I get the low speed horn, which I've turned off so we can talk. The horn will be now, so I'm just gonna start pulling the stick back 'cause I don't know that I'm not in the vertical. I'm gonna try to recover now. And notice as the nose comes up, it just stops. - I pull and pull left and the nose isn't moving anymore. That means we're running out of air speed. And right about here, we're starting to fall backwards, and as we gain speed falling backwards, we'll just start to flop forward a little bit and there she goes. And we'll just kind of let her settle out. She'll probably self recover, and there's the recovery. That's pretty crazy, isn't it? - [Sam] 'Cause I never thought I'd be tail sliding in an F-16. - So the last departure is a great demonstration of how the airplane can kinematically go very, very wrong. So the entire airplane, if it's rolling really rapidly, if we push on it with a tail, so let's say we're in a really rapid roll, we push on it with a tail, all those gyroscopic forces will cause it to yaw out. We're gonna start by getting slow but not too slow, because we need to have enough air speed to really make the airplane roll fast. So we're gonna be rolling over and over and over again. We're still going up, so we're just rolling while we're going up. We run out of speed, we continue rolling and then we'll finally be going fast enough that the airplane could get pointed back into the wind and we can recover. So I'm just gonna start pulling the stick back 'cause I don't know that I'm not in the vertical. It gets pretty floppy, doesn't it? - It's crazy. - And it's just gonna keep going. I'm gonna try to recover now, and notice as the nose starting to fall backwards. - Oh, my god. - And as we gain speed falling backwards, we'll just start to flop forward a little bit, and there she goes. She'll probably self recover - [Sam] My head is spinning right now. - [Bill] Yeah, it's pretty disorienting. - [Sam] Yeah, before this video, people told me the departures and the spins is one of the most nauseating things you can do, so. - [Bill] So you agree? - [Sam] I do agree, but very cool to experience up here. - Yeah, you know- - It's not gonna stop me. I just gotta give me a little straight low for a bit and then we're good. - [Bill] I've had more people, you know, get sick to stuff like this, but nobody ever wished they hadn't done it. - [Sam] Yeah, that's very true. - [Bill] Flyby tower, Cobra 17. - Affirm, flyby tower is ready. - So the tower flyby is an interesting maneuver, because you end up flying very low and very fast. But why would we fly 100 feet above the ground and up to almost supersonic speeds? Well, as it turns out, as you go faster and slower in an airplane, the instruments that show your altitude, the altimeter, they change. Well, that needs to be corrected. So we need to learn what those errors are. So the best way to do it is we just put some engineers in a tower. They've got a device that exactly measures our height above the ground and we go flying a given height, about 100-feet over the ground and a range of air speeds. They measure a height above the ground and then we calculate the difference between that measured height and then the height by instruments show. And we use that to create corrections for the airplane. Cobra 17, downwind, flyby, 450 - [ATC] Cobra 17 flight, report base tower flyby. 718, wind 200, report base flyby. - [Bill] More Gs to line up on this. Flight 17, flyby, 450. We're gonna lower here. It is 450, we've got 150 feet. The beautiful thing about flight tests for me is first of all, every day is a little bit different, because we're always testing new things, trying new things. It's kind of amazing. And ready, ready. Pedal power. - That's our "Top Gun" moment for sure right there. Let's go! - [Bill] Escort Cobra 17, we're completing the up in the area array to RTB for a high key SFO. - [ATC] Cobra 17, roger on request. - What it takes to get into the test pilot school? The the bar is very, very high. All of our students are very intelligent. In fact, it's difficult for them, because they're all used to being very high in their classes all through their lives. They show up at test pilot school and they discover pretty quickly that half of 'em are below average. But they're all very intelligent. They work very hard, they all really want to do the job. It's like the perfect mix of teaching a subject I love to people that would love to learn it. We're doing it in airplanes. I mean, it's perfect for me. - Well, that's a wrap here at test pilot school. And what a genuinely incredible experience. This isn't just about flying jets, it's about pushing the limits of what's possible, testing new technology and shaping the future of aviation. After that flight, I can confidently say that being a test pilot isn't for everyone. It takes a tremendous amount of skill and a mindset built for constant challenges. But for those that make it through, they've certainly earned their place in history as a true aviation pioneer. Thanks so much for coming along for this ride. And I'll catch you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamEckholm [150 likes]: Such an amazing opportunity to go inside one of the Air Force & Space Force's most exclusive programs. What do you want to see next? 👇🏼
  2. @Z-Dino0528: Tha is if I’m not fricking color blind
  3. @ParisHilton-Club: Angel 9 team 2 to team 1 I'm okay. Over and out.
  4. @socalairshowreview7410: Guy just did this in order to get a free jet ride
  5. @viktorkarlsson4900: Do a behind the scene stuff for like patreon. Id sign that up directly!
  6. @Candymanyank: Sorry I thought it was so funny when you said innovation while they were using legos, great video props to the people who can go above and beyond!
  7. @ayazahmad958: come to pakistan
  8. @TimeCat1010: oh yeah put AI in a fighter craft, what could go wrong
  9. @александрастапов-о8т: что такое ээ
  10. @stnaes-tf4ow: A human pilot flying in a simulation against an AI pilot in order to train it, is like training your replacement
  11. @stnaes-tf4ow: 8:50 | The AI won… the AI wins every time. Theyve had multiple simulations against AI pilots
  12. @LetsLeonardo: Guys where can I go in Perth to learn how to fly fighter jets and like normal planes
  13. @KwasiOpoku-m6s: That’s crazy I swear bro
  14. @ravijatania: Do they still teach them in the C-47? 0:40
  15. @vava5085: An ordinary campaign, albeit beautifully shot.
  16. @vava5085: First we teach them how to fly.... And then we fly to bomb those who dared to be insufficiently democratic,... well, or his country, by a strange coincidence, was located above our oil, lithium, etc.. 

Japan (1945)
Korea and China 1950-53 (Korean War)
Guatemala 1954
Indonesia (1958)
Cuba (1959-1961)
Guatemala (1960)
Congo (1964)
Laos (1964-1973)
Vietnam (1961-1973)
Cambodia (1969-1970)
Guatemala (1967-1969)
Grenada (1983)
Lebanon (1983, 1984) (defeating targets in Lebanon and Syria)
Libya (1986)
El Salvador (1980)
Nicaragua (1980)
Iran (1987)
Panama (1989)
Iraq (1991) (Gulf War)
Kuwait (1991)
Somalia (1993)
Bosnia (1994, 1995)
Sudan (1998)
Afghanistan (1998)
Yugoslavia (1999)
Yemen (2002)
Iraq (1991-2003) (United States and British troops)
Iraq (2003-2015)
Afghanistan (2001-2015)
Pakistan (2007-2015)
Somalia (2007-2008, 2011)
Yemen (2009, 2011)
Libya (2011, 2015)
Syria (2014-2015)
Yemen (2015)
Cameroon (2015)
Libya (2015)
Yemen (2023-2025)
Gaza Strip (2023-2026) with the help of an avatar in the face of Israel
Venezuela (2026)

Iran (2025-2026)
  17. @adolfginsburg2531: Ээ- ээ
  18. @arshanshamsi-n7w6c: hi im arshan i love you and your video im 7 years old please respond love you by😚😚😚🥰🥰🥰🥰
  19. @teamFOX1Cgames: Смотрю с удовольствием ээ потому что ээ здесь ээ очень крутая картинка ээ
  20. @gasan206: что такое ЭЭ?

- What It Takes To Become A Pilot — inside United's Simulator: Kind: captions Language: es Okay, ¿Estás lista? Estoy lista Okay Mira hacia abajo en la pista, voy a empujar los aceleradores hacia arriba Anunciaré 100 nudos Vamos a llamar a V1 Mis manos saldrán de los aceleradores Puedes proceder y empezar a jalar hacia atrás Ahí vas, no le tengas miedo Ahí vas Hay una tasa positiva y el equipo está subiendo No soy piloto, pero acabo de despegar en un Airbus A320 Okay, no es un avión real Pero este simulador, valorado en $20 millones de dólares, es una réplica exacta de una cabina del A320 Y la tecnología en su interior lo hace aún más complejo que el propio avión Aquí, en el centro de entrenamiento de vuelos de United Airlines en Denver, Colorado hay 31 simuladores de vuelo y casi medio millón de pies cuadrados Esta instalación es uno de los centros de entrenamiento de aerolíneas más grande del mundo Todos los 12,000 pilotos de United pasan por aquí durante su entrenamiento inicial y regresan cada 9 meses para mantenerse actualizados sobre los procedimientos de vuelo y protocolos de seguridad El capitán Mike McCasky ha sido piloto de United por 28 años y nos mostró cómo volar un avión comercial Cuéntame un poco sobre lo que estamos viendo aquí Antes de empezar, estamos en un simulador de A320 Utilizamos nuestros dispositivos de entrenamiento para entrenar a nuestros pilotos desde el primer día hasta el día 30 lo cual es el tiempo que les toma terminar la escuela En este dispositivo en particular podemos simular cualquier situación que queramos que el equipo experimente en la operación Nos dio una descripción detallada de todos los instrumentos La mayoría de los cuales solo se utilizan en casos de emergencia Para mí, el despegue no fue tan difícil Utilicé la palanca del avión para ascender a 10,000 pies de altura Pero el capitán Mike estaba a cargo de las cosas más complejas como monitorear la velocidad y trayectoria del vuelo ¿En qué momento cambias a piloto automático? Cuando quieras una vez que nos alejemos del suelo Hay una altitud mínima de activación del piloto automático que usamos pero nos gusta volar entonces volaremos ¿Así que típicamente no se usa el piloto automático para el despegue? No para el despegue A veces lo usamos para aterrizar si las condiciones lo ameritan ¿Por cuánto tiempo se mantiene el avión en piloto automático? La mayor parte del tiempo ¿Cuál sería una situación en la que no lo usarías? Cuando nos acercamos al aterrizaje normalmente no lo usamos o si el control de tráfico aéreo te está dando órdenes con muchos giros para entrar en la línea de tráfico para el aterrizaje El piloto automático tiende a ser lento a veces ya que está personalizado y orientado para hacer el vuelo lo más estable posible Cuéntame un poco sobre lo que hacemos mientras volamos Estamos escuchando la radio. Estamos monitoreando las comunicaciones de control de tráfico aéreo Monitorearemos eso Miraremos por la ventana para asegurarnos de que no estemos volando en tormentas o ese tipo de cosas Buscamos atajos estables si no están ahí Una vez por hora, revisaremos todas las partes del sistema para asegurarnos de que todo esté funcionando correctamente Después de despegar con buen clima pudimos experimentar cómo los pilotos vuelan a través de una tormenta de truenos Así es como se ve en el avión No volaríamos por la parte roja Ni siquiera nos gusta volar por la parte verde Así que rotaríamos. Le pediríamos al control de tráfico aéreo un giro a 150 Podemos hacer eso a bordo Ahora vamos a empezar a girar a la izquierda Y aquí viene la turbulencia Sigue girando Por eso es que a veces el piloto automático hace un trabajo mejor Es un poco más estable aunque no es tan rápido El simulador pone a los pilotos a prueba en casos de fallas en el motor hasta tormentas severas o choques con aves United no nos mostró cómo se ven los choques en el simulador Pero los pilotos practican éstas situaciones de emergencia cada nueve meses Lo bueno es que no estamos haciendo ese tipo de cosas en el mundo real muy seguido pero queremos asegurarnos de que nuestra tripulación esté lista para lidiar con cualquier cosa Cuando yo intenté aterrizar, fue obvio que no soy piloto Contenlo un poco Eso fue mi culpa Manejar un simulador fue mucho más difícil de lo que pensé y mucho mas realista Pero el centro no es solo para pilotos 1,500 de los 24,000 asistentes de vuelo de la aerolínea también acuden al centro una vez al año para aprender y mantenerse al día sobre los procedimientos de emergencia Esta es nuestra balsa de deslizamiento aquí en United Airlines y aquí es donde cada nuevo piloto tiene que deslizarse al menos una vez en su carrera al igual que las azafatas, quiénes lo deben hacer una vez como mínimo Y esperamos que esta sea la única vez que tengan que hacer algo como esto ¿Estás lista? Da un paso adelante y para abajo vas Siéntate, siéntate Buen trabajo Los asistentes de vuelo de United también reciben entrenamientos anuales para aprender a lidiar con situaciones médicas y evacuar aviones Quitate el cinturón de seguridad, sal, deja todo El objetivo que tenemos en United es que hay un marco de tiempo de 90 segundos para evacuar a todos los pasajeros del avión de manera segura para sobrevivir Te voy a guiar a través de cada paso Haz eso hacia arriba Ahora vas a mirar afuera ¿Ves fuego, humo, escombros u obstrucciones? No Entonces, adelantes. Esa palanca grande hace cosas grandes Gira la palanca, suéltala y agárrate como lo hiciste ¡Vengan por aquí! En tus propias palabras eso funcionaría porque no estás capacitada como asistente de vuelo Con todos estos recursos y réplicas para pilotos, auxiliares de vuelo y técnicos United ha invertido una suma considerable en su entrenamiento El centro cuenta con más de mil millones y medio de dólares en bienes en la propiedad United dice que estos protocolos de entrenamiento son estándar en la industria Si todos volamos al nivel más seguro, nos beneficia a todos Competiremos vigorosamente en producto y servicio pero no competiremos en seguridad Después de ver las instalaciones y qué tan riguroso es el entrenamiento Me siento segura de que los pilotos están tan bien entrenados, que están listos para cualquier cosa sin importar lo que pase

  Top Comments:
  1. @FreightontheFly [1 likes]: Her: “I used the plane’s joystick”

Me: (going crazy)🤦‍♂️It’s a sidestick!
  2. @mda3301: Cool I’m planning to be a pilot when I grow up I’m only a kid right now.👨‍✈️🛫
  3. @ssherrierable: they only have 30 days of school?
  4. @Kobbins3693: He said they don’t use autopilot much and then said they use it most of the time ?😊😊
  5. @thomasleong5982: There IS, ONE, situation that NO  pilot can train for..... you take a guess...
  6. @tarverr.mcknightjr4439: DEI I will never fly on this DEI airlines!!!😊
  7. @richarddastardly6845: I wish I was an A320 first officer…✈️💫👨‍✈️
  8. @AhmedAbdul-t8g: :face-blue-wide-eyes:
  9. @tammyterrell1641: I wish United would bring back the pilot for a program. It was a great learning opportunity. I loved it.
  10. @SergeiIvanof-l6h: This is the First video when i totally understand every single word ever. The speech of both IS so so clear 
Thank you for that!
  11. @brennanworthy6043: United Airlines is CRIMINAL.
  12. @kariandmax729: United killed my dog and then last year. I booked on them accidentally through Expedia. And they screamed at my autistic sun when it took him too long to get his boarding pass out, united is the worst
  13. @cassyeung2358: Just like the Chinese Airplanes: very similar to it. 👍 😃.
  14. @Namelessly554: THATS SO COOL
  15. @Mussi438: Oh were
  16. @yonatanmakara6856: i wanted to see what happen when ya crash it lol. how the simulator reacts
  17. @CountryWilly: Very interesting
  18. @TriPham-j3b: 150 + knots before liff off and never operate flap if over 175 knots and never under 150 knots
  19. @shayneshinkai1772: Pilots are amazing!
  20. @ninjapirate123: Who would even wanna be a pilot if AI is gonna take over the world in the future

- Getting Your Private Pilot's License // Full Process Start to Finish: Kind: captions Language: en about a year ago I was looking into what all it would take to get my pilot's license how much it would cost and what the training would look like but no matter what I searched or how hard I looked I couldn't find a clear outline and explanation of what the process looked like so I decided to document my entire journey from beginning to end from online ground school to finally getting my private pilot's license before starting any training I booked a discovery flight for me and my wife with a friend of mine who is an instructor I want to make sure that not only was this something that I wanted to do but I also wanted my wife to be familiar with what general aviation flying looked like and to make sure she had a frame of reference for what I was about to embark on after going up around the pattern a few times and doing a few landings I was absolutely hooked after another conversation with my wife we decided that I would officially start pursuing my pilot's license in its simplest form you need to do two things to get your license you need to pass a written exam and you need to pass a practical exam which consists of two portions the oral and the flight portion I decided to go ahead and knock out my written portion before starting my flying to expedite the flight portion of my training I started by signing up for Sporty's online ground school there are several other fantastic online ground schools available but I chose port is just because I was familiar with them instead of doing ground school online you could also get instruction from a CFI at your local flight school check that out that's my endorsement so I can actually go to a testing center and take my private pilot's license for written tests nice hi guys I'm annoyed at the airport right now to take my private pilot's license written exam so wish me luck the written portion was pretty straightforward it's a 60 question test that you take on a computer and you have to get a 70% or higher to pass well you guys have passed so I've officially taken the written portion so and passed it so I'm good to go I can do all my instruction and you don't need to take the pass the test and renewed instruction but now that I've kind of gotten that out of the way I feel like I'm a lot more well prepared for the for all the instruction that I'm gonna be doing in the plane and that hopefully things will just go a little quicker a little smoother so nice so with the written portion of the certificate out of the way I switched my focus to the flight requirements there is a very specific list of different types of flying you need to do with your CFI and how many hours of each you need you need a total of 40 hours of flight time minimum once you reach 40 you can legally take your check ride but it's totally up to your C of five whether or not you're ready so you may end up flying more than that of those 40 hours 20 of them need to be with your C if I giving you instruction those 20 hours need to include three hours of cross-country training three hours of night flying three hours by reference only two instruments and three hours of check ride prep specifically you also need to have at least ten hours of solo flight time of which five hours has to be cross-country all of these requirements have some other sub requirements so take a look at the FAA regulations for those details on the day of my first flight lesson we practiced a bunch of maneuvers like slow flight stalls and steep turns you'll keep practicing these maneuvers throughout most of your training because they make up the majority of your check ride we also started practicing some landings my instructor pretty much gave me full rein of the controls from the very first takeoff although I'm sure he was adding in little inputs here and there especially during landing for the most part all of your initial training is geared towards making sure that you have full control of the airplane so you can finally go up by herself for your first solo mine started out like any normal day my see if I and I went up around the pattern of you times then he told me to taxi back to the ramp he got out told me to go up into the same thing again to touch and gos and one full stop it's easy to feel like you're not prepared for your first solo but rest assured your see if I is not gonna send you up if you're not ready aviation is all about safety and if they didn't think that you could safely solo the airplane they wouldn't sign off on it so trust you see if I when they tell you you're ready to solo and trust that all of your hard work up until this point will get you through it so as I push the throttle the full power of her take off my body took over without even realizing it I was verbally talking through my checklist and focusing on the flight so much that I didn't even have time to be nervous once you set the plane down for that last landing that's when it hits you you just flew an airplane all by yourself I can't overstate the feeling of accomplishment I felt after Lone Eagle be held true I did that all me there's no safety net in place and I instinctively fell back on my training to get it done since you need a total of 10 hours solo and only five of it is cross-country I chose to do the rest of it in the pattern so went out by myself a few more times when the weather was nice and since I was by myself this is when I really got to focus on perfecting my radio voice and I have that traffic in sight and I know some Foxtrot Foxtrot traffic it is for the option number two clear tuxedo clear attention I understand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all right everybody this is my third time soloing I'm just gonna be doing some support in the pattern just working on tension goes just looking for five five our minimum requirement for the solo portion to the pattern after this I think what its gonna be is some cross-country prep and I'm gonna fly some cross-country with my instructor we're gonna fly the same routes then I'm gonna eventually be doing myself and then have a choir once I've been cleared out those particular routes with my instructor I'm gonna take those exact same routes for five hours by myself solo so then I'll have an additional five hours solo but this happen to be cross country is there a pattern play which by one Niner seven Park Drive only one make left traffic clipped a go left have a cleaver take off 907 buckshot next my CF on and I decided to tackle the solo cross-country but first he had to review my flight plan and accompany me on the trip first so he could sign me off to land at the destination airports alright there it is what you doing there oh I'm sleigh with Bethany fake the Vincennes arriving after he signed me off it was once again up to me to make the hundred and fifty nautical mile journey on my own if the reality of flying an airplane didn't hit you in your first solo then it'll hit you here out in the open country and outside of gliding distance of an airport after that we did a night flight which is pretty straightforward you just need three hours of night flight including one cross-country trip of over a hundred nautical miles and distancing and ten takeoffs and landings to a full stop we went ahead and knocked this all out in a single night after that we moved on to flying by reference to instruments for me this meant the incredibly attractive boggles you have to lock three hours of flight that the Fargo's actually on Orkut to go with a departure duty this part of the training was particularly fun for me because I got to fly in a plane with an amazing garment suite of avionics we also went over unusual attitude recovery during this flight which is actually quite a bit of fun recover I'm sure I've been - I did from here the only real thing left to do was to prepare for my checkride that meant doing the maneuvers in the ACS over and over and it'll be hard to get it wrong and right about there what you're good on the pitch I work [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] once I was comfortable with all the maneuvers I had everything I needed for my checkride the DP II was pretty booked so it wasn't scheduled for about another month I kept flying as often as I could to keep my skills sharp and so that would remain proficient I kept studying all my material until the checkride day came once I sat down in front of the examiner my training and preparation all kicked in and I felt comfortable talking about the topics he asked me about we sat in that room for about an hour after that portion of the check ride we took a quick break and then continued on to the flight portion I would have filmed all this but I wanted to focus on passing plus I'm pretty sure you're not allowed to do that or else I would have seen some videos on YouTube after we landed he shook my hand and congratulated me on receiving my certificate we snapped a classic photo and headed home so I could take my first and favorite passenger on the flight that I had promised her movie in a theater yeah very cute but some kind of smack guess what finally got my private pilot's certificate if this is my first real flight as a fighter pilot carry my very first pass here my beautiful wife elite all said and done it took me about nine months from the system to check right and that was going at a pretty moderate pace I went into my checkride with about 45 flight hours and financially the whole process cost me about $7,500 huge shout out to my instructor Justin for being so patient with me and my flight school Greenville aviation for helping me along this journey I hope you guys enjoyed this video and if you did make sure to LIKE comment and please share with your friends who are interested in getting involved in aviation this has definitely been one of the most challenging but rewarding things I've ever done and I can't wait to share all of our adventures with you guys fly safe y'all and I'll see you up there [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mr.george-pht [5400 likes]: 19 years ago I sold a car to a flight instructor. We hit it off and he asked if I was interested in flying. 
The next day he took me up in a small plane. We spent hours in the air, landed and refueled to do it again. 
Ever since I said I wanted to get my lic. 
I never really had time or money. 
Well....my son is 22 and doesn't depend on me. My wife finished her school and the last few years has made more money then me. 
So today I finally walked into a school and asked what's the next step. 

I'm actually gonna go do this. After 19 years of would of could of should of excuses and stalls.
  2. @zephaniahcarter6134 [1 likes]: 9:35 7,500!??!!! What??? I was told this whole process was way more expensive.
  3. @DandyChickens7 [1 likes]: I❤flying but it is the most expensive hobby I have ever done! I’m a private pilot with over 4k as pilot in command. I can no longer afford 2 fly because rent is $200 an hr now! I started at 16 years of age and the price I paid then was only $12 an hr! Guess my age?😱😱😱
  4. @amirkazemi2517: how did you handle getting air sick?
  5. @The.4kFamilyvalues: Thank you for sharing your experience!
  6. @elicash315: And now it’s at least 15k
  7. @davibe2304: Was this Greenville aviation as in Greenville SC?
  8. @axelfoley650: Well done buddy
  9. @9LimaAlpha7: how long did it take u (duration) to get ur ppl licence?
  10. @mechanic350: so, how much did it cost you everytime you went up flying?
  11. @lionlocVanDwellington: My dream. I’m going to make this happen
  12. @Celaw-babie: Whats the school name pls
  13. @cedricvalentine1279: So proud of you bro that inspired me so God bless you keep flying❤️❤️🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲
  14. @H.0.0.0-n9e: Can someone fund me?... lets do it
  15. @ijustwannabeadrummer: Thx for posting bro...this was 6 yrs ago hope you are still flying!
  16. @gbertostorage1575: Is 37 too old to start learning and get licensed?
  17. @RamA-n9j1f: Hi, There 
It very informative 
Thanks 
Ram
  18. @6492002: Thank you for documenting your experience!
  19. @The_slightly_indecent_one: Huge difference between this and commercial, as commercial I need to do like 200 hours and the shortest it can take is a 54-week full-time course.
  20. @jost5: One question, how long did all of this take ? (never mind, i got it)

- The Journey To Becoming An Airline Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en all right what is up everybody welcome back to another YouTube video and this video is a little different we're not going flying if you're new to the channel I'm Joey muo I fly an Airbus out of the Tampa Airport airline pilot and also super into fitness right now I'm training for a sub three Marathon so I've been sharing that Journey a little bit but this video is going to be all about my journey from the start to finish of becoming an airline pilot and I have my log books here with me to show you basically how long it took and also talk a little bit about the price breakdown um but that has changed a little bit in the last couple years long story short I did a part 61 program uh out of Melbourne Florida Melbourne Flight Training and I did every single hour of my flight training and also my instructing at that school and I can also get you a discovery flight or a free intro flight to the their career airline pilot program if you're interested in becoming an airline pilot I'll talk through the breakdown so this is my first log book ever and then as I got more hours I got this big boy and then now I actually have a digital log book but all of my check rides are in these paper log books right here so first check ride ever was my private pilot license check ride so this basically allows you to take up friends and family you can't get paid to fly yet but you can go fly by yourself go fly with friends and family it's a really big First Step so here I did my Private Pilot check ride at about 60 hours and this was 2018 11:26 2018 you know technically you only need 40 hours part 61 so I did a little bit more than that I wasn't quite ready right at 40 hours and that's very very common and this um this check ride costed me around total like all of my cost going into my Private Pilot check ride it was like around 8 $8 to $110,000 so that's pretty standard on what you'll what you'll get nowadays then the next check ride after your private pilot license is going to be your instrument rating so this basically allows you to fly into the cloud so Private Pilot you take a written test so you'll study for that you take the written test you pass that and then you also have a practical exam which is like a 2hour oral exam you sit down with a pilot examiner that ask you a bunch of questions you answer them if you complete that good you move on to the flight portion and then you go fly for like an hour hour and a half same thing with the instrument check ride there's a a written test and then you go and do the exact same thing 2hour oral exam and then you go fly and you go do different things obviously than the Private Pilot exam the instrument check ride is more about about learning how to fly into the clouds shooting approaches and everything like that um you mostly will fly under something called foggles uh which will simulate being in a cloud while you fly that entire check ride shooting approaches and and all sorts of stuff uh holds and flying radials off vs all all sorts of stuff so about 3 months later 4 18 2019 I guess it was like 4 4 months later four or 5 months later I took my instrument check ride same thing there right at here I had about 170 hours so this costed me around another $110,000 a lot of people are going to ask the difference between part 61 and 141 61 is pay as you go go at your own pace that's what I did I didn't really follow a strict um schedule 141 you will be on a strict time schedule pretty much obviously things change but it's different in terms of hour requirements there's two different ways of going about it but I personally went part 61 I just wanted to go at my own pace and that's just what the school offered at that time now they have a 141 program so you'll probably save a little bit of money maybe going 141 rather than 61 and possibly a little bit of time too because there's less hours required to get your licenses through 141 then I got my instrument check ride the next check ride my commercial single engine um so now you know obviously Private Pilot you can fly to friends and family IFR you can go fly into the clouds then commercial this is a big one because now you can go get paid to fly so I took this check ride uh 718 2019 so about 3 months after the instrument check ride and passed it first try this one is obviously different than the past two check rides different Maneuvers they just want to make sure basically that you have more Mastery of the airplane because now you're going to go get paid to fly you're going to fly around people or cargo or whatever kind of job you're going to pick up probably most often what I did you're probably going to go do uh be become a CFI become a flight instructor so um that's what I did after this but that is another check ride same thing with commercial you're going to take a written and then you're going to take the check ride couple hours oral exam and go fly and hit all those Maneuvers that you have to nail basically for that check ride pretty much finished that and then I immediately got into my CFI training becoming a flight instructor is probably the hardest rating that you're ever going to get because there's so much knowledge involved like you have to really really know your stuff considering you're about to teach everybody you know getting everybody their private license you know eventually if you get your double eye their instrument uh rating then their commercial license and everything like that so I did my CFI 329 2020 so I took a little bit of time off and then I knocked that out it was definitely the hardest check ride but very very rewarding and the second I got this I was lucky enough to start working at Melbourne Flight Training so thank you Derek he hired me and I was able to start racking up my hours I became a much better pilot in this process and I was able to obviously gain my hours towards going to the airlines with which going part 61 I needed 1,500 hours um so you know at this point when I got my commercial I'm at 340 hours so you know a lot of you know 1,200 hours you know left to build um so I did pretty much all of that as a flight instructor so after my CFI I did my commercial multi-engine add-on so now basically that would allow me to get paid to go fly multi-engine airplanes and it's just you know obviously you need that rating because most jobs are going to be in multi-engine planes and the airlines require you to have that and time in multi-engine Planes so really fun rating just you know learning about multi-engine aerodynamics and just learning how to fly a newer bigger faster plane play is always very exciting so I did that 4 4 2020 very soon after my CFI so I just kind of knocked that out as fast as I could then once I finished that moving on into the new book uh I did my CFI so basically became a instrument instructor I was able to teach people you know instrument flying rather than just private and Commercial which keeps it interesting I would suggest doing this as well um it just makes Life as a flight instructor if you're going to do all of your time building as a flight instructor it makes it a little bit easier because you're not teaching the same Maneuvers and the same things over and over again you're getting a little bit of variety in your students um so I did this on 727 2020 so a few months later did my double eye and then last but not least or actually not last second to last did my Mei so I was able to teach in the multi-engine airplane getting people there commercial you know multi add-on or their Mei um so I did this a little bit later on 2021 319 2021 took a few months was obviously flight instructing making some money and then I did my Mei and then once I got all my hours the last thing you're really going to get is your ATP your airline transport pilot certificate um this I obviously need, 1500 hours and I basically went and did it with the first airline that hired me so that's usually what's going to happen is a regional possibly a lowcost carrier they're going to hire you and then put you through training and get you your ATP so long story short there's a lot of tests there's a lot of studying there's a lot of flying a lot of time building but it does go pretty fast that whole process you know starting in November of 2018 and then finishing February of 2022 so it's really not that long of a process and like I said I went at my own pace I went a lot slower than a lot of other people have gone but yeah that is the typical progression of things you get your private then you do your instrument then commercial you do your commercial multi-engine add-on become a CFI a double ey an Mei and then you get enough time and you go to the airlines obviously you don't need to do any of the flight instructing things you could just get your commercial and then man you can find other jobs you can do Banner Towing you can uh fly skydivers if you know somebody who owns you know a plane that wants you to fly it then boom and if if it's a jet they get you typ rated and you can start flying you know corporate um that's a really good gig too that's you know probably better experience honestly honestly looking back that'll get you more ready for the airlines if that is your goal because that's kind of flying you're going to do as a flight instructor you become really good at flying the cesna 172 or whatever you're flying and you learn a lot about aerodynamics and you learn how to teach people and how to adapt to different learning styles and I really wouldn't change it but if you go fly a jet that's what you're going to be do in an airline so that experience actually carries over a lot better but that's it really um in terms of cost it cost me around $65,000 I'd say you're probably going to spend nowadays anywhere from like 80 to$ 120,000 but with that said a lot of these Airlines first year now is 100,000 and some of them are doing signing bonuses I'm not sure actually now a lot of those have halted since the shortage isn't you know in in effect anymore really a lot of airlines have slowed hiring so maybe the uh the signing bonuses will come back in a year or two but it doesn't take that long it's not that hard it is going to require a lot of time and studying but it's fun you're learning about flying an airplane you're going up and flying an airplane it really it really was a good experience um when it comes to making money early on as a flight instructor you really don't make a lot of money uh I was probably making3 to $40,000 a year for the year and a half that I was a flight instructor but then once you get over that you get to the airlines you're making 100 Grand a year you can pay off those loans pretty quick if you did get a loan or if you had enough money and saved up then even better and you're you're Off to the Races once you get to the airline so yeah I never really talked about it never talked about like the full breakdown of um how I got to the airline but that was it I pretty much started right after college I didn't know what I wanted to do applied to a few different places wasn't really excited and then I was like you know what let me try this whole airline pilot thing I went did a discovery flight which I can offer you guys as I talked about and I fell in love right there started training and never stopped pretty much did each test each rating one after the other until I made it to the Airlines and then and now I've been in the airlines almost 3 years the life in the airlines is pretty good my quality life is great if you follow this channel you can see that I I sit Reserve most of the time I don't fly all that much I love my life I live here in Tampa I fly the Airbus um a little different a little different than the other videos but I hope you guys enjoyed the video if you have any other questions definitely put them below before you do that though I'm sure people are going to ask about ATP Embry Riddle I don't know I I don't I I didn't obviously go to those schools I've heard you know from friends that did go there that was a pretty good experience but my experience was at Melbourne Flight Training and that's the only thing I could really talk about and I work with them now and I can get you guys free Discovery flight so that's the only one that I can really really recommend since I did everything start to finish there so like I said Link in the bio hit them up tell them I sent you and you get a free intro flight to their career airline pilot program other than that thank you so much for watching nice quick video just wanted to break that down real quick and I will see you guys on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @eherr8835 [2 likes]: I live in Melbourne and I’m looking to join Melbourne flight training school
  2. @Reggie1991Rkm [1 likes]: What age were you when you started training to become a pilot?im 34 and just wanted some feedback on starting at that age
  3. @cando18 [1 likes]: I take my first ride hopefully this Thursday to Friday. Gonna be a long process but super excited to start this process. Gotta pay off some of these bills while working my real job but gonna chase the dream
  4. @g..3095: how often are you home for family life?
  5. @riddickfisher2311: I’m located in Tampa and currently a senior in high school and looking at fight schools, and looking to move to go at Jaxaero, thoughts?
  6. @jeanserrano2395: I want to start flight school next august, watching this is just fuel for the fire 💪🏽
  7. @DevinVasquez: I’m out in southwest cali, riverside county to be exact. Seems like everything here is really expensive. Can someone kind of narrow down what I need exactly to becoming an airline pilot? Ppl is first I’m guessing? What’s next?
  8. @GrahamaGD: Ur my idol bro
  9. @Garrettliftss: what's your opinion of doing flight school through college. For my case I'm going to community college and I want to do my flight school while I'm doing that.
  10. @NoahdaMon125: Do you recommend getting a BA since the requirement was dropped? (If the goal is airlines/legacy)
  11. @danmills2932: Thank you for the informative video! What was your educational background before starting flight training? Do you have a bachelor's degree in a particular field? Thanks
  12. @music_city_mav: I just finished my Instrument training and checkride. Starting Commercial on monday; not looking forward to going back into VFR world.
  13. @thabondou320: any flight school in Rheinland Pflaz germany??
  14. @FolamiAdenike: Hi joey you are my role model
  15. @jonathanordonez3869: Did you work while you were doing your flight school at your own pace? If so how much did you work?
  16. @lukekellerman9872: Thank you for this, going for my introductory flight on sunday 😊 so excited
  17. @rebeccasObadiah: Fantastic 😊
  18. @Thefatlegend48: How did you have to pay it off
  19. @Ben.Evans1994: Thank you.
  20. @Ghosst1999: Thats a nice video, I wanna become a Pilot and make my ATPL too. I also really wanna do that in the USA for example Florida like you do but I am german so staying after my OPT as an CFI
will be hard for me.

- How To Become a Pilot (Step-By-Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en career if you want to get paid to fly you will need at least a second class medical certificate and if you plan to become an airline pilot you will need a first class medical I recommend that you get one of those prior to starting Flight Training to prevent any surprises down the line most people pass the medical exam without an issue but some medical conditions can prevent you from becoming a pilot one of the most common concern is color vision deficiency now Color Blind Pilots can still fly but they're usually restricted to Flying recreationally and only during the day so if you want to make a career out of flying you will need to pass a color vision test if you're concerned about color blindness or other health conditions we've linked additional information in the description below your Amame also can address some of the concerns you may have we've also added a link down here to help you find an am near you okay so you meet the medical requirements what's next well you need to choose a flight school this is one of the most important decision you will make in your flying career if you make the wrong choice it could end your dream entirely here's what you need to know about selecting a flight school the first thing to consider is whether to go for a part 61 or part 141 flight school basically there are two types of flight schools and different rules apply to them in general part 61 schools offer more flexible training programs on the other hand part 141 schools are more rigid and structured you can get your license faster at a part 141 flight school but they are more expensive to learn more check out this video right here where I explain the difference in detail another consideration is the distance between your home and the flight school now keep in mind that your commute could add a significant amount of time to your training so plan accordingly next consider the type of airplane that the flight school operates the most important thing make sure that the airplanes are in good condition and wellmaintained newer aircraft are an advantage especially if they have glass cockpits but you don't need to fly the latest and greatest to get your license there's definitely a premium to newer aircraft step three after you choose a flight school you'll need to choose an instructor a lot of students don't even think about choosing a fight instructor this is a big mistake the wrong instructor can make or break your flight training experience here's how to make the right choice first make a list of the flight schools near you visit a few of them and then speak with the instructors are they professional enthusiastic welcoming that's a great sign a happy instructor is a good instructor or do the instructors look like they haven't slept in day and maybe wear a permanent frown well you might want to look elsewhere in this case now consider doing an intro flight at several flight schools this is the first flight you will have before officially beginning your training it usually consists of a scening route with an instructor and it's a great way to get a good sense of how flight school operates it's also a good idea to take multiple intro flights with several instructors at different flight schools before you make a choice also don't hesitate to request different instructors early on if you feel like they're not a good fit once you've chosen your flight school and instructor it's time to start Flight Training now this can be a little bit scary especially if you don't know what you expect now let's talk about the structure of a typical flight lesson first your instructor will give you an overview of the lesson it's very important that you prepare four lessons ahead of time then you'll both head out to the airplane what you do during the flight depends on the lesson but there is a general structure your instructor will typically demonstrate a procedure or maneuver then you will try to do it on your own now you'll continue doing that until they are happy with your performance now I expect a postflight briefing at the end of the lesson you're a new instructor will discuss your performance what you did well and also what needs Improvement this is also a good time to learn about your next flight now with each flight and ground lesson you get closer to earning your private pirate certificate the one that will allow you to fly with passengers without getting paid when your instructor is confident in your abilities they'll endorse you for for your first solo which is exactly what it sounds like you will be flying the airplane on your own for the first time very exciting after you start flying solo it's time to think about taking your knowledge test now this is the first official test that you will need to take so what does the test consist of well the Private Pilot Knowledge Test has 60 multiple choice questions you will have 2 hours to complete it and you need to score 70% or higher so here's what you should do to pass with flying colors the key is prepar ation don't expect to read just a few books and then go pass the test now luckily that's where we can help our Private Pilot Made Easy online Ground School is designed to help you pass the exam we're so confident that we'll even send you $175 and a full refund if you don't pass on the first try now click on the link in the description to learn more you're almost there after you've passed your Knowledge Test the only thing left is an in-person test with a designated pilot examiner or DPE DPE is an exper examiner approved by the FAA their job is to make sure that you are qualified proficient and a safe pilot this in-person test is also known as a practical test or more commonly a check ride the check ride has an oral and a flight portion the oral exam happens on the ground and consists of a conversation between you and the DPE they're going to evaluate your Aviation knowledge your flight planning and the decision- making skills it can range anywhere between an hour and a half to 3 hours now when your DPE is happy with your knowledge it's time to hop in the aircraft during the flight portion you will demonstrate various skills Maneuvers and that usually takes about an hour the DP wants to see you operate the aircraft safely and with Precision it will also test your decision-making abilities in the aircraft if the DP is happy with your skills you will become the country's newest pilot congratulations this is the first step on the way to becoming an airline pilot so how long does it take to get your private pirate certificate well if you're training full-time can be around 3 to 6 months you'll need a minimum of 40 hours of flight time but the average person takes about 70 to 80 hours it really depends on the weather the type of airspace that you learn in how consistently you fly and in many other factors okay so you're pilot but you can't get paid to fly just yet before you get your commercial pilot certificate you need to obtain flying experience and an instrument rating here's how an instrument rating allows you to fly an aircraft in limited visibility using only the instruments in the cockpit similar to the private pattern process you'll need to pass a written and a practical test good news if your current fly instructor can provide instrument training you can continue to fly with them the experience is pretty much the same as your Private Pilot training just more complex Concepts after you get your instrument rating you're almost there the bad news well now you need to get a commercial pirot certificate the good news the process is very similar to your Private Pilot certificate there's a knowledge test and a check ride that follows the same format we just discussed the biggest difference is the level of difficulty the commercial Knowledge Test covers much more than the private pirate test and the check ride is way more strict but what makes the commercial certificate especially difficult is how much experience you need for starters you'll need at least 250 hours of flight time now at a part 141 flight school you only need 190 hours but it still takes a significant amount of time and money to achieve once you pass the commercial check ride you can finally get paid to fly if you train full-time you can expect to obtain your commercial certificate in about 6 to 18 months keep in mind that this can vary depending on the weather and the flight scool now it's time to go straight to the airlines right well not exactly before you fly the big jets you need more hours under your belt that's why many commercial pilots become flying structures it's a fantastic way to quickly gain experience at this point you should also get your multi-engine tring this allows you to fly aircraft with more than one engine But ultimately you need an airline transport pilot certificate in order to fly for an airline and that requires 1,500 hours of flight time now many inspiring airline pilots gain those hours by instructing some Pilots also find other commercial flying jobs that don't require an ATP many do a bit of both once you've earned that ATP certificate your dream is finally Within Reach and now you can start to apply for Airline jobs it can take anywhere from 2 to 5 years in order to obtain that ATP certificate depending on the type of flying that you do now you may say what is this going to cost Well Medical certificate can cost anywhere between $75 to $200 depending on the type of certificate and also the doctor your Private Pilot certificate will average $ 15 to $20,000 this also varies significantly depending on the flight school type of aircraft the instructor or even the location the commercial pilot certificate is the most expensive expect around $55,000 this can even go into six figures depending on the flight school you should also consider the cost of obtaining your flight instructure certificate now this is not a requirement but it's one of the best way to gain experience before you go to the airlines a fly instructor rating will cost around $5,000 the good news is that once you are employed as a fly instructor or you can start to get paid to fly you flight school might even pay for additional upgrades to your instructor rating and finally your ATP certificate some Airlines might pay for your ATP but if you have to pay for it yourself it will cost around $5,000 now I know you're probably a little intimidated at this stage by all of this information but guess what hundreds of thousands of people just like you have become Pilots we even had an interview with one of our students who completed his Private Pilot certificate in 40 hours that's the least amount of time possible so if you want to get some inspiration and learn a few valuable tips check out this interview right here thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @PilotInstituteAirplanes [112 likes]: FREE 2-hour guide to becoming a pilot: https://bit.ly/ultimate-pilot-guide-cm10 🧑‍✈
  2. @usersleepingrightnow [11 likes]: Career so fire that you either fly high or fly high
  3. @usersleepingrightnow [2 likes]: Lowk jealous of mfking pigeons so I wanna learn aviation
  4. @Lucy_wiliams [1 likes]: I wear glasses with 8+ power for my hypermatropia. As a 15 years old girl, i hope i can be a pilot someday ❤
  5. @jayrlisondraimagery9878 [1 likes]: I'm 48 years old this year. Planning to change careers. Is it not too late for me to become a pilot? It's been my dream since I was little. I ended up an architect. And now working at the bank. But I felt something was missing. I'm not where I want to be with my dream job. Is there any advice? Thank you!
  6. @hasspass8751 [1 likes]: My dream job but it's unachievable because of the cost😢
  7. @mirageh264 [1 likes]: So between $80k and $130k USD in total. Good to know
  8. @Bombsaway1245 [1 likes]: Hi! I have red green color blindness but want to become an airline pilot! Will this affect me? I would hope not since it’s not a very serious color blindness
  9. @friendofvinnie [1 likes]: This is wild 😮
  10. @tylerdeoms5180: “Hey everyone — genuine question for the group. When you were building hours, how did you find other pilots to fly with and split costs? Did you use Facebook groups, word of mouth, your flight school, or something else?
  11. @Starprosidhanth: Thanks so much 🙏🙏😊😢 helped me ☺️
  12. @Sandwitch_yummy: May allah make me a pilot and a co pilot inshallah
  13. @FrancooMwash: Plane
  14. @helloiampato: I can't wait to start my journey!
  15. @victoria-r7w4o: Does the height matter ? 😭 im 157 cm
  16. @Yoissenjin.luvspeace: this may be a very childish question but can i become a pilot even tho im wearing glasses? (im 14 btw pls be nice)
  17. @Orlando-t6y: I didn’t realise it was THIS hard!
  18. @Difficultcat7000: I’m a future pilot.
  19. @NomanKhan-n1r5r: Soon i will be pilot for Emirates Airline
  20. @BismiullahSadat: I want to be pilot so what should I do please ❤

- BECOME an Airline Pilot in 2026 (Step by Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] are you interested in becoming a pilot either as a profession or as a hobby well thanks to a wave of baby boomer pilot retirements taking place over the next 10 years combined with a significant increase in Pilot wages since the pandemic there has literally never been a better time to become a professional Aviator and in today's video I'm going to show you a clear path to take you from zero all the way if you want to to earning a six-figure salary as a pilot and contrary to popular beliefs don't have to spend over 3 years making this transition combined with spending over $100,000 as a matter of fact at the very end of this video I'm going to break down my timeline and my cost and show you exactly how long it took and how much I spent hey there I'm Tren and I am the number one fastest pilot to go from Private Pilot to the right seat of a regional airline in just under 15 months and I'm the creator of something called The Accelerated flight training guide and you can learn more about that using a link in the description below the first step that you should take in your journey to to becoming a pilot is to get your medical certificate because if you cannot be medically fit to fly then you don't get to be a pilot you get one by visiting what's called an am an aviation medical examiner now there are three types of certificates class three is the what you need if you just want to fly for fun class two is what you need if you want to get paid to fly in any capacity and if you want to fly for the airlines you're going to need a class one medical certificate I strongly recommend that you don't spend a dime on flight training until you've got that medical certificate now most people do pass these certificates um but there are a few common reasons why you might not color blindness being among them and if you do suffer from that you'll only be able to get a Private Pilot certificate and fly during the day so if you want to find an AM you just visit the faa's website and you can find one near you and go and pay them visit [Applause] hey so once you've passed your medical certificate The Next Step you need to do is to select a flight school now when it comes to choosing flight schools there's kind of like two lanes on the highway there's something called part 61 and then there's something called part 141 and rather than make this video really long what I would encourage you to do is either Google or ask chat GPT for a detailed difference between the two my summary is this I believe strongly that a part 61 school which I attended will allow you to get your flight training done uh faster and for less money for a whole variety of reasons and when you do the Google search you'll start figuring out what some of those reasons are um the other things that are really important once you've decided if you're going to go part 61 or part 141 and for most people in most cases 61 will be faster the other things you need to consider are the location of your flight school as it pertains to weather now most people think about training near their house but many of my students didn't they relocated here to boisee because they wanted to get access to really great weather so they could fly a lot and that we talk about that in in other videos I've created about accelerated flight training which is basically just fly as often as possible so if you're going to start training look for a school that's in a very sunny location then look at their Fleet of aircraft you're ideally you want to have newer aircraft glass cockpits in them then you want to understand how those aircraft are maintained if they're relying on thirdparty maintenance providers that can really slow up your training you'll want to see if they have relationship with dpes so if you think like the school is like a beehive and the dpes are flying around the school they're like the bees buzzing around the school which makes them more available and you'll have uh less weights for check Ro rides and I have more videos and there'll be links down in the description to dive into some of those topics a little deeper and then the other thing I would consider is perhaps if you have the opportunity of getting your training from a flying Club at your local airport that might be also a viable option or you could also choose to train with an independent CFI all of my students obviously did that I was an independent CFI and there are some significant perks t typically those perks are it's going to cost you probably less you're going to be sharing the aircraft with probably fewer other people and you're going to see fewer flights cancelled because of Maintenance or other issues that are commonplace in a uh a traditional Flight School so once you have selected a flight school assuming you didn't go with the independent CFI route the next thing you need to do is choose the actual CFI or cfis that you want to train with once you've selected that flight school I encourage you to interview a number of their cfis depending upon the size of the school it might be all the cfis but obviously if it's a big school you're not going to interview all of them and then in addition to that you might also drop into your local airport and just ask around to see to as another method of finding a CFI and then once you've got your short list of cfis a couple of ways of vetting them vetting them to see if they're going to be a good fit for you is number one as I would do a discovery flight with two or three of them at least just to see kind of how you're interacting in the cockpit with them then I would ask them to explain to you their teaching process and to show you a copy of their syllabus if they don't have a written syllabus to share with you in my opinion that's a huge red flag and you should on and select a different CFI so once you've selected your CFI and you're up there in the sky flying around and spending a ton of money uh the next thing I would really encourage you to do is set up a home simulator you using Microsoft flight simulator so Microsoft flight simulator is an extremely powerful training aid and the beauty of it is it allows you to conduct endless amounts of practice without spending any extra money now it has also a number of built-in training modules and it can be played on something as simple as a laptop or you can get Super Deluxe and spend all sorts of money but you don't really need to do that to get the training value out of it and then in terms of devices really all you need at a bare minimum is a joystick with a built-in throttle and probably you'll twist it left and right to control the rudder pedals because you're not going to be using the rudder pedals for really much more than just taxing around on the ground I recommended all of my students do this I used Microsoft flight simulator extensively during my training and you will save a ton of money because of using this that you would normally otherwise spend being out in the airplane with your instructor at your side so definitely do not skip this step and I will place a link below to a resource page that I have on my website where I list and all the flight controls that I recommend that you uh select for your home simulator setup so at some point during your flight training or even before your flight training you're going to need to know knock out your FAA Knowledge Test so the Knowledge Test is a 60 question long multiple choice test you're given 2 hours and you have to get 70% or more to pass so when you're starting off the journey the Knowledge Test is is quite challenging because you're starting from a base of zero knowledge so the key is to be very very well prepared and to help you get prepared I recommend that you sign yourself up for an online ground school there are many to choose from but the one that I've always recommended to my students is gold seal and you can find a link to sign up for that in the description below or by visiting my website fly with Trent in addition to the links to Ground School you will also find links to other videos where I explain my personal study plan that worked remarkably well for me during my time in Flight School so for every rating that you're working on once you have knocked out the required flying hours you are going to be ready for what we call the check ride which is essentially the final exam the check ride is broken down into two components there's generally an oral exam which can be anywhere from 1 to four or 5 hours long and that is typically followed by a practical test in other words the flight test portion of the oral exam where you'll be up there performing the maneuver in the aircraft with the examiner at your side now these examiners are called dpes designated pilot examiner and they are absolutely the judge and jury of whether or not you are going to pass so it is absolutely critical that number one you are very well prepared and number two you do whatever you can to generate as much rapport with that DPE as possible from the very second that you meet them now with respect to getting very prepared the FAA produces something called the ACs it stands for Airman certification standards and it is absolutely a critical study preparation tool because it shows you table bytable exactly the knowledge that you need to understand and that's only the knowledge that the DPE can ask you about and I have other videos again links will be down in the description on how to prepare for your check ride for most people obtaining their private Pilots license is probably going to be somewhere between 3 and 6 months and 60 or 70 hours of flight time and the reason that it takes that long is that most people don't train on a full-time basis I strongly encourage especially if your goal is the Airlines and you're starting a little later in life and you are able to swing it in your life that you train on a full-time basis if you do that you could probably earn your private Pilots license if you're in a sunny climate with ready access aircraft and an instructor that will fly with you 5 days a week you could probably earn it in 4 to 6 weeks instead of 4 to 6 months and that's going to save you quite a bit of money so once you've earned your Private Pilot certificate you can take your friends flying but you can't get paid to fly just yet in order to be able to be paid to fly you need a commercial pilot certificate and the first step of getting that is obtaining your instrument rating and instrument rating is the thing that allows you to fly the aircraft solely by reference to the instruments so in other words you're able to fly in the clouds overall it's going to make you a much safer pilot and as I mentioned it is absolutely required to get your commercial pilot rating to get your instrument rating are required flying hours it's about 20 hours training with an instructor about another 20 well it's 40 hours training with an instructor about 20 of which can be done in the real airplane and the other 20 can be done in a simulator an approved simulator which I highly recommend that you do because you will save money doing that and then you also have to fly around another 50 hours solo as pilot in command to knock out those required hours once the required hours are done much like the Private Pilot exam there is a written test and there is also the check ride which pretty much follows the same procedure as it did for your Private Pilot certificate now I do have another video and you'll find that with a link in the description to a video that is dedicated to getting your instrument rating in as little time as possible so after you've earned your instrument rating it's time to go on and earn your commercial pilot's license so you can stop spending money on flying and start getting paid to fly so for the commercial pilot's license depending upon the type of school you went to you're going to need either 250 hours if you attended a part 61 school or 190 hours if you attended a part 141 school and much like the other ratings after the required flying is done you're going to have to pass a written test you're going to have to pass your check ride now the average time frame for people to get a commercial pilot's license is somewhere between 6 and 18 months I was able to do it in just 3 months again because I trained on a very full-time basis versus the more casual Pace that a lot of people take the location of your flight school and the weather that you're going to be flying in is going to play a very large role in how long it takes you to get this particular rating so again if you have a shorter time frame I would encourage you to relocate to a school that is in a Sun Belt and then once you've got your commercial pilot license um you can get paid to fly but it's not as though you're able to get hired by the airlines yet and that is because in order to be hired by an airline you need to have an ATP and to get an ATP you need to have 1,500 hours of of flying so how do you bridge that Gap well most people self-included choose to become a certified flight instructor now if you can go two paths you can go and work for a school where you don't get paid very much at all and you're going to have them control your schedule or you can work as an independent CFI like I did and in my case I earned over $100,000 in the 12 months that I did it and I was able to uh organize my own schedule and pack it with students so that I was in the air literally 7 to 8 hours every single day 5 days a week and so if you take that approach you can get there a lot quicker than the conventional thinking would have you believe so most Pilots uh do gain these hours by being a CFI but if you don't want to be a CFI because not everybody loves teaching you could go and be a survey pilot that's another probably the next most common path and I do have a link down in the description to a video about how to become a survey pilot so for most people getting through to the 1500 hour mark starting at zero is somewhere going to be between two and four years I would say maybe probably more like three to four I was able to do it in 15 months plus four months of just waiting to get my jet training class because at the beginning of that is they put us through ATP school which is about a week of training and then the exam so you definitely can go faster if you do it the way way that I did it so in terms of cost to get all this stuff done your medical certificate is going to run you about $150 your private pilot's license is going to be somewhere between about 12 and $118,000 your commercial pilot's license is going to be some somewhere between 50 $100,000 your CFI uh so that you can get paid to fly when you're still a low time pilot is going to run you about $5,000 and your ATP will be about another $5,000 and less as as is my case your employer is paying for it so I do have a link down in the description to another video where I broke down all the costs that I personally spent spoiler alert I spent just under $50,000 but I already had a private pilot's license with 100 hours if I didn't have that my budget probably would have been about 65 to $668,000 so the message here is buyer beware the The Big Box flight schools like to charge premium prices and that's why I strongly encourage you to either look for a small flight school or a flying club or an independent flight instructor because you can save a substantial amount amount of money and also I would strongly encourage you to adopt an accelerated Flight Training uh method of going through your training in other words just fly as often as possible because the more often you fly the less you forget the less you forget the less you have to relearn in the cockpit and that all that relearning just drives your costs up all right well if you're still with me thank you for watching this far now before we finish up we're going to talk about some of the biggest mistakes that will slow you down cost you money and drive your frustration through the roof number one do not start training before you get your medical because you can't fly number two and this is a huge one and that is choosing the wrong flight school now in my accelerated flight training guide I teach you how to in detail how to pick the right School there'll be a link to that down in the description but in a nutshell like I mentioned before make sure they're in a sunny area make sure they've got modern planes make sure they have got um in-house maintenance make sure that they have dpes that are local and and readily available and there's a number of other details so make sure you don't pick the wrong school um I would encourage you that you may or may not be able to stay close to home so a lot of people they'll only pick the schools that are close to their house now if that's your like life circumstance well then there's not much you can do about it but I know in my case the vast majority of my students were career 2.0 pilots and they simply relocated here in their motor homes and they lived in boisey while they trained with me because we have really really sunny weather here and they wanted to fly all the time which leads me to the next mistake not flying often enough I talked about that earlier on if you're going at this at a slow pace you're going to end up taking a ridiculous amount of time you're going to forget a bunch of stuff in between your flights cuz there's too much time between your flights that's going to drive up your training costs because you're going to have to relearn a whole bunch of things on a regular basis so fly as often as possible the next big mistake is not following the Airman certification standards document that the FAA makes readily available to you when you're preparing for your oral exams again there will be links to videos in the description that talk about how I prepared for all of my oral exams after I failed my first one because I didn't know what the ACs was I never failed Another one not being well prepared in general is obviously a huge mistake so I don't want to labor the point on that one and then only flying with one CFI all cfis are different we all have different styles I think during my 91 day Sprint of flight school where I where I earned my seven different ratings I think I had six different cfis during that period of time and some of them were better than others but some of them were just different not necessarily better than others but I learned some valuable lessons from all of them all right so and here's some actions for you to take if you want to go further number one is I have what I call the propilot cheat sheet available again link down in the description um I would encourage you to download it that it's a free resource for you if you want to get my accelerated flight training guide that is a paid resource but it will help you immensely in choosing your flight school and a lot of the things it gives more detail on a lot of the things that talked about in this video and there will be a link down in the description to that and then finally if you want to see future videos like this one go ahead and click that like and or the button here on YouTube and become a subscriber and make sure you get notifications thank you very much for sticking around this far I hope you found this video helpful if you have questions comments or feedback for me please just leave it right down in the description below take care everybody bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @trent_dyrsmid [8 likes]: ✅ FREE DOWNLOAD: Get the Fast Track Training Blueprint 👉 https://flywithtrent.com/bpl
  2. @piperpilot44253 [1 likes]: I  am a 52 year old 1600 plus hour CFI and multi rated.   I have been putting resumes everywhere.  No luck yet.  Any ideas where to apply,  I am all ears.
  3. @tylerdeoms5180: “Hey everyone — genuine question for the group. When you were building hours, how did you find other pilots to fly with and split costs? Did you use Facebook groups, word of mouth, your flight school, or something else?
  4. @Mrscaptain28: Hi captain Keep waiting, I’m on my way to be the best😏😏,
  5. @TheAlchemistsModulusArchive: What if i am a veteran active duty?
  6. @TheBrainyCatClub: You have tips for finding a CFI? My local school is charging 25k for 70 hours
  7. @RoboticAcid: Bright green color blind, such bullshit. My dad was a fighter pilot then retired from United Airlines as a top international pilot flying 747-400s. Even though hes so near sighted that hes blind as a bat without glassed Told me at a young  age I'll never be a pilot even though im 20/20, just cant tell the difference between bright green and yellow. Dreams crushed.
  8. @aarondaniel5579: Im sorry happy I found this video, my biggest goal in life is to become either an air tanker pilot or air paramedic pilot.
  9. @shofarsogood7504: Color blind. While sad you saved me a ton of time and money. Thanks.
  10. @theccieguy: Wow, looking at the thumbnail, those 2 years aged him 20 years
  11. @BAWSS_Life: do you need a bachelor's degree to be hired with one of the major airlines?
  12. @ChaseRace-u8n: I'm a highschool students and thinking about going into aviation through college or university what do you suggest I do
  13. @adamgrock3479: Hey Trent! I’m 27 years old Career 2.0 guy myself. After losing a good friend unexpectedly, I’m reevaluating what I want to do in life, and I have always wanted to become a commercial pilot. 

I am located in the Boise area, and was wondering if I could pick your brain directly about what flight schools in the area I should be looking at/certified flight instructors who are structured and competent
  14. @Hsisines: I am a high school student and thinking about going into aviation for my future (through college) what would u suggest I do
  15. @SakshiLalka-l4f: What is your thoughts on buying an airplane with other aviator friend and do training in that plane instead of taking a big loan ?
  16. @akwakatsaka1826: Private pilot here, studying for CPL in Europe.I gotta say the system here is totally different. Heavily focused on the academic side. 700hrs mandatory ground school for ATP and 13 exams until you finally step in a cockpit.
  17. @xx_noobr8396: Hi Captain, I’m currently in Grade 10 and planning ahead. I’m considering finishing Grade 12 (possibly Commerce) and then training in Romania for an EASA commercial pilot license. From your experience, is Europe a good pathway for international students? What challenges should I prepare for early?
  18. @glendonwright1879: i am 16 years old and i want this to be my career path but i dont know where to start
  19. @TimothyGurry: I'm interested in becoming a pilot at a young age. Is there a way to contact you via email, as i do not have social media?
  20. @Hey.ItsRandee: Is it too late or to much with me turning 30 in July working as an armed security guard making $2,500 a month?

- Wish I knew this before starting flight training #2025: Kind: captions Language: en becoming a pilot is one of the most rewarding things you will ever do and it will open up a new world of wonderful experiences however everything wor doing has some challenges and I've heard from a few of my local students and from several of you through email that you might be struggling while there are no silver bullets here are six things I've learned that I believe would have made my journey less stressful hopefully they'll be helpful to you let me start with a question if you ask someone that knows you really well would they say you're good at planning there's a fair amount of research that shows that most people are not as good as they believe while occasionally things go as planned the majority of the time they don't this is why my wife rightfully teases me about always being home late from a lesson or a trip this happens because we don't know and we can't control all of the variables things like weather maintenance issues needing to work around other people's schedules they can all get in the way of completing things as planned because of that I've learned it is better to try and plan pessimistically and be pleasantly surprised can plan optimistically and be unpleasantly surprised here's a related question how long do you think it will take to earn your Private Pilot certificate the FAA requires 40 hours of preparation and many pilot candidates measure themselves against that 40-hour metric but 40 hours is the bare minimum in the USA the average time it takes for someone to complete their training is between 65 and 70 hours almost 2 times the FAA minimums the actual amount of time it will take will depend on a lot of factors including your ability to absorb information your ability to accept and act on feedback how frequently you can train the complexity of the airspace you're training in the complexity of your aircraft the experience of your instructor and much much more it took me 70 hours to prepare for my Private Pilot check ride and to be honest there were several times during that final 30 hours when I was unfairly questioning my abilities why was it taking me so long and you know what it wasn't helpful in fact I now know that worrying actually increased the time that it should have taken so the second thing I wish I knew is to spend less time worrying about how long training is taking and more time focusing on the journey Third you may have heard that Aviation cliche that it only takes two things to fly air speed and money well well it's meant as a joke but there's a heavy dose of reality behind it in fact Financial constraints are one of the most frequently mentioned reasons for not completing flight training but there are things that you can do about it first you realistic about how much it's going to cost the costs of Flight Training can vary significantly across the country so it might be hard to come up with an estimate most flight schools offer some kind of cost estimate and some are really good but others tend to lean towards the optimistic side if you're interested I've put a link in the comment section to a spreadsheet that can help you create a more realistic estimate second put together a plan about how you're going to come up with the money ask yourself the following questions and be honest with the answer answers first do you really have the money in the bank if not how much more do you need second are you eligible for Grants and scholarships can you work full or part-time while training are there other expenses that you're willing and able to drop in order to fly and finally do you have family willing to help third have a significant amount of the estimated money available before you begin training the amount you should have on hand depends on your current situation the slower you're able to accumulate money the more you should put away before starting why well because running out of money sucks it never happens at a good time it takes your focus off the training materials and it often stops your training cold and gaps in your training are not only frustrating they make your training take longer and therefore make it more expensive a couple of quick notes first there's a a lot of discussion on the web about the dangers or the benefits of taking out loans for Flight Training if you're considering this I would urge caution I've seen many instances where the loans worked well for candidates training to change careers in these cases the cost of the loan was an investment against future earning potential they carefully weighed the pros and cons and for them it made sense I've also seen individuals get themselves into trouble by borrowing money for recreational training or because they didn't carefully read or consider the terms therefore my recommendation would be to consider loans as a last option and suggest that you do your homework very carefully before finalizing any agreements to wrap up this item I want to point out one more thing and that is that having a plan doesn't guarantee you won't run out of money but it definitely lessens the likelihood fourth for me was the realization that I was really going to have to work hard for my certificates when I started out I had no idea how much I'd need to study and practice to become a pilot it was daunting to make things worse I realized that studying and practice wouldn't stop once I became a pilot regul ation change equipment changes and you don't always use all the skills regularly so to remain competent and safe you essentially need to rearn your certificate every 24 months because of this you need to get comfortable studying really dig in when there's something you don't understand consider it a puzzle and reward yourself when you figure it out you know once you get into the habit of studying it becomes a lot easier and at that point it even becomes enjoyable along the same lines was the realization that flight training is a bit art and a bit science and a bit Athletics you need to learn math physics Aviation law regulations geography meteorology and and risk management and then you need to blend them together to safely and professionally pilot an aircraft the variety of knowledge risk and skill elements required make Flight Training very challenging there are things you're going to pick up easily but there are other things that will be really hard and the reality is that there will be at least one time when you've had it and you're ready to quit I call this the pit of despair and if it happens to you remember two things first you're not alone it happens to a lot of pilot candidates it's happened to me more than once and chances are it's even happened to your instructor so don't be afraid to talk with others about it secondly you can get through it it may take additional work and maybe some extra help but if you persevere you will get through it and you will be very proud of yourself because you did finally taking a journey alone is usually not as fun as traveling with other others Flight Training is exactly the same surrounding yourself with like-minded individuals will not only make things easier but more enjoyable too joining an online group is a good start but there's nothing quite like a local in-person study group these folks can make studying easier and more fun give you a built-in group to bounce questions off of hold you accountable and challenge you to try harder and be better help you through the tough times like the pit of despair and last but not least they can and will celebrate with you during each Victory along the way so there you have it six things I wish I knew before I started Flight Training hopefully knowing them will help make your journey just a little bit more predictable and a little less stressful do you have others you'd like to add to the list if so please put them in the comments section if this was helpful please watch the next video and as always thank you for watching fly safely and I will see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelannear783 [3 likes]: I was trained as a military pilot in the South African Air Force from age 18 to 19 back in 1980/81. My goal was for the Air Force was to send me to university to study Aeronautical Engineering. I became a test pilot and served as a permanent force member for 6 years and another 4 years on the active reserve. To me flying became boring. Perhaps the South African Air Force didn't have challenging airplanes . I later studied Computer Science, which has always been mentally challenging.  Flying gets to be like driving a car.
  2. @MattBoone_ [3 likes]: I got a spine injury a month after getting my commercial rating. Now, i have to spend the rest of my life paying for something I'll never get to use. Aviation will forever be my biggest regret
  3. @Lenny-BB [2 likes]: Why I feel this video over complicate things, I understand it's not "easy" but can anyone tell me what career is easy? It's a matter of understanding that flying might sound fun but at the end of the day it's a career that takes dedication and that's it, there are bad and good days
  4. @rhone733 [2 likes]: I've had many pits of despair during my PPL training.  The FAA denied my medical for three years so I couldn't solo when I was ready.  Once I did solo, I was so shaken by the experience that I almost didn't fly again (but I did).  I've gone through three CFI's already.  But I nailed the written and I have my check ride coming up.  I'm so excited to get this done.
  5. @PJonsson [1 likes]: I started my flight training in 2000 and I'm not done yet... ;-)  First, I didn't have money, then I didn't have time. Now I might finally have both.
  6. @davida.4933 [1 likes]: Learn in ultralights and then get  training and a sport plane license...I don't know why this route to quickly getting experience and competence and license to fly.is not recommended more often.  Flight schools typically start you out in a Cessna 172, much more complex, expensive and frankly much less fun. With a sport license you can do a lot and the planes are less expensive & capable of flying you around the world. That said, I would highly recommend video courses and learning vs. classroom instruction.
  7. @aux-box [1 likes]: Hands down one of the best and honest videos about flight training!
  8. @nicholasstone3340 [1 likes]: Just began putting my package to commission into the Air Force as a pilot. Start working towards my private pilots license next month. Good luck to everyone following their own or a similar path!
  9. @BlackMamba-ec4dn [1 likes]: If you’re serious about flying, apply to one of the military academy’s and major in Aerospace. The government will pay for your degree and flight training, and when you leave service you’ll be better prepared to succeed in the private or commercial industry. 

I’m not saying it’s the only way, but you’ll be a much more disciplined, confident aviator.
  10. @Izzerz [1 likes]: serious question do you think its easier to train today rather than 10-20 years ago especially with ultra realistic sims like xplane 12 and msfs 2024? I want to hear your thoughts.
  11. @blaster-zy7xx [1 likes]: I wanted to get my PPL my whole life. My Dad was an Airforce pilot.  I was civilian and would have to do it with my own money. In my early 40s I finally had the money and time to do it. I had over $10,000 in the bank and set my life up like it was a scheduled college course. I was flying at least once a week until solo, then at least twice a week. I also had a good friend who was a CFII (not my instructor) who helped keep me going and clued me in that the best way to do it is quickly and consistently.  Large time breaks between lessons will make your progress go backwards. Earning my PPL was one of the best things I did in my life.  Yes it was expensive, but worth it.
  12. @dwightbernheimer331 [1 likes]: 99% of the time it takes Much longer to obtain your license than the experts tell you...😊😊😊😊😊😊
  13. @DeereX748 [1 likes]: The cost of learning to fly is small when you consider the cost of flying enough once you have your license to be competent and stay that way. Flying is a perishable skill, more than just continued studying and learning new regulations. There is plane rental and fuel cost and insurance, which you have to have money for every time you leave the ground. If all you can afford is once around the pattern every few months, quit while you're ahead because you'll never have the muscle memory or reflex knowledge to be competent and safe. You have to weigh those costs against what you have to have to live, and if you have a family, what you have to have to furnish them with their necessities and still have enough to fly. If you can figure out a way to make money while you fly, then do it. Go ahead and commit the training money to not only get your private license, but get the additional requirements to become an instructor. You build time and skill of your own experience and ability while you get paid to do it while teaching others.
  14. @jb-qi8fz [1 likes]: I started in 1963. J-3 Cub, fuel, and instructor= $7.50/hr.
  15. @RJA5293 [1 likes]: Got  my private in 94 , I rented time in a trainer . My dad had his plane(68 Cherokee 180)He was the second owner and did a major on it in 1975. It had 632 hours since major in 2014. Sadly , I never trained in his plane. Dad passed in 2014 , but I never flew with my dad since we worked together in our 90 year old family business ( 6 days a week plus living next door to him was enough "DAD" and I'm sure he felt the same about me).  His plane was beautiful . Although I went back for fun to ground school I never really felt comfortable with his plane, I didn't want to break it. Even my instructor said several times how I would not take command of the plane.  In 2024, the airport  (05c) had a row of hangers burn.  My hanger was next to burn but unfortunately it didn't . It would have been easier if it had burned .  Running a family business and having a family left little time for a safe flight in the evening ( too darn tired) and a safe pilot is NOT a TIRED pilot , so the plane spent more time in the hangar than in the air.  I do regret selling that plane but yearly  annuals and updates are costly . I STILL attend all the safety meetings at 05C and still want to get back in the air, just not enough hours in the day. SO, to all those would be  future GA pilots, just know, life tends to get in the way for pilots . And while training you will meet some instructors that think that they themselves are "ALL THAT" and a bag a chips. You might have several different instructors. Don't be afraid to "FIRE"  an instructor ( you'll get to know when their jacking you around) . Older instructors tend to be better. Be SAFE , know your plane , know your limits, and fly right seat with older pilots when ever you can. GO HAVE FUN.
  16. @jeffreyharrison645 [1 likes]: Does it help if you own your own plane before starting flight training?
  17. @mitseraffej5812 [1 likes]: Nearing retirement from a career as a pilot, about half in GA and half in the airlines. I doubt I will miss the job one iota when I quit, the airline flying in particular. The job is mind numbingly boring, and as technology advances it will become even more boring. Someone starting in the airlines today could well expect throughout their career they will not experience anything  even remotely challenging, outside of the simulator that is.
The modern jet airliner is so very reliable and easy to operate.
  18. @thomasryan2679: I got a DWI while in the military. This was my only offense ever, but may restrict an aviation career.
  19. @aliciagiangiacomo9415: I can’t find your comment containing the link :(
  20. @alfordashley794: Don’t hire an instructor, make shure you go to a reputable flight school. I have 63 hrs. And the instructor’s were in it mostly for the money . It’s a game only the rich can afford.

- Air Force helicopter pilots embrace cutting-edge extended reality training: Kind: captions Language: en training the word alone can send even the most enthusiastic of professionals running for cover but not all training involves a beige conference room and a spread of stale donuts for some soon to be pilots in the US Air Force the next evolution of training looks like something straight out of Ready Player one so up is left down is right it's the kind of setup that would also look right at home in a dve and Busters this is nuts for Airmen training to become the Air Force's next generation of helicopter Pilots this augmented reality is the new reality of pilot training so it's modeled off the t1h huy helicopter um and it uses basically a combined virtual and mixed reality environment where students are able to train and actually flip switches and see their hands the system has been in use by the Air Force for a few years now and the people involved say the benefits abound it best replicates the actual operational environment and allows us to provide essentially on the job training we use it in all types of uh profiles be it emergency procedures training instrument training and then uh eventually what we're trying to do is get it where we'll have multiple devices that can be paired together they can fly formation in the mission environment maybe the most obvious Advantage it's a a more cost-effective way to get prospective Pilots into a seat for Meaningful Hands-On training if you think about the normal simulators um big Level D motion simulators you know those cost a lot of money for the Air Force if we can have something you can see it's a very small footprint uh we can put it in in a student room and students are able to use it and have easy access to it uh that's a big word for the air force that training is also helping graduate student Pilots at a faster rate the first class to put this technology to use graduated a full six weeks ahead of schedule you know one of the truly great things about this multipled mixed reality trainer is the fact that it combines tactile field with virtual reality I have my cyclic I have my Collective I have my tail rotor pedals and then when I put on my goggles I'm fully immersed in a both mixed and virtual reality ahead of me I can see what appears to be the Airfield but I also have all of my equip right here at my side and if I wanted to I could take off the uh headmount of displays hmds uh have video pass through with 4K cameras that and we can distinguish what pixels are looking at the physical environment what pixel should be fired as a virtual reality and that allows us to seamlessly mesh the physical environment physical hand switches with a virtual reality out the window view in 2021 the Air Force overhauled its helicopter training program since the early 1990s helicopter Pilots had to complete fixed Wing training before moving on to helicopter training that old requirement is now no longer in place and the reason behind that is you're focusing on core acces of being a helicopter pilot I don't need to teach a helicopter pilot how to go upside down or do anything like that fortunately you know that would be very bad if he did so by teaching them how to hover and the operation of flying a helicopter early on that saves us lots of time which translates to money overall so we've really uh revitalized our pipeline it's a change at least in part the Air Force hopes will lure more perspective Pilots to sign on the dotted line a recent report in the San Antonio Express News detailed the Branch's shortfall of 2,000 Pilots it's a problem that's pushing Air Force leaders to get approval for five and six figure retention bonuses well that's not something immediately available the opportunity to train with the latest technology is I think this approach is really going to revolutionize Aviation training in general once we can get to the level where we can get FAA certification it will create the ability where now Pilots don't have to travel to a centralized training facility we can because they're lightweight low cost we can put this locally and so Pilots can get their check rides and simulators in their own neighborhoods spend more time generating Revenue flights and so we're going to see greater access to training makes better Pilots the technology behind the mixed reality trainer really is something to behold when I had the chance to experience it at the afa's airspace cyber 2023 conference it felt so real I actually got a little nauseous and had to go outside for some fresh air so while I have all the respect in the world for our USAF Hilo Pilots it's a safe bet to say that I will never be one of them [Music]

- Single Father Risks Everything to Save Pilot — The Truth Left Him Speechless: Kind: captions Language: en The wind didn't just howl that afternoon. It screamed like something alive, tearing across the open fields outside town, bending trees until they looked like they were begging for mercy. The sky was a violent shade of gray. Clouds twisting over the farmland like smoke from a distant fire. And in the middle of that chaos, a small aircraft spiraled downward, its engine coughing in desperate protest before disappearing behind a ridge near the old airrip. That was the moment Rowan Hail realized this wasn't just another storm. It was the kind that changed lives forever. If you believe in kindness, second chances, and the quiet power of doing the right thing even when no one is watching, take a moment right now to like, comment, share, and subscribe to the channel Beyond Space Stories. Your support helps stories like this travel further than the storm ever could. Rowan had always hated storms, not because of the noise or the rain, but because the last one had taken his wife three years earlier in a car accident on a flooded highway. Since then, every rumble of thunder felt like a reminder that life could be ripped apart without warning. Now, he lived in a small farmhouse on the outskirts of town with his 8-year-old son, Saurin, doing his best to be both father and mother in a world that felt too big and too unpredictable. That afternoon, Rowan had just finished securing the shutters when he heard the distant, unnatural roar of an engine struggling overhead. He stepped out onto the porch despite the rain slicing against his face, scanning the sky. Through the shifting clouds, he spotted it a single engine plane flying far too low, wobbling dangerously as lightning cracked somewhere behind it. His heart clenched. The old emergency landing strip half a mile away hadn't been properly maintained in years. If that pilot was aiming for it, they were in trouble. He didn't think. He ran. Rowan jumped into his aging pickup truck. Tires skidding in mud as he drove toward the ridge. The storm swallowed the road ahead, visibility nearly gone, but he knew every curve and dip like the lines on his own hands. As he crested the hill near the airrip, he saw it. White fuselage tilted awkwardly in the tall grass. One wing scraped and bent, nose buried slightly in soft earth. Smoke rose faintly from the engine. For a split second, fear froze him. He had Saurin at home. He had responsibilities, but then he remembered something his wife once said. "We don't walk away from people who need us." Rowan grabbed a blanket and a first aid kit from the truck and sprinted toward the plane. The cockpit door was jammed. Rain soaked him to the bone as he pulled metal creaking under the strain. Inside, a woman was slumped forward in the pilot seat, blood trickling from a cut near her temple. She was conscious but disoriented. One hand weakly trying to unbuckle herself. Her dark hair clung to her face and her uniform navy jacket with silver insignia was torn at the sleeve. Rowan forced the door open with a grunt and reached in. He helped her unfassen the harness, careful not to move her too quickly. The smell of fuel lingered in the air, sharp and dangerous. "We need to move," he urged softly, though she could barely focus on him. Together, stumbling through wind and rain, he supported her weight and led her away from the aircraft. Each step felt like a battle against the storm itself. They reached the truck just as thunder exploded overhead. Rowan wrapped the blanket around her shoulders and checked her pulse. It was steady but weak. He drove back home slowly, hazard lights blinking, heart pounding the entire way. Saurin was waiting by the window when the truck pulled in, eyes wide with worry. The boy rushed to open the door but stopped when he saw the injured stranger leaning against his father. Rowan reassured him with a nod. They brought the woman inside, laying her gently on the couch near the fireplace. Rowan cleaned her wound and applied pressure until the bleeding slowed. He called the nearest hospital, but the storm had knocked out several lines and emergency crews were overwhelmed. It would take hours before anyone could reach them. So, he did what he could. He brewed warm tea, kept her conscious, monitored her breathing. Saurin hovered nearby, fetching towels and whispering small, encouraging words as if he instinctively understood the importance of compassion. By nightfall, the storm began to ease. The woman's eyes fluttered open more. Fully confusion gradually replaced by awareness. She studied Rowan with a gaze that seemed sharper than her injured state suggested. There was something about her presence, calm, disciplined, observant that hinted at strength beneath the vulnerability. Her name she eventually managed to share was Captain Ara Vance. Rowan didn't recognize it. To him, she was simply someone who needed help. Over the next 2 days, Ara remained at the farmhouse while authorities assessed the damage to her plane. The injury turned out to be minor, a concussion, and a few bruised ribs, but enough to ground her temporarily. Rowan insisted she stay until travel arrangements were sorted. During that time, something quiet and unexpected unfolded. Ara noticed the cracks in the house walls, the patched roof, the stack of unpaid bills half hidden beneath a cookbook on the counter. She saw the way Rowan winced slightly when lifting heavy objects, a lingering injury from working double shifts at the local mill. She observed how Saurin watched his father constantly, as if afraid he might disappear, too. Rowan in turn learned that Elara wasn't just any pilot. She carried herself with a weight of responsibility far beyond commercial aviation. Her phone once the signal returned, buzzed with calls, she silenced quickly. Official sounding messages flashed across the screen before she locked it. On the third morning, a black SUV pulled up outside the farmhouse. Rowan stepped onto the porch, heart tightening again, though the sky was finally bright and blue. Two sharply dressed individuals exited the vehicle, scanning the property before approaching. Their demeanor was polite but unmistakably authoritative. That was when the truth unraveled. Captain Elara Vance was not merely a pilot. She was a senior flight commander for a confidential Federal Aviation Security Division operating under the Pachin under the authority of the Federal Aviation Administration in coordination with the United States Department of Defense. The plane she had been flying carried advanced navigational technology being tested for National Emergency Response Systems. Her identity had been kept deliberately low profile for security reasons. Rowan felt his stomach drop. He had dragged a high-ranking federal officer out of a crashed aircraft in the middle of a storm without knowing the magnitude of what was at stake. But Aara looked at him not with distance, but gratitude. She explained that if the plane had ignited or the equipment been destroyed, it would have set back years of research aimed at improving disaster evacuation routes. Rowan's quick action had prevented that loss. Still, he brushed it off. Anyone would have done the same, he insisted, but not everyone had. The storm had grounded nearby emergency services. Some drivers had seen the plane descending, yet turned away for their own safety. Rowan had run toward danger. The officials offered compensation for damages to his truck and property. Rowan hesitated, pride, battling necessity. Eventually, he accepted only what was required to cover immediate repairs. Elara stayed one final evening before being escorted back to the city. That night, she sat at the kitchen table with Rowan and Saurin. The golden sunlight of late afternoon pouring through the windows. She asked Saurin about his dreams. The boy shily admitted he wanted to design machines that could help people survive storms. Aar's eyes softened. She told him the world needed builders more than ever. When she left the next morning, Rowan assumed the chapter of his life was closed. Weeks passed. The mill announced sudden layoffs due to structural damage from the storm. Rowan's name was on the list. Just like that, his fragile financial balance collapsed. Bills mounted. He considered selling the farmhouse the last place filled with memories of his wife. Then an envelope arrived. Inside was an official letter offering Rowan a position as a field safety consultant for a rural aviation outreach program funded through federal partnerships. The salary was stable, the benefits substantial. The program aimed to identify and maintain emergency landing strips in remote areas, ensuring no pilot would ever face what had faced without support. Attached was a handwritten note. It wasn't charity, it read. It was an opportunity earned. Rowan stared at the words for a long time. The job allowed him to stay close to home while contributing to something bigger than himself. He accepted over the following months. Rowan helped restore neglected air strips across the region. He coordinated with engineers, local authorities, and emergency responders. His firsthand experience during the storm gave him credibility no training manual could replicate. Saurin watched his father transform not into someone new, but into someone rediscovering purpose. The heaviness in Rowan's shoulders began to lift. Laughter returned to the farmhouse. One crisp autumn afternoon, a helicopter landed near the newly restored ridge air strip. Ara stepped out, no longer injured, her uniform pristine beneath clear skies. She inspected the improvements Rowan had overseen, and nodded in approval. There was no dramatic embrace, no cinematic confession, just a quiet understanding between two people whose lives had intersected at exactly the right moment. Rowan realized something profound. Then the storm that once symbolized loss had become the catalyst for renewal. Helping a stranger hadn't erased his grief, but it had reshaped it into strength. Before this story ends, I want to ask you something special. Comment the word hope if you believe small acts of courage can ripple into extraordinary change. Years later, that airirst strip would be known as Hailfield. A modest tribute decided by a local council that learned the full story. Rowan never sought recognition. He simply continued showing up when needed. And Saurin, inspired by both his father and the woman who crashed into their lives, he pursued engineering with a focus on resilient infrastructure. He often said the storm gave him his direction. As for Ara, she remained a respected leader within federal aviation circles, but she carried with her a quiet reminder that titles and secrecy mean little without humanity. Sometimes the greatest transformations don't arrive with fanfare. They come disguised as chaos, demanding courage before offering clarity. If this story touched your heart even a little, please engage with the video, like it. Share it with someone who needs encouragement and let us know your thoughts. Your interaction keeps stories of compassion alive because somewhere right now another storm is forming and somewhere beneath it stands an ordinary person about to make an extraordinary choice and that choice might change Everything.

- IF THERE IS A PILOT ON BOARD... The Announcement That Changed Everything: Kind: captions Language: en She was just another passenger in seat 8A trying to sleep. Then the captain's voice shattered the silence. If there is a combat pilot on board, identify yourself immediately. 300 passengers froze because the woman in the green sweater wasn't who anyone thought she was. Before we begin this incredible story, comment below from where you are watching. Also, please like and subscribe for more stories like this one. Picture this. You are on a plane 35,000 ft above the Atlantic Ocean. The steady hum of the engines is the only sound you hear. The cabin lights are dim. Most passengers are sleeping, wearing neck pillows and eye masks. Others are quietly watching movies on the small screens in front of them. It is just another routine flight from New York to London. Nothing is unusual. There is absolutely nothing to worry about. Then suddenly the energy in the cabin changes. A voice crackles through the speakers overhead. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. The voice is not the cheerful, relaxed voice you usually hear giving weather updates. This voice is tight. It is shaky. It is the voice of a man who is terrified but trying to hide it. The captain continues. If there is a combat pilot on board, please identify yourself immediately. The cabin falls into a dead silence. Forks freeze midair. People look at each other with wide, confused eyes. A combat pilot on a commercial flight. What kind of emergency requires a soldier who knows how to fight in the sky? In seat 8A, a woman in a faded green sweater stirs from her sleep. She is completely unaware that her carefully hidden past is about to be exposed in front of 300 strangers. This is not fiction. This is the true story of Captain Mara Dalton and how one transatlantic flight turned into the most intense hours of her life. If you are watching this, make sure you stay until the end because what happens in this cockpit will leave you speechless. Her name was Mara Dalton, but nobody on that plane knew who she really was. To the businessman in seat 8B, she was just another tired passenger trying to get some rest. To the flight attendants, she was the quiet woman who politely declined the meal service and asked for just a cup of water and a blanket. To everyone else, she was invisible. And that is exactly how Mara wanted it. She had chosen the window seat on purpose. She had chosen the overnight flight on purpose. She had chosen anonymity on purpose. For the first time in months, she was not Captain Dalton. She was not a woman who had flown fighter jets in dangerous combat zones. She was not the decorated pilot with classified missions in her file. She was just Mara. She was exhausted. She was trying to sleep. She was trying to forget. The green sweater she wore still smelled like her mother's house. She had spent the last two weeks there trying to feel normal again. She was trying to convince herself that she had made the right choice by walking away from military service. She was trying to silence the nightmares that woke her up at 3:00 in the morning, drenched in cold sweat with the sound of alarms blaring in her ears. Mara pressed her forehead against the cool plastic of the window and watched the dark Atlantic Ocean below. Somewhere down there, massive cargo ships moved like tiny dots of light in the black water. Somewhere up here, she was supposed to find peace. Her eyes grew heavy. The drone of the engines became a lullabi. Finally, after weeks of insomnia and stress, sleep found her. She had no idea would not last long. It started 90 minutes into the flight. Mara was deep in sleep, the kind of dreamless rest her body desperately needed. But then something changed in the cabin. The energy shifted. People stopped talking. The steady hum of normal flight routine was interrupted by that crackle on the intercom. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We are experiencing a technical situation that requires immediate assistance. If there is anyone on board with combat pilot experience, please make yourself known to the flight crew immediately. Silence followed. Then came the whispers. Then came nervous laughter from a few passengers who thought it must be some kind of bad joke. But the faces of the flight attendants told a different story. They moved quickly through the aisles. Their trained smiles were gone, replaced with barely concealed worry. A woman in seat 12C grabbed her husband's arm tightly. Combat pilot. Why would they need a combat pilot on a commercial plane? The businessman in 8B stopped typing on his laptop. A teenager pulled out her earbuds. Parents held their children a little tighter and in seat 8A, Mara woke up. At first, she thought she was dreaming. The announcement echoed in her half-conscious mind like a memory from her old life. But then she opened her eyes and saw the flight attendant standing in the aisle. Her eyes were scanning the passengers with growing desperation. Mara felt her heart sink. She knew that look. She had seen it before on the faces of soldiers who needed help and did not know where to find it. The flight attendant moved closer, leaning down to speak to the elderly man in seat 8C. Sir, do you know if anyone in this section has military experience? The man shook his head, looking confused and scared. Mara closed her eyes again. This was not her problem. She had left that life behind. She had promised herself that she was done being the person everyone turned to in a crisis. She was done with the responsibility. She was done with the heavy weight of other people's lives on her shoulders. She could stay quiet. She could keep her head down. She could let someone else step up. But then she heard the flight attendant's voice again, this time closer. Ma'am. Mara opened her eyes. The flight attendant was looking directly at her. Something in the woman's expression made Mara's training kick in. Years of reading body language, of assessing threats, of making split-second decisions came rushing back. This was not a drill. This was real. Ma'am, the captain is asking if there is anyone on board with combat pilot experience. Do you know of anyone? Mara looked past the flight attendant and saw the faces of the other passengers. A mother holding a baby, an elderly couple clutching hands, a young man who looked like he was on his way to his first job interview in London. All of them were afraid. And in that moment, Mara realized something important. She could walk away from the military. She could change her clothes. She could hide her past and try to be normal. But she could not walk away from who she fundamentally was. She took a deep breath. "I am a pilot," she said quietly. The flight attendant leaned closer, not hearing her over the engine noise. "I'm sorry." Mara spoke louder this time, her voice carrying the authority she thought she had buried. "I am a combat pilot, United States Air Force. I flew F-16s. The cabin erupted in whispers. Heads turned. The businessman in 8b stared at her like she had just revealed she was a secret agent. The elderly man in 8C grabbed her arm and said, "Thank God." The flight attendant's face flooded with relief. Please come with me immediately. Mara unbuckled her seat belt and stood up. Every eye in that section of the plane watched her walk toward the front of the aircraft. her green sweater, her tired face. Her ordinary appearance suddenly seemed like a disguise that had been ripped away. She was not just Mara anymore. She was Captain Dalton, and she was about to find out why a transatlantic flight needed a combat pilot. The cockpit door opened, and Mara stepped into a world she thought she had left behind forever. The captain and first officer were both in their seats, but their body language screamed, "Trouble." The captain's knuckles were white as he gripped the controls. The first officer was pale, sweat beating on his forehead. The dashboard in front of them looked like a Christmas tree of warning lights, red, yellow, flashing, beeping. The captain glanced back at her, and Mara saw something in his eyes she recognized immediately. It was the look of someone who was out of their depth and knew it. "You are the combat pilot?" he asked. "Yes, sir." Captain Mara Dalton, US Air Force retired. She moved closer to get a better look at the instruments. What is the situation? The captain exhaled sharply. We have lost partial control of our flight systems. Autopilot failed 20 minutes ago. We are on manual control now, but that is not the worst part. He pointed a shaking finger to the radar screen. Mara felt her blood run cold. There was another aircraft on the screen. It was close. Too close. It was flying in formation with them in a way that no commercial pilot would ever attempt. How long has it been there? Mara asked. 15 minutes. It appeared out of nowhere. No transponder signal, no radio contact. It has been shadowing us, matching our speed and our altitude. Every time we try to change course, it adjusts with us. Mara studied the radar. The blip was positioned just off their right wing in what military pilots would call an aggressive intercept position. This was not some lost private plane. This was deliberate. Have you contacted air traffic control? She asked. Yes. They do not have it on their radar. They think it is a system malfunction on our end. The captain's voice cracked slightly, but I can see it. We can all see it. It is real. The first officer spoke up, his voice shaky. There is something else. Our navigation system started receiving coordinates we did not input. Someone is trying to override our flight path. Mara felt her training take over. That cold calm that came from years of dealing with crisis situations settled over her. Show me. The first officer pulled up the navigation display. Sure enough, there was a new flight path programmed into the system. It was a path that would take them far off their scheduled route over a remote section of the Atlantic where radar coverage was sparse. Who has access to override your systems remotely? Mara asked. No one should, the captain said. Our systems are supposed to be secure. Mara's mind raced through possibilities. Military aircraft, government agencies, or something worse. I need to see outside. she said. "Can you adjust the exterior cameras?" The captain nodded and switched on the camera feed. The screen flickered to life, showing the dark sky and the vast emptiness of the Atlantic below. And there, off the right wing, was the other aircraft. It was unlike anything Mara had seen in commercial aviation. It was sleek and dark with no visible markings or identification numbers. It was the kind of plane that was designed not to be seen, not to be tracked. "That is not a commercial aircraft," Mara said quietly. and it is definitely not friendly. The radio crackled to life with a burst of static. Then a voice came through. It was cold and distorted, speaking in English, but with an accent Mara could not quite place. Flight 417, you are off course. Adjust to the coordinates transmitted to your system. The captain looked at Mara in horror. They are communicating directly with us. Mara grabbed the radio microphone. Years of military protocol kicked in. This is a civilian aircraft on a scheduled transatlantic route. Identify yourself and state your intentions. There was a pause. Then the voice came back. Flight 417. Comply or face consequences. The unknown aircraft suddenly banked closer, cutting across their path in a maneuver that made the entire plane shutter. Gasps and screams echoed from the cabin behind them. "They are trying to force us off course," Mara said, her voice steady despite the adrenaline surging through her veins. "They want us to follow their flight path to that remote location. What do we do?" the first officer asked, his hands shaking on the controls. Mara looked at the instruments. She calculated distances, speeds, and options. In her mind, she was back in the cockpit of an F-16, facing down hostile aircraft over foreign territory. "The training never left you. The instincts never died. We do not comply," she said firmly. "And we do not let them intimidate us. Captain, do you have full manual control?" "Yes, but I am a commercial pilot. I do not know how to handle aggressive aircraft. I do. Mara said with your permission, I would like to take the co-pilot seat. The captain nodded immediately. Anything. Just help us. The first officer slid out of his chair, still pale and sweating. Mara took his place. Her hands found the controls like they were old friends. The yolk felt different from a fighter jet stick, but the principles were the same. Physics did not change just because you were flying a Boeing instead of an F16. She scanned the instruments again, noting their fuel levels, their altitude, their Okay, she said quietly. Here is what we are going to do. They expect us to panic. They expect us to either comply or try to run. We are going to do neither. What is the third option? The captain asked. Mara's jaw set in determination. We are going to outmaneuver them. What happened next would be talked about in aviation circles for years to come. Mara took control of the aircraft with a steady hand and a clear mind. The hostile plane continued to shadow them, occasionally making aggressive passes that sent passengers in the cabin into panic. But Mara had seen this tactic before. It was intimidation pure and simple. They are testing us. She explained to the captain, "Seeing how we react, "Every time we flinch, they get boulder." The radio crackled again. "Flight 417, you have one minute to comply. Just course now." Mara did not respond. Instead, she watched the radar, tracking the hostile aircraft's movements. It was flying in a predictable pattern. Aggressive passes followed by repositioning. Whoever was piloting it was skilled, but they were also following a playbook. And Mara knew that playbook. They are going to make another pass in about 30 seconds, she said. When they do, I am going to adjust our altitude and speed in a way they will not expect. Hold on. The captain gripped his armrest. This is a commercial aircraft with 300 passengers. We cannot do combat maneuvers. We are not doing combat maneuvers, Mara said calmly. We are doing evasive flying. There is a difference. Trust me. On the radar, the hostile aircraft began its approach. Mara watched it get closer and closer, waiting for the exact right moment. Now, she said. She pushed the controls forward. The plane descended rapidly. It was a controlled drop that sent loose items flying in the cabin and made passengers scream, but it was calculated and precise. The hostile aircraft, expecting them to stay level or climb, shot past them, overshooting its intercept point. Mara immediately pulled up and adjusted their heading, putting distance between them and their pursuer. That bought us maybe 2 minutes, she said. But they will recover and come back. What is the endgame here? The captain asked. We cannot outrun them. We do not have weapons. We are a sitting duck. Mara's mind worked through scenarios. He was right. In a prolonged engagement, a commercial aircraft could not win against a military-grade plane. But they did not need to win. They just needed to survive long enough to get help. Do we have communication with any military channels? She asked. No, we are on civilian frequencies only. Then we need to get someone's attention. Somewhere there are satellites watching this airspace. Somewhere there are military early warning systems. We need to make ourselves visible. She adjusted their transponder settings, switching on every identification system the plane had. Their radar signature would now be broadcasting loudly to anyone who was looking. "That is going to alert air traffic control that something is wrong," the captain said. "That is exactly what I want," Mara replied. Just as Mara was calculating their next move, the cockpit intercom buzzed with urgent energy. "Cockpit, this is Julia in the back." The head flight attendants voice was tense. "We have a situation. Two passengers in business class are acting strangely. They keep trying to access the service compartment and one of them just said something about needing to complete the mission. The other passengers near them are getting scared. Mara's blood turned to ice. This was not just an external threat. There were people on board working with whoever was flying that hostile aircraft. Do not let them access any compartments, Mara said into the intercom. Keep them in their seats. Use force if necessary. This is a security situation. She switched off the intercom and looked at the captain. This is coordinated. The aircraft outside, the passengers inside. Someone planned this carefully. But why? The captain asked, "What do they want?" Mara thought about the forceflight path, the remote coordinates, the timing of everything. They want this plane or they want something on this plane or she paused as a terrible thought formed. Or they want someone on this plane. The realization hit her like a physical blow. What if this was not random? What if she was the target? Mara had enemies. During her time in the Air Force, she had flown missions that disrupted operations, took out targets, and made powerful people very angry. She had walked away from service because her last mission had gone wrong. It had ended badly and cost lives. She had thought that by retiring, by disappearing into civilian life, she could escape that world. But maybe that world had not let her go. "Captain," she said slowly. "I need to ask you something. Was there anything unusual about the passenger manifest for this flight? Any last minute bookings? Any flags and security screening? The captain shook his head. Not that I was informed of. What? Before Mara could answer, the hostile aircraft made another aggressive pass. This time it was so close that the turbulence rocked the entire plane. Warning alarms blared. The captain struggled to keep control. Mara grabbed the yolk and helped him stabilize. They are getting desperate, she said. which means we are running out of time. In the cabin, things were escalating. The two suspicious passengers had become openly hostile. Other passengers had moved away from them, pressing themselves into the aisles. The flight attendants had formed a human barrier, but everyone could sense the violence about to break loose. One of the men stood up. His jacket fell open just enough for people to see what looked like a weapon tucked into his waistband. "Everyone stay calm," he said in a flat voice. We do not want to hurt anyone, but this plane is changing course. A woman screamed. A child started crying, but then something unexpected happened. From seat 24D, a large man in a business suit stood up. "I don't think so," he said quietly. The suspicious passenger turned. His hand moved toward his jacket, but the businessman was faster. In one smooth motion, he covered the distance between them and tackled the man to the ground. The weapon skittered across the floor. Chaos erupted. The second suspicious passenger tried to run toward the cockpit, but passengers blocked his way. A retired police officer in seat 18B grabbed him. Within seconds, both threats were subdued by ordinary people who refused to be victims. In the cockpit, Mara heard the commotion through the door. "They have got them," the captain said, listening to updates from the cabin crew. The passengers subdued them. Mara felt a surge of pride. In a crisis, people showed their true character. These were not trained soldiers. They were regular people, businessmen, tourists, families who had found courage when it mattered most. But the threat outside remained. The hostile aircraft was still there circling, waiting. And then the radio crackled again. But this time, the voice was different. Not distorted. Clear. Speaking with an accent. Mara suddenly recognized. Captain Dalton. The voice said, "I know you are on that plane. I know you are in that cockpit. This ends when you comply." The captain stared at her. They know your name. Mara closed her eyes briefly. I know that voice, she said quietly. His name is Victor Cloff. I faced him in a combat situation 3 years ago. My squadron intercepted his team over a disputed zone. We won. His brother did not make it. This is personal. The captain whispered. Yes, Mara said. He has been hunting me. And I let him right to 300 innocent people. The guilt threatened to overwhelm her, but she pushed it down. There would be time for guilt later. right now. She had to think, Victor, she said into the radio using his name deliberately. You want me? Fine. But these people have nothing to do with our past. Let them go. Victor's laugh came through the speakers. You think I am here for revenge? No, Captain. I am here to prove a point. You took everything from me. Now I am taking everything from you. Mara's mind worked through the possibilities at lightning speed. Victor had the advantage. He had a military aircraft, weapons, and position, but he also had limitations. This was international airspace. It was heavily monitored. Every minute they stayed in the air increased the chance of military intervention. He had a window of opportunity and it was closing. That meant he was going to make his move soon. Captain Mara said, "I need you to listen carefully. In about 3 minutes, help is going to arrive. I have been broadcasting our position and situation on every frequency available. Somewhere someone is scrambling jets to intercept. Victor knows this too. So what is he going to do? He is going to try to force us down before help arrives. You will have to make a choice. Either shoot us down and kill everyone or force us to land where he wants us. Which do you think he will choose? Mara thought about Victor. She thought about the man she had encountered years ago. He was ruthless but not mindless. He wanted to hurt her. Yes, but he also wanted her to know she had been beaten. Shooting them down would be too quick, too impersonal. You will force us down, she said. Which means we have one chance to turn this around. She explained her plan quickly. It was risky. It required perfect timing and a level of flying precision that pushed the limits of what a commercial aircraft could do. The captain listened, his face growing paler with each word. "That is insane," he said when she finished. "Yes, Mara agreed. But it is the only way." on the radar. Victor's aircraft was repositioning for what would clearly be a final aggressive maneuver. This was it, the endgame. Mara's hands found the controls. Muscle memory took over. In her mind, she was not in a Boeing cockpit anymore. She was back in the F-16 where split-second decisions meant the difference between life and death. Here he comes, the captain said, watching the radar. Victor's aircraft accelerated. It cut toward them at an angle designed to force them into a dive. It was a classic intercept maneuver, but Mara was ready. At the last possible second, she did something no commercial pilot would ever attempt. She cut the engines back, deployed speed brakes, and let the plane drop like a stone. Victor's aircraft shot past them, missing by hundreds of feet. The plane shuttered violently. Passengers screamed. Warning alarms filled the cockpit, and then Mara fired the engines back to full power and pulled up hard. The G-forces pushed everyone back into their seats. The plane groaned under the stress, but it held. They came up right behind Victor's aircraft in a position where he could not maneuver without risking a collision. For 3 seconds, Mara had turned a commercial plane into a fighter jet, putting the hunter in the crosshairs. Victor's voice came over the radio filled with surprise and anger. "Impossible. You forgot who you were dealing with," Mara said calmly. And then on the horizon, she saw the most beautiful sight in the world. Two fighter jets appearing like angels from the dawn sky. They were military interceptors scrambled from a base in Iceland, finally responding to their distress calls. Victor saw them, too. His aircraft banked sharply, breaking off the engagement. Within seconds, he was gone. He disappeared into the clouds like a ghost, unwilling to face actual military opposition. The fighter jets took up escort positions on either side of the commercial plane. The lead pilot's voice came over the radio. It was clear and professional. Flight 417, this is Lieutenant Collins of the United States Air Force. We have got you. You are safe now. Proceed to your original heading. We will escort you to London. In the cockpit, the captain let out a breath he had been holding for what felt like hours. His hands were shaking as he took back control of the plane. "You saved us," he said to Mara, his voice thick with emotion. "You saved all of us." Mara did not respond immediately. She was watching the fighter jets outside. She was thinking about the life she had tried to leave behind and how it had found her. Anyway, 3 hours later, flight 417 touched down at London Heathrow. Emergency vehicles lined the runway. Security personnel swarmed the plane as soon as it came to a stop. The two hostile passengers were taken into custody immediately. Statements were taken from crew and witnesses. And in the middle of it all was Mara. She was still wearing her green sweater. She still looked like an ordinary passenger who had just happened to save everyone's lives. The passengers wanted to thank her. They lined up shaking her hand, hugging her, some crying with relief. The mother with the baby held her child up to Mara and said, "You gave her a future." The businessman from 8B who had helped subdue the hostile passengers clapped her on the shoulder. "You are a hero," he said simply. But Mara did not feel like a hero. She felt tired. She felt exposed. She felt like the life she had tried to build was now gone, shattered by 3 hours over the Atlantic. Airport security wanted to question her. So did intelligence agencies. So did the media, who had somehow already gotten wind of the dramatic flight and were waiting outside the terminal. But before any of that, Mara found a quiet corner and pulled out her phone. She had one call to make. Her former commanding officer answered on the second ring. Dalton, I heard. Are you okay? I'm fine, sir, she said. But Victor Clav is still out there and now he knows for certain I survived. He will come again. There was a long pause. So what are you saying? Mara looked at her reflection in a nearby window. She looked at the woman in the green sweater. That woman was not really just Mara anymore. She had never really been just Mara. I'm saying I am done running, she said quietly. I tried the civilian life. I tried to disappear, but today proved something to me. I cannot escape who I am and maybe I should not try. Are you saying you want to come back? Mara thought about the 300 people on that plane. The strangers who had looked at her with hope. The child who now had a future because Mara had been in seat 8A at exactly the right moment. Yes, sir. She said, I want to come back because there are more victors out there and someone has to stop them. Welcome home, Captain Dalton. 6 months later, Mara was back in uniform. But it was not the same uniform. This time she was part of a specialized unit that dealt with exactly the kind of threat she had faced that day. Rogue operatives, international incidents, the gray areas where military and civilian worlds collided. She flew again. Not combat missions, but protective ones, escort duty, emergency response, the kind of flying that saved lives instead of taking them. And sometimes late at night she thought about flight 417. About the passengers who had become heroes in their own right. About the captain who had trusted her with 300 lives. About the woman she had been in that green sweater trying so hard to be someone she wasn't. Seat 8A had taught her something important. You can try to hide from your past. You can change your clothes, change your location, change your entire life. But when crisis comes, when people need you, who you really are will always rise to the surface. And for Captain Mara Dalton, that was someone who flew toward danger, not away from it. Someone who, when the call came at 35,000 ft, did not hesitate to answer. Because that is what heroes do even when they are just trying to sleep in seed day. Based on the incredible true story of courage at altitude, this account reminds us that ordinary moments can become extraordinary and that the person sitting next to you might be exactly who you need them to be when everything goes wrong. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed this story, please hit the like button and share it with your friends. Don't forget to subscribe and turn on notifications so you never miss a new story. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PamelaSmith-v8f [1 likes]: Flint, Michigan.
  2. @CarlaBareman [1 likes]: holland europa
  3. @WendyNicholson-u1s [1 likes]: New Zealand
  4. @PeterShea-f3f [1 likes]: USA - NH
  5. @johndenker8412: Everything about this story is fake. A clumsy fake. Impossible many times over.

There are dozes of versions of this fairy tale, with different names and races for the protagonist. All 100% hogwash.
  6. @myrnamata8259: Philippines
  7. @user-jp8me3qe3s: From Israel with ❤
  8. @laurencemadeo191: USA, Missouri, Kirkwood
  9. @pauljohansson288: USA NH 3:14
  10. @roncowan276: I seen this video 3 months ago. Michigan.

- Listen To Pilot's Epic Meltdown Before Plane Takes Off 2 Hours Late: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] okay if you don't feel safe get off the airplane this is your captain speaking but never like this I'll stop and I we'll fly the airplane don't worry I'm going to let my co-pilot fly it he's a man okay it's a total meltdown the pilot boarded in her street cloth and addressed the passengers over the intercom passenger Pam O'Neal couldn't believe what was happening she said let's take a vote how many of you would like to take off now with me dressed as I am or would you prefer that I take 10 minutes to get changed into my cute little uniform then she started talking about her divorce and political candidates in the minute she mentioned that um a gentleman stood up and just yelled whoa enough you're scaring me another passenger Randy Reese got up to leave and gave a running commentary on social media I'm shaking right now the captain demonstrated that she was not mentally in a safe space she says sorry I'm going through a divorce course um uhoh the pilot also insulted a mixed race couple on board you did I offend you okay so did I purposely offend you I did the answer is yes the more she tried to convince everyone she was okay to fly the more people got off flight ATT tennis police dis on doors Anthony Roman is a retired pilot everything went wrong on the flight the captain clearly was in an emotional state and was having a breakdown the right thing to do you don't feel safe on an aircraft is to to take matters into your own hand and get up and leave that aircraft after 20 passengers insisted on getting off the United Airlines flight the pilot quietly left the aircraft okay if you don't feel safe get off the airplane but otherwise we can go the United Airlines flight from Austin to San Francisco was delayed about 2 hours until another pilot took over as for the original pilot you saw there the airline says she has been removed from her duties pending an investigation

  Top Comments:
  1. @SJC-147 [1 likes]: Unhinged.
  2. @oldmanyoung7892: 2 hrs late. She must've just got served which explained her "man" comment and "cute outfit" comment cause it's her looks why she got divorced and not her 😂

Also, why she was hating on the couple 😂😂😂
  3. @JoeSmith-dl9ok: You’re fired lady
  4. @oldmanyoung7892: This was before dei 😂

Which means it's probably more common now 🤪😜
  5. @oldmanyoung7892: What she say about the mixed race couple? 😂
  6. @icantdraw3783: Never take a flight with a female pilot
  7. @Scrappy5357: how did she become a pilot in the first place?
  8. @bnpzarie9511: 1:19 what "flight"?
  9. @codegeek98: She folded under negative pressure, none of the passengers made her do that
  10. @jeffhoffmann4234: Women drivers damn
  11. @MiniMetalGarage: DEI hire at her finest. 🙄🙄🙄
  12. @Runelph: she could have at least changed her hat. you're not a pilot without the hat.
  13. @waroonh4291: I feel i doesn't want to do my job today for no reasons.. the reason 😂
  14. @bananasign: Only at United
  15. @fific9571: She needs to have her pilot's license removed FOR LIFE.
  16. @stumac869: You'd have to be more mad than the pilot to fly with her.
  17. @hermes8258: United Airlines. Wouldn't it be reasonable for the sex that has multi-fold higher number of emotional breakdowns (including some who risk having it once every lunar cycle) NOT fly planes? Maybe the Saudis were onto something...
  18. @USAGentlemen: I would have thought she was drunk and I would have been banging on the exit door long before she said "If you don't feel safe get off the plane."
  19. @atcred3: SHE WAS GONNA PUT THAT PLANE INTO THE SIDE OF A MOUNTAIN
  20. @SeemoreDunkan: Americ@nz r doooooomb

- Stone Temple Pilots - Creep (Official Music Video): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] forward yesterday makes me wanna stay what they said was real makes me wanna steal live yeah [Applause] all's I got this time I'm a God Oh take time Willona cuz it likes to hear say I wear the wanted ghazal I still stay down where the one Gazza likes to hear I like still I'm I spy co-star everybody there's God think y'all can then she tells me you friends don't to me six cousin take time yes I like to steal ghazal eyes to hear I like to steal um to be straight yes I like still cause Eliza here I still here's the thing ah man I used to be

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mike-zy8in [2 likes]: - When u can please go Youtube a video called - are you a good person by Living Waters
  2. @frankiesanchez8302 [2 likes]: I'M FRANKIE SANCHEZ FROM DALLAS FUCKIN TEXAS AND I POSTED THIS SONG
  3. @brerodriguez3421 [1 likes]: Everybody RUN Bobby's gotta GUN🗣️
  4. @noneyabusiness-b2y [1 likes]: Classic song and band.
  5. @astonish-p7e [1 likes]: One of the most depressed song.
  6. @JansenLee1 [1 likes]: This is the first stone temple pilot song i have really sat down and listened to, and i love the guitar, drums, his vocal melody, but the lyrics just seem, how i would make lyrics up on the spot, i sing and play songs and sometimes ill just make up chords and lyrics and play it for my buddys, they just sound like he is trying to rhyme and they dont really make sense.
  7. @lusilva6094 [1 likes]: Muito demais 🎉❤
  8. @galafnigar2136 [1 likes]: 2026 ❤😢 so good
  9. @JacquelineMiller-v6j [1 likes]: Never gets old
  10. @bethbibeault6203 [1 likes]: The best years 💗
  11. @BUlrich-c2y: videos RUIN ALL,,,THIS Song,IS A MILLION TIMES BETTER WHEN U JUST HEAR It.,,,❤
  12. @keithkovacs6006: The subtitles are hilarious
  13. @ricardoragfi6168: Fue un soplo de aire fresco a la escena musical, inolvidable!!!
  14. @ronaldosilva-g6o: 01/052026 ALGUM BRASILEIRO 
E DAQUI DE MOGI DAS CRUZES SP
NATURAL DE ILHÉUS BA
  15. @oXyBoy-02: The Half Man I Used To Be By Kurt Cobain
  16. @40_Vitto: LIVING ON DA HOUSE GUESS IM LIVING IM MOUSEEEEE
  17. @MotorCityBuilds: It’s weird how music can make you feel so much emotion I haven’t heard this song since I was a little boy and it made me so happy I literally cried. I miss how simple things used to be what I’d give to to go back and enjoy it all again.
  18. @blueyes8uup: Its been a few years now that i got a random message on fb from a girl that opened my eyes to the worst epidemic thats ever hit this earth and there not a day i dont blame big pharmer,and the money hungry doctors....that took apart of me when after 7 years of battling the pain she layed down in some woods a took the last pill to stop the madness ....i lived that pain with her from day one when she walked into my life and that hole will never be filled ..
  19. @RickJohnson-s1t: Scott Welland was from San Diego not Seattle.
  20. @BosskillerOG: 2:57 I'm half the man I used to be 😔

- What Can You Do with a Private Pilot License? Exploring Your Aviation Options: Kind: captions Language: en all too often students just see their private pilot license as a stepping stone a stepping stone to whatever is next but the private is a powerful certificate that allows you to do a lot of things now the question is what can I do with my private pilot license maybe a better question is what can't I do with my private pilot license it'd be easier to make that list but to help you all out we went ahead and gathered 10 different things that you can do with your private pilot license and that's what we're sharing in this video today all the information in this video can be found in many places online including thrust flightcom which is where I'm sourcing my information from right now number one take family and friends flying I would argue that this might be one of the best benefits of having your private pilot license because by this time they've known you're in training and you've done nothing but talk about it probably and so you want to show them what you've been up to you can take your family and friends in the air with you in a plane that meets your requirements there's a lot of CNAs and Pipers out there that have four seats in them so that you can take people in the air with you and then better yet if you're having to rent a plane in order to fly your friends or family they can help you pay for it there are some six-seater planes but typically they fall in line with planes that are meant for high performance or have adjustable adjustable propellers or flaps things that are a little bit more complex those types of planes are going to require you to have a little bit more training on top of your private pilot license so if you're someone who just got their private pilot license please I encourage you to find a friend or a family member who wants to go in the air with you and share that experience number two fly at night now this is my personal favorite because I'm more of a Scenic kind of person right so with your private pilot license you had a few hours of Flight Training during the night time and with your private pilot license you can fly whenever you'd like so if you go up in the air at night you get to fly over the city that you live in you can see the nice view and all the lights and then not to mention the airports look pretty cool at night as well number three check out a flying or Aviation Festival Oshkosh Wisconsin and Lakeland Florida host the first and second largest flying festivals in the world flying into these sort of events always takes a little bit of planning because there's a lot of special procedures trying to handle the large influx of planes actually flying in now if you do make it there and that's something you want to do know that there's going to be nice air shows there's going to be planes from all over the world pilots from everywhere lots of different experiences there's going to be speakers there's going to be seminars on new skills that you can learn it's just sort of like Aviation comes together all in these moments and they get to trade and learn and hear each other talk about all sorts of things there are also many Regional Aviation meetups and Flyin all over the country number four learn a new skill one thing about Aviation is that there's always new things to learn which keeps it interesting some things aren't included in your private pilot license there's some things that a lot of people like to try like arabaticum flying tell dragging number five take a business trip now I'm going to read this one from my phone so that I get it right because I don't want to give you the wrong information many private Pilots don't realize they can travel for business business with PPL A Private Pilot May for compensation or hire act as a pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employee if number one the flight is only incidental to that business or employment and number two the aircraft does not carry a passenger or property for compensation or hire basically this is saying if you have business to attend to you can fly yourself in a plane to an airport to handle that business number six fly for a charity you are allowed to donate your time to a charity by flying with your private flying magazine has a great list compiled full of Aviation Charities that you can take a look at number seven take date night to new heights maybe you're a little nervous maybe they're a little nervous so maybe all you do is go fly the standard pattern and land back down just for the sake of the experience or you fly cross country for fast food or romantic dinner either way I'm sure it won't be something that's going to be forgotten number eight fly International can a private pilot fly internationally that's a question that's super common but the answer is yes in fact many Pilots got their private pilot license just to do that now flying internationally does require a little bit of studying just so that you're accommodated to whatever the the area's rules and regulations are number nine go traveling and sightseeing you don't even have to leave home in order to see cool things the United States has one of the most varying Landscapes number 10 share sh your passion for Aviation with others you already know you can take other folks flying with you but there's many ways that you can share your passion with others the FAA ground instructor certificate is a great way to get into mentoring and teaching the certificate requires nothing more than a few written exams it's an easy first step to becoming a flight instructor and it's a really great way to get a head start if you're ever thinking about getting your commercial certificate so if you're really looking to do something with your private pilot license I'm really hoping that this guide gives you some good ideas and like always thanks for watching if you have questions leave them in the comments otherwise give us a like and be sure to subscribe so that you can see our next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @tneonrider007 [20 likes]: Personally, no one aside from another pilot will get on a plane with me until I'm overly confident (not to the point of being complacent) in a plane because some people get a big head once they have their license
  2. @lennywallace9201 [13 likes]: Just got it today, so now Im aiming for my high performance and complex aircraft endorsements. Shooting for 100 hours a year (8hrs a month), till I can get a higher source of income
  3. @EZTRAVELZ [3 likes]: Were you doing standup comedy like 3 yrs ago?
  4. @HiThere619 [2 likes]: Question: What can you do once you have your PPL?

Answer. Um, fly.
  5. @gastrofile [1 likes]: If flying for a charity or volunteer organization as a Private Pilot, some are allowed to compensate you for expenses, some are not; in order to comepensate you, they have to apply for, and receive an exception to the prohibition on flying for compensation; some don't apply, to avoid any legal hassle and probably because they lack the means to pay that compensation.
  6. @mikhailov08 [1 likes]: Can you do Ur ppl in a different country to the one you live in?
  7. @MrScottb2y [1 likes]: are you doing PPL training again or is it all ZeroToAirline still?
  8. @mightytexan71: Nose ring and ear rings like a woman, weak man.

- After the PPL what next?  9 suggestions for your Private Pilot License: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, my name is Ben Lovegrove and in this video I'm going to suggest some answers to the question after the ppl next. There are two points at which student or newly qualified pilots tend to drop out of flying altogether. The first is after the first solo and the second is after completing the syllabus and obtaining the license. The latter is often due to the fact that new pilots will take friends and family on short flights from their local airfield, but thereafter they have no one else to take. If they haven't developed any friendships within the aviation community, or if they haven't set themselves any new goals, they can soon find themselves flying less often. As time goes on without fresh challenges, their confidence goes into a spiral descent until they no longer venture outside the local area. Eventually, short flights inside the shrinking comfort zone lose their appeal and they stop flying and the license is shelved. This is a sad state of affairs as it means lost opportunities for the pilot and the general aviation sector loses another participant. Here then are some suggestions as to what you can do as a private pilot to keep that license current, develop new skills, gain confidence, and enjoy more flying. Number one, go exploring. Get out your chart and plan trips to other airfields, large and small. Visit unfamiliar airfields and airports where the challenges might be the amount of traffic and radio calls or the approaches and takeoffs. Check out the farm strips and consider dropping in with prior permission confirmed of course. Plan a series of stops perhaps with one or more nights away. There's a whole world out there to explore and a runway is all you need. By flying in the aircraft type in which you trained and qualified, you will consolidate and augment your confidence in flight planning, weather decision making, radio calls, navigation skills, and approaches to unfamiliar airfields. Number two, buddy up. All this exploring can be enjoyed on your own, but there are lots of advantages to flying with a co-pilot. For a start, there's an extra pair of eyes for the lookout, someone to point out anything you've missed inside the cockpit, and someone to fly alternate legs, giving you a break. There are plenty of clubs and associations made up of people who love to fly, and many who don't have a license, but who are eager passengers. Take a pilot or a passenger or more, and they can make a contribution to your costs. Flying can not only be sociable but cheaper, too. Number three, change your attitude. If you learn to fly on a nose wheel aircraft, do a type conversion to a tail dragger or vice versa. All the airfields and strips you've already visited now have the potential to teach you something new as you return in a different aircraft type. If you convert to a tail drager, then you'll be putting down foundations for heavier vintage aircraft in the years to come. Just imagine putting in log book entries for a Chipmunk, Tiger Moth, Harvard, or even one day a Spitfire. Number four, be a night owl. Flying at night is a whole new experience for the senses. Not just your eyes, but your ears, too. With fewer aircraft airborne, the radio is quieter. With the changes in temperature, the air can be more still and the whole atmosphere in the cockpit changes. Familiar landmarks and airfields take on a whole new look. And once again, there are plenty of opportunities for developing your skills as you taxi, take off, and land guided by runway lights. Number five, get complicated. Perhaps you learn to fly on a conventional training aircraft on which both undercarriage and propeller pitch are fixed. Consider converting to a more complex type that has retractable undercarriage and a variable pitch propeller. Then consolidate that learning by visiting familiar airfields and noticing the difference in speeds and in fuel consumption. All this training and experience will prepare you for the move from single engine to twin. Alternatively, get a sea plane rating and learn all about the complexities of taxing on water when there is a current and a wind. Combine flying with boating. Number six, win with a twin. Once you're comfortable with retractable propeller, you could opt for a twin rating or simply throw yourself in at the deep end and deal with it all at once. With the increases in speed and range, your options for exploring are expanded. Suddenly, those distant airfields look a lot closer, and you've got the room and the power to pack some bags for overnight stays. Number seven, check your instruments. Expand your horizons by getting qualified to fly in worsening weather or through it to the clear skies above. Here in the UK, you could go for an IRR, instrument rating restricted, the replacement for the IMC rating, or you could go the whole hog and get yourself a full instrument rating for flights during which maintaining VFR is unlikely. Number eight, on your marks. Once you've got a 100 hours pilot in command in your log book, you could consider entering air races. Given the fact that you're going to be flying at full throttle a lot of the time with other aircraft in front, behind, and all around you, then you need to be a fairly accomplished pilot. Like motor racing, air racing is a sport with different engine categories and handicaps. It's another avenue to explore with all the characters, locations, and competitions that go with it. Number nine, turn things upside down. Aerobatics are not everyone's cup of tea, but flying some arrows has the potential to put a big silly grin on your face. A few 20inut slots under the professional eye of an instructor will show you just how much fun flying can be when you're hanging in your straps. Some pilots log thousands of hours without ever flying inverted, looping, or rolling. But if this is your bag, then take it to the level where you are safe and competent to fly a few routine solo. Once you have a routine worked out, you could enter amateur competitions and dream of that podium and a collection of cups. So, there you have it. Nine ideas for things to do once you've got your PPL. Work through this list and it'll keep you busy for years to come. Got any additional ideas? Post a comment below and share them. Please give this video a like, share it, and subscribe to my channel for more like this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @willfox2121 [94 likes]: Got my license yesterday!
  2. @RoadRunnerLaser [4 likes]: An additional idea - Join the Civil Air Patrol and put your PPL to practical use.
  3. @yurimoros [1 likes]: Excelente vídeo Im inspire Again I’ll start with my Instrumet and exploring them sea plane
  4. @rogerclarke3291 [1 likes]: I only fly an EV97 Eurostar, but you have inspired me to now move forward to a new type rating. I did get to fly the grace spitfire ML407 five months ago.    Great video and thanks for sharing.
  5. @xRoRox [1 likes]: Did my test flight and loved it but I cant afford to get my license so now looking at gliders as an alternative until I have enough money. Looked into being an instructor at the school that I went to as they're taking on but my colour vision will be a pain in the ass when it comes to my medical so I'd probably not even be able to use it to make money lol.  Flying just so damn expensive but so exhilarating
  6. @TEAST23 [1 likes]: This is me. I recently got my ppl but rarely fly anymore. Seems like more of an obligation than a desire. My confidence and skills are greatly diminished. If I do fly it’s just local pattern work once a month. I’m not plugged into the aviation community because it’s not my profession and I work weekends. I need to get my mind right
  7. @albertvonschultz9137 [1 likes]: Well I have to agree with you that Florida new beginners end up shelving their license and I did the exact same thing and it's been 25 years ago since I've flown I would like to get recertified and fly again
  8. @maistorcommentator1777 [1 likes]: Every time I sat in the plane, the pilot gave me all the commands. Every pilot told me that I am natural talent for flying. They said they had never seen anything like it before. But at the end of the day, it's the money that counts, not the talent. So I finally gave up and they lost another pilot.
  9. @pilotdilu9860 [1 likes]: Thanks for the great ideas… Finally got inspired to explore new horizons.
  10. @moderndentistry8471 [1 likes]: I really loved the way you spread your knowledge... very informative video
  11. @Josh-bl7hh [1 likes]: Amazing video Ben! I was wondering if a candidate can complete their entire PPL with one aircraft? As the EASA requirements states ''If you don’t already hold a licence, you will need to complete 45 hours of flight instruction on aeroplanes''. ''aeroplanes'' meaning more than one, right?
  12. @Josh-d9t1w: So lost after getting my PPL 5 months ago. Not sure what to do... Build PIC XC time for Instrument? Get tailwheel endorsement? Stay with PPL flight school or go someplace else? Join a flying club or keep renting from local schools...
  13. @spark8005: Thank you for the great suggestions! They encouraged me to ask many questions so I can research them over the time it takes to get my private license. I’m enrolled in ground school as well. I just love it.
  14. @BuddySpike23: Do this do that, this guy sounds like flying is free
  15. @Dillon-ux6it: You mentioned there's 2 points at which pilots drop out of flying. 1st being after the first solo? Why do you think some quit after the 1st solo?
  16. @asanyal296: Since incremental cost is an issue for most of us that can’t afford to own a plane and must rent, can you give us some idea of a ballpark number of hours one should fly per month to maintain the skills? I hear that it takes 40-60 years to get a PPL for most people. Could you for instance fly 1 hour every weekend to maintain the skill level? I could probably budget for that but not much more. I realize this is not a fair question to ask as everyone is different. A sweeping generalization is all I am asking for
  17. @moavella7848: i want to become a pilot but my fam cant afford it , so i was thinking that i can work with a private pilot license till i save the money and then continue studying , is this a good idea ? or do you recommend another affordable license ?
  18. @6969Suzanne: ERROR ALERT!!!!  There is NO SUCH THING AS A "PILOT'S LICENSE" in the 
US!!!  It's a Certificate, NOT, repeat NOT, a "License"!!!  Licenses and
 Certificates are two very different legal documents!!!  (Do you not 
realize how it damages your overall credibility when you don't even 
refer to a pilot's primary document by its correct name!?!??!)
  19. @annsart4639: Can we apply for a commercial pilot license after getting PPL?? If yes what advantages do we get??
Edit: The video was very helpful❤
  20. @RenatoAlmeidaLins: Another nice thing is to get a glider licence. There are performance badges and you always have a next challenge to pursue.

- Family Time vs. Pilot Life: How Does it Work? // #68: Kind: captions Language: en both of you guys you know the way these questions are asked it's almost like you're you're trying to trick yourself into thinking this isn't the right career for you because these hypothetical things that don't don't look at things like that I mean you're not going to not drive your car to work because you could be in an accident I mean right and I think that's why people watch this channel cuz we kind of break things down in a practical Manner and when you really analyze these situations and how they might occur the one% it's just it's just not reality of what it really is you [Music] know hi welcome to the pro pilot Playbook podcast where we give you the tips tricks and hacks to become a pilot faster and cheaper I'm Mike Martin and I'm Sean Richie yes sir and we're both home tonight it's a nice Sunday night we got our brand new podcasting microphones that Sean ordered from her he says they're the best in the business so if you notice the audio Clarity is better it's uh it's our equipment uh we're moving on up so we appreciate all the support of the channel um you know we used some of the money we've been making from YouTube and stuff to to buy some better equipment so Sean got him a a really nice uh laptop to do some editing when he's on the road how's that working out for you good good yeah I mean this is still like a a little operation here it's not like we got like a team of people doing this stuff for us it's just you and me but uh yeah we're trying to make the improvements here weren't you your first laptop um when we first started doing this you were rendering the video for the course and didn't it actually almost catch on fire yeah it I was in a hotel room rendering all this stuff and any of you know anything about video editing you know when you put all that HD stuff together that processor gets hot this laptop pretty much melted down in a uh hotel room and I thought I had lost everything but after tearing it apart and getting the hard drive out of it um most everything was intact but yeah yeah well for those who haven't watched they figured out Sean's the brains of the operation man he's a video guy I'm just yeah I'm a video yeah they know you used to professionally do video right right yep shooting people's weddings and some small television stuff but uh yep just another side Hustle yeah I'm just I'm just here for people to make fun of so so we're gonna answer a couple questions tonight uh got a got a reoccurring question that comes up uh almost every week and uh we got two this week for the same type of question so Sean what do we got over there yep uh we have questions from two different people they're are very similar questions and I'll just read them both and then we'll get into them the first one's from Justin and uh says hi Mike and Sean been a listener for a couple months now love the content uh a little background I'm 32 years old 400h hour commercial instrument rated pilot been flying on and off since high school went to college for engineering and took a Hiatus from flying as I caught uh got caught in the corporate Rat Race now in real estate with a very flexible career good money and I'm back into flying as a hobby and occasionally for business I have young kids one and four so the flexible job is working out great but unfortunately I want to fly I'm in the San Antonio area and not willing to relocate right now due to being close to family kids school Etc I understand the basics of Airline and corporate schedules the benefits the nature of the industry but I guess my question is more how do you personally deal with the daily family stuff as well as emergencies that will inevitably happen one of the the biggest Turtles for me is not being there for my family if they were to need me I have been going back and forth on either pushing a career in aviation soon or waiting until the kids are older or out of the house which will still give me a decent career length if I started in my late 40s either way I'm currently working towards my CFI and slowly working my way to 1500 hours and we'll see where it goes I'm enjoying the content look forward to more that's from and uh which is basically you know family quality of life type stuff and uh we got a very similar question with a little bit different twist here this one's from Robert hi my name is Robert and I'm looking at becoming a pilot for a career change at age 36 I'm married with three kids and one on the way no flying experience just a passion free Aviation and a desire to provide a better life for my family in there an area oh is there an area is there an area of Aviation I could look into uh other than the airlines that wouldn't have me away from my home for as long as a corporate or Airline job oh okay I hear I hear all sorts of numbers and watching some of the wife of a pilot blogs perspectives with my wife really made it seem like we might run into some serious issues one said the husband was gone in a normal month for 22 days out of the month as a corporate pilot wow that guy needs another job yeah that sounds that sounds uh on the extreme high end I'm sure he makes good money but that's not for me let's say my goal would be to be gone no more than two or three days a couple times a month any other work would be less time away than that does such an aviation career exist love the channel super informative and very helpful thank you so yeah my initial thing on exactly as I was read 22 days out of the month that's uh yeah that's a lot yeah I mean we're both corporate guys and my normal I would say I average 11 or 12 days a month yeah there's months where crazy stuff actually this month has been crazy because I had to go to training I had to go to recurrent and which was five days and that I was gone and then we also had uh one of our biggest customers he has a big conference in Vegas every year which I that just happened too so already this month I've been gone 10 days but five days of it was Vegas and five days of it was Orlando you can't complain right right yeah so some of the questions Robert can ask you know when the Market's really good like it is now when you're interviewing for these J jobs you can you know they chart all these all these stats are are known you know so um the the the number one question you ask a corporate operator is uh how many hours a year do you fly right right so um um I'm on the lower end so I'm doing 125 to 150 hours a year um which is is a is a really low end um and then I'd say average is in the 200 range and then you know you could go three four 500 but that's with one airplane it also depends on how many Pilots you have right so we're doing 150 hours on two pilots um which is just about right it's very nice and you could probably the rule of thumb you can go up to 200 or even you know 250 some people say with two pilots um and then once you go to three Pilots you know um it's much easier because you're rotating who's on trips and guys can take uh vacations and all that stuff so um in a lot of these operators they'll track how many overnights they do too and you can ask them that in an interview you could say how many overnights do you do is it a 100 uh it's a that's a uh pretty common number wouldn't you say Sean on overnights 100 100 a year maybe maybe yeah um that's a good qu I would say that's probably pretty good yeah but there are some that don't do any not any nights right I mean I think I can say their name on camera but we got an operator here in Cincinnati the one of the largest employers in Cincinnati the Kroger company most of you guys probably know them they do uh grocery store stuff and their pilot 27 different I think it's 27 different grocery store brands from wi whatever enormous company yeah yeah and uh they do almost no overnights they do all day trip so basically they go out to look at a store and they come back and uh and so those guys are home every every single night a Legion Airlines um there's a great example they do at home basing you have to live in their out bases um so they keep two airplanes in Cincinnati um and what one of the things they do to cut cost is they do no overnight so every trip you're assigned to the plane in Cincinnati the the Airbus and every single trip you do starts in Cincinnati ends back in cinc so they don't have to pay any overnight charges and uh um you know so um absolutely I I don't mean to hog this but this such a good question and then uh there's some uh there's some jobs like flight instruction you don't ever you you get to fly all day and and then and you can make a career out of that um and you're home every single night it's a nine-to-five job with a schedule um and then uh the training centers are hurting like crazy oh yeah I I I believe there's a flight safety in San Antonio too isn't there Sean I think there there's a citation Sim down there or something but I'm not certain possibly but that I mean that's a professional yeah that's a great outfit I mean those guys oh big money you know yeah they have to pay those guys good because every every week they're meeting a new set of Pilots that fly their plane that are hiring you know so they're always trying to hire the instructors away and all that um yeah yeah with the corporate world I mean it's so it's so open to say that to to think that every corporate guys out there flying 22 days a month would be a huge mistake because I mean I think you have a hard time finding the corporate guy who's gone 22 days a month it's it's the opposite of that that's way more common and the other if you're really if the corporate thing what you're thinking I mean it is the it's a plethora of of different thing you could look around and find exactly what you want where the airlines I say that because the airlines are more standardized Allegent is the Oddball doing the no overnight thing right I to my knowledge I don't know any other airline that does that no I don't either you'll you'll end up back at your base but it may be after a two-day three- day four day trip right um but yeah Allegiance kind of their own deal with that thing but 22 days a month is on the highend for anybody even the airlines all those schedules are based on 12 days 10 to 12 Day a month lines so yeah whoever you got 22 days a month from is goes back to what we just said in the last episode or the episode before that you know uh don't believe anything you hear and only half of what you see get out there get out there and investigate for yourself yeah and there's jobs you know that fit everyone's lifestyle this sounds awful to me but one of the worst schedules that I can think of being a family guy is uh these International operators will hire these Pilots month on month off so basically you go over to the middle e to fly somebody's G5 or something and you bomb around the Middle East for a month at the end of the month you Airline back then you're off for a whole month and and and some guys love it I mean and it pays like really really good you know right and there's all kinds of tax benefits in there too I think because the money was made out of the country uh the tax laws don't apply to it exactly so yeah the money the number you're seeing isn't even tax so it's a it's a huge chunk of change for some of those outfits to go fly right but don't you think Sean he could certainly find a corporate job where he's only gone you know a couple trips a month absolutely that are overnights yeah sure and and uh with no problem I mean right especially if you're in any kind of City I mean like Mike you know we're in Cincinnati there's a bunch of corporate operators here you know you can talk to you get in that Network and you network with people you talk to people you find out who does do what absolutely it's not a problem yeah yeah yeah so um uh how about how about the things breaking so the old there's an old corporate pilot joke actually pilot General joke that uh nothing ever breaks till you leave on a trip right you've heard that right sure sure yeah so what let's just hope the Trip's to the Bahamas or something what do you say to Justin man um uh have you ever had anything break at your house while you were gone Sean um oh you're talking about not an airplane breaking you're talking about the emergency at the house yes yes okay so yeah and my you know my wife's been putting up with it for a while you know we've got quite a uh we got quite a system set up and that's what I was going to say to this you know to answer your question there you get you get used to it everybody gets used to it the being gone thing and and you know you can also so like we were just saying in the other you know you can kind of seek out an operator that doesn't do that many overnights you know obviously if you're you know you got these new kids at home you got one on the way you probably shouldn't go seek out the flying the freight you know being gone for 12 days on the other side of the planet right um you know seek a more domestic operator maybe somebody does a you know fewer overnights but I don't know we have I I have my mother-in-law is awesome you know when my kids were were little babies uh she would come over and help my wife with anything um and if it was I've never had to deal with a true crazy emergency on the road but I'd like to think that we could get it figured out I mean right you can any company you're working for they can trade you out they can Airline you home uh yeah yeah I I I've had some experience with that so you know of course there's um little things that break on the house and stuff and and U you know I got my I I got a lot of complicated systems in my house because I like to screw around with stuff and you know things break you know um um I just was on a trip and my hot tub broke you know but you just don't get in it until somebody fixes it or whatever but till I get home and fix it but you know pool the pool you know the pump will go out on the pool or something like that um the the the you know the bad stuff like you know the furnace goes out or something like that uh that that you just hire somebody you know to do that um and then that so that's mechanical side now on the family emergency side of things you know like you know you're you know somebody has to go to the hospital or something bad happen so there's a lot of emphasis on that and first of all it doesn't happen very often right um I mean I've been flying for 20 years um and you know it's in flown with a lot of different Pilots it's very uncommon that there's some sort of catastrophic emergency when they're gone but what you got to think about is when that happens um it's so rare everybody works together to help you in your situation so um if you're flying domestically which is what a lot of these jobs are um I I'll give you an example I have twins and um uh I was in training in Dallas for um for initial training for of the leers and uh I was in the middle of a Sim session and that you know twins are my wife was I don't know two months early and she went into labor it was not expected I mean uh uh you know but sometimes that happens with twins and everything worked out fine or whatever but I I immediately got out of the Sim and then um uh there's you know uh eight flights a day or something non-stop from Cincinnati to Dallas it was like at 3: in the afternoon I just went straight to the uh terminal I didn't even check the flights SC on the first flight that I could and I was at the hospital probably I don't know I mean I was there before she really gave birth or anything like that so I mean maybe it took five hours for me to get home and you know I happen to be right by the airport but um you know the owners that you fly for and these companies that you fly for and the airlines that you fly for if you have an emergency you know they're going to do what they can um to to to accommodate you you know if you're supposed to leave in the morning and you have emergency that night you know maybe they delay their trip leaving and then they Airline another pilot in to relieve you you know so there's no issue so I mean this 1% chance that you're going to be stuck on a road and there's G you know somebody's gonna get in a car accident or something like that uh and you're not going to be there um really you got to think about well it depends on the time of day it happens and you know a lot of times you can quickly get back to your home City you know within several hours um but you you also have to have a support system which most people do it sounds like this guy in San Antonio he doesn't want to families there well you know you can have friends neighbors relatives your parents whatever come to assist things for a few hours until you make it back you know right yeah I mean there's other things that happen too in the corporate world I think I I talked about this in one of the episodes but one of the guys I was managing as jet for last minute this was Thanksgiving a few years ago yeah Chang his mind on what he wanted to do for Thanksgiving he was living in Florida but decided that Thanksgiving was going to be in New Jersey that year I think maybe his father wasn't doing well or something and uh last minute wanted me to Airline down to Florida and fly him in his private jet to New Jersey and then he was going to come home uh the day after thanksg or two days after Thanksgiving or something but the way it was all working out I was just going to sit up there for Thanksgiving I was going to miss Thanksgiving but we landed and uh he's like Sean you know what this is silly this was last minute um I'm sure you're missing stuff just take the jet home you know typically when we would leave the private jet somewhere it's too expensive to let the pilots fly you know themselves around places so you leave the Jet and you Airline home but that particular case we had already landed after the last flight so I'd have to take the morning flight which was Thanksgiving day and you know that crap was crazy sold out whatever he just let me take the jet home you know so that that stuff happens too yeah or or the Jet's going somewhere empty and uh you know he would you know some of these owners will let you bring your family down right um or if you got to go pick them up in the Bahamas and uh on you know whatever on Sunday well you got to fly the jet down empty to go get him out of the Bahamas you can throw your family on it a few days earlier and go have a family vacation via private jet in the Bahamas and you just stick them on an airline home unless the owner really cool yeah unless the owner's really cool and let you bring the family home on the jet too with yeah that's a rarity but yeah yeah that's rare that's rare but I would not both of you guys you know the way these questions are asked it's almost like you're you're trying to trick yourself into thinking this isn't the right career for you because these watch this channel because we kind of break things down in a practical Manner and when you really analyze these situations and how they might occur the one% it's just it's just not reality of what it really is you know there's also something else that happens we did a podcast similar to this early on when we first started doing this it might have been in the first 10 episodes or something um you know there was my wife has told people when because people just think Pilots are gone all the time and right uh you know people say stuff to my wife and like how do you deal with him being gone all the time you know and she'll usually say something like well first of all he's never gone you know he's not gone all the time he works like two days a week what do you mean he's always home bugging or whatever it is you know uh but you know the times when I was early in my career when we were flying Charter or something and you know we maybe we were gone four or five days you know a couple times a month the other thing my wife has said is she actually thinks it is good for our relationship because yeah I've heard that yeah because you know you're gone there's time apart from each other and then you come back home and like you know oh you know the kids are like Daddy is home or whatever it rekindles everything it's fun you know you go out to dinner I've been gone for a few days everybody's back together um totally totally versus being in the house every day you know with each other every hour of every day I don't know you know it's not all bad right yeah so uh I I would definitely say uh and and this is not just the job I have now but throughout my career um that in General uh that's a huge misconception that we're gone all the time I feel like I am home and especially it's a little different when your kids are in school but when you have little kids you're actually with your kids more than a parent with a nin to-5 job because let's face it you know okay so 9 to5 40 hours a week but really if you're making the kind of money that we're making these high-powered Executives and things like that they work a lot more than 40 hours but let's just say you work 40 hours then on top of that uh you got to commute and everything that goes to that so now you're gone 45 hours or 47 hours a week and you know there's weeks uh where we don't fly at all you know or you might be gone you know two two days which is you know 48 hours but half of that sleeping which you would be sleeping if you were at home anyway with a 9 to-5 job so you can actually help out more you know you're home during the day to help out your wife when the kids are little and you know I know a lot of people with little kids really save on daycare um because they'll they'll watch the kids you know two or three days a week whichever days they're not flying and then they only need child care on you know the other two days they work out with either a relative or or a center or something you know a daycare center that they can pick the days you know and they pay half price or something so you know you really home more it's just a different pattern than than it now yeah it's great you know dad comes home every day with a 9 to-5 job at an office and you know it's it's 6:30 you have dinner every night and all that that that that is nice I get that and then you can plan your vacations 5 years ahead of time and you go you know all that me some of that you do lose but uh to your point Sean some of that's kind of boring anyway right I live your life yeah yeah um yeah back to the emergency stuff you know I I started to say you know like we have uh my mother-in-law is kind of my wife's helper if something were going down you know and I'm not home um but you know you need a kind of a support system or whatever yeah is are you going to be there for every spider the wife finds in the kitchen you know the you know as the husband you're usually the the bug catcher you know yeah she's probably gonna have to learn to get rid of any bugs on her own but uh yeah yeah other than that you just reminded me when you brought up mother-in-law great Aviation joke that goes around the training center the Challenger Training Center so so uh when you're when they're teaching you in the Sim about reversions right so what this is is you have those uh uh display screens in the cockpit that have all your instruments on it so have you heard this Sean no I don't think so so the in the in the Challenger 300 there's four so you have the primary one that you stare at that has all your flight instruments then another one with all your engine instruments and cast messes and then one for navigation and then your co-pilot's primary instrument well when one of those screens burns out it does what's called a reversion okay so um it'll consolidate data and it'll move it around so all the like if you're one you're staring out with your flight instruments you don't have to do anything if it goes out it'll automatically move over to this side um um um and uh uh the the and then if another one goes out then it consolidates that and everything and you lose some things and you don't lose whatever um but but the joke in the schoolhouse was the the the small box with uh all the engine instruments which tells you know how the engines are running your pressures and all that stuff it never goes away ever it's always on that so they call that the Mother-in-law box that's what they say because she never goes away so no matter what screen you lose she's always there but yeah no that that's not joke about it but that is uh very helpful especially when you have small kids it doesn't matter if you travel a lot anyway um you if you have a regular job and you have small kids and your parents aren't local uh you know that that that's taxing you know so yeah it doesn't matter yeah that's the way I'm looking at it I mean you're probably going to end up at the house way more than you were uh working any other kind of job is basically the bottom line I'm thinking yeah yeah yeah yeah and you'll have yeah a lot more extra free time in fact your relationship might need an adjustment uh because you're home too much you're home too much exactly yeah yeah yeah yeah but these are you know Robert and just these are great questions they they come up a lot I know I've been asked him personally a lot all the time you have all that yeah yeah yeah there's a YouTube video with those Lego men and the it's the pilots wives have you watched that before Oh the pilots wives no I've seen it the uh live in the dream thing is that what you're talking yeah the live in a dream there's one with the wives and everything's broken we might we we'll put a link in the in the descript it's really funny man I love yeah that's funny the white all the Lego piece that's good I like that yeah and they're the women are at a cocktail party a Lego cocktail party and it sounds like they're in Atlanta they must be Delta Pilots or something and they they all got the southern draw you know and they're the ones asking the one's wife is not a pilot and the other one is or whatever the husband and and uh she's asking oh you're your uh your your your husband's out flying and and she goes oh yeah yeah she yeah he is and and then she says well where's he at and he's an airline pilot so I mean he goes like 406 he's like she's like you know I I don't really know and then she turns to the other lady oh my God she doesn't even know where her husband is but they're making but yeah it is a little hard to keep track you know um sometimes I'll be talking to my wife on the phone where are you at again oh I yeah my wife gave up trying to figure out where I'm at uh right right and another uh Captain gave me a tip early on when your wife calls and you're on the road no matter what the weather is you always tell her it's raining oh it's crappy here ter horrible it's really unseasonable it's been raining in Bermuda all constantly yeah that's good stuff yep yep yep but yeah keep the questions going yeah we love it um try uh we mentioned in the last podcast try to send in some videos if you guys know how to do it we'll put your video on the screen actually with you asking a question but we love the questions and uh got some still some good things in the works we got some good interviews coming up we're working on one that I think is going to be probably our most watched video ever I'm working on a a really good one so we'll we'll have that in the next few weeks but until then keep liking and subscribing yeah real quick though they've probably already stopped watching but this whole video thing we have technically yet to receive we just mentioned it for the first time last week yeah but uh whoever yeah whoever sends it in first man you're you're going up they're going to get the preferential treatment of getting answered you know before everybody else sending in the video question yes and we just launched our live coaching option on the course which we've gotten a uh some great response for that we've we've already done our first coaching call um so yeah yeah U take a look at that if you want some more direct consultation from us uh that is available but uh yeah it's exciting got a lot of exciting things with the channel we're really having a lot of fun so we appreciate all your view views and likes all right we will see you next week thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @JacobH-q5c [9 likes]: Thanks again for the videos guys! Starting pilot training from a career pivot at 27 and you guys are a big reason. Appreciate all you do.
  2. @Frosty-cg8xf [7 likes]: The colors look sharper and the audio sounds crisper! I appreciate the improvement gents!
  3. @kavanlake871 [5 likes]: You guys are awesome.  Thank you for this podcast.  I’m 48 and heading to my first regional after 23 years of military service (rotor wing).   I’m so excited.  Got a family as well, and we know we’ll get into a routine and figure it out 😌✌🏾
  4. @JamR0ck [5 likes]: 22 days sounds like a double life😮
  5. @Archonch [2 likes]: "He just let me take the jet home" 😄
  6. @kuroe-chan5190 [1 likes]: Thanks for this my husband is serious contemplating career change from mechanic for 20 yrs to become commercial pilot. We are starting later we are 38 no kids at the moment so this schedule is definitely doable for us however in the next couple of years we do plan to expand family and the time has been a question we’ve gone over a lot but for the money and ability to support our little family years to come it’s something we are willing to explore . Appreciate the truth from how y’all experienced it
  7. @YAJBEATSofficial [1 likes]: thank you for this, this is the true behind the curtain conversations us men (and women) should be having. our careers are important, but we are also family people.
  8. @sterlingmorgan9899 [1 likes]: Damn guys! Your timing with this is spot on! Switching out of healthcare into aviation and had to have the time away career talk with the spouse. Thank you guys for the insight and always putting such a real no BS approach on the lifestyle. Cheers! 🍻
  9. @MegaZboo [1 likes]: Any Swiftly sighting during the football game?
  10. @jaketrilla764: @propilotplaybook
What would you say the timeline is to get to the point where you deal with the problem of being home too much?
It sounds great to me, but isn’t that a late career expectation?
  11. @slimesspeedshoptv: being stuck in the house every day with your woman/kids I have seen ruin some men, that shit was too funny. Awesome perspective on the rekindling that relationship coming and going. Channel rocks, new sub for sure.
  12. @JUGGAKNOTREACTS: Took my discovery flight on my 39th birthday this year, and I'm going to pursue my flight career thanks to videos like this , I didn't think it was possible. Thanks guys!!
  13. @stjets: As you allude to, hours are just one indicator, but days per month is a more accurate answer to the question of "how hard will this job be on me AND my family"...
  14. @quamirsivels5757: Hello Sean and mike, I’m 21 years old and in training to be a controller. I was able to acquire my PPL in 2021 (at age 19) with the Covid money I was receiving. But once I got my license the money spout ran out and it’s been 2 years since I’ve been flying. My ultimate goal is to become an airline pilot or corporate. Was wondering if you guys know any former controllers that have transitioned into being pro pilots or controllers that fly on the side. Thanks so much guys! I have been watching you guys since January of 2021 and I look forward to every new pod
  15. @Harlanb2002: I like you videos.  You mentioned Lego movies/videos.  Do you have the links? Thanks!
  16. @tyciarlo1999: Hi, I’m an 18 year old college student at a university studying aviation business management with a pro pilot track. My family wanted me to start out with college, but I am realizing how college is a huge waste of time and money.  I would also like to be flying more than 3 times per week. My question to you guys is would it be better if I went and did the Liberty partnership and finished my degree in Aviation online with an R-atp, or fast track my training and finish a business degree online which I have more credits for already
  17. @JBREEZ1: Still waiting for any tips tricks and hacks  to make  it faster and cheaper ???
  18. @paulnagel8161: Another great video! There have been some rumors starting to creep up about airline layoffs, which seems very odd given the hiring frenzy that is going on.
  19. @DallasFort1857: can you guys make a video of all the supporting aviation job i e ATC, maintenance etc
  20. @mannygathers2114: Every spider/ bug catcher 😂😂😂

- 5 Things I Love about Being a Corporate Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to my channel for the past two years I've been flying a Learjet as a captain for a part 135 operator in today's video I'm excited to share with you the top five things I absolutely love about being corporate pilot so let's Dive Right In number one in the list is the salary as a corporate pilot you can enjoy a competitive compensation package that reflects on the high level of responsibility and expertise required for the job I know there's some people out there that may say that we only press buttons and turn the autopilot on sure in a normal day that's how it goes I'm not going to lie to you but when hits the fan that is when our skills are put to the test there's no pulling over we have to perform and safely land the airplane in fact as a captain I go to school every six months and I am tested on my skills so the financial rewards make the hard work and dedication worthwhile as a first officer you can expect to earn anywhere from fifty thousand to eighty thousand dollars a year and as a new captain anywhere from one hundred thousand to one hundred and sixty thousand dollars a year but of course it all depends on the type of aircraft that you're gonna be flying and who you work for coming in number two are the incredible traffic works not only do I get to travel for work but we also get to earn Airline hotel and Rental Car points along the way these points can be used for personal travel allowing us to explore new destinations and create Unforgettable memories if you've been following me for a while you know that I'm originally from Spain and I literally get to travel to Europe every year almost for free I just have to pay taxes the rest I use points and I still have points left over to travel to other places number three in my opinion one of the major advantages of being a corporate pilot is bypassing overcrowded terminals instead we fly to fbos or fixed-based operators this this means no long lines or hectic airport routes allowing us to save time and maintain a smooth travel experience for me this is huge because I hate airport terminals and for the most part fbos are nice with clean restrooms free snacks and free coffee next on the list is the exciting opportunities to meet famous people or business tycoons as a corporate pilot you will often come across notable individuals who may be traveling on your flights these encounters can be inspiring insightful and provide unique networking opportunities I wish I could share some of the people that I've flown but as per my company's policy I'm unable to disclose who we fly last but not least experiencing new cities and Cuisine sometimes when we fly our passengers to their destination we get to stay with the airplane but unlike airline pilots we get rental cars that allows us to venture out experience new cultures save our local Cuisine and immerse ourselves in the beauty of different cities and there you have it the top five things I absolutely love about being a corporate pilot if you found this video insightful or you have any questions please let me know in the comments below also don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more exciting content thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @roycewall3663 [1 likes]: 💕 Promo_SM
  2. @RobertoAlvarado-ok6kq: How About Rosters ?
  3. @fighterbomberMiG27: Nice job man. I love this job too
  4. @15nutbuster: Hey man, I want to ask if you believe a college degree is needed to fly for a 135 operation? I keep getting mixed answers and I wanted to get your opinion. I’m a blue collar guy and I’m at the solo section of my ppl. I do not have a degree and want to see if it’s possible to get a 135 job with no degree thanks!
  5. @archanapadhee1797: Hii
  6. @mannygathers2114: 👍🏿
  7. @togen8032: It's not bad but an airline pilot makes more money in today's market. Unless the corporate world will finally match what the airlines are paying I am going for the 121 ops, even some of the perks you mentioned to sound enticing.

- The Hidden Challenges of Learning to Fly: Kind: captions Language: en Since the dawn of time, humans have gazed at the heavens, yearning to touch the clouds and soar like birds. Learning to fly represents a unique and powerful ambition. It's a challenge that calls to something deep within us. A desire for freedom, adventure, and mastery over a powerful element. The ability to take to the skies, to pilot a machine that defies gravity, is a thrilling prospect. It promises a new perspective on the world, a sense of accomplishment, and a journey into the unknown. But like any worthwhile pursuit, the path to becoming a pilot is not without its obstacles. While modern aircraft are marvels of engineering, piloting is not a passive activity. It demands physical coordination and stamina. The pilot is not merely along for the ride. They are an integral part of the aircraft. Their hands and feet working in concert to maintain control. Learning to coordinate rudder pedals, throttle, and yolk can feel like trying to rub your stomach and pat your head while simultaneously jumping rope. Add to that the physical forces experienced during maneuvers, and it becomes clear that piloting requires a degree of physical fitness and resilience. Beyond the physical, learning to fly presents significant mental challenges. Piloting requires intense focus, situational awareness, and the ability to make rapid decisions under pressure. The cockpit can be a highstakes environment demanding unwavering concentration and composure. One must remain calm and collected even when faced with unexpected situations. Spatial disorientation, changing weather conditions, and mechanical issues are just a few of the curve balls that can be thrown a pilot's way. Overcoming these mental hurdles is just as crucial as mastering the technical aspects of flying. Every pilot has a story about a flight that didn't go as planned, a moment that tested their skills and metal. These experiences, while potentially daunting in the moment, serve as invaluable learning opportunities. They highlight the unpredictable nature of aviation and emphasize the importance of adaptability. One pilot recalls a cross-country flight where they encountered a sudden and unexpected drop in altitude due to wind shear. Forced to think quickly, they adjusted their controls, regained stability, and landed safely. The experience, while jarring, reinforced the importance of staying vigilant and being prepared for the unexpected. Weathering the storm tips for aspiring pilots. Given these challenges, what advice can be offered to those determined to earn their wings? Firstly, be prepared to put in the work. Learning to fly requires dedication, persistence, and a willingness to learn from mistakes. Seek out experienced instructors who can guide you and provide constructive feedback. Secondly, embrace the importance of both physical and mental fitness. Regular exercise can improve stamina and coordination, while mindfulness techniques can help manage stress and enhance focus. Piloting is a skill that requires constant honing both inside and outside the cockpit. [Music] Finding a good mentor can be invaluable. Experienced pilots can offer guidance, share their own experiences, and provide support throughout your journey. They can help you navigate the challenges, celebrate the triumphs, and offer encouragement when the going gets tough. Seek out individuals who inspire you, who embody the qualities you admire in a pilot. Their insights and perspectives can be invaluable as you progress through your training and beyond. Remember, even the most seasoned pilots were once beginners, learning and growing from those who came before them. It's important to acknowledge the financial commitment involved in pursuing a pilot's license. Flight training, aircraft rental, and examination fees can add up. It's crucial to have a clear understanding of the costs involved and to budget accordingly. Research different flight schools, explore financing options, and consider scholarships or grants that may be available. While the financial aspect should not be a deterrent, it's essential to approach it with careful planning and consideration. Despite the challenges, the rewards of learning to fly are immeasurable. The feeling of accomplishment, the sense of freedom, and the unique perspective gained from soaring above the world are experiences like no other. It's a journey of self-discovery, pushing boundaries, and achieving a dream. For those who feel the call of the skies, the challenges are simply stepping stones on the path to an extraordinary adventure. The journey may be demanding, but the destination is more than worth the effort. To those who dare to dream of flight, embrace the challenges. Embrace the hard work, the dedication, and the unwavering pursuit of your passion. The path to becoming a pilot is not always easy, but it is a journey of incredible reward. So spread your wings, chase the horizon, and never stop reaching for the sky. Remember, the sky is not the limit when there are footprints on the moon. Fly high, dream big, and let your passion for aviation soar.

- Restoring the Deadliest Spitfire - Rare WWII Fighter Flies Again: Kind: captions Language: en It was the plane that helped win the Battle of Britain against all the odds. >> Anybody that doesn't get a buzz out of flying a Spitfire is clearly dead [music] from the neck upwards. It's an iconic airplane. I have to pinch myself every time I fly it. >> But 5 years after its finest hour, the Spitfire was transformed into a supercharged spy plane designed to fight its way into the heart of Hitler's Germany. >> They're the highest performance there is. You don't necessarily want to fly one every day cuz they're quite exciting. >> Now, after decades in a scrapyard, this rare version of Britain's most famous fighter is being returned to the sky. >> It's a bit of a jigsaw puzzle. We know what most of the pieces are. It's just making them fit in the puzzle. >> I don't think there's many people that wake up in the morning, actually look forward to going to work. It's bloody brilliant to take the trees. >> It's a tribute to the men who flew some of the Spitfire's deadliest missions. Captured in remarkable unseen color film shot by one pilot who didn't live to see the end of the war. Sellwell Aerad Drrome outside Northampton home to one of the UK's biggest collections of vintage war plananes. And today there's a new arrival. So this is a a Spitfire FR14. So it's a fighter reconnaissance Spitfire. It's got this lovely little window that we we're currently calling the Zenusi mod cuz it looks rather like a washing machine. And in here mounts an F24 oblique mounted camera. It's got the same window on the other side and it either points out one way or the other. So, in between flying a Griffin engine Spitfire, which is a bit of a handful at the best of times, he's basically got to put it into a turn and orbit what they want to take a picture of, remembering which side he's got the camera pointing out, whilst of course shooting down a couple of ME 109s or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off 190s at the same time. >> Engineer and pilot Richard Grace is a Spitfire expert. He's been flying them since he was 20. [snorts] >> Wonderful, wonderful airplane. the likes of which, as far as I am concerned, will never be matched. >> He's also flown most of the leading American and German Second World War fighters, but RM927 is a very rare warbird indeed. >> This particular airplane was built in uh very early 45. It was bought on service night, January 1945, and it saw lots of operational service in Europe at the time rather than in the UK. I think it was something like 40 missions. No kills to the best of our knowledge. Although like all of these things, the the actual history will come out of the woodwork as we go through the process. That's all part of the enjoyment of the job. So, we're contracted to get it flying uh inside 13 months, which is a bit of an ask. Um but if you can't take a joke, you shouldn't have joined. And yeah, I I I think it's doable or I wouldn't have said I could do it. >> Richard's team of engineers has taken on the task. South African Wade Hammond is in charge. Howard Burgess will do the wings and Lee Kingman will start on the tail plane. >> The tail is an original tail and that's the first bit we've started on. As a rule of thumb, you found that starting at the back and working your way forwards is usually the way to do things. And the hot tip is always do the bit you sit in last. Otherwise, you'll just end up sitting in it making the noises all the time. So, at the moment, we're just um we're removing all the skins off this fin for the Mark 14 Spitfire. You can see all this sort of jointing compound here. Over the years, it's just starting to corrode a little bit. So, before it gets much worse, we're just going to take all the skins off, clean them up, and then just put it all back together, really. >> 927 was sold to the Belgian Air Force after the war and sent to a scrapyard where it rusted away in the open for decades before finally being rescued. >> It's just sort of sat in a damp shed and just collected up loads of moisture. So, we think the best solution was to take it apart and do it again. really if I'm on it, you know, all day every day, probably a couple of weeks work and then once the fuse lodge has been painted, we'll bolt it onto the fuse lodge. >> And Richard still has to find some of the parts necessary to rebuild a rare Spitfire that went out of production 76 [music] years ago. To add to his problems, it was powered not by the commonplace Rolls-Royce Merlin engine, but by its rare, beefed up brother, the Griffin. >> As you appreciate, the climbing line is quite tight. We've got chunky bits like the two and a bit thousand horsepowers worth of Griffin engine on this one. So yeah, I' I've sourced one of those from the United States and that should be with us fairly shortly with any luck within months and then we can start fitting that out which is no mean feat in its own right. There's a lot of pipe work and a lot of other stuff. Uh radiators and oil coolers, they they've already been dropped off to get rebuilt. The the real critical thing for me is is getting it right because it is such a specific variant. If you want you do a steep turn, just a little bit of gentle back pressure on the stick. Once you go beyond about 30°, you need some back pressure. Up to that point, none at all. >> The SWwell hanger is home to a fleet of war plananes that are now earning a living thanks to a passenger boom. It >> was my 60th birthday. I am an [music] aviator and I've always wanted Spitfire. >> Okay. >> All happy. >> Happy. For the price of a business class flight across the Atlantic, anyone can book an hour in the back of a two seat Spitfire. >> Just under £3,000 for a 25minute airborne flight during which you can see, you know, every one of the Spitfire's capable off. But the airplane in its own right is not a cheap thing to run. I mean, you've got an engine rebuild every 500 hours. It cost quarter of a million US. Consumable things like, you know, the tail wheel tires alone are £700 a tire. So, it doesn't take very long to realize that your £3,000 doesn't go as far as you'd want it to. Warplanes run in the Grace family. When Richard's father, Nick, was killed in a car crash in the 1980s, his mom, Carolyn, taught herself to fly his aircraft and flew it until Richard was ready to take over the cockpit. Fundamentally, the business is based around this two seat Spitfire in which we do passenger flights year round. It's a Spitfire my father rebuilt from 1979 to 1985, and we've been operating it ever since then. just gone through a bit of a major rework where we changed the wing spars and a bit more than the usual in-depth routine maintenance. We've got a Mustang wing that we're rebuilding here which was damaged in an accident and we're just essentially completely rebuilding that wing. And then coming around further, we've got the the TF-51 Mustang which is the only two seat dual control Mustang in the country again which we operate for passenger flights and we do a bit of training in as well. And these two are the sort of airplanes you'll regularly see flying around out of sight. Well, we tend to fly them, you know, at least a few times a week. >> Today, I'm flying it four times. So, by the end of the day, it starts to feel like a comfortable slipper. >> Brilliant. >> Craig Carmichael from Hull flies Microlite planes, but today he's taxiing back to his family [music] in the most famous war plane of them all. >> How we doing? >> Spot on. [laughter] >> He can understand why these planes are so good. under the field. >> The actual maneuverability of them is fantastic. Did victory roll, some real sharp turns. I mean, I fly, but not like that. I have an aircraft of my own, but this thing's amazing. >> For pilots like Mark Levy, now retired after an airline career, it's a chance to deliver real [music] passenger satisfaction. >> Amazing. >> I bet you still can't believe you've done that, can you? >> No. It's a complete multiensory experience. They're deafened by the sound of the engine, the the radio, sun coming through the canopy, vibration, speed, geforces. I think people like now to have experiences. They don't want to own things. They want life experiences. And flying a Spitfire is a life experience. It's a box you've got to tick. >> This business helps make restoration viable. But it's also a passion fueled by meeting many of the men who flew wartime Spitfires and some of the women air transport auxiliary pilots who delivered them. So this is a signature from Mary Wilkins, a very well-known ATA pilot, and she delivered this airplane and then flew it a further two times between squadrons. She delivered around 400 Spitfires, maybe more. But yeah, it's it's just really nice that she lived on the Isis of White when the fuselage was being rebuilt. So she was able to swing by the hanger where it was being rebuilt and very kindly signed a name on the cockpit door and even the right way up so that when the doors open, you can read it the right way up. The Spitfire found fame in 1940 when together with the Hawker Hurricane, it triumphed over Hitler's Luftwaffer in the Battle of Britain. In the years that followed, manufacturer Supermarine constantly updated the plane until they'd increased its top speed by nearly 100 m an hour. By the end of 1944, the Germans were in retreat, and Allied generals desperately needed speedy intelligence on their troop movements. Once again, the Spitfire came to the rescue. The Mark 14 came about for the desire to go higher and faster, which is what it's really good at, and and and get up there very quickly. You know, it's got phenomenal amount of horsepower, great big fiveblade prop to really turn that horsepower into movement. And obviously they can outpace 90% of everything, but of course, you know, a Spitfire is a fragile airplane. A simple pot shot from someone on the ground, if they hit you in the in the radiator and the header tank, you probably got 5 minutes till you're going to be on the ground whether you like it or not. So yeah, you you you would feel very vulnerable definitely. >> [music] >> It's summer 2021, 6 months into the restoration. And for weeks, the [music] Sidewell hanger has been closed to outsiders due to CO. But inside its doors, the work has continued with the first coats of paint being applied to the rare warb bird in the spray bay. >> It's been designed to take a whole Spitfire wing and a whole fuselage, and we just do it component by component. What we found, of course, is that as the Spitfire developed, the camouflage pattern changes. [music] And so, we're spending a lot of time pouring over old photos and taking lots of measurements. And the idea is that when the airplanes rolled out, [music] it'll be a perfect replication of the camouflage lines that you would have seen if you were back in 1944. When the Spitfire Mark1 came along, they used two [music] colors, sort of green and brown, which was a color called dark green and dark earth. And what happened is around 1941-42 the war changed and instead of defending England over the green and brown fields they were flying over the channel. So they were looking at ways to make the the colors more suitable for those kind of operations. They're also flying at higher altitude. So a new concept was developed but it retained the dark green color from the Spitfire Mark 1, but they've replaced the brown shade with a kind of a a medium gray color which became known as ocean gray. In 1945, it took 13,000 hours to build one Spitfire using a [music] purpose-built production line. In 2021, CO is forcing the Sywall team to fall behind on an already ambitious schedule. There's just 7 months to go until delivery day. >> It's autumn and after a summer of lockdowns and social distancing, [music] the doors of the restoration hanger are finally open and the team [music] are desperately trying to make up for lost time. >> A vast amount has happened. The [music] internal external final finish paint is on as you can tell very nice and it's 430 RCAF markings exactly as it would have worn. We've got all the system pipe work going in which is all new. We're transferring all the tags over from original pipes onto the new pipes just to make sure it's fully authentic. Lee has completed restoration of the tail plane. It was all in very good condition and we didn't really have to manufacture any new parts apart from these fairings. But apart from that, it's completely original really. So we've painted it silver on the inside which kind of would have replicated bare metal during the war cuz they wouldn't have bothered painting it. You know, there's a war on so you didn't have time to paint it. No detail is too small to be restored. >> Even things like the pipe work are all driven. You can see they're original from their original little data tags in here just soldered on. So if you went to the Mark 14 book and looked up that number, that will say it's the pipe that sits in the tail. >> The Spitfire's wings were missing. So new ones from an earlier aircraft have been found and adapted to feed its thirsty engine. >> So it needs extra fuel. So, we put a couple of extra tanks in here and here, which are back tanks, and they'll fit into there and into there, and all be fed to the engine. While Howard looks after the wings, Lee is being switched to a rush job. The passenger Spitfire needs maintenance. >> All right, on your toolbox, don't we? >> His new workmate is his dad, who first introduced him to aircraft engineering. >> Supposed to be looking after him and his sister when they were really young. And I ended up taking down the hanger with me when we were at Duxford. And it's just he's had no chance since then. >> Game over from there. >> It was game over really. Bloody wish I've had a pound for every time we've done this. >> For an ambitious young engineer, it's a dream job. >> I don't think there's many people certainly at my age in their 20ies that that wake up in the morning actually look forward to going to work. I woke up this morning and thought, "Right, today I'm going to go into the paint booth. I'm going to get all the battery tray bits that I made the day before, which Mick, our painter, very kindly painted for us." So I riv it all together and I fitted it. You can just see it in the door there and and you what's not to like you know you come in and you you're quite literally building Spitfire very occasionally. Richard Archie to jump in the back and you kind of look out the window and think my job is to fix these airplanes and very occasionally go flying on them. You know I'm incredibly grateful for that and I will forever will be grateful. You know it's bloody brilliant to take the tra. There are [music] just 3 months to go until the first flight, and all the components of the Spitfire [music] are coming together, including its fuel system. >> Most of it is new, but there are some original parts in there. These two tanks, and obviously the ones on the other side give it an extra 50 gall. It's about an extra half an hour's flying anyway, which according to the pilots is good. Wade is preparing to attach [music] the wings to the fuselage. The steel pins that hold them in place must be a precisely [music] tight fit. These wings have never been on this airplane, obviously, and these spars are new. So, we have to remount the holes where the pins [music] go in so that we can get the new bushes in. But, it doesn't leave you a lot of tolerance. >> In the [music] cockpit, Lee has been fitting the pilot's controls. >> When we got all [music] this stick assembly, it was literally a box full of parts. And I looked at it and I mean I wouldn't tell you it was a split by control column but after after [music] weeks sitting on the bench measuring and cutting and making tiny little taper pins and bushes and fitting them all in and peeening them over just kind of completes the cockpit really. And even things like the rudder pedals with these really nice brass adjusters is just very typically British isn't it? It looks beautiful with this, you know, very classic Spade Griff. It [music] looks It looks really cool. >> The long wait for an engine for the Spitfire is finally over. A reconditioned Rolls-Royce Griffin producing 2,000 horsepower has arrived from America. >> Thankfully, there's a [music] company in California. They supply quite a lot of the engines we put in the airplanes, and luckily you can kind of phone them up and say, "I want one of these." And they've got most of them on the shelf. This one's becoming a bit more rare cuz there's not many of them around. The nice thing of it is I know that once it goes in, this piece won't be leaking oil. What we put in may still be. We will be fixing that later. >> The first Spitfire with a Griffin engine flew in 1941. With a capacity of 37 L, it could power 40 modern family cars. >> But it also makes it nicer cuz these sound nice. They sound a lot better. >> As well as the hugely powerful engine, the Spitfire's designers did anything they could to improve the plane's speed, including retracting all three wheels. >> I'm just fitting the tail wheel. Um, we've rebuilt the entire tail for the airplane cuz when we arrived it looked like it kind of came off the seabed. Um, so we've had all the tail planes off. We've had all the skins off. Lee's also had to rebuild the hydraulic pipes that drive the undercarriage. >> You know, cuz it's typically British. It's just something else to go wrong, isn't it? Um, I think it probably gained you maybe, you know, probably less than 10 knots in the cruise. But I suppose something's better than nothing, isn't it? >> But Wade has a problem. The wings can't be permanently attached until some vital components arrive. Surprisingly, we have the bolts, just not the nuts, and everything being Spitfire is all special. So, as soon as we get them, then we can put the landing gear in it, get the wheels retracting, get it back down on the ground. The deadliest Spitfire is taking shape. But there's only 3 months left and a lot of work to do. And Richard has promised 927's new French owner it will be ready for the 2022 air display season. He's a a youngish fellow, business owner, very, you know, very savvy chap, but an excellent pilot. I mean, a really, really great pilot. We've watched him fly at various air shows and he's super competent. So, he is an owner pilot who will really enjoy flying that airplane. People are buying these airplanes because in the past 10 years, these things have doubled in value. It was an article written in 2015 for the Goodwood Revival about how a really nice Spitfire was worth2 million pounds and we were there this year with one for sale for4 million pounds getting interest. So it it it's just going up in value albeit steadily but better than money in the bank. >> It's new [music] year 2022 in the SW hanger. >> We've got that push on. We have got the links that go from there to the cable. >> Yeah. And we've got the eyelet. This is all painted up and ready to go. >> Today, the cables that connect the ailerons to the control stick are going in. A job that largely relies on touch, >> but the next task is even more critical. Attaching the huge undercarriage legs. >> Yeah. >> Brilliant. There's a lot of angles in there to deal with. Um, whoever designed it was either very clever or very stupid. I can't decide which. Obviously, it's a very skinny wing and trying to get something very strong into a very skinny wing is is tricky. So, they've had to make it go up in a very specific way. There's an element of shimming and all that kind of stuff to get it to fit nicely in the wheelbaric system to deal with obviously which makes it go up and down. And setting all of that up and just rigging everything so that it works properly is yeah is a battle in its own right. The Spitfire's undercarriage was originally retracted by its pilot using a hand pump. By 1945, its weight required high pressure hydraulics. >> I'll [music] have this one. >> You can have that end. >> We didn't. >> The legs weigh 50 kilos and there's only room for two people under the wing. >> Just come. >> You didn't bring a hanger. >> I didn't bring [clears throat] That's it. Give her a She's going to go. Feel it. >> Need a hammer. [laughter] [clears throat] >> I got it. >> I'll get ammo. >> Wade and Lee must precisely align the leg in the wheel well. >> Hopefully this is it and [music] it stays in for keeps. Now we're getting there. We'll do the other side. >> The team at Swell have skills that all but died out 30 years ago. >> It's always a battle to get engineers. We're very lucky to have a very skilled workforce here. of really good people that all work hard and get along and we all get along with each other. It's a great environment. >> Come on board with the leg. >> Yes, engineers are hard to find. It's the right engineers. The real problem is is with what we do here. We don't currently have the time to train anyone. So if you want [music] to walk through the door and have a job on day one, I need to be able to say that Spitfire over there is broken. Can you go and fix it please? And trying to find people capable of doing that very very difficult. Just come down with the leg wave. >> Okay. Up ever so slowly. >> Towards the end of the war, Spitfires were almost a ton heavier than the first prototypes. It meant engineers had to develop very rugged landing gear. >> Much easier. >> This is the shock strut. So that be compresses as it lands. And this whole mechanism moves up and down inside the wheel well. Uh that would be the axle for the wheel. And then this mechanism of beer basically is the lock that locks the wheel down. And it also locks the wheel up once it's in transit and it's moving. This whole mechanism is kind of held in with this one bolt. It stops it [music] from moving in and out. And that bolt there is one of the weaker points on the Spitfire. >> The quest for speed also put massive strain on the aircraft's aluminium structure. >> All they did is they put bigger engines in. So the airplanes got heavier and heavier. [music] So all the locking mechanism, the bolts up there on this particular model are quite heavy. They're much bigger than the earlier ones. >> It's time to test the undercarriage. >> So all we're going to do is [music] turn the gearbox today so we can simulate the hydraulic pump moving. It's not as fast as it would be when the engine's [music] turning it, but it for purposes of what we're doing, it's just fine. So my little battery drill takes a bit of a beating, but it [music] does fine. And then it basically just going to spin up our accessory box. The Spitfire has just passed another significant milestone on the journey towards takeoff. >> Actually, it's going really well. We've got 2 and 1 half to 3 months left. The timeline's sort of okay. We're supposed to be done in April at some point, and I think we will be. We've been quite lucky that all of the structural elements have gone together really well. We haven't had any major dramas. No wings that wouldn't fit on fuselages and things that you dread. Everything's kind of connected and we're just in the process of dealing with the fuel system and some of the control system. Still got the tail feathers to go on and obviously all the removable panels to fit and things like that. But yeah, it it's getting there. >> But many hurdles remain and time is running out. Inside the Spitfire hanger at Sigh, business is booming. Winter is when warbird owners want their planes servicing. For Richard, authenticity is everything. In an era when the number of flying warbirds grows every year, he prefers to rescue real planes from [music] wreckage rather than create new ones. >> People are building two seats Spitfires from fundamentally nothing, which is a a sign that they are worth a lot of money and there aren't any around. [music] an original two seat Spitfire like that with, you know, that's got more combat history than any other surviving Spitfire and is pretty much 85% original now because we just changed the wing spars. It was 90, but now it's about 85. It's got to be worth 6 million at a guess, you know, but of course it's not for sale. Something like this Mustang, you're looking at at least £35 million again because you've got a very very usable airplane in the form of a Mustang, but actually this one's got two seats and two sets of control. So all of a sudden it's even more usable. >> Authenticity adds value and original wreckage can fetch a million pounds. But many Spitfires flying today are simply modern copies >> like gluten-free bread. It's very clever that someone managed to make bread look and feel like bread but with no gluten in it. In the same way that it's very clever that someone has managed to make a Spitfire from absolutely nothing. But gluten-free bread is not bread. And a Spitfire made from nothing is not, in my opinion, a Spitfire. >> Richard is now in charge of the family business. His mother has hung up her flying gloves and runs a cattle property in Australia. But their memories of the men and women who flew these planes are still fresh. >> It's special for me, of course, because my father rebuilt it, but special because it shot down the first enemy aircraft on D-Day. It shared half of the second aircraft on D-Day. It's got 372 combat hours, 176 operational sorties. We were we've been lucky enough because of the era in which it was rebuilt to have found every pilot that flew it during the war and after and fly them again in the airplane when they were in their 60s, you know. So, we got all the really good stories and all of the ground crew that ever worked on it, particularly with 485 Squadron, and fly all of them in it as well and get all of their stories, too. Um, unfortunately, all of them now have passed away. Those wartime pilots may have gone, but they live on in a remarkable film archive recently rediscovered in Holland. In 1945, as the Allies advanced into Europe, one young Dutch pilot, France van Ike, filmed his squadron at work and play. The RAF's Mark14 Spitfires were now so fast they were assigned to catch Hitler's V1 flying bombs before they could reach London. Some pilots even flew alongside them and overturned them with their wing tips. >> I think the tipping element I don't think they did so much. I think it was definitely more of a shooting down, which is a, you know, a brave job in its own right. Flying through the the deluge that comes off a V1 when you blow it up. Having seen the gun camera footage, absolutely petrifying, especially with your fabric covered elevators. You can sort of spin around and make sure they weren't on fire. But it was a mission that cost many pilots their lives, including Van Iikes. It's February 2022, 2 months before the promised delivery, and other aircraft are making way for 2 tons of Rolls-Royce Griffin, which is about to be installed into 927. >> So, there's lifting ours already on the engine, so most of the weight of the engine is about there. Uh, we're going to put a small crane on the front just so we can balance it out a little bit. And then it's actually only got four little bolts, so hopefully it all goes pretty easy. [laughter] Back's aching already. It's pretty close. It's going to come this way slightly. Okay, thank you. You just have to be careful. There's a lot of things that could go wrong. You don't even [music] want to start, but just have to be gentle. The biggest problem is if it doesn't fit, but it looks a bit tight at the moment, but we're not too bad. >> The engine must be precisely aligned to slot into the aluminium engine bearers that will connect it to the fuselage. >> Yeah. You know, you got to go up. >> Oh, yeah. A load. >> But there's a problem. The forklift truck won't fit under the wing. >> Okay, stop there. We might have to take something off a forklift. So, easy enough. All we have to do is get that one into there. So, we've only got to go another 6 in or so. And then [music] these are the pins that basically hold it together. It's a what they call a split push pin. So, he's tapered. Then he goes down the middle of them and expands him open in the holes. What's the hardest part of fitting the engine? Taking the mirror off the forklift. No, we're hitting something. >> I feel like we crash into something. >> Yeah, I know. It does feel like we're [music] crashing in something. >> However, Wade's enthusiasm to hit the deadline has just set them back. >> Yeah, just me being clever putting things on [music] that shouldn't be on yet. Um, but this is like a magical puzzle piece. It's like unlocking one of the doors so we can put a whole bunch of other parts on now. >> No, it's going to be okay. I got a good feeling. >> Magical big puff. >> Experience and a little muscle are inching engine and plane together. >> Still moving in yours? >> No. >> I think I just need to move the tail over a little bit. >> Maybe it's a fraction more actually. Mate, >> what are you caught on? You started now. >> Nearly got a hole. So, we're nearly ready to pop a bolt in. >> All right. Can I have a go? >> Almost. Let me just so in. >> Just like that. >> At last. Two of the four pins are in. >> So, there is a little bit of movement up and down. So, we can just sort of lower the lower ones into place. Come up half a pump. Looks pretty good. Got to go. There we go. We're on. >> We're just sending a picture to boss showing that we actually put an engine on without dropping it on the floor. >> But first, the fuel lines that feed the engine must be installed and connected. >> Because this engine's so big, they sort of had to move it as close to the firewall as they could to get the [music] center of gravity as far back as possible. So it leaves absolutely no room between the firewall and the back of the engine. So one of the biggest challenges is actually making all the hoses and pipes and things in the back here so that they don't hit the engine when you put [music] the engine in. >> It means weeks of intricate plumbing work installing pipes carrying inflammable fluids. >> They all kind of weave in the engine and around. So it's a bit of a jigsaw puzzle. We know what most of the pieces [music] are. It's just making them fit in the puzzle. One mistake at this stage could cause a catastrophic fire when the engine is first started. 927's restoration is entering its final but riskier stage. The magic of the Spitfire shows [music] no signs of fading. And in Surrey, another new vintage warbird is about [music] to take to the sky. >> We're going to Buddy Box on the next flight. So get a sense of our altitude. [music] I will have control. >> Pensioner Ed Sparks has built his own Spitfire [music] in miniature. >> My wife died 2020 and our daughter asked what I was going to do with last year's Christmas present money. And I said, "I have no idea. I've have no plans to spend it on on the holiday which we were going to spend it on." And a day or two later, I said, "I know what I'd like to do. I'd like to put it towards the flight in the Spitfire, which I've wanted to do for 30 years. >> In a few weeks, Ed is booked to fly in Richard's Spitfire. But first, he has a test flight to carry out. >> The last thing I want to do is crash this, which is why I've got a very experienced pilot to do the maiden flight. >> Where we at, Dave? >> Yeah, I think we're okay. I think we're ready to fly. Are we happy? >> Fantastic. Absolutely tickled pink. Brilliant. I've loved building it, but always the thing is, is it going to fly okay? And it flies beautifully. >> 4 minutes. It's [music] April and in the lanes of Hertfordshire, the last major component of Spitfire 927 is on the move. >> We have a nice new shiny propeller for our Mark 14 Spitfire. It's a fiveblade uh rot prop uh which they've pretty much made from new. Uh is an amazing work of art and we're going to go and put it on an airplane aeroplane shortly. He's bought me a really nice Easter present. It's an exciting day. I don't know when it had a propeller on way. 1950s I think when they last had a prop on was a while ago. >> There's two oil tubes that come from the front of the engine and then on the front of the propeller will put the cylinder and the piston on and then that will take oil from the engine and then it will pump oil either side of the piston to to vary the pitch to your desired setting. >> When you take off you need a finer [music] pitch to get more power on your takeoff and when you're in the cruise that obviously doesn't help you. So you need a coarser pitch for the sort of cruise and a faster speed. In 1940, [music] a Spitfire cost £10,000. Today, most of its individual parts sell for more than that. >> I don't know how much it cost, but it's lots of thousands. It's more than my more than my yearly wage. I can guarantee you that. >> Yeah. If you drive in there, then reverse that way. I have to be all right. >> Actually, a Spitfire propeller now costs in the region of £150,000. Nice. >> We're on. >> No, we're not a million miles off going flying to be honest. A month. A month, maybe less. >> Yeah, maybe less. >> 3 weeks. A month if we get cracking and don't drink too much beer. >> And the team are already beginning to worry [music] about the test flight. The Spitfire Mark14 had a fearsome reputation among its pilots. >> Putting that much power into it does make it a little bit more tricky. Obviously with such a big propeller, the gyroscopics and stuff make everything a bit more tricky, but it uh [music] it makes it go faster, but definitely not a Cessna. Despite having a cubic capacity of nearly 50 modern family cars, the Griffin is so precisely engineered that it [music] can be turned over by hand. How tight is this engine? Oh, that's lovely. The boys know how to build an engine. >> Then next one. >> You happy that's tight? >> I think so. >> I think one the last big thing to do really is the coolant [music] and oil pipes to run them in the right places and then check they're not leaking. Uh that's about it for running the engine really. Okay. So, I'll just manage [music] the bottom of it as best I can. You think? >> But Lee doesn't know his own strength. The streamline spinner now has a dent its designers never intended. >> Oh, yeah. [music] [laughter] In the front. Does it fit? >> I bet a few look dents actually. >> Yeah, you do. >> Just pop them out. >> Sorry. [laughter] >> Happily, the dent is soon smoothed out. An engine run is days away. Wade is a happy man. >> Yeah, pretty good. We've got a propeller. We fitted it. Now we just need to get all the rest of the puzzle pieces so we can make it turn around. >> That's very cool. On the other side of the airfield, another important flight is much closer. Ed Sparks is [music] getting ready for takeoff with exf pilot Mike Lyn. >> I mean, you're quite tall, aren't you, Ed? >> That's fantastic. >> It's fair to say I'm a little boy excited. >> That's it. You've got it. Okay. Down into the sea. >> It was that [music] symbol of freedom back in the 1930s and 40s. I think the name has something to do with it. It's quite a punchy, catchy name. And I think that name [music] Spitfire just it said so much about what people did in the summer of 1940 to endure the battle of Britain. So that's really where the magic of the Spitfire lives. >> Right. You ready, Ed? >> Yes. >> Best best noise and smell in the world coming up, I hope. >> Here we go. >> Wow. There she blows. >> Wow. >> Traffic Spitfire is rolling two on One rolling. Wow. >> Right. Are you ready for some aromatics, Ed? I'm going to roll now. >> Okay. Okay. >> And Ed's late wife, Jill, isn't far from his thoughts. >> Let's go and see if we can find Jill on this cloud, shall we? >> Hey, I have control. >> You have control. >> There you go. My hands are off. You are flying a Spitfire. Oh, there we go. Look over your left shoulder. Beautiful. There we go. >> After half an hour soaring over Northamptonshire, Ed's lifelong ambition has finally been achieved. >> Not my best landing, I'm afraid to say. >> Fantastic. Well done, sir. >> Thank you. It's been a pleasure. Absolutely brilliant. It's May 2022, a month after the Spitfire schedule completion date, and 927 is about to undergo [music] its final test before taking to the air the first engine run. Well, we're already late. So, like any good deadline, it's been a god. It was supposed to be done at the start of April, and here we are now, 2nd of May. But on a job like this, with the scale of [music] the job that was ahead of us, it's not unreasonable to be a month late. >> And inside the fuselage, Lee is still at work finishing the final touches. >> You know, modern day now use PE clips, but we want this to be authentic and look how it would have looked during the Second World War. So, we're spending hours and hours making these tiny little phonic blocks. >> WDE's busy with a critical part of the plane. This is a high stakes day. We're just checking out the movement in the propeller governor. So governor controls the pitch on the propeller. We're just it's buried down in the hole and I'm just making sure that's got the right range of movements. Really the primary danger is issues with the oil system whereby the engine doesn't get oil pressure even that for a short period of time and the engine's dead. You know, for a moment's lack of concentration, it you you'll kill it. >> For this crucial test, the boss is taking the controls. Is the fuel on? Okay. And if we check the oil level. All Just going to flood the car. But all is not as it should be. Time for a [music] second try. And the Griffin roars. For the first time in 75 years, 927 is ready to fly. Almost. I'm just monitoring the instruments to make sure that they behave how I want them to behave. So that means I want lots of oil pressure. I don't want the coolant temperature to be rocketing and I don't want the oil temperature to be rocketing. I want them to just be steadily warming up like any normal airplane. So essentially what I'm looking for is normality. And what the two chaps either side of it are looking for is anything that's falling out of it. >> Richard is still finding his way around an unfamiliar cockpit. >> A gen switch. We really need some black eyes. >> I was looking for it for ages. You don't want to start flipping switches, do you? Like they're loud old rough old things. Griffins, you do forget it's ear shattering in the cockpit. But I mean great ear shattering, but ear shattering nonetheless. But yeah, all all a success really. There's a couple of things that you just notice once something's running, things jiggle themselves around in the cockpit and go, "Oh, there's a washer we lost." Obviously, we've circulated all the systems. So, now we really need to have a a really good look at all of our hoses and make sure that we've not got any tiny little weeps and leaks and stuff. Obviously, also make sure we've not shaken anything loose. >> All that remains now is fitting the final missing parts. >> So, that dog bowl needs to go before the fuel tanks can go in. >> Yeah. I think it's going to be a brilliant airplane when it's done. These Griffin Spitfires are certainly from a performance standpoint, my favorite mark of Spitfire because they're the highest performance there is, but um yeah, they have their idiosyncrasies. You don't necessarily want to fly one every day cuz they're they're quite exciting. Finally, 14 months after the remains of Spitfire 927 arrived in the Sywall hanger, she's ready to fly. First flight of any restoration is always um a bit um I suppose nerve-wracking in a way, although of course we've checked and triple checked and quadruple checked everything, [music] so it really should be absolutely risk- free. But of course, this is the first time it's flown since the ' 50s, so undoubtedly there there's um some trepidation. >> The weather is perfect, but a last minute fault could still send the team back to the workbench. Everything must be checked and double checked. >> For me, this is the first Spitfire that I've been involved with start to finish on the restoration side. So, so it is it is bloody exciting. Um it will be, you know, it's going to be a good [music] day >> for the engineering team. It's a tense time. Um, we just copper wire in this little ball here. So that's the jest for the canopy. So you pull that and these little pins come out here and then the [music] canopy is is no longer present. >> The boss's life depends on the quality of their work. There are no more checks to do. >> Then it's pretty much all up to Richard. Really, not me. Don't mind it. Wartime pilots regarded Spitfires fitted with a Griffin engine as the hardest to fly. Dozens were lost in accidents as the torque of its huge fivebladed propeller force planes to [music] veer off the runway. 927 is scheduled to fly for just 30 minutes, straight and level with only gentle maneuvers, but this test flight will require all of Richard's skill. Yeah, M's got a smile on his face. That's always a good sign. Um, it's a rare sight. Get a picture of that. Have we go? >> But almost as soon as the Spitfire taxis out, there seems to be a problem. >> Is he coming back? >> Yeah, I'm tired. Yeah. The brakes, vital to slowing down the aircraft after landing, aren't biting. >> You need a bit of bite. >> And I don't know what to suggest other than maybe now it's done a bit of taxiing. >> Yeah. Pull that wheel off. >> Pull both wheels off >> and scuff the out the brakes. >> Typically with new brakes, they never work that brilliantly. Um, simply because they need to bed in a lot like the brakes on your car inside the first 200 miles. But of course, 200 miles of taxiing in an airplane takes quite a while. 200 mi of flying, not so long, but the taxiing would take quite a while. >> All the way around it. >> I'm with you. Yeah. Right, mate. >> Sandpaper should solve the problem, but the engine is also producing smoke. >> Black smoke is always fuel and white smoked oil. But yeah, it's just a bit rich. So there's a little n knob on the carb, so which you know, clockwise to give it more fuel, anticlockwise to give it less fuel. So just going to give that half a turn and try it now and read the book and just set the mixture up properly at this stage. >> You're in. >> Clear prop. India Victor runway 21 Victor service 320 degrees five knots. >> It's a moment of relief for the whole team as another Spitfire joins the worldwide ranks of just 60 flying survivors of Britain's most famous fighter. The rate of climb on it is truly staggering. That Griffin engine has just got so much power. And to give you an idea of the throw of the throttle lever is about a foot. We're using about 4 in. So, you know, if you actually open that thing up all the way, it it in the cruise, a normal Spitfire goes just under 200 knots. This is doing 230 knots. So, you know, you're talking a huge speed increase even at the low powers. Once you actually open the power up, you sit there and go, "Oh, wow. I'm doing nearly 300 knots in 11 flights. >> He hasn't come straight back. It's a novelty. >> Ask us again when he's landed. >> Exactly. >> That's all I'm going to say. I'm not going to say anything until it's landed. >> I'm going to put it out there and say it's the first time that a Mark 14 has really been done to the original spec. I mean, the power of it is just I mean, it's very hard to convey. You know, we've got similar horsepower airplanes. They weigh 5,000 kilos and this weighs half that with over 2,000 horsepower. I mean, it is just a hell of a cool. But of course, the Mark 14 performance-wise is probably one of the highest performing warb birds I've ever flown. So, they are um very exciting things to fly. >> So, a very short final land visual. The Tiger know, but I am landing. >> Nicely done. It's landed. It's not leaking. Okay. So, yeah, good to go. >> I remember it coming to the hanger and yeah, the bloody tail looked like it came off the seabed and the fuse log looked like a luminous yellow cigar and just some dodgy primer. And now to see it as a in my opinion a bloody nice looking airplane. [music] And to see it fly for the first time today, it's Yeah, it's bloody good. It's it's it's very rewarding. >> Everything's perfect. Yeah, it's perfect. Yep. Everything. VSI, everything. >> Beer is going to taste good tonight. >> It's nice. Did it fly a little bit? >> It does. Oh, yeah. I know. It's lovely. It needs a bit of rudder. >> The deadliest Spitfire [music] is on course still to be flying 100red years after it was built. A fitting memorial to the pilots who used it to write history in the sky.

- What Skydiving Taught Me About Fear | STORYTIME: Kind: captions Language: en skydiving is a really interesting confront with fear i got to stand up you go out the night before and you you know you take a drink with your friends and somebody says yeah we should go skydiving tomorrow and you go yeah we'll go skydiving tomorrow yeah yeah yeah and everybody goes yeah and you go home but you by yourself you're like [Music] right you're like well i mean they was drunk too so then that night you're laying in your bed and you just keep and you're terrified you keep imagining over and over again jumping out of an airplane and you can't figure out why you would do that so you get there and then you have the safety brief and you're standing there and the guys will tell you well if the shoot doesn't open what's going to happen is you're doing you well why the hell what could happen so you get onto the airplane and you're sitting there and and you know it's extra because you're sitting on some dude's lap some stranger trying to make small talk yeah man so you you you'll be jumping with people all the time huh so you fly and you go up to 14 000 feet and somebody opens the door and in that moment you realize you've never been in a freaking airplane with the door open terror terror terror terror and then people start going out of the airplane and the guy walks you up to the end of the thing and you're standing and your toes are on the edge and you're looking out down to death they say on three one two and he pushes you on two because people grab on three and you fall out of the airplane and in one second you realize that it's the most blissful experience of your life you're flying there's zero fear you realize that the point of maximum danger is the point of minimum fear the lesson for me was why were you scared in your bed the night before what do you need that fear for everything up to the stepping out there's actually no reason to be scared and then in that moment all of a sudden where you should be terrified is the most blissful experience of your life and god placed the best things in life on the other side of fear that was my experience with uh with skydiving and fear all right all right so practically speaking but i didn't like that take i'm going to do it again back to the top i can sell that better i can sell it back you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Icatchflights [3 likes]: I did the same Sky Dive Dubai over the Palm in 2021 after lockdown, its hands down the best thing ive ever done absolutely amazing
  2. @forexfriends7162 [3 likes]: I really love this , but to be honest I'm some how scared of the height . We Love you Will and wish you nothing but the best.
  3. @JJJJ-he8bz [2 likes]: You’re not afraid because your mind is so overwhelmed by the moment you don’t have time to fear.
  4. @timrussell9869 [1 likes]: Only skydivers know why the birds sing....
  5. @Margaret-u6q2m [1 likes]: You can't win under water do it in the air
  6. @henrikjansson-j9i [1 likes]: ❤🙌 🪂 🪂 🙌❤️
  7. @n.namaste [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @n.namaste [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  9. @Frederick-m1x [1 likes]: Too bad it didn't teach him anger management
  10. @TheJaweriaofficial: I did my first tandem skydive over a year ago and it was the best decision! 🙌🏼
  11. @Skyveonta2cool: Alright im sky diving and zip lining
  12. @ajypsyscreation: Here 7 years later watching😮❤
  13. @Oscareren: ❤❤
  14. @MarlineR-x4z: HELLO PAPPI ❤#WILLSMITH...I MISS YOU..FROM YOUR TOP SECRET UFO 👽🛸💎❌️📂🎑⚛️🇿🇦HUM DUM BOLLYWOOD PRODUCTIONS...⚛️💣💧🪻🧲🏴‍☠️📻🌊⛰️🌌🚩🔮🌆✨️⚖️🔔📿🛖🪵🛕☕️🔴🌙🙏#MALAIKA1971...✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️✨️MIRA CONSTELLATION..FOR MY DEAR #SADHGURU
  15. @JoshFernandes-z8y: Im the first one here in 2025 (almost 2026)
  16. @SparkyLesparky: This is a great family video. Thanks for sharing. ❤
  17. @HonorV2ultimate1tb: i always knew actors didnt have much brains.... it was pure luck they got their roles....
  18. @MikeWall-e6m: Don’t fear the knife that’s not going inside you.
  19. @chino_danny600: Is there a way to translate this into spanish
  20. @Digiitalex: Si alguien lo pudo lograr, yo también ❤️

- Flight Attendants Share Their Biggest Fears Mental Health Challenges: Kind: captions Language: en Ever looked at a flight attendant during turbulence and thought, "They seem so calm. Are they even scared?" The truth is, behind every calm smile is someone trained to stay composed while hiding real fear. From sudden decompression to midair medical emergencies and violent passengers, flight attendants face intense pressure daily. One survey even found that over 70% have experienced moments of deep fear while working in the air. In this video, we uncover the hidden anxieties they rarely talk about. The kind that keep them awake long after the flight is over. Being a flight attendant means living in a world that looks glamorous on the outside, but behind the curtain, it's a constant highwire act of emotional control and physical endurance. From the moment they step onto the plane, the pressure begins. Passengers expect perfection. They want smiling service, quick answers, calm reassurance, and everything just short of a miracle. all at 35,000 ft. Even when things go wrong, when flights are delayed, seats are double booked or turbulence hits hard, the flight attendant must remain composed. There's no room to snap back, no space to fall apart, just a practiced smile and steady voice, even when someone's yelling in their face or refusing to sit down during final descent. But the pressure doesn't stop with difficult passengers. Attendants are also responsible for managing unexpected in-flight events that can escalate from inconvenient to life-threatening in seconds. Imagine trying to quietly restrain an unruly passenger while keeping the rest of the cabin calm, or administering CPR in a narrow aisle while the plane jolts in turbulence. Every flight could bring something new. A sudden allergic reaction, a child having a seizure, a couple fighting violently midair, or a technical emergency that forces an unexpected landing. They must juggle it all while staying composed, alert, and professional. Because to the passengers, they are the calm in the chaos. And when the flight finally ends, the challenges don't. There's the exhaustion of long haul trips, overnight shifts that blur day and night, and the loneliness of being constantly on the move. Jet lag isn't just a nuisance. It becomes a way of life, wearing down both body and mind. Sleep happens in hotels. Rest is stolen between connections, and the body is often pushed to its limits. Infections spread quickly in the closed air of the cabin. Some face repeated exposure to radiation from high altitude flying. Others silently endure chronic fatigue. Back pain from dragging carts or anxiety that lingers after an emergency call mid-flight. They smile through it all, helping each passenger feel comfortable and safe, all while carrying the invisible weight of their own stress and fears. For most passengers, turbulence is an inconvenience, maybe a moment of nervous laughter or a tightened seat belt. But for flight attendants, it can be something far more serious. When the cabin suddenly jolts, trays fly, carts tip, and passengers scream, there's no time to panic. The unsettling drop in altitude isn't just disorienting, it's dangerous. A hard bump can throw a fully grown adult into the ceiling. Attendants often stand unsecured, walking the aisles when turbulence strikes, risking injury just to get everyone strapped in. And the worst part, they never know how long it will last or how bad it's going to get. Every second feels stretched as they force themselves to stay calm, hide their fear, and focus on safety. But turbulence is just the beginning. Medical emergencies midair are another deeprooted fear. When someone collapses at 35,000 ft, there's no ambulance, no doctor around the corner. Flight attendants become first responders. Whether it's chest pain, a seizure, or an unresponsive child, they must take charge. Assessing symptoms, administering CPR, using the defibrillator, and coordinating with the pilots to determine if an emergency landing is necessary. Every second counts, and every decision could mean the difference between life and death. And then there's the unpredictable human element. unruly passengers. One moment someone's quietly sipping soda, the next they're shouting, pushing, or even throwing punches. Alcohol, stress, and fear bring out the worst in some people. Attendants must deescalate with words, not force, even when they're threatened or physically assaulted. They're trained to manage chaos, to protect other passengers, to follow protocol, but every situation is different. And in a confined space with no backup, anything can spiral fast. These are the hidden fears that live in the back of every flight attendant's mind. The things they train for but hope never happen. the quiet weight they carry behind each calm command and steady smile. Behind the polished uniforms and cheerful greetings, flight attendants carry a heavy, often invisible burden. The toll their demanding job takes on mental health. The constant pressure to perform flawlessly, handle emergencies, and soothe anxious passengers creates a steady undercurrent of stress and anxiety that can weigh heavily over time. Without proper outlets or support, that stress can build, leading to burnout, emotional exhaustion, and even depression. Flight attendants play an essential, often underappreciated role in every flight we take. Their dedication goes far beyond serving meals or demonstrating safety procedures. They are the frontline guardians of passenger safety and comfort, navigating stressful and sometimes dangerous situations with unwavering professionalism. Time and again, they put the needs of others before their own, sacrificing sleep, comfort, and peace of mind to ensure everyone on board feels secure and cared for. It's important for all of us to recognize and honor the hard work they do, to show appreciation through respect, kindness, and understanding during every interaction. Small gestures of gratitude can go a long way in supporting these everyday heroes. Looking ahead, the aviation industry must do more to support flight attendants mental health and well-being. Fostering a culture that values respect, empathy, and care for those who care for us at 35,000 ft. By celebrating their dedication and advocating for better support systems, we can help ensure that the skies remain safe and welcoming for everyone, passengers and crew alike. Flying isn't just about the destination. It's about the people who make that journey possible. Flight attendants face fears and pressures that most passengers will never see. balancing safety, comfort, and their own well-being high above the clouds. The next time you board a plane, remember the strength and dedication behind those calm smiles. If you found this glimpse into their world eyeopening, don't forget to hit that subscribe button for more incredible stories from the skies. Share your thoughts or any experiences you've had with flight attendants in the comments.

- Surviving Tight Corners | A Pilot’s Story on Handling In-Flight Challenges | PrincessAnuTv: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hi guys, good day and welcome to today on Princess Anu TV. Hope you all are doing fine and great. Yeah, so I'm out for another recurrency. So yeah here in CA and you know there is a particular story but the instructor it's a true life story anyway so it's not like a like vague all those you know stories that they tell us in aviation and um it's it's brought some things to my knowledge how very important like some of these small small things that you can decide to take for granted can be and how Everything you built up if you're not careful might be lost just because you made one or two funny mistake. And you know he talked about this particular um aircraft accident that happened when a particular uh operator wanted the pilot to carry somebody that was drunk alcohol kind of intoxicated. So, uh, just in case you're new here, this is Princess I know TV. Anyways, we talk about aviation, motivation, and adventure. Just in case you're bumping on this video, you know, just for cutsy sake, thanks for coming here. So, as I was saying, giving you guys a story. So, uh, this particular person, you know, in corporate flying, you meet a lot of people like people that are sane, people that just because they have the money in their pocket, they want you to do things their way, right? So the uh the pilot said this person is drunk, right? And the the operator although we like say the owner of the company or something says if you don't carry him you lose your job. And of course he doesn't want to lose his job, right? And so he decided that he's going to carry that passenger that was drunk. He carried the passenger. The passenger was right behind his seat just because like he wanted to make sure this person is under control and you know some private jets small airplanes and all that you it can be like a six-seater it can be like a sevenseater it can be like an eight-seater I don't know I can't remember the the actual aircraft that he was talking about but you know this story just stuck because I'm like what so he carried that person and shot final 500 ft to short final. The guy that was drunk because he was kind of huge pushed the pilot and hit his head on the control yolk, bringing the aircraft straight to the ground like crashing the aircraft. Let's just go, let's call it the way it is. Bringing aircraft straight to the ground. The aircraft comes straight to the ground and guess what happens? The pilot dies. the the drunk guy dies and the people at the back did not die. So, they were the ones telling the story of what actually happened, right? And guess what? The family of the drunk guy sued the pilots. This guy is dead, right? He sued the pilots, collected every single dime that he had, collected his insurance, collected his um his uh uh education fund for his kids, his estate, like sued everything everything because you know what just like what we're discussing know we're doing advanced airmanship and some extra courses and he's talking about the fact that some things are not worth it yes probably you don't want to lose your job or you don't want to you're just like okay I think I can manage that thing can lead to something else imagine everything like including this this family that sued also sued and collected his insurance. You know, as pilots, you're insured. Not only pilots, flight attendants are insured, engineers are insured and all that. They collected his insurance because why the captain should have decided not to carry that guy, right? He should have said, "No, this is my cockpit. I decide what is going to happen or saying that no, this guy's too drunk. I am not going to take off with this particular passenger." But what he's like, "Okay, okay, okay." He carried the guy and lost his life, lost everything, lost even what he has been working for years for his family. You know, I'm just thinking about that story and what's coming to my mind is this this this eviction is very delicate. You have to be serious about everything and you also have to be very careful. Don't put yourself in tight corners. So just in case you are you know coming on board or you're thinking of coming on board have always have it at the back of your mind that whatever step you take or whatever thing you do is going to affect a lot of people not just the people but families and not just families your own family will be affected so it's a very serious game and game am I calling it a game no it's a serious kind of life and we need to give it as much seriousness and take don't take anything for granted like it's just like I don't want to add the other stories or aircraft investigations and all that we also discussed like in our previous classes when low visibility situations and you know all those kind of stuff and I'm just like thinking like some situations you be like this person should have been in a better situation but it's easier to say when you're not the one the show so we're not quick to judge we're not quick to say oh this person should have done it this way or but there just some things that you tell yourself, calm down, take it easy. Is this worth it? Is this worth my life? Is this worth my, you know, you need to think as you're coming into the I don't know. But for me, I I always pride myself in the fact that I am always ready to learn because you know, you need to know yourself. It's called is self assessment. The more when you fly, when you do your stuff, you have to tell yourself, do I know myself? What can I do? What can I not do? What do I want to avoid? What you know that kind of stuff. So I always want to learn when I see people gather talking about something one approach happen one kid like please tell me and trust me after they tell me I'm always thanking them because there's always a learning stuff when someone says oh we had carried out a mis because of this or we landed in this place something happened or they say oh they had a safer check or they asked for this or this operator I'm always trying to learn one or two things because in this industry if you don't keep learning you face out and yeah, see what I got here. Embra 145. Who wants to play Emra 145? So guys, I just thought I should drop this quick. Is it a quick story? I don't know. I just thought I should discuss this with you and tell you how critical and and and how serious you should take this your flying career. Especially for those in flight school and those that are coming out of flight school because one thing can change the course of your life and we always want the best by the grace of God. So till I see you next time on the same channel obviously. Yes. Keep watching Princess TV. Don't forget to like, subscribe, share. That's how we do it. Bye guys. Is it okay?

  Top Comments:
  1. @captain_Dan [1 likes]: Omo 😭😭💔
  2. @Jamie123-p4h [1 likes]: Hmm,speaking of which, just curious though madam,  At what age range did you finish from NCAT and how can or has that Age affected your career as a pilot?
  3. @gowsolutionsandentertainme7917 [1 likes]: That's so ridiculous now
  4. @Solokhay: Auntie,Good evening ma

More grace

- Staying Focused Will Save Your Life | Pilot Advice: Kind: captions Language: en it's the situational awareness special so grab a seat grab your favorite snack and let's talk about how to be a better [Music] pilot welcome back to Grant's pilot advice I want to sincerely thank all of you for watching I hit 50 subscribers last week and this is my 10th video so being a milestone I wanted to do something special today we're going to expand on last week's video and talk all about situational awareness chapter 2 in the FAA Pilot's Handbook of Aeronautical Knowledge defines situational awareness as the accurate perception and understanding of all the factors and conditions within the four fundamental risk elements pilot aircraft environment and type of operation that affect safety before during and after the flight wow that's a lot of words let's make that easier to understand we can pretty much summarize that as you have to understand the big picture of the FL so how is the pilot how is the airplane how's the weather and so on and so forth knowing what is happening now can help the pilot better understand the impact of these elements on the future of the flight this is called being ahead of the airplane we can think about what's going to happen and prepare accordingly for example we're on an IFR flight plan we get the weather at our destination airport and we hear that the airport has also defined a Runway and approach to expect we can use this information to select and load an approach into our flight plan long before we even reach the airport a loss of situational awareness occurs when a pilot fixates on one thing losing sight of the big picture this can happen due to any number of factors including stress fatigue and task saturation now you've gone from being ahead of the airplane to behind the airplane which is a very very dangerous position to be in a lot of accidents that happened due to Pilot Air occur as a result of a loss of situational awareness for example Eastern Airlines flight 401 crashed in the Florida Everglades due to a loss of situational awareness during the approach the indicator for the nose landing gear did not illuminate telling the crew that the gear was not down and locked the crew then became so focused on troubleshooting this indication no one noticed that the autopilot had inadvertently disconnected and the airplane had begun to descent by the time someone noticed The Descent they were so far behind the airplane they didn't have enough time to process what was happening and then react to it before they crashed the crew lost sight of the big picture because they were so focused and fixated on troubleshooting what ended up just being a burnt out light bulb the best way to maintain situational awareness is to not get into a situation where you may lose situational awareness if you have any concerns or doubts about the the flight then just don't fly like I've said before and I'll say again it's better to be on the ground wishing you were in the air than in the air wishing you were on the ground when you're in the air stay ahead of the airplane do your prep work early to reduce your workload later this includes setting frequencies or programming the GPS use basic attitude instrument flying techniques when you can't see outside there many ways to do this but this is how I prefer to do it I focus on the attitude indicator and I take quick glances to each instrument outside of the attitude indicator reentering my focus on the attitude you don't want to fixate on one indication but you want to look at it long enough that you can understand and interpret what's happening it doesn't matter if your airplane uses gauges or electronic flight displays the same process applies ignore what your body is telling you and trust your instruments above all just stay calm and stay focused I've got a quick personal story for you which really tested my ability to maintain situational awareness I was on a cross country flight Solo in some pretty hard IMC at night it was very difficult conditions but I made sure to keep my focus inside on my instruments using my basic attitude instrument flying skills and I was crosschecking my position between my iPad and onboard GPS to make sure I was on the right track I received the weather at my destination airport as soon as I could pick it up and and I listened for what runways were in use I chose an approach based on the weather and runways in use long before I was ever in contact with a local controller I made sure to do my prep work a lot earlier than I needed to since descending through the clouds would really increase my workload this enabled me to focus on just flying the airplane good Pilots are always aware of the task at hand maintaining your situational awareness will enable you to be a much better pilot and a much safer pilot be smart pay attention and don't lose sight of the big picture if you have any questions leave them below I see your suggestions for future videos so keep them coming subscribe to my channel so you don't miss those future videos and check out another video while you're there leave a like on this one and share to spread the good word about maintaining situational awareness thanks so much for watching fly safe and never stop learning

  Top Comments:
  1. @buckeye2140: Great video! Not losing the big picture is advice that even non-pilots can use!
  2. @JenWil-w9p: Very insightful 🔥

- 6 Emotional Checks Pilots Do Before Flying (You Should Do Every Morning): Kind: captions Language: en What if the biggest threat to a pilot isn't bad weather, mechanical failure, or even human error? What if it's something they felt that morning before they ever left the house? In 1997, a Korean Airflight crashed into a mountain in Guam. All 228 people on board died. The plane was fine. The weather was manageable. The crew was experienced. But something was wrong long before that plane left the ground. And the investigators who spent months piecing together what happened found something that changed aviation forever. Something that has nothing to do with mechanics. Everything to do with emotions. Chapter 2. Here's what's terrifying. The checklist they created after that crash. The one that now saves thousands of lives every single year. It was never designed for pilots. It was designed for you. And by the end of this video, you're going to understand exactly why. Because the same invisible force that brings planes down from the sky is quietly destroying your decisions, your relationships, and your performance every single day. And you don't even know it's happening. Chapter 3. Pilots have a pre-flight checklist every single time. No exceptions. They check instruments, fuel, weather, systems. But the most elite pilots in the world, military, commercial, test pilots, they check something else first. Something that doesn't appear on any official aviation document. They check themselves, their emotional state. their mental clarity, their internal weather, because they know something that most people never learn. Your emotions are not just feelings. They are data. And if you don't read that data before you make decisions, you will crash. Maybe not literally, but in ways that cost you just as much. Chapter 4, section one, the invisible cockpit. Here's something that will permanently change how you see yourself. Every single morning, you sit down in a cockpit. You don't see it, but it's there. You have instruments, your focus, your judgment, your patience, your confidence. And just like a real cockpit, if any of those instruments are malfunctioning, everything you do that day is compromised. In aviation, they call it imsafe. Six letters. Six questions every pilot is required to ask themselves before they are allowed to fly. Illness, medication, stress, alcohol, fatigue, emotion. This checklist wasn't created because pilots are weak. It was created because pilots are human and humans in altered emotional states make decisions that kill people. Now, think about the last time you made a major decision while exhausted or sent an email while angry or said something you regretted the second it left your mouth. That wasn't a lack of intelligence. That was a malfunctioning instrument. And nobody told you to run a pre-flight check. Here's where it gets even more interesting. Chapter 5. Researchers at Harvard studied over 3,000 workplace decisions over 5 years. What they found was almost too uncomfortable to publish. 65% of costly workplace mistakes were made within 2 hours of an emotionally disruptive event. 65% not because people were incompetent, because they were emotionally compromised and didn't know it. Think about that for a second. More than half of the worst decisions you have ever made probably happened while you were still emotionally activated from something that already happened. You were flying with a broken altimeter and you didn't even know. Chapter 6, section two. The Korean air crash and what really happened. Let's go back to Guam. August 6th, 1997. Korean Airflight 801. The captain had been awake for over 20 hours. He was under extreme institutional pressure to land on time. He was operating in a culture where junior crew members were not empowered to challenge a senior captain's decisions. When the first officer noticed something was wrong with the approach, he said nothing forceful enough to change course. The captain's emotional state, exhaustion, pressure, ego had effectively silenced the entire cockpit. The National Transportation Safety Board investigation didn't just blame pilot error. They blamed emotional environment, the way feelings were managed or not managed inside that cockpit. And here's the part that should stop you cold. That same dynamic plays out in offices, in homes, in relationships, in your own head. Every single day, someone doesn't speak up because the emotional atmosphere is wrong. A bad decision goes unchallenged because the person making it is in an emotional state that has closed them off to feedback. You push forward on something that isn't working because emotionally you can't afford to be wrong right now. The cockpit changes. The crash doesn't. But what came next after the investigation? That's where everything shifts. Chapter 7. Here's a question nobody asks. If pilots have to run an emotional checklist before they're allowed to fly a plane, why don't you have to run one before you're allowed to make decisions that affect your entire life? Why is it acceptable to walk into a job interview, a difficult conversation, a financial decision, a parenting moment, completely emotionally unchecked? The answer is uncomfortable because nobody ever told you that your emotions need to be audited. They told you to be professional. They told you to control your feelings. But control without awareness is just suppression. and suppression is just a delayed crash. Chapter eight, section three, the six-step emotional perry-flight checklist. This is the part that changes everything. The imsafe checklist adapted for everyday high performers is not complicated, but it requires honesty. Real honesty, the kind most people avoid. Here are the six checks. Check one illness. Not just physical illness, emotional illness. Are you carrying unresolved conflict, unprocessed grief, lingering resentment? Because emotional wounds function exactly like a fever. They spike your reactivity. They slow your processing. They distort your perception. Ask yourself, is there something emotional I haven't dealt with that is going to leak into my decisions today? Check two, medication. In the emotional context, ask this, what am I numbing right now? Scrolling, overwork, drinking, avoidance. What are you using to not feel something? Because whatever you're numbing is still in your system. It's still affecting your judgment. It's just underground now, invisible and therefore more dangerous. Check three. Stress. How full is your stress tank right now? Pilots know that stress is cumulative. You don't walk into a cockpit fresh every day. You carry yesterday and the day before. The same is true for you. If your stress tank is at 90% before the day even begins, any additional pressure will push you into dangerous territory. Rate your stress level right now out of 10. If it's above 7, you need to acknowledge that before you make a single significant decision. Check four, alcohol. Pilots cannot fly within 8 hours of drinking. Some airlines require 24. The rule exists because alcohol impairs judgment in ways the person affected genuinely cannot detect. Now ask yourself, what is your emotional alcohol right now? What have you consumed? What conversation, what news, what social media, what argument that has impaired your judgment today? Because outrage is a drug, anxiety is a drug, comparison is a drug. and all of them impair your decision-making in ways you genuinely cannot fully detect from the inside. Check five, fatigue. This one almost nobody takes seriously enough. Sleepd deprived people perform cognitive tasks at the level of legally drunk individuals. This is not metaphor. This is neuroscience. And yet people brag about running on 4 hours. They treat exhaustion like a badge of commitment. It is not a badge. It is a broken instrument. When you are fatigued, you are less creative, less empathetic, less patient, and less capable of accessing the prefrontal cortex that makes rational decisions. You are flying on autopilot. And autopilot in human beings is almost always fear-driven. Check six. Emotion. This is the final and most important check. What is the dominant emotional weather inside you right now? Not what you want it to be, what it actually is. Pilots can't fly in a storm they refuse to acknowledge. And you cannot navigate your day through emotional whether you refuse to name. Are you carrying anger, fear, grief, shame, envy? Name it out loud or on paper because research from UCLA shows that naming an emotion reduces its intensity by up to 50% in under 90 seconds. The act of naming is not weakness. It is the single most powerful pre-flight action you can take. Chapter 9. Now here's the part nobody tells you. Running this checklist is not about feeling better before you act. It is not a mood improvement exercise. It is not self-care. The purpose of the pre-flight emotional checklist is not to make you feel good. It is to make you aware. Pilots don't run their pre-flight check hoping the weather is perfect. They run it so they know exactly what conditions they are flying in. Because a pilot who knows they are flying through a storm is 10 times safer than a pilot who thinks the sky is clear when it isn't. You don't need to fix every emotion before you act. You need to know what emotions are in the cockpit with you. That awareness alone changes everything. That alone is the difference between a controlled flight and a controlled crash. Chapter 10. Here's something that might genuinely disturb you. The people most convinced they are not emotionally affected by something are almost always the most affected. This is called emotional blind spot bias. And it is exactly why the most dangerous pilot is not the one who admits they are stressed. It is the one who insists they are fine. Ask yourself honestly, when is the last time you said, "I'm fine." when you were not fine and then made a decision from that place and how did that turn out? Chapter 11, section 4. How to actually run the checklist. Here is exactly how to build this into your life. Not as a journal entry, not as a therapy session, as a 60-second daily audit. Every morning before you start your day, before you open your phone, before you check email, before you speak to anyone who needs something from you, sit still for 60 seconds. Run through the six checks. Illness, medication, stress, alcohol, fatigue, emotion. Give each one a number from 1 to 10. One means clear skies. 10 means do not fly. If any check comes back above seven, you flag it. You don't fix it necessarily. You flag it. You tell yourself, I am flying through turbulence today. I need to be more deliberate. I need extra checks. I need to communicate more carefully. I need to be slower. That's it. 60 seconds. That's all that stands between you and a preventable crash. The most elite pilots in the world don't skip this because they're busy. They know that the busier the day, the more essential the check. And here's something that will make this click permanently. Chapter 12. The Korean Air Crash changed aviation. After the investigation, Korean Air completely rebuilt its culture. They brought in training from Delta Airlines. They changed how crew members were allowed to communicate. They made it not just acceptable, but required for junior crew to challenge senior pilots. They made emotional safety a technical priority. Within 3 years, Korean Air went from one of the most dangerous airlines in the world to one of the safest. Not by hiring better pilots, by changing how emotions were handled in the cockpit. Now, think about your life. Think about your relationships. Think about your career. Think about the decisions you've made this week alone. How many were made from clear skies? How many were made in a storm you refused to acknowledge? How many people in your life, your children, your partner, your team, your colleagues, are riding in the back of a plane being flown by someone who hasn't run a pre-flight check in years. This isn't dramatic. This is the most practical question you will be asked today because the cost of ignoring your emotional state is not abstract. It shows up in the conversations that went wrong. The opportunities you missed, the version of yourself you couldn't access because you were flying blind. Chapter 13. Conclusion. Here's the truth that aviation learned the hard way. Checklists don't exist because pilots are incompetent. They exist because humans are capable of extraordinary things. And those extraordinary things require extraordinary awareness. You are capable of extraordinary things, but not if you keep climbing into the cockpit without checking whether you're fit to fly. The pre-flight emotional checklist is not a luxury. It is not for weak people. It is not therapy. It is the most performancedriven habit you will ever build. 60 seconds, six checks every single day. The pilots who walk away from difficult flights aren't lucky. They are prepared. And preparation starts before the engines even turn on. Start your check before your day starts. Know your weather before you fly. Because the most dangerous flight you will ever take is the one where you tell yourself you're fine when the truth is you haven't checked. If this hit different than you expected, you might want to watch how Navy Seals name their emotions to stay calm under fire. That video goes even deeper into exactly why naming what you feel is the single most powerful tool high performers carry. The link is right here. And if you've been silently nodding along to this entire video, comment the word cockpit below. It tells me this reached you and it tells the algorithm this video is worth showing to someone else who needs it. If you want more videos like this, videos that give you the real frameworks that high performers use, stripped of the fluff, subscribe because the next one might be the most important 60 seconds of your Fight.

- Retired Pilot Capt Shuja Rizvi Shares 40 YEARS of Flying Experience! | Social Untold 21: Kind: captions Language: en Today we will talk about their basics. About the experience itself has years of Experience of flying to do all the preparations to all my college friends after I told him that brother, I am going, my Gaya Admission He Had Some Issues With The Eye Side and theirs did not happen and he was so dis I flew the Harton for 25,000 hours in 4 years. Have you had any airline experience? Someone is refusing him and also suggesting him. He is saying that brother, I cannot go here. But she's a gogo, I can go I can go to the lake, why don't I? Now the technology on which these I have already started researching and trying to do that. It is being said that he will also remove both the pilots. If given, it can be controlled from the ground. Jaye Hi everyone welcome to Social Untold today The special guest of our video is a pilot. Captain Rizvi sir, thank you for your welcome. Thank you very much for inviting me Most welcome, today we will talk basically He is talking about his experience Years of experience of Flying we'll talk that with PI How has their work experience been? There will be a lot of discussion, let's time Into the video Today, okay, first of all, let's talk about you. Explain how you became interested. Where do you get to become a pilot? It was generated, now this is a very old thing of interest I have very few childhood memories that I remember, but it's something that I still remember this pilot of mine. Whatever it is, it was my passion, okay, and I did this Where did I pick up passion when I was in school? I was in my young age, we There was an air base near the house where I was very keen to go there. When I looked, ships were coming and going. If he were there, his voice would be obviously fascinating. It is of jet aircraft but most What fascinated me the most was was the pilot's I don't know if people will understand the uniform. Exactly how it is but the fact remains that That fascinated me so much, Pilot. uniform that I wore when I completed my schooling completed it And Lebanon I came I did my intermediate in college After completing my intermediate, I started my own But I applied once. Vacancy came was for the Air Force or I did for him Apply If you do that, then all their tests etc. will be done there. clearing one of his finals He gets selected in which he also gets ISS. It is said that when he cleared it, then Coming to the medical grounds, he just One said that there is a murmur in your heart. So you can't become a pilot, so that's my There was a question in my heart as to what had happened. It has meant me for life that I will no longer be able to become a pilot and I not wearing uniform If I can, I will come back and then I I started talking to doctors and saw They put me on this ground These were also some close relatives who He was in the forces, so I talked to him too, and he He said, son, when she gets selected then this Tight and criteria come that in it Then whether to keep someone or not depends on his Then again he is looking at small things. It happens that the brother who is absolutely the fittest If the one who is fit in every respect is kept then Thus he said that But you all respect me. Meaning you can become a pilot and fly a plane. Aircraft I Done Have to Be Military Jet You can fly commercially just like me with my brother I smuggled it in because I had this hobby. And I did it and this is what happened to me But I have done a thorough investigation. And I know I can be that brother. Those who were mine were big in London. Brother, I mentioned it to him after that Then I joined my college and completed my I started my graduation and got my degree there. After completing my intermediate, I went for my degree in that when I did my After graduation, my brother told me that yes Shaj yours I Admission has been made And you can apply for the visa and you can come And Start Your Fala Training here in Oxford or and that Was such a shock. I mean, right now that's my degree. I had come back after giving the exam and doing everything. within a week I made all the preparations and all the preparations After doing this, all my college friends I told him that brother I am leaving, my I got admission and he himself told me to do a sea off with fanfare threw a party for me and sent me away Diya and I I Lad withan after my exams gaju bsc k I went straight to Oxford to give my exams and From there I joined the course. Imagine the excitement You can't imagine me to be that alpha I can't explain it but the thing is that it Everyone has their own opinion about which the way I tell myself I am sure I was very lucky Allah has given me my has helped or God was very kind to me or That you know everything was falling into place I Thought I had given up but not you second The path is made, never give up Show Never Give Up or Definitely I Missed one of my school friends he really Wanted to join Air Force but at that school You left me and went away, you know, now I am and I think we were around in Class seven and eight, so maybe in the Air Force. Do you take a joinee on time or something? If something like this happens, they left but after Vacation Summer Vacations I Think Then He Joyed Back and then we got to know that he had some Issues with the iSight And his did not happen and he was so dis Horton like that I can imagine when you You said Nana that if it could not happen to you then Just that one memory came to me, not all at once. They're just weird coincidences, but that That's what I was saying, Oxford Air The training school is located in Kidlington which is one of the UK's I think top most Is it or did I end up training from within it? I got my commercial pilot license with Instrument rating and that I got in 1979 I did it in 1979 or so and then from there I applied for jobs and All over the world, I got a job in Scotland OK Airline The Logan Air I think the addin is bad based or Glasgow based at the time they used to operate Small Aircraft Between Shuttle and Islands North of England OK oil fields were There and there for them that sea plane type There used to be o You could have landed it in the sea as well. I also worked with him for three months. I flew with him and then I kept looking at him again It was a big hope that I would get an airline job. I don't know how long I will do this for the airline. This is not an airline job, where am I? I am doing it and ittefaq I saw an ad in the newspaper. That was PI's Pakistan International Airlines And since I came from Karachi, I wanted to go back to P.I. I applied in In 1980, okay, in 1980, I applied. And the requirement there is civil Aviation which controls Pakistan The licensing authority of what is called e.g. UK's CA is UK's, India's is its own and And generally this is the selection criteria for everyone. There is only one, basically yours Let's look at the qualifications and then see why. that you were medically fit at that time The fitness level I was required for This is what happened when your heart, your lungs your blood your I should be a standard, they should be broken up Standards are now quite low. As research progressed, people Above that, you can also see the site that came in it. Now you can become a pilot even with glasses. This didn't happen before, now it is Even if you had hard conditions Now you can fly even in hard conditions. Can fly as a pilot too Given if it's well managed or something like that Is it a situation or is it obvious? The license requirement of a pilot So in our CA, that is Avery Six Months We Have to Go Through the Medical Regardless, Avery Pilot License in CA has to go through a medical check up every Six In that sense, he can monitor the month from there. There must be some trend coming up too. Somewhere in the middle, you're feeling someone If there is any problem in something then Then it is grounded, it is okay called Get It Sorted Out and then Accordingly, we decide how long it will be. one day, two days, one month, three months Is surgery required now? I am looking at my colleagues who are Meaning we were also hard bypassed and I mean one After years they were allowed to fly Aircraft give back back online meaning if If you resolve your medical issue than you can fly but you can but that Happens Only Once You Are already flying okay you if you are Uplight pilot holds onto the top of that stage A little medical restriction is enough It's a little difficult or you have to have Fitness level of Class 1 or that they have Category Class One Class Two for Medical For the pilot, there is a class one in it. Medical needs if you meet someone Requirements Then you will need to become a credit card holder. The pilots induct, okay, okay, and this. How come I joined PI so quick Question: It is necessary to be a graduate and Not when this requirement was initially It was quite relaxing Especially inside Pakistan, there are many I was relaxed because there were so many If there were no qualified people then slowly As he gradually got better, he raised its standards because initially Most of the people who were in the airline that was formed Pilots who were given mostly from the Air Force Background of his life inside the Air Force Requirement is Matriculation, Intermediate and Graduation and Air Force have their own So it is not I think of any college game He doesn't have those degrees etc. but now Now it has become mandatory to have minimum qualification Required For a pilot to join an airline is a Graduate Okay, he can be a graduate in any Subject ok i design have to be physics Chemistry, Maths and he could be in Arts only could be in medical he could be anything but Equal to that graduation you can apply For a pilot license okay and then language. There must be an issue that you need to listen to. Spelly If You Are Traveling Internationally, the language which is universal The language of aviation is what it is called English or whatever it is in the whole world You go to China, Russia, America, or English in the Arab Middle East, anywhere you go is the universal language and you have to Speak English OK if you can't speak English: Say You Will Not Be Allowed to Fly International OK You May Be Allowed to Fly within the country but not outside, okay, but now Because all the training that is going on is like The training that is also taking place in China People from all over the world are going there. Go to the Philippines for pilot training Are going to America United Coming to the Kingdom wherever you go Now the language is English, it must be You should come and if you have left the country If you don't want to go out then you can do that. Now the requirement of Go Butt license is Or there is a requirement that you should be Able to speak English ok ok a quickly I'll touch down at the edge I don't think There is a range of ages that you can do from this age You can apply in between because there are many All of the Air Force You said that he is a retired pilot and he should also join. If you live in commercial then there Retirement should happen at different ages. It is not necessarily the same as what is meant by PI. I have criteria inside me which I You know that you are 18 at the induction stage. Years Minimum age should be 18 years and above Your retirement age is the PI of a pilot. I am 60, okay, 60 years old, okay who you are If there is a shortage of pilots in it then You Can Continue Flying Up Till the Age of 65 You can fly up to 65, okay. But after 65, it again became the law of the whole world. It is universal that you are a commercial pilot You can't fly anymore than you can. Fly a cargo airplane with passengers There won't be those planes you can fly These different countries increased its limit. I am different from his ok I have 68 in some, has it increased to 70 or so? The age for commercial operation is still 65. So my next question is what are your 40 If you have years of experience then there is a lot in it. All memorable events were experienced There might be someone you'd like to share. any good I have a lot of experience, yes, 25000 in 40 years. Hours I've Flown Airline This is experience or wow and in this Meaning, if you talk about ships, then from cess Lake Fokker Friendship Boeing 737 Air Bus And From 747 to Boeing 7, all aircraft All the versions you see are I flown I flew one of them across the globe Do you have a personal favorite aircraft? Personal favorite is my 747 Jamot ok I love If I could find that aircraft even today So I would love to fly the most He likes the ship came and then if you say yes Boeing 7 to Boeing 77 which is the current aircraft Very successful in my opinion Aircraft among the fleet of Boeing Inside and inside the air bus 350 ok air bus 350 and Those are the two aircraft which will capture the Hole Market at this moment and I'm here Let me tell you, they placed a very large order. has been placed Now Qatar has also done it and I believe Air India has done it. A very major massive order has been placed Neither did it with Boeing nor with Airbus. and it is also used by regional airlines. According to me, the biggest inside is India. should have been keeping in mind the Population and l that but some how dubai and Qatar has taken over the entire area which India's regional airlines have a lot of market It is going successfully, it is going very well They are doing a very good job Now recently like PI's Y or your question Apart from this, I am talking about hope and don't make it Since the topic has come up, let me mention it. His too that PI Almost means financially in this crisis Air India has come before this She was in crisis but thank God Sense prevails there and they have given a lot The airlines merged to form Air India. Bana ke a late coming up mashallah se de doing very well now they have changed the situation I don't know why we do It's me, we can do it here. which is Annalee can't talk about the on that The subject is the decision makers' humaar jo hai wo Whatever is there, they need to be more than you No out looking and you know their vision a little It doesn't seem to be controlled that much. that there is a meaningful event in it due to which We are unable to get out, but I only hope Hopefully, I will retire. I think I'm almost done with Pi It's been four years since I left PI. back but I'm still hospital come back its There is a lot of potential inside, inshallah. yes absolutely good where going back to your best of questions well mine I I told you my favorite ship 747 and my best memories on it related to it because I have given maximum The longest route in the world I turned around That ship's replacement, Travel Almost Long Continent Nut Aircraft Flute Aircraft practically Avery and her insides Meaning it's very relaxed comfort and that In that which is called na and One thing is that I make it mean Ferrari. Should I do this or that, this is not my scene. Everything flies through it, meaning it even moves. If it is there then it moves very smoothly or not, I don't know People seem to enjoy the turbines, especially the four If the engine is installed then safety in it Margins are comparatively much better than To the Other Aircraft and Incidents Wise I can recall a couple of incidents a profession that is There are two or three things in this One is that the person sitting on the left seat in aviation He is a captain and he has a lot of ego issues. In my 40 years of experience, I have The thing I have learnt is that the captains who are especially Whatever it is, this is one of them, if I said somewhere If you want to go to a destination then go without any regard He definitely tries to reach that destination Reach and land on Regardless The weather is bad there, anything and anyone But that is an ego, I can understand it. take me I can go to the lake why should I I cannot go to our country which is the most It was dangerous flying, according to us. She is from the northern area like we are from Gilgit. These airports are called Skardu and Tral. Ours is a high terrain area where Our ships live under the mountains. means the mountains are high and we are flourishing If you were doing it down inside the valleys then those Inside the valleys, clouds also come. Sometimes we have to fly visually Now the situation has improved a lot, so he Some of our crushes also happened in this connection. The ships have left and the passengers have also left. But that you are wrong in some valley. And you ended up you know going There were cases of going into the mountain And there have been cases where this profession There is a slight draw back of That this profession also becomes stressful It becomes stressful in the sense that There is no time for the flying inside it. No, I mean you say that at night Go to sleep at 8 PM and wake up at 7:00 AM to 8:00 AM Get up, there's no such thing as day and There is no concept of night. We are flying even at night We are making time fly even during the day. Jonas is changing this pilot The clock on the body is constantly It is being exposed to various times Zones consisting of two hours, five hours, 10 hours Meaning, time is moving forward and backward. from about 72 hours or so because of that body There are also stresses coming on top of it and We also have mental stress because Your sleep gets disturbed whether you go or not. You fell asleep and two hours later you woke up in the morning. Done there you go to Tokyo you go to New York If you go there then you will go to the extremes. Vibrate the pilot to slow it down. The set is then made in the form of butt compensation In they are given five star hotel accommodation Anyway they go and they get the best of food Get the best of allowance there to give no one Dear Begum, your children are not with you. If there were people watching over you, then the end would be up. what happens is that tendency our pilots Generally People Get Hooked in the Aviation Community Two Drinking Habits That Can Lead to Bad Drinking Habits I'm Not Complaining About Antay's Very Unfortunately Civil Aviation Authorities, both of which Countries are doing checks on pirates before they depart or in that means so that There are no under-alcohol ins or I myself was involved in such an incident. If he was involved and was a witness, then that was an incident. I will never forget that I have no idea This thing's end we're talking about many Many years back that is almost 2025 There were not so many restrictions back then. I was drinking at that time, I was also the co-pilot. I was a copilot at that stage and I was Flying a 747 So we're coming from I tired from Europe We were going somewhere to Lahore or Islamabad. There was a flight, so on top of that, my captain, some how I mean, I didn't know what that meant last night. In the morning we got ready and came back. People went straight to the airport and boarded the plane. After coming and sitting down, he kept talking about this Brother You did rest, I said yes I came I am fully rested sir why do you ask I couldn't sleep at night, I was disturbed so I After a while of take off, I was a little I will rest, I said absolutely fine, no The problem with me was that I became an air hostess. Or did Kevin call the crew to take off? After that you will come and sit in the cockpit The Captain Wood Like to Take a Rest for 40 minutes in a stretch 40 minutes bonfire okay So that's us People took off there I believe Paris was our airport. took off from what after take off It so happened that some of Captain Sahib's friends and Friends and their families etc. were on that flight. But there were 400 passengers sitting like that. So he sent her the message after some time. that from salute to the Captain, so the captain said, well who is it and There was a senior, their captain, he was sitting there. Later he said okay so he Let him come, he took off and we left. Went on his way and got drunk Captain Sahib got busy talking. The sleep that he had from his master I am completely sleepy, I don't know where it has gone. After the journey, Honi said, brother, this is a little Give me a break, I said I've given you The break was given, now it is your luck that You yourself called your senior colleague. Anyway, after that he left and He came through the wash room and came back again. He lay down for a while, so I said, okay, let's go. Then I called the cabin crew. That brother, you come and sit down, there is no one there now. He is here, resting for a while. Yes, we kept going, kept going, okay I got up on the way and then everything happened. Close to my nation, he suddenly came to his seat sat and fainted and fainted and this At that time we had reached our destination We are close to Islamabad actually Exactly what is called top of descent Na Decent started that time's Tavas One Incident I can recall in my life that I called mayday it's something very Serious call to means of my life and my Life of My Passengers is at Stake Threat A large thought because she tried it We called him and brought the captain to his senses. To bring water and this doctor also came to him If you check Never Recover then reinstall it. We have secured it but obviously announced it. If done, there will be a full emergency at the airport. If we have to declare then the entire city Hospitals, this is the road that was and is To be ready everyone was ready K B Thana 747 The only pilot is coming, the other one is unconscious. If something happens to it, the ship will fall. It will fall somewhere or the other, God forbid. If something had happened to me, that would have been Disaster, a ship too big for the entire city V full load passenger Alhamdulillah Lad Safely and Passengers Never Came to Know About It's what happened, we did not announce it, but We Did Let the Company Know There was an ambulance and they all arrived. There is one incident which I will not forget so the Passenger Release After Landing found out later when they called an ambulance When he came and saw her, he asked her, then He realized it at that time but he was clapping at that At that time he clapped and said, brother, this is amazing. We saw such a smooth landing If it wasn't there, I thanked Allah. That I said you have respected us and then this that no one meant it but they said that the PI gives instructions to his pilots The captain trains at the standard What did the co-pilot do professionally without being there? Handled it and landed, then that thing Passengers praised it and this is a fact that our training standards here PI's are no less than any airline Still we are still no less than that we The standard of training that we maintain The cadet pilot who comes in the plane is called this train like that when he gets his first Parvaaz will fly commercially for passengers on the flight and on that flight A Khuda Nakhwa Star Captain Had a Heart Attack If it happens, it's his first flight and he If he doesn't have any experience then we can give him this Train at the level at which you will be able To Save the Flea Bring the Aircraft Down He can land it without any problem And generally all of the pilots are trained to That's standard on every equipment okay on Every equipment okay so in that respect we are Proud of that okay a kk question this jo Passengers request that we You know, you have to meet the captain in the cockpit or I want to see how the cockpit looks, it is allowed. or this Aloud is not allowed at all these days. Not at all First, I'm going to tell you about a few years ago. That it is absolutely allowed, it has this that only those people can come who The captain, whatever the captain is, his authority So much so that he can call it a cockpit Ideally, I would give it to those people Part of the crew and families were allowed first. It was there but now it is not there at all because Kapit If I understand the procedures that take place inside I'll call you and put you in the cockpit Do to there are certain procedures for that seat Also in case of any emergency situation V Have to teach you these procedures for that seat But when you sit down, how will you use your belt? How did you secure oxygen? I want to know how you wore the mask, God. Nakhta is worried about something happening in the cockpit. Avoid it or not? Earlier there used to be a lot of India-Pakistan I did not tell you anything The cultural requirements are such that there But you I had accommodated the air hostess and told her that If we don't want to see the cockpit, please I will ask the pilot if it is allowed. So he refused and said no, it is not allowed. If it's not there, we said, okay, no problem. No, we sat down and then a little while After that she came back and she said that If the pilot fires you, then let us see He even told me to come inside. go But me and my sister we're just little No, we are not going to come inside, we just want to see We are happy to be here, we might have a mind I was like, You Know This Is the Place for Them We don't go inside, we leave here. I have seen that this is enough yes no no Of course you can go in if he Invited but ideally you are on the ground right now If you still have a request on top of this then You can still get an edge lung by allowing As the aircraft is on the ground or you come and see the cockpit and talk Can see all the different fascinations It's It's a Different World All Together Because you should see that there is so little space. There are 4500 people sitting in the back. If they had happened in big ships then we would have Only what is in front is visible. The instrumentation inside the cockpit We're just believing what it is Telling us or but I just because when I We saw that cockpit in the usual videos. So they see everything and don't pay much attention. I would have gone but when we saw it, the lock was late. So many buttons and everything, so me and my Sister, the entire flight, those seven-eight hours, that's all. Keep discussing that so much concentration is required A pilot has to do something if there is an emergency. If they go, they know what to do with these buttons. This is how the hand goes, this is how the hand goes and no one else I can't press the wrong button, how this is so good This is commendable, no no, this is this So adaptability is the nature within humans. made from the side such that you can see one thing If you keep repeating it again and again, then it will Become Your Habit Habit becomes habit without you knowing Think carefully and your hand will go away. Talk about this. This is exactly what you need to know In this Many of the switches installed there not used They are only used In case of any emergency or emergency In that situation, you give those Swiss generally Few Swiss Cheeses You Need to Know Remember this is what's inside it that you It is done in such a way that every type of Emergency means you recall or Recalls for very major emergencies You don't need much extra memory on the rest. We are left behind because you have kept us in your memory. If anyone takes a wrong step, it will backfire. If there is damage, you will see that Generally, whenever the pilot receives instructions If they are having an idea then they write it on a paper pencil. They keep taking notes, de r de r Suppose to record it hum because you may forget Isn't it true that in a while someone will come? Something has come from there, a bell has rung So you forgot what happened just now. We keep everything on paper so that we can remember and This is also an advice for me in life. You can do a million things on your own, but listen to everything. There are few people in whom nature has given such a gift. Divi has built-in memory so curse It is that they can remember every word. There are many numbers, some people are but Try to be less on your memory. Rely less than Ideally Save Now your You have so many gadgets that you can save Everything on your mobile and you instantly Atlee ok let's come to the next question You have developed technology in your 40 years. I'm in aviation, how I saw it evolve There will be many chances, what did you do and how is it? I have seen a lot of changes I mean, we started flying when Fly By Wire was not Fly By Wire one terminology that I'm going to give you right now I will tell you what it is, but There were rods and those wire cables would have been going The push and pull type pulleys are fitted There used to be control surfaces, wings used to move etc. then came the hydraulics then that Electrical and then Porli now what is electric and now So the ships, that is, their metallurgy. It has been changed and now it is made of fibre glass. are being made and fiberglass is also such that Tougher than steel but lighter half the weight of steel, so technology and What is this? First he opens every part. Engineering oiling Grievous takes out that box. electronic jacks and plug them back in This is how things start working Electrical signals are going everywhere So whether it's a helicopter or a plane Baloos ho name it so extreme in everything It has come to pass that sometimes I understand that I had a strong desire that if my If the ship had the capability, it would system installed on the Space Shuttle navigation technology that is engaged It is also installed inside Boeing or other Now you see that technology in ships She was inside the space shuttle, now she was even more in it. It seems that advance has been taken somewhere, that is why has now given this technology to civil So there has been a lot of advancement. Meaning, you can guess from this that the ships If you were watching then number off How many times in a million did crustaceans occur? And now if you look at how many aircraft In fact, road travel is safer than road travel. much more than road transport more now People go there more often than in It has become very safe for travel. It's done, others are trying it out. meaning in this And first of all, you will remember that ships have two There were pilots and a flight engineer. Yes, then he removed the flight engineer as well. that he has done two pilots now Technology on which they started research I have already given that efforts are being made to If both the pilots are also fired then he If controlled from the ground, it will now It will take some time, I think. Because those passengers are still Cannot accept Locked us in a tube and left has been handed over to Allah, so he is A little bit of that, the concept is not clear would be without a pilot to a craft but they are Working on it, the research is going on, but it A pilot what do you think or Joe He is also a pilot across the world, what about him? tech do you have any idea what that is think our fapa is a body international The Pilots Association is a body that He is quite high up, he has a lot of resistance. Is it right now that you can lock something up on this thing? Take autopilots automation whatever it is that you Whatever you feed into the computer is what it is. He will follow it or if anywhere in it If any error occurs or something happens, then it will be resolved in the same manner. According to that, it means she will also respond Turbulator is something that means Till now we have not been able to make such a radar. Which means 100% weather and turbulators When the plane is flying in the air There is a clear air tub which You must have heard the name Cat being used a lot. These tubes are such that they can be seen in any radar. But she does not come, she is unable to pick me up and her There has been a lot of damage to the people inside. have been injured Because the pilots are also caught unaware in it. If so, I would like to request all of you that Whenever you board the plane, keep your seat belt on. Whether or not you are wearing your seatbelt Because this is an event that can be held without any It can come with information and for many people. There is a risk of injury if it carelessvideo Or my question is a little bit about us being geopolitical. take it to the side so that whatever the situation What do you think about South Asia right now? How it impacts routes or flights Do The aviation industry is Is This too has become politicized. Whatever is happening in the Middle East, Impact is coming right over it. Because there are many countries in it Evolve and the way you handle news items You will keep hearing that Meaning the type of weapons being used hundreds of kilometers, thousands of kilometers Firing from a distance and going here and there And they are definitely using airspace. Where do they go up and where do they come down from? These are all the air spaces that go on different Mamalakandam There is Egypt, there is even Israel, all these countries There are spaces in all these for commercial operations as well. is happening but that because of that you See, all that is closed because of this incident. happens and has to be stopped so that For the safety of people and ships These things have to be done for safety This will definitely benefit the aviation industry a lot. There is a loss because the number of ships If you are standing on the ground then you are loss making. They are considered as the loss Making Machine If They Are Sitting on the Ground So the plane that is flying in the air is not For the aviation industry in some way It is profitable and is making a profit from it, so it Whatever is there is not from today, it is from a long time ago I am looking at Afghanistan and I saw one Then I saw Iraq and Iran, then we came I have been operating flights during two days but there was lot of risk evolve In that airspace something Mama wanted Nick, no, we didn't stop. Did you bring flights and some neighbors? Countries used to say that we are not responsible If Anything Happens to Your Aircraft and These things are happening but we will we have been Tricode is done and I think It's not a A Very Healthy Sign to Have Conflict in You No Any Part of the World or for For people, for business, for the economy in every respect This is a harmful thing, so just for Hypothetically, if we think that if such a In this situation, we say that it is okay. You can take this plane on this route. Suppose if you take it over India Or taking India over Pakistan I have to go and I just gave you that okay. There is a problem going on but you can take it away. Like you said, nothing at all. This is exactly how it is and this is how it happens It has also happened in the Maj that Pakistan-India relations are often You have better noticed that being a victim of stress If so, inside it A pilots get some special training or Some mail, some tray of pilots There is no training for pilots This means that the pilot can only fly through Any airspace if they have the permission to do so OK, you can enter any country without permission. You can't enter, you have to turn back. You will need to enter if you have not allowed but some The situation becomes such that the United Nations at the request of or humanitarian Above Grounds you allow now a There is a ship passing by, someone inside it There is an emergency, there is a passenger there. The situation worsened or someone in the ship was injured. Such a problem has occurred that now he is going through it. Now he has to be dropped at Karachi from nearby. Do you want to drop him off at Bombay or Delhi? But if we have to take it down, then India's will also be taken down in the same way. Emergency with Mutual Consent Aircraft are always allowed I miss someone so much in this country have seen that in emergency and such Do not refuse flights, allow them We have to fly whether there is war or war. If the airspace is closed then it is Close for Everywhere if it is open and there is only If your ships are being stopped then In a situation with the mutual consent of both The countries and the United Nations then use Permission is granted to operate flights is given Hey Human Humanitarian Grounds Keeper They are allowed to operate flights in two OK You mentioned that you've done a lot of international If the arrows have flown right then there is something like this in it Your special experience where you I specially want to fly to another country. To mention India very very very very very They are very interesting that I I flew to India a lot. The scheduled flight was from Bombay, India and This is what happens between the two of them in Delhi. Because of this the pilot had to be bused there. and down could operate and the same Came back with the flight in the same way She used to come to India and operate her flights. This type of flight used to come to Lahore and Karachi. And if she left, we would also go in the same way. Our plane would come to Bombay and Delhi once. It has gone bad or so it means now our father If all the ancestors are from India then why go to India? There is a great desire and it is special for the pilot There is usually a restriction that They will not go, they will not be allowed to go. Now there is noise that the same thing is happening in India too. The policy will be that their pilots and our pilots what they are considered as A security asset, they are not allowed to go But I have a different opinion of my own. I had a great desire to go to see a ship by chance once Ours was spoiled, I was the command captain, so We went and sat on top of Bombay airport. I sat there for five to six hours and Sir, they are not letting us get down and saying The ship will not be repaired until tomorrow. Sleep in the lounge above the airport We called the embassy again and said, brother. Look brother, we have to operate the ship a little. Let us rest somewhere and relax So, the expected Indian ambassador for Gave us the permission ok from Pakistani Embassy Discussions were held and they gave their permission. The entire crew was so excited, my God. Like I don't know what I'll find Gayi for everyone for the first time, the de all wanted bus These borders were made in such a way that due to Otherwise, people still have the same feelings for each other. keep the love That means we have so many of them at the government level. Here it is, it has been created. Differences, but that's what I'm saying, culture. Both countries are similar in terms of hats and people. Everyone wants to come to me with the same love How many of my ancestors want to go? All the people living there are so many Indians. There will be people whose ancestors are from Pakistan. may live in or their homes or their So these things are the same calculation. Like separating North and South Korea It is done, half is here, half is there, but it has come Believe me, one day all this will happen, Inshallah. Inshallah we will unite and then I hope so We hope that peace is restored in this region somehow. It's over, it's what it is I recently went to India this year. And like you said, there is excitement. Obviously I knew I was going out of the airport age well but I when we landed Yes, that was the best moment for me because I was like okay right now I'm on Indian Land was the best, when you go out, It's a feeling, it's a feeling, but I was like that I have reached India, this is the Best thing boys, I was fond of it since childhood. ka no I know I'm telling you I'm right now Look at this, I am a retired man. But I still have this desire inside me. that I have to go to Bombay from Lucknow All my dear relatives still live here And I haven't met him for 50 years. It's been 50 years since I've met them, but if I get the opportunity I will definitely Wood Like to Go Inshallah I hope that this happens It should become possible for us to easily reach each other's countries. can you come or come I mean I hope May something like this happen in recent times that people learn and government learn like Everything is open in Europe, you can go to Italy. From one country to another, one should be able to A little bit of that has happened after Basit, but still You can travel, still it's so strict. If you can't go then we will go to the airport. We got permission and then we reached an airport there. There was a hotel about halfway from there. Not there by the name Weston by what name We spent the night there and in the morning we met them. requested that if we want to see Bombay He gave permission, a coach came and in it We are all PI staff in uniform. We roamed around the whole of Bombay, we saw Pindi Bazaar Bandra and who else There was one of Quaid Azam's there, she too Look, I also saw their house and it was I will never forget and a very good memory of mine In that, as far as you can go in aviation Every aspect of travelling in international travel I flew above the world, through every world I have tried every possible way to meet people. I have tried the language there a lot. Nothing else, everyone just cares about their language. How to say Salam and Dua, how to say Thank You I have learnt this for so long that I have to do it for everyone. I learned so much, it was a lot of fun But within the aviation industry, it is a I will tell you something very good, that is here also. But as you have seen nowadays The pilots inside the airlines and the entire Emirates and Qatar are coming from all over the world. Take Indian Air India or Jet Airways It was theirs, it has just been closed, take it from me. Where is the address, I also applied there. I did not get selected by that coincidence But that every world People of which colour and race are sitting these days of the cockpit Inside, one is from France, one is Chinese and How are the two communicating with each other? This is a great achievement of the aviation industry. The thing that they have created is that every airline Created an SOP SOP Standard Every airline has its own operating procedures. It is our own creation, whichever pilot it is, airline operating procedures Follows Ridgeley Follows Whether Whether he speaks English well or not But he catches them well. that there is no fault in him or that Above he is selected as a pilot and Whenever there is an international flight When flying, both the pilots I am communicating a lot Well because a language is made up of them or use the same language use terminology that both understand are either in it then do not see that this Is it Iranian or is it Persian or Is he Bengali or Urdu speaking or Indian? Is it from America or China or Japan? All of them mean one thing and give it to him. R operating, that's why this is aviation. The industry got the biggest boost from this Because pilots come from all over the world and come everywhere. Getting absorbed into every airline You can take it in Singapore, let me take it anywhere. are all flying either in that sense it's a very very interesting it's great that you If you go to China, your Chinese friends will be with you completely. China takes you around and sees you completely. I have seen your culture, I have gone to France, I have gone to Germany You went to America, you went to Japan, you went everywhere and You learn something everywhere, some funny story Do you have any such experience? There are many funny stories, I remember them all. I don't know if I remember one or two. My career had just begun and I S Cadet was selected Pirate and our head office was in Karachi. Me and sir, they mean the airline You gave us first class tickets so that you Come and give your joining in Karachi, we will do that at that time We used to live in Islamabad, so from there we They were flying ahead of us and everyone else I think some air hostess from a foreign airline sitting Oh, we were getting very fascinated that My God, look at this, man We kept asking this from our staff. Because brother, you kept telling everyone that maybe this Is it from Saudi Arabia or Emirates? Some airline's uniform is also smart. Sa De Ra La Very [ __ ] and Spun Very Good So we're sitting in the back, I mean, talking. She is saying that friend, look at the amazing thing. What kind of life will there be with respect, what fun will there be when We will come to our ship and command Will I come when the ship lands? On reaching Karachi, one of them flew to Aero Sts. She got up and came behind me and said, "You've grown up a bit." Go with us again So and so, all of us who were there, I mean Are you upset, O Allah, what has happened? We are busy talking about our things in a sense. Stay in your own language which they probably understand. This language will not be understood And that gentleman, there was a spectacle going on there and We have to see all of them, whether it's O, Yes or V. I will see you, I will see you my God, O Allah What happened was that we went to Nairobi once. I mean, whenever I went there to Nairobi There means staying in the hotel to receive Everyone used to welcome us, Jamo Jamo Jamo Jamo Har Someone meant to welcome me with a copal It was my turn when I came there for the first time, so I Sir, as soon as we went to check in, he He said there, do this also, Jamo Jamo, he said Jamo Jamo To No No Boeing 737 so He is in front, isn't he? The reception manager is worried. It's done no sir jamo jamo no no and I told him He said, oh brother, what happened, what happened then? I explained to him that brother, this is welcoming you. I am welcoming you, saying I understand. He is telling me that you come to Jambu I am the pilot of Jumbo, I am the pilot of Jumbo How many such sentences there are which It doesn't mean I am missing you a lot at this time. In this, we meant every air from the beginning The stewardess wishes that she was the pilot I want to get married to her, her yes and sir Behind us too, the age was quite normal. We too had the experience of being outside He only found out about international flying. I took it, what is its name, left, everything And sir, where did he get it from there? Number number telephone number I don't know from whom Are not supposed to give our numbers to nahi hoga No, we are not allowed or after a few days a Captain Shoz Rizvi is calling you I said yes sir, I am Shuj Naqvi. I said how can I help you Sir, please stop your antics. Who did you give this number to? I said my wife and I had a fight. Why did I do it brother, where did I come from in between When he came, he told me that he is Eros so and so Her name is and she is telling me that you were with me on this flight and how much It was awesome so I thought you liked it. So I called you, so that's my The Begum has heard all this. And you know what I mean It has happened, now you talk to my wife and Someone mistook him for your senior. There were two Shujas named Shuja Rizvi and Shuja Nak fee to woh without realizing he woh I called him and he was my senior and That gentleman got angry with me that this brother I said I would work carefully I have not given my number to anyone, I will ask From whom did you take the number? We are not supposed to come. private numbers to Everyone, but there have been many such incidents. Many pilots who were also married Too many pilots Too many pilot weddings Air hostess se hui hai and there la sum off They are very happy some have broken up yes but alhamdulillah The first wish is to roast If he is young then he prefers to meet someone. Then you will either live your happy life or Everyone looks forward anyway I am not able to get much from this waste of hands I mean I have to be careful what I Sets Fine Share Your Funniest Stories of Are you talking about family or marriage in between? teased that the air hostess wanted one of their Gol ho no pilot se shaadi ho If I go ahead with my career, I will see that if Because of your career, like as a pilot. What is your personal life like and how much is it worth? It is related to any profession Whether you want to go or not, you can take up the medical profession. Take up engineering or flying. profession or any other teaching profession take up profession you will note that a little Family life gets disturbed a little a little bit disturbed with being as Pilot, you spend too much time away from your family. So how does that affect me? The pilot is not away for that long. means if you ask me, if you Have you heard about these people who go on ships? This is about six months for the Merchant Navy. You should see that they give Away from the Family for That Lame Butt Pilot So maximum if it goes for a week or 15 days There is no gap of more than 20 days. It comes in, yes, that's an excuse. I mean, he came and left after two days. Or if this were happening inside pirates It happens that the children of pilots They are mostly dependent on the Mother. Yes, she looks after their education there. Well Being and Everything Pilot Joe Hai Wo For him The compensator brought some gifts for his wife. Yes, it definitely happens sometimes generally This does not happen but it happens that marriage Marriage and no one else of this kind There is a sword in which there is Eid, Bakrid and Diwali. Or is there some such function in which Meaning family would like you to be there you These things do not happen, they affect Obviously the main sacrifice is The wife has to do it If the husband Is a means at home and a wife is a pilot so It applies almost the same way to both ways If it is there, then often better houses also get destroyed. We saw the wife's sacrifice in this. The one who travels the most is more And blindly relays on top of that The pilot is very blind to his wife. He relies and trusts because leaving the children to her He is very concerned about security. He does whatever he can for her The pilot would try his best that he should give them a driver, carriage, horse Security is something everyone can provide. It is because generally pilots Are some professions in the world well paid? In this one of the professions which is very Well, I mean, it pays you off. consideration This definitely affects family life. There is more wife than children, more than you remains angry How long do you think I'll do this Rah Iam Shar Difficult Hota So whatever aspiring pilot specifically If we talk about South Asia, you can What advice would you give to those who want to become pilots? who are trying to make this career their own right now, the way That technology is coming, I am all I would advise youngsters that if They love this profession then they should apply to Become a pirate while they are in college and University at the Graduation Level And above this stage, airlines now Hiring pilots directly Instead of sending them to a flying club and school and anything that took root My route was to the flying club. Oxford Air Training School was Now, whatever number of pilots come from there their exams etc. through university They are okay, their licenses are fine. Give him exams in all universities okay and they get a graduation Degree Equivalent to Something Like That The license that they have now arrived It was not available in our times. There I did my graduation B.Sc and then I started my career, now you are here If you apply, the airlines will hire you and They will train you and its training cost I will recover it here and they will let you know give you a job on the basis of that contract it could be five years and 10 years but they should go for it because this This is the age of technology youngsters It is for youngsters, people like us in this age group Technology takes a long time to grasp Now the young generation that is coming up will give it a can A 15-20 year old kid is now flying a Boeing 350. will fly more comfortably than In Because I will need all of your knowledge and concentration to operate doses because it is l Computerize Now Mostly AI's Now If development has come then AI is beyond my control. It will pass but this youngster of theirs This is the time for me to encourage everyone to If you can come into this profession then come. There is a misconception about the pilot. or about this industry that you It seems that what you are saying is in people's minds today. Could you make it a little clear in people's minds? Joe Miss Miss Concept I think conception was now now now now I am sure I will still be like this It seems that many people are not in this industry We understand it like this, well, this is absolutely You know what they say to me, I don't like one getting 'It's not even a right word' and Some people are lazy people and some people are They are very lazy and vagrant people. This is a misconception, trust me. You are thinking that this means two things. Let me tell you that earlier it was that when you become a pilot For this you needed an I site of 20 by 20 Vision is no longer a requirement But with the glasses you should have a vision of 2020 20 ba 20 ka na abhi heart condition Your health and fitness should be good You should have an athletic personality, not like this Done means you are bulky, you have a heavy body and you It doesn't mean you are going to become a pilot. And to say this means putting on autopilot and The pilot is doing Yashi in the cockpit and eating and drinking and singing It is not like that when you are singing, a What a man is means resting once in a while. Maybe the other person is monitoring it. or the autopilot inside the cockpit, which is He is doing the right thing as long as He is getting the command automation command correctly. where there is a break in its signal or If any error occurs, the autopilot will also know It won't work and you don't know where to go. If the ship will deliver it, then you have this misconception too. Take away the idea that the plane runs on autopilot. A pilot needs a pilot to fly it. Must Monitor Right Autopilot You Need to Monitor Automation to have Because there are many situations in which The autopilot is unable to cope. Then God himself says come give up I can Can't handle the situation and then someone has to You know come and take over his ship You have to take it down safely, there is no harm in it. Maybe anything can go wrong in it, but the The Idea Is To Bring The Aircraft Safely Down on the Ground to Save the Lives On Board sitting, those who are sitting inside, their lives that you want to protect from a computer I don't know how long I will be able to do it because Whatever happens, you blame it. We will put it on top of that and the airlines will also be saved Airline manufacturers will also survive and You will not be able to blame anyone and A blame will fall on a machine that it is waste There is an error inside the function due to which The Aircraft Crashes So We Don't Know The only thing we can't blame is the machine. Let's see what happened where brother, so this The things that are there to overcome this thing That's why these people say that Ji Aodo Pilot Sara He does some things, but he doesn't do everything. It will be a long time before they can bring in a Aeroplanes without any pilots It will take a lot of time, a lot of time It will seem to me and then that the study You don't have to study your whole life It falls into Then you have to continue your studies. Keep yourself up to date with everyone Day New Development is coming and introduce It is happening and you have to keep Yourself current two development all this you who Isn't it true that everyone will be included in this now? I can't come because of the problem we have here. There are many such cases due to political interference. Departments in which recommended people come He used to go and get a recommendation from some minister. The President's belongings would come in here and there. But the system is such that Coming to one stage or the other, their screen out would have become Yes, the screen is out because somewhere Professionals used to come and make such mistakes where But if you give me a throw out then there is a secret inside it. No, there is scope inside it. No, it's a very expensive profession. Not Everyone Can Afford It But Now The Airlines or Office Packages Ver They cover the cost and you have to sign up for Bund With them they give you train and they make you Fly for them what ever aircraft they Need You Can Directly Fly an Airbus 350 Airbus 320 and 737 and any aircraft it depends that What are the airline requirements? Train directly on those aircraft and They can put you on the right seat straight away OK instead of going through the simulator Instead of going through flying schools here Now they have bypassed all that It has become a fast track Industry Now and They Have a Shortage of Pilot: We need at least one pilot by 2030. The minimum is almost IC 30 plates They need this much by 2030, that is, you see that Now they have trained 30 Haj pilots in a period of 6 years. should it be said that the demand is there Youngsters are if they are college graduates Apply within the various Airlines Across the Globe to Anywhere Let's go, the universal language is English. they speak english they will be had there ok The only restriction that will come Working will be done to allow them to work in That Country and Not That I Don't Know Here Rules: Every airline has its own rules. Yes, they will decide, so suppose if some body has Applied from Pakistan may be in US Right so there if you have acceptance You have been selected, then do it They give you work visa and yes they will give you work visa but first of all in whichever country You will go to convert the license of that country It is not very difficult Thing If You're Going to Fly for America Here is the European license, there they have f License American License You Have to Get Your license converted to F and then the airline will induce you there and they will make sure Any travel or work related activities for you? You will not have any problem, okay Alir, my A question was coming to my mind. I remembered I said, should I ask you about the cockpit? It is necessary for someone to be in me at one time The pilot or copilot or both can eject. From the cockpit at no stage at no stage Both cannot go out, both cannot go out You can go if you ever find out that Both pilots ejected in time or Later they have undoubtedly come in or butt if If anyone comes to know about this then their Licenses are suspended and removed. from the [ __ ] Okay straight away, it's the same thing as if we were talking about you taking on an engine Can't turn off like this anytime There are two pilots inside, one pilot in each case. will stay in the cockpit okay okay okay so my The next question is about the aviation industry. What has changed in South Asia? From the past 40 years some changes have come are compared to the rest of the I would say that if you're talking about South East Asia or The Aviation The industry has really Joe West of Bounced Back to the Extent It went much further than that, okay because The way the aviation industry has been developed in South and In South East Asia he developed have done it become it It's It's Become Like a Luxury There, just like you go to hotels anywhere Pakistan in the best cities of Pay India Big cities of the Far East If you look at the hotel industry, it's very Very you know advanced you so much all kinds Comfort and this is what aviation is all about Industry has developed in this region. It has become so advanced that in the West The airlines couldn't catch up. So you are watching big hubs like There is Dubai, there is Qatar, there is Istanbul, and many more. They have overtaken almost now too The Extant Ware Heath Row Dailys and New York You cannot compare these airports with these Can give much huge, give much bigger Airports and the Much Advance Sophisticated and Tourism Industry See that the tourism of the whole world is inside it. The industry needs aviation in this Far East. The industry has given a boost or I think it is Trimendus within the global economy You should see the effect it has had. Inside India, when I used to go to Bombay and Delhi airports were only now you see That there is Bombay, Delhi, Bangalore, they have Airports in almost every city and 100, 200 Miles they have an airport na end International Airport International Airport And the look at the tourism it's amazing nobody Can Beat Right Now the Tourism Industry Ch I'm going on in India, I mean, I thought Turkey Was Going Pretty Fast and Others But the tourism is going on in other countries too. There is a lot of tourism of all kinds in India. It's very impressive and others Country and other airlines you should know Dos Foot Step or Look at the Amount of Aviation development in that many ships I I had never seen air inside India. If you go into space and see, it will be longer than 1000 at one time it's amazing Very Good News Actually for Aviation Industry I Believe of the Far East and this is what they will take Over Men Another Wait 10 Years Sara Ka Saree The world will come this way for you This region is China, India and far East K Regions I'm tired, we still see that a lot There are all N airlines that are in the top ranks Comes compare to their services provide they are definitely definitely now It is also very accurate, you can guess from this It can be assumed that the top ranking is still Mail to Singapore Singapore Yours Emre, you have Itihad, you have Qatar, yet another one The airline is coming is Oman airline and Air India itself is doing very well and Their other regional airlines are quite It has started appearing on international routes. Are you going abroad, but yes, yes, yes, yes It is a very top most airline in every respect. You can visit Equipment Wise Services Airport wise, give one of the best in every respect The Top Most I Think Airlines in the World or or What do you think if we talk about PI? what the PI has at the moment Opportunity Hai Kiss because Pi is not Going well but I am sure like we were before We were talking about definitely UC growth. It is possible Being a PI I have to be very careful what i say here but okay but i Let me tell you that when PI initially came The initials were Pi was the fastest. And it started operating all over the world. Gave him almost his first jet The aircraft was latched Boeing 7727 was the one that came to PI How many airlines did Tha PI Stabilizing airlines that flourish today PI and because of this PI's own infrastructure It was established at that time Like their training institutes were their Their There were office suites everywhere, they had their own catering. There was a complete setup from there, so these things were Much later, the rest of the region Airlines came to PI much later. All these things were available nearby, you should see this that PI had at no stage I don't remember I found that I had ever sailed more than 50 ships. did not look inside But despite this, there are 200 Hajj inside the PI. There used to be an employee, I joined PI the employee Strength was about I think around 18000 18500 N PI was doing trimendous well This meant that their profits were so much margin. inside there you know but then what happened after that This has happened ever since political governments started coming into power. If it is there then they have given so much freedom in it. all the labor unions and this and that and labor Unions also emerged which were party related. It meant that some party representing There were very powerful unions of PI. The unions were so powerful that the entire There are no unions as powerful as this in Pakistan. There was nothing else, there was railway, there was steel, everything There was something, but PI was the strongest union. Even today he has so much strength as PI. Union Key They Can Still You No take decision if anyone wants to stop them Rest karna ho de can still do it itni hai But now his loss was that he They were the leaders of the unions and they themselves To increase their vote Meaning for the compensator that you and I voted Look, you have made us win, so we will pay you like this back and then he will get it through the unions By giving them the merit of selection I ruined him, he meant it completely. Meaning it was spoiled and then Nepotism has replaced professionalism. Meaning relatives came, friends, friendship and then that Start inducting such people. gave and then he became what he was Basis of you know downfall of PI even today if You see, the routes that PI has are given may be ethnic roots right now, but they are So Lucrative Roots means Saudi of Jeddah This is the route of Arabia, this is the entire route of UAE. The UK route is These are their routes to America and Canada. They have such solid roots that if they get it today revive kar jaye recover kar jaye bring in the New Equipment, New Fleet, They Will Bounce back and they will bounce back with a very The reason for the short period is that their The infrastructure is still intact. If these people have somewhere Hotels and Hospitals and Catering Setup all this if you start auctioning in In the form of the given then we can see the start Kamaling of course but as long as it's still Available if some big investor is good investor from anywhere any part of the World could come in and invest in PI Vi The New Folly With the brand new pallet, they can really buy back within earshot i can tell you this The passenger from Pakistan is dying for The name of this PI is kids, kids that is sitting in it you cannot imagine that It is still trying its best to Get the PI's name out of the people somehow. Which people did you meet even today? So please talk about PI's money. I still have a lot of hope from It Will Revive One Day by Alla Mia Inshallah Inshallah it's I hope so this I am telling you that whatever is above this right now People are watching it, isn't it? Whom sitting like Vulchus She came to grab the opportunity Think Until This Political Influence If it will be removed None of our industries would just grow all what a history Tr ok so tell me about Your Top Five Airlines Services and anything you want Whichever airline we can relate to I have quoted all the factors and flown them. with a mean of the airlines But I keep going through every year like that It comes out about grading or it also looks into it I live here and according to me the top most Airlines rate Qatar OK Singapore Airline or I Red Thai Airways OK And Oman is another very very upcoming Airline ok aa I have flown with Air India Lately I Don't Know About That Emirates Emirates Yes You Can Count In Emirates Now Emirates Has Gunned Down Much Compare to in the last few years, but yes. Emerald Could Be Rated Now Indian Airlines Okay, if we just go to business class or first class. If we talk about class, what is its comparison? I came from business class Traveled with PI on Air India With British Airways with Emirates But there is a huge difference though There is not much difference in the price Why is there so much difference in services? I told you one thing that outside There are airlines or big ones, if you Only to the people of our country If you hire someone, there are many things inside him. Cultural drawbacks come when your Pass staff jo hota hai wich from different Parts of the World Like Emirates Qatar History Singapore Singapore is different all together but this that all of them are working on a Set rules remain standard operating procedures Procedures I call them follow dos The procedures don't change much beyond that. The airline of our own country When you come inside, then that and this My relatives are sitting here How are you their service is getting more I started serving him more and There are deserving passengers, you ignore them Is this Pakistan India's culture? tellaah this problem is ver as the other Airlines are the same quality, same Aircraft Same Standard Everything Service The difference is made by coming here, follow the Company Rules: Those who are here are called company rules. is shelved and ignored goes for some people some people They don't do it for you or there is a double standard. This airline journey because of him inside her. It does, but yes, the business class that is coming now Air India has tripled its business You can see the classes that are operating. abhi lately unne jo hai de r in very good Very good class or but talk about it again The same thing would have happened on your service or service. How is your catering? How is your cutlery? How are other things, come there and hit again Let's start eating here for you This Qatar and Singapore were given Nat Bayy if PI Given the services before their shutdown and services they were providing What they were charging was laser. believe that Time has come, from Vad, that Still, let me tell you that What can you expect from the services? Food is done, baggage service is done and check-in is done. Serviced and conditioned vessels So that's my opinion It's about time I should pay replace the er kft de dan They're turning 20, 20 years old, 25 years old. Is it about time they need to change the The condition of the equipment ships is definitely such It is not that on top of that, I mean 5 lakhs, 10 lakhs Pay a ticket and someone goes from here to Toronto 12 I've heard a million jokes, it's not worth it. But the funny thing is that people still I am traveling, can you imagine a ship? are being filled up yet this thing that is I'm telling you this is what I see. If they find any sensible investor Whoever is ready to invest should go So this airline bounced back within a year. She will do it because her solid The load of passengers they carry is very Solid and I don't know how long it will last And but definitely this is yes, the ship's equipment which is services which kind of And the way people handle passengers their standards have fallen very low Gone are the days, come down a lot, that can be Improvised with No Time If You Can Just Outsource Dos Department OK Cargo Co Outsource your passenger handling You can outsource your catering to Outsource it, just run the airline, then you See where the airline goes, well, let's hope. Is any responsible person listening to us today? No, no, it's absolutely a common curse for someone or the other. This thing will definitely reach his ears and that will definitely He will listen and reach friend, there must be one among thousands and millions who He will say, friend, what have you said, but I am very hopeful, I still have great hope Who so am I? Well tell me that as a pilot You have traveled to many airports. Right then in terms of flying ease in Flying or landing or departure, what do you care? Guess which airports that are He has been a bust or in your experience You are for me so I thank any airport I Wood Go Chuch Meets My Who is defending the Requisition ship? If the ship is big then how do you operate it? Landing requirements should be made accordingly. There is no talk of a runway emergency. I am doing normal flights I am talking to Found more which I found difficult airports We thought he was from the Northern Area, okay? What I have meant most in my career Difficult airports have come inside them Rat Gill Guts Kardu And Chitralaya is no challenging airport Because that terrain is on top of high mountains had to fly down between the mountains We have it and that is visual flying. Because now he has enough of it inside him. AIDS has been provided but that the most The challenging area is the Northern Area of Pakistan over there I'm still sure they're operating jets now. There, I am sure the situation may have improved. very but Generally within Europe, even India and Pakistan So much advanced airport technology inside The gadgets they installed at the airport, etc. I can tell you now that I'm here Zero visibility landing no matter what I do it, I did it even on the ship The equipment installed is so advanced and So much advanced equipment even above the ground who is accepting it, then generally For the big ships wherever I went I'm over there doing category three landings That in my career I am also an instructor I have also been a simulator instructor I have also been a flight instructor. Various airlines The simulator has also trained the pilot of I have also been an instructor but all these What I was exposed to more than things was They gave me above ground We used it a lot on the administrative side. Right from Fokker to 747 and The Boeing 77 equipment fleet has always been Was I been on the edge as a chief of every Equipment Hum That Was Considered to Be a Very selective in a price position which was given on the basis of a They came on the basis of your merit and merit There are many things that come inside the Inside there lot of factors evolved in it How is your knowledge wise and temperament wise? How are your communication skills and how is your team? How is its work, how is its leadership? Considering all the things, I was nominated Every time I moved on to the next Equipment Do I Yeti be the junior most by I wa pick up by Every management to position to work as chief of the equipment so alula im retired Now, but I thank you very much for your great respect. And with that I did my job and After retirement I am back with my family Yer set in London na fawr ok so now you retired what do you think What is your life after retirement? Changes have come, some difficulties have come, oh yes This problem can happen to everyone. Well, I can tell you that myself S.A. Pilot because of our training flight training pilot training that The main objective is safety. Why does that safety happen so much? Pilots are conscious of whatever they do. They are and that means so much to him well After checking he says and then you know they We also tell the Accept Everything ship Isn't it true that everyone said, yes, it's okay, it's okay Okay, the pilot finally came and looked and He says no, this is not right, these passengers If it's not safe for you, please fix it. I will not accept that If I do this, passengers will be able to accept that. That he is right because he is the one will take us from A to B so this which this which The thing is that it hasn't gone away even after retirement. is of the house Inside, we are very time conscious. Pilot Very Time Conscious Sense at Time Departure is to be made if the pilot knows that If he is going from here to Pakistan then It flew over Istanbul Airport. it's 3 o'clock at 1 minute and at 3:4 if he is in Istanbul If the airport does not report then the entire They would have declared it a crash in the area. It is like this ship has disappeared, it has gone somewhere. so we have a margin of three minutes we are We have to make noise that we can finish our work in 3 minutes. Every minute was precious once we reached the place. Everything is punctual, so is the time. You have to be very careful about what is on top of it. Now he is at home after retirement. If they come, we try to implement them. We should not, but it is very difficult to get over The Habit You've Been Doing for the Last 40 Years, the family gets fed up and wonders what will happen. Don't you mean relax a bit? Friend, everything will be done now, if this is the time It will be pa minute 10 minutes above I have Where may it be easy for you to say, but I believe In you know that whatever work gets done on time Time passes and it will surely be blessed. Remember this whenever your flight is delayed. for some reason and because of such things Then the entire flight was disrupted. Mary I know that then that it is Disturb through out that's why I I have a I have a habit of telling the same to my family members. I say, brother, do all your work. Just tell me I will do it tomorrow I will do it the day after tomorrow, I will do it after two days I do not agree with that again safety key The reason is that you have kept things here. I placed it there and I touched it a little. I say, look, this will fall, someone will Someone might trip up, something might fall on you. So whatever it is, every time you go, you go back to me You get this answer, you go back to the ship. You have turned this ship into a ship, everything I said no Baba, for your safety I am talking about this because it is It may be possible, but we are not like that. We don't think about it in our normal daily life, but we I keep telling you this, which means you think this Who has lived 40 years safely Our mission If there is amplifying then you tell him that you If you keep talking nonsense like that then he will again It would have been a bit of a strange situation. I am like, brother, what has happened to us? So I thought we were saying the right thing. and saying you're weird You're talking nonsense, go back. Stay on top of yourself even on this earth As soon as you landed, you made our lives miserable. If you have done this then do these things after retirement And good things happen to children too. I missed that a lot Or I had children, two daughters, one son. I did not even realize when I finished studying and graduated. When did you get married and when are you doing jobs now? It's the fact that we're doing those jobs. Sitting comfortably at home and we Sometimes they take me here and sometimes there for a walk I take you for a walk, I mean I I have never seen my city of London this much before. I haven't seen as many as I have since retirement. After I explored it, I mean outside used to roam the world but this is But I have a routine that I wake up in the morning and have tea. Made my coffee, enjoyed my news etc., I got all the updates and then sat down. I go and see that the investigation is coming. It happens that a crush investigation is brought upon him. I am a huge fan of Rahi Hoti Hai, I love you. Hazan I enjoy the fun sitting and then I think, oh look, he made a mistake now. Let us point it out ourselves, see, this is what he did. This happened because of the wrong thing I did. Alhamdulillah retired life but I am Still you know keeping myself busy and me My principle is that as long as I have hands and legs I'm a house sitter I am not, I do something or the other, I do something or the other I will stay so that my wife and children get fed up. must have come That sometimes they enter the garden Sometimes they enter the store, sometimes they go out. Let's go, we're bringing something new I have started DIY work. It is a very good thing that you keep yourself active. Keeping active is a very good thing. And my advice to everyone would be that you retire. You never retire just once When you go to another world It happens that before you can do this Your hands and legs are moving, you should enjoy Enjoy the life, go out and enjoy the life You can see the world again, but don't put I saw my father at one place myself. After all, you've been surprised by my Mother Died 1980 ID 84 I Think 84 85 Her Later my father came to me alone. Thee and he live with me of till 2016 Diet The Age of 103 Years Old Wa Looking after him and I really enjoy that Even today I get the opportunity to meet an elder I love that I help the person Enjoy Like Anything It Became My Passion Now to help those elderly people because I Working with my father taught me this. I learned this for all of you, if you look After your parents at an old age, you It must be realized that the way in childhood He was the one who raised you in his lap and Holding hands and you can't do anything and helped you with everything If needed, one of the parents could reach this Age like 80 85 90 this is the age that is absolutely That's how it happens, majority of them don't All of them but majority of them are at that age Where they need your help your attention So this is the time, don't leave them alone. Be with them, talk to them Take a turn and you will see their life itself God bless It will keep increasing, this is my message to all of you. For those who are listening to me in this world In place Let's Get Down to Our Last Question for the Day so you are retired now right so But what makes you think that you What legacy will you leave for the industry? Would you like to or what about the current pilot? Expect that he will teach the future generation what to leave for Do justice to this profession if you I am already in the profession and if I want to come If you are coming then come with full dedication and You make sure that you receive training in the same way as you He used to study in class one and two because he It is a profession in which you will work till the last day. will keep reading So by studying you You can't avoid it, try as you might. Those who come to bring their children still have so much Flying is still a fascinating profession. Youngster law, who are the children, who are they still Gate FastText Go To The Airport See The Aircraft Coming, Taking Off and Landing So take them and I still do this today. All the big airline operators Good airlines have new airlines in their respective countries. This is my message to the generation that You can give the children who are in school bed They provide all kinds of training, all kinds of If you give, then try that when these children When the plane arrives, give them a tour of the cockpit. while the aircraft is on ground inco Show that this is a ship. See how it looks. flies what it's like so that inside them This child should be born so that when he grows up he too becomes like this could join the profession and a lot of Girls Age Well Boys I Think in Comparison There are not many girls, right, this is a of this profession If we take the ratio of the pilot inside then it came Believe 12 per off the Entays the globe is from ladies now ye now I have improved a lot, I have improved a lot. and most of all the It is a good thing that India Female pilots are the most powerful in the world The higher the ratio of female pilots, This gem is from India, known all over the world. It should come inside the book so much Mashallah she is very talented there Girls are capable that they have taken over the Aviation industry by you know a [music] What a surprise, people generally don't understand. The concept is that a girl cannot come here. But he has proved it in the profession. Why not girls are equal? Competence has its drawbacks, but everyone has them. that its provision in the aviation industry Such rules and regulations have been made now the Female population can easily come in this profession absolutely I tired it just didn't It depends on the parents whether they can take care of their children or not. to the children A show me a way that this is also one for you could be a career because I think In Pakistan it's for girls it's just Become an MBBS doctor, this is very common. Becoming a doctor is right for you. But come on parents, change is coming. Now or because I saw it there too Now a lot of it has also entered the Air Force. Have girls become fighter pilots or have I? I have seen a world I had never heard of. I know that I am also a fighter pilot but I have come. It has come to Pakistan and also to India. has gone and has also come to many countries Let's hope more girls do this Thank you so much for coming into the industry My very last message will definitely be this: a please Safety is everywhere, in whatever field it is. safety consciousness of the people around you For those who have communication skills Increase your communication with each other Never let communication break down There is a line that It could save your life at any time. Never from your relatives or your children From your parents to those around you He is your office staff, he is your friend, he is your buddy. Develop communication skills in them And always keep communication channels open Keep it, never close it, it's yours Survival of your country, survival of this land The survival of lies in the fact that we keep talking to each other and taking advice and taking You know the advantage for yourself and your country for the world for the people and The third thing I would request of you is A Situational Awareness is one word I'll give you today. This is our word, aviation It is a very important word in the industry. This is called situational awareness and its What happens inside is that whenever you be it any place in the environment You should know what's going on around you. has been in your surroundings, in your home Outside your home and onto the world stage Go and see what's going on According to your safety measures, You should know that as you develop There has been an accident outside. Heard the voice and you sat down, no, go and have a Look, you are walking on a dirty road. If it is lying down, you should look at it. If no one is helping him then you go and tell him Help Out A gentleman sitting in your ship said Sir, your voice is coming from a ship. Unusual and Pilot asked him what he said. Brother, what is he saying? The passenger called. So I sent it and looked at the back and there was indeed a panel. It was loose and it was fluttering, which The instrument was not showing sound She was feeling it and this is what it is Required in today's world yourself Be aware of what is happening around you And accordingly, your safety Take measures for protection for all of you For every age group, more for elders This is my message for the youngsters that Please, given the current situation in this world Keep yourself alert and aware of what is going around you tired ya very thank you You so much for talking to us, thank you everyone For watching our video if you have any If you have any questions, please do share them. Today's podcast should anyone have experience After listening to this, R actually woke up and said, yes you No May Be This Is The Career For Me The Young Lot Please do ask if you need any advice in the Comment and do like and share thank you Allah Hafiz Thank You Thank You Allah Hafiz Thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @RidaRizvi-v5u [3 likes]: Good discussion!👍🏻👍🏻
  2. @JameelHussain-vh5wj [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing your experiece as a pilot. I am an ex usa green card holder  an hence good travelling experience flying.  My first experience flying dates back to  1977 when I got visa for Algeria.  Earlier I had served as a goods train guard for 5 years and then switched to ministry of finance in rawalpindi.  During that span of 2 years,  i had been lucky to have my desk next to a window watching planes landing and taking off from and to Chellala old airport.
  3. @aligzaidi: PIA Captain Rizvi 🧑‍✈️ 🫡  Very detailed and interesting interview.
  4. @NumanJi-t4x: . (
 mnn  nnnnnnnnnn n n

- My honest advice to someone who wants to be a pilot: Kind: captions Language: en so a few years ago I got into an email exchange with a guy who was wanting to become a pilot kind of struggling to get there we'll call him Ryan it's not his name but I'm going to reference him because his St his his story his story is really really encouraging so let's give him a name so I offered Ryan some advice we went back and forth a few times via email and then a few years later this is the coolest part I'm not making this up he ended up being the flight instructor sitting in the right seat of my airplane right next to me giving me instruction and I'll tell you more about that at the end but it is so so encouraging to see how he went from kind of struggling and had a lot of obstacles in front of him all the way to becoming a certified flight instructor signing my own log book and so it got me thinking I know that there are so many more Ryan out there so to speak I know that many of you are maybe wanting to do this and thinking about it maybe struggling to get there from Fear uncertainty or doubt or all kinds of things so I wanted to share Ryan's story with you and some of the things that I share with him and some of my other advice in case it can be encouraging to you and so if we're just meeting my name is Charlie gasm I'm a commercially licensed pilot based here in Dallas Texas I also own my own airplane and I make helpful content for private pilots and aspiring Pilots I've been flying for about 20 years and so I really just want to share my journey in case it can be encouraging to anyone else that wants to become a pilot and own their own airplane one day so four years ago Ryan sent me this email hey Charlie I really have enjoyed your videos I've been watching since August of 2020 and I've decided to follow my passion and find a flight school and go after my dream I just recently got my medical and a handful of hours in a 172 and I'm now working on on Ground School my dream is to be a pilot and I've talked with loved ones about the idea of pursuing flight school as a career and I've been met with zero support or you're out of your mind to take out a loan and become an instructor and go to the Regionals I'm reaching out to you because I don't have any support or people encouraging me that I can make my dreams come true I know I can do this it's just hard having no one in your corner but yourself so it would mean a lot if you could give me some advice to show me that it is doable so here are some of the things I told him and some of the other things that come to mind if you are wanting to pursue flying as a job or even as a hobby so first I think you need to know that not everyone is going to share the same passions as you or interests I know it blows my mind that that not everyone wants to be a pilot because I just think flying is literally the coolest thing in the whole world uh but not everyone I don't say that with hyperbole I just I really believe that but not everyone's going to feel that way and so you are probably going to experience some push back or at least people kind of questioning like you sure you want to do that that's a lot of work you're going to be met with some of these questions and so I think you're going to have to give yourself permission to pursue the things that you're uniquely interested in um because other people aren't interested in the way that that you are and that's okay and then I think you have to make actionable plans to go pursue those things because other people aren't going to create the plan for you to go do the thing you want to do because that's not their dream and they're not as interested in that as you are and so if you're meeting some obstacles and other people not being as encouraging as you want I think you have to tell yourself like okay well then I'm going to have to be I'm going to have to put the plan together to go realize this dream because other people aren't as interested in it as I am now it is really really hard to pursue something when your loved ones aren't supportive of it or or even maybe if they're not all the way unsupportive but maybe they're just not as jazzed about it as you are I understand how hard that can be because you might not have the wind in your sales or the wind at your back so to speak but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't do it so I told Ryan this verbatim when I quit my job a few years ago to pursue entrepreneurship fulltime not everyone in my life was supportive and that just crushed me but I believe there's wisdom in following your passions because I think you have those passions and interests for a reason that's also not a reason to throw caution to the wind when those around you are encouraging you to not make that decision so for me it came down to a lot of prayer a lot of analysis and a lot of waiting to validate whether or not I was being flippant about a big financial and career decision or if it really was a sustained calling of sorts to change careers that had a very real Financial risk associated with it and so that's my advice to you too Proverbs 15:22 says without Council plans fail but with many advisors they succeed and even if you aren't a Christian there's still a lot of wisdom in that verse so definitely listen to the Council of those around you but also remember you might differ in your passions than others and that's okay and so secondly from a financial perspective I told Ryan that taking out a loan to go to flight school is really just a financial puzzle can you reasonably pay back those loans with the trajectory and road map of your pilot income and if you can then I don't think I don't think all debt is bad necessarily so if it can be used as a tool and it's not just Consumer Debt where you're just buying things you can't afford but if it's a tool that you're using to hopefully actually go make more money then I think it's a good tool it's just a financial puzzle at that point now if you're paying for flight school to be a pilot just as a hobby then obviously you're not going to be making money on it so it's it's a different Financial puzzle and I think it just comes down to living within your means which means spending less than you make and then being intentional about where you spend your money so for me flying is an expensive Hobby and I spend around $20,000 per year plus or minus owning and operating my own plane but for me that's totally worth it and how I want to spend part of my time in resources and my wife is on board with that as well and then in terms of training I really really think that you need to anticipate the middle of your training so what do I mean by that well the beginning the beginning of anything is fun because it's new and exciting and you have lots of energy the end also gets a little bit easier because you can see the finish line so you get Renewed Energy but that middle slum is where things get really hard because you're fatigued you have an appreciation for the amount of work involved and you have an appreciation for the amount of work left so those three things combined to make the middle really difficult and this is where most Pilots quit and they waste a lot of money and time because of it and so you really have to anticipate the middle because that slump is coming for you in a very real way and I think one of the best ways to get through that hard part of training is to surround yourself with like-minded people so if you're at a flight school try to meet the other students if if you're if if you're not at a flight school and you just have a one-off instructor join your local EA chapter get surrounded by other Pilots that are going through this or have been through this and be friendly with them practically I I would suggest this just find one other person and just start by asking your flight instructor hey what's the name and number of one other student that you're teaching that uh would would like to have kind of accountability partner or would like to talk to me and find a way to meet with them once a week it can be over a phone call Zoom call whatever just just give a progress update of your training say here's here's what I accomplished here's what I'm struggling with here's what I'm thinking about and and and it could be a really quick call and see the results um transparently I've been doing this lately for YouTube guy that's become a really really close friend of mine Barrett he has a really cool Channel called pickle ball kitchen you should go check it out hey Barrett we have a weekly Zoom call where we just talk about what's going on as creators things that we're struggling with ideas we have um things we're seeing that have gone well things that haven't gone well and we just talk about it and we're just kind of in the trenches together he lives in my city and we've become really really good friends and it's given me A Renewed Energy to push through some of the harder parts of being a Creator because I feel seen and understood and you have a buddy to go through it with and I can't find the link to the actual study I looked I looked hard for it but there are loads of Articles citing a study from the American Society of training and development back in 2010 that said you're 65% more likely to complete a goal if you tell someone else you're committing to do it and then get this and you're 95% more likely to accomplish that goal if you have consistent check-ins with that someone so it doesn't have to be complicated f find one way to make a new friend to say hey can we just encourage each other via text or just kind of be partners as we're going through this thing and have someone to talk to I promise it'll make a big difference the other way you can anticipate the difficulty of training and get yourself through it is to understand that learning to fly is kind of like learning a new sport that's also in another language your body has to learn new muscle memory for this sport but your brain also has to build fluency in the new language at the same time so that is some of the best advice I've ever gotten from an instructor it's simple that learning all this stuff is just building fluency in a new language and if you've ever learned a new language before you know how much practice and repetition it takes because you are learning new vocabulary new Concepts new verbs new everything right and so flying is really really similar and so I think if you can understand that you're just going to have to build a new fluency and that it's a new muscle and it's going to take practice I think you'll extend yourself a lot more grace because you won't be as freaked out about Air Traffic Control Communications for example because you're like oh yeah the reason that's overwhelming is cuz it's a freaking new language and I'm not fluent in it yet and so you'll give yourself some Grace when you say like man I really flubbed that that ATC transmission or whatever thank goodness no one heard it or whatever my instructor had to bail me out of that one it's fine you're learning new language and you're learning new sport and like there's nothing to relate to it so it's all all new now I still feel this problem even now 20 years in and th000 plus hours in it takes a lot of work to maintain your fluency on all the regulations and all all the things right and so I am working on a new helpful resource that I'm really just trying to solve my own problem of maintaining fluent INF fluency in this but it's something I'm be able to share with you really soon and I just launched an insiders newsletter where once a week I'm sending out an email kind of sharing some of the behind the scenes at airplane academy uh sharing a lesson that I've learned in aviation and how it can help you and then some links to my other content so you don't miss anything and this new resource that I'm working on that I'll be able to announce hopefully in the next couple months I'm going to be sharing first with my Insider newsletter and so uh you can sign up over at airplane academy.com insiders hopefully I'll be able to help you uh with more lessons and more helpful content and I'll also be sharing some sneak peaks of of this resource that I'm working on and I hope to see you there it's free airplane academy.com insiders I'll also put a link down in the description another really important lesson to learn about training is that there's never going to be a perfect time to do this and I fell victim to this while ago a year ago I was really wanting to go back well I've been wanting to get my commercial for a long time I started and stopped it many times I've talked about on this channel but a year ago I was telling my wife I said gosh I just I really want to get my commercial cuz I really want to get my CFI commercial feels like a lot of work there's a lot of stuff I have to relearn cuz I got my private forever ago um but I don't I don't know if right now is the right season you know like I was working on a couple startups that that I'm still involved in uh one of which is this Channel and I have two kids two and under and so by the time we put them to bed at night gosh I'm just I'm just exhausted I wake up and this just doesn't feel like a great season but I but I really want to do it and I'm so thankful that Corey my wife eventually just heard me say that a number of times and she just lovingly challenged me she's like you know I don't think there's going to be a better season than this I'm like what are you talking like this feels like a really difficult season to try to go back to flight school and relearn all this stuff and stay up late studying etc etc she goes yeah but like when when's it going to get any easier I mean okay a couple years from now yeah the kids are going to start staying up later and we're going to have sporting events and different things I mean like yeah you're tired by the time you put them to bed at 8:00 at night but they go to bed at night every night at 8: and then you have to stay home cuz in bed and we're not going to leave the house so isn't that actually the perfect time at night to be studying Like That season might go away soon and it's you're going to get even more involved in the evenings and stuff and I hadn't thought about it like that I I wasn't thinking opportunistically I was kind of thinking glass half to empty and so I took her on that advice okay you know I'm going to do it and uh it was hard getting back into the rhythms of studying and doing early morning flight lessons and stuff uh but I did it and I got through it and passed my commercial and then I did the same thing with my multic commercial a few months later and so I think you just have to realize there's never going to be a perfect time to do it and if you're looking for it it doesn't exist and so think about yeah how could I actually do it in this season instead of putting it off and the thing that had to more or less get cut out during that season was Netflix social media things that you can inadvertently waste a ton of time on and I didn't I didn't knock it out or or cut it out completely like I still I still watched you know shows and things as as a point of rest or whatever I wasn't just completely redlining like hustle bro just cut it out I mean I was it was like in moderation but I think most of us myself included spend way more time on this stuff than we possibly think and so that's my next piece of advice if you're wanting to become a pilot stop wasting time and I love what Ali abdal had to say about this recently on his YouTube channel he he's got a huge Channel he makes content on productivity and other things and one of his recent videos thought he said something really clever he said you know for someone that wants to watch three hours of Netflix and social media at night but then also says they don't have time to study or work towards their goal he said we either need to change the goal or change the plan in other words just stop wasting time you can't say you want this goal but you're unwilling to give up you know all this other time that you're spending on lesser things uh you like one of those has to give either change the realistic goal and quit saying you want to do this thing or be willing to give this up because giving this up is going to enable the time to go actually pursue the goal so don't spend and waste time on all these lesser things when what you're really wanting is this bigger thing you're working towards the other thing that I think will really help keep you motivated during training is to try to come from a place of thankfulness this is going to sound simple but please hear me out cuz this is this has really helped me lately in flying for example there's lots of tests that you have to take there's a written test there's an oral test and then there's a practical flight test plenty of tests and that can be really really intimidating when you're studying for that it's easy to come from a place of stress and thinking oh man all these things I have to memorize all these Concepts all these regulations all this stuff and uh you get really stressed out about it because there's a ton to know and then as your test date approaches it's it's easy for for stress to kind of consume you and it can make the whole process unpleasant and so instead of coming from a place of stress and control trying to come from a place of thankfulness and saying man like if you're stressed about your check ride that oral and and flight portion at the end um all of us get stressed for check rides it's part of it but maybe try coming from a place of thankfulness say man I'm I'm really thankful I'm at the point in my training where I'm almost to the check ride you know I'm not I'm not light years away from this thing I'm almost to the end and thankfully if I fail it like yeah that's going to hurt my ego a little bit but if I fail it I get to go retake it it's not like a oneandone sort of thing and so I'm thankful that I'm almost to the point where I'm done with this thing or you know gosh what an amazing time to live where even though I have to memorize all this stuff at least it's all in front of us because people for thousands of years didn't have access to this and they were just wondering they were looking up at the birds and like how the heck did we do that and they didn't know and they weren't anywhere near like figuring that out in their lifetime but we're here now and it's all in front of us in a book and in YouTube videos and all this stuff where we get to learn it it takes a lot of effort to learn but at least I'm thankful that we have the ability to learn it and so it's a small thing like please don't over and be like a it's hokey like it it's really really meaningful just take 10 seconds and say what can I be thankful for in this and I found that instead of getting really intimidated by The Challenge in front of me helps me be thankful for what I can be thankful for and helps me actually approach the challenge instead of just being scared of it and quitting early and then of course it goes without saying but I'm going to say it anyways like in case this is coming off as like a first world problem I just want to acknowledge the fact that we're even get to talk about this at all and like if this is our biggest problem is trying to me memorize a bunch of Aviation regul so we can fly our own plane like man we are so blessed that that is the problem that we're consumed with today if that's my biggest problem today is studying for a test so I can go fly my airplane like oh my gosh please please reframe my mind as to what what real problems are man I'm just grateful that we can even be talking about this and doing this in the first place because it is an enormous blessing and so from a tactical perspective got a couple pieces of advice first is that I think there are a lot of people watching YouTube and saying oh this this flying thing seems really really cool I'm thinking about thinking about watching videos and that's a great place to start but don't forget that you can go test it out before you commit to all of Flight Training so flight schools have what's called a discovery flight you can call them up they'll know what you're talking about I'm not like setting it's not like snipe hunting here I'm like oh tell ask about the discovery call and they'll laugh at you no this is real that's funny um it's a real thing and you can get it they'll put you in the left seat which is the pilot seat and you'll go do a flight and you'll experience the whole thing sometimes it's 30 minutes sometimes it's 60 Minutes it usually doesn't cost that much in the scheme of Flight Training and you go do the real thing and so kind of take it out of the internet realm of just something you're researching and bring it to real life sometimes they'll even let you record it or they'll record it for you um sometimes they don't want you to do that or whatever but then you can go back and watch it and so take the first step towards actually doing it go take a discovery flight and secondly and really importantly even when you do start ground school and you're learning all that required knowledge make sure you're taking your own notes along the way now that might sound obvious but since online Ground School has gotten so popular it's really easy to just watch the videos and think that you're retaining the knowledge after you watch each video that might work for a few videos but I promise you won't be able to memorize everything on the first take you will need a set of notes that you can study independently without the videos and without an instructor in front of you I made this mistake when I was going back through my commercial because most of it is reviewed from your private so as I was watching the uh the videos and stuff I thought yeah I already kind of know this or I'm certainly already familiar with it or whatever and then I went to start practice tests and I was getting like 80% I thought oh man I thought I'd do a lot better than that I realized there were like a lot of really specific regulations or specific numbers that I was close or I kind of knew the general idea uh but I was getting it wrong and so I had to go back and I realized oh man there's so much here so then I had to kind of make my own study guide so that way I had something to actually kind of uh commit to knowledge because practically you're not going to go rewatch The videos and binge the videos five times a day you need to be building some sort of note guide or study guide that way you can kind of be getting repetition with it so ah made that mistake I don't want you to make that mistake and then after making my own study guide I end up getting a 95% on the commercial test obviously I was going for 100 didn't get 100 but the reason it helps you to uh to score better I mean one you need to know the knowledge anyways right so that's that's the correct answer but practically speaking all the things that you get wrong on the test your examiner is going to have to talk to you about or ask you questions about that on the check ride so if you get a 70 that's still passing but but there's a lot more things that they're going to have to ask you in the check ride you want to try to make the check ride as short as you can reasonably so the higher you get the less questions less scrutiny you're going to get in that regard so again I think this this is a big challenge in aviation right now is maintaining that fluency understanding how do we get a lot of repetition on all those things to commit them to Memory and again I'm working on a really big project that I think is going to be able to help a lot of people I'm I'm building it CU I have this problem so I'm building the solution for me and that I'm want to be able to offer it to other people and I'm going to be talking about it on my insiders newsletter again airplane academy.com insiders and you can be the first to find out about it so back to Ryan from the very beginning of the story so we exchanged some emails and gave him some of the advice that I just shared here and to his credit he went through and and went all the way to become a certified flight instructor and he sent me an email you know a couple years later and said Charlie I just want to touch back in uh I'm a CFI now and I was so happy for him but uh funny enough he was living in the same city as me I'm based in Dallas Texas he said if you ever want to fly let me know and I said well actually I am working on my commercial right now and I found out that there is like one more requirement that I have to get for duel or whatever that I guess I just never checked off the list so actually do need a flight instructor to fly with me sometime would you want to be my flight instructor so we got together and we went flying and he signed my log book and it is so meaningful to me that he had reached out you know years ago saying I'm struggling with this thing um and then to his credit he put in the hard work and became a CFI and now he signed my log book so I think it's so relatable because Ryan's story absolutely can be your story you can absolutely become a pilot get your license own an airplane all these things are accomplishable the problem is most people wait and not only do they wait but sometimes they wait until a point where they actually can't do it at all and it's really really easy to fall into that and so in the video on the screen I want to share with you why right now is absolutely the best time to get started so I'll share with you why that is and how you can get started today so I'll see you in that video

  Top Comments:
  1. @AirplaneAcademy [62 likes]: Hi guys - I wanted to let you know that I just launched an Insiders Newsletter, where once a week I send an email with an important aviation lesson I've learned, links to my latest content so you won't miss anything, and occasional behind the scenes content. I'm also working on a big new project that I can't announce yet, but I will be sharing more behind the scenes content with my Insiders via email along the way. You sign up (free) at https://airplaneacademy.com/insiders
  2. @jayohkay3869 [1 likes]: I’m 22, just now getting into piloting. I’m so excited but so terrified. I’m following my passion. I’m extremely excited to follow my dream!
  3. @JoshuaJacobOfficial [1 likes]: u remind me of bob from stranger things, btw awesome vid really helped
  4. @jordyb323: only thing stopping me is moneyyyy :(
  5. @dark_papi6914: Im 27 years old with zero flying experience. I have lived my whole life deciding what I want to do, while at the same time not believing in myself at all, believing im not smart enough for anything. I’ve always loved the idea of becoming a pilot, and after years of doing so many different jobs, I really want to pursue this dream. The finances are what scare me, but what really scares me the most is not having enough love for myself. No one around me is supportive, so that just increases my disbelief in myself. But I really really want this. I can’t tell if im crazy, or if I actually have the strength to do this, and I don’t want to spend thousands to eventually realize that it’s too difficult and quit. If anyone has any advice, harsh and all, I would appreciate it so much. Blessings
  6. @spiritualrealitycheck: I’m 38, is it too late😭
  7. @mindsetmotivation9124: I'm also in Dallas
  8. @craigbull2367: Im 34 years old now. After wanting to fly all my life im finally taking the plunge and booked my ppl lessons. First lesson in 3 weeks. Your videos are great ground school is intimidating but watching your content helps
  9. @davida.4933: Get a sport pilot license first. You may not need a PPL.  Less expensive, less complex, and you may not even need a PPL. You may want to get 20 hrs. or so in ultralights before sport license.
  10. @rogerespinoza6105: I took my checkride twice and failed both of them, badly (didn’t even get to fly the plane). Got 75 hrs, spent about 20k for it, and haven’t touched it since 2022. Note to everyone out there, if you’re not dedicated to it, DONT DO IT.
  11. @erickmarquez3365: Great videos thank you.
  12. @Hey.ItsRandee: I feel the most intimidating thing about it, is finances. Being 29 working armed security guard making $2,500 a month just feels like it’s impossible.
  13. @adrianlikely7873: Awesome advice my friend
  14. @ibrahimAbubaker-o5c: guys this is the best job in the world, if you can only do it as hobby do it, do not listen to bums or parents that dont believe in you untill you make 500k a year
  15. @johndough1356: Eat more beef thiccness
  16. @yoursandurs: my life dream has always been to get my PPL but I am absolutely terrible at taking written tests. my brain doesn't retain that well by reading, especially if it is a lot of calculations so I probably would never even be able to pass the written exam. Then throw in the cost.....
  17. @linusadhikariABG: I AM RYAN
  18. @marcelogallocom: Im a 41 year old psychotherapist, from Buenos Aires, Argentina... bit of bored of just studying psychotherapy techniques over and over, over the last years, have a daughter of 6 and this video makes real sense to me. I just need a new dream before I die. I keep on seeing my clients fullfilling their dreams and I will start sometime near, probably right after a trip im doig next week. Great Channel.
  19. @robgoffroad: I tried in 2022 and gave up after a few months because the way the FAA handles medical clearances is absolutely idiotic and it would have taken 18-24 months to get one before I could ever even solo.  Pass.
  20. @ridgemont4il: Im 42 on the 16th is it possible to become a pilot

- Things No One tell you about being a Pilot | Watch This Before You Become a Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone sees the uniform, the wing, the views from 30,000 ft, but no one talks about this. These are some of the brutal truths that nobody tells you about. Here's 15 things no one tells you about being a pilot. Let's talk about it. You'll question yourself a lot. Did I make the right choice? Am I good enough? Can I really do this? There will be days when you mess up. There will be days when you feel like you're not enough. Days where you feel like everybody else is ahead of you. Days when your confident absolutely tinks. Imposttor syndrome does not skip pilots. In fact, it is one of our best friends. But here's what no one tells you. Even the best doubt themselves. So you are not alone in this. Do not feel like you are not enough. What matters is how you respond. You get up, debrief yourself, and keep moving ahead. That's the making of a real pilot. Your training never stops. You think you're dead after you pass your check ride? Think again. Recurrency sims, maneuvers, validation, emergency drills, and re-qualification exams. Your training never ends. You're constantly being evaluated, refreshed, and retested. But it's actually a good thing. Wouldn't you rather be safer by doing all these tests than be complacent and get hurt and hurt other people in the process? So these are extremely important and also help you stay on top of it because the day you stop learning, you're not just a pilot, you are a liability in the sky. Before we get into the most brutal truth of this video, I wanted to address a question that I keep getting very often. How to become a commercial pilot in the US if you are an international student. If you want to go from where you are today to becoming a commercial airline pilot in the US, I'm going to be hosting a webinar to tell you exactly how to do it because it is possible. I was where you are just a couple years ago and today I'm a commercial airline pilot in the US. If you want to find out how to do this, how much it costs, the hidden costs that nobody tells you about, the visa processes, what kind of flight schools to look for, and a step-by-step guide on how to go from where you are today, to becoming a commercial airline pilot, either in the US or in your own country. This is going to be the most comprehensive, best career tip that you will ever receive. Check out the link in the description to join the weight list for the webinar. Now, let's move on to the most difficult and hardest truth about being a pilot that nobody tells you. Loneliness hits different at 3:00 a.m. There's a kind of silence in hotel rooms that echoes when your body clock is flipped, your friends are asleep, and the only thing keeping you company is the buzz of the mini fridge in the corner. Yes, you're surrounded by people all day, but sometimes flying can feel isolating. You'll crave real connection, the kind that you have with friends and family, but you can't have because you're always gone. And in those quiet hours, you come face to face with yourself. Sometimes that can be powerful. Other times, it can be revealing of who you really are and what you're missing out. Being a pilot will test you mentally, emotionally, and financially. Flight school is expensive. We all know that. Airline upgrades aren't always linear. It doesn't always work out the way you plan. Schedules are brutal and the mental load heavy heavy. You'll cry. You'll doubt yourself. You'll burn out. And hopefully, you'll bounce back up, too. Each time that happens, you only become stronger, sharper, wiser. Because the ones who make it here are not the smartest ones or the richest ones. The ones who make it here are simply the ones that do not quit. You'll miss important moments. Birthdays, anniversaries, weddings. You might miss them all. You'll send I miss you texts from hotel rooms, FaceTime into family dinners, and watch life milestones just pass you by while you're in a city that you didn't even want to be in the first place. No one tells you that while you're chasing clouds in the sky, life on the ground moves on with or without you. You learn to be present in the absence. You learn to love from afar, to show up in small but meaningful ways, and most importantly to forgive yourself for the moments that you're not there for. But nonetheless, the sacrifice stings, especially when it's your niece's first steps, and you are missing it because you're in a city you didn't even want to be in the first place. Layovers aren't vacations. Yes, you can see new places, but not always. Sometimes the only sightseeing you get is the trip from the airport to the hotel in the crew van. Sometimes your layover is a 4-hour nap and a soggy sandwich that you have to grab on the go to not be late for your flight. It's not all glamorous like you see on your curated Instagram feed. But if you're intentional, you can definitely carve out little pockets of joy in every little trip you make and find ways to enjoy it and find moments of happiness in it. It just takes effort and willingness to make the most out of your small layover or a long labor, whatever you're getting. Your circle will shrink. You can't text your friends as much. People will stop inviting you to things, assuming you won't be around. Some might even resent your lifestyle, your schedule, and the fact that you're always somewhere else. But here's the bright side. The ones who stay are your people. It will show you who your girlfriends are and who really matter and who will stick with you till the end. Your circle might get smaller, but it will also get stronger, tougher, built on truth, not convenience. Relationships get tested. Romantic platonic family, this job, it stretches them all. You learn the value of trust, of setting expectations, of small gestures that show them that you care. Because being gone doesn't mean being distant, but it does mean working harder to stay connected. The ones who get it, they'll stay. The ones that don't, they'll drift away. Unfortunately, that's the reality of this job. You will never look at the sky the same way. Clouds are no longer just puffy little things. They become stories and a magnifying glass to what lays ahead. Because the sky becomes a second language, the one only pilots speak fluently. And even on the toughest days, you get to see views out of your office window that most people will never get to see in their entire lives. Views that I cannot put into words to explain just how beautiful they are and I cannot capture. So they forever live in my memories and mine alone. And I cannot show anybody just how beautiful this world is. You learn how to stay calm when everything is chaotic. When an engine alert pops up. When ATC reroutes you last minute. When you're flying into weather and every passenger is gripping their armrest. Your job is to be the calmst person in the room. Well, in the sky. It's not just about controlling the aircraft. It's about controlling your mind. Calm is powerful and it can save lives. Flight school isn't glamorous. You'll fly old, beat up planes in weird weather and with no air conditioning. There will be days with backto-back lessons, sweaty headsets, engine run-ups in the blazing sun, and debriefs that'll leave your ego extremely bruised. But one day when you look back, you'll miss it. The purity of chasing your wings, the passion you had that brought you to this point. So at the end of the day, it is all worth it. Weather will be your best friend and your worst enemy. It's your constant companion. You learn how to read mears and taps and all the gibberish of letters and numbers and combinations will actually start making sense. And sometimes it'll betray you. Out of nowhere, storms will shift and things that you didn't expect to happen will happen. And it might force you to divert, cancel, or delay flights. It humbles you. It reminds you even though you can read all this, have an amazing airplane, nature holds all the power. You'll feel behind even when you're not. Everyone has an opinion on your timeline. You'll see your classmates get jobs before you do. Friends hitting milestones when you are stuck in the same spot. But aviation is not linear. It doesn't always work the same way. Some paths are slower. Some paths are more windy. Some paths are just different. But none of them are wrong. As long as you're moving forward, even if it is one knot at a time, you're not behind. You are making progress and you are moving ahead. The job market isn't always fair. You could do everything right and still miss out and get skipped on a job opportunity. Timing, company politics, economy, and let's not forget the pandemic. Everything can change what is going to happen. It is not always about talent. A lot of time it's simply about timing and that can hurt. But it also teaches you resilience. It teaches you to stay ready so you don't have to get ready when the door finally opens and the opportunity arrives. Number 15 is you'll fall in love with it all over again. After all the hard days, even after the missed birthdays, bad sim session, and lonely nights in hotel rooms in unfamiliar cities, there will be moments, quiet, breathtaking moments when you remember exactly why you picked this job and why you love this job. Watching the sunrise through the flight deck window never gets old. The soft tud of the wheels after you absolutely grease a landing. Such an exhilarating feeling. The look on a little kid's face when you walk by or they see you through the flight deck door and they're just waving at you. That is why you're here. That is the feeling that this job inspires and you'll fall in love again and again and again because flying is hard and it's challenging, but it's also nothing short of magic. If you're still watching this video, maybe this job is for you. Because despite knowing the brutal truths that nobody tells you, if you're still here, maybe you have that resilience in you, the I don't quit attitude that is required to succeed in this job. So, keep going. We'll see you in the sky. Which of these facts surprise you the most? Let me know in the comments below. And I'll see you in my next video. Until then, signing off, Lightning Girl. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LightninGirl [41 likes]: Join the WEBINAR ✈ https://www.joinavion.com/webinar

A complete Roadmap from 0 hours to Airline Pilot for international students! Are you ready to let your dreams take off?
  2. @SaidaRahma-u7e [3 likes]: Im a 17 year old girl from Ghana , i recently had interest in being a pilot and im writing my final exams in high school next year , i really want to pursue piloting , i know nothing but i have a great feeling that , with hardwork and a little disciplain and of course my lord,  inshallah i can make it .
I need your help with everything,  i wanted to join your webinar but i couldnt get access to it .
I hope you reply , cause im desperate and im willing to sacrifice everything. 
Yes the truth about being a pilot is brutal.  I want to experience it , all of it .
And like you said , its all worth it .
I really needed this video , thanks😊
  3. @ChandanaPadmavathi [2 likes]: About job opportunity is very less are selected
  4. @MartaWako [2 likes]: Am 14 turning 15 on may 20 2026 also a girl and my dream is to be a pilot and i admier u alot  i want you posting more stuff like this tnx
  5. @realmayabini [1 likes]: Hi you are my inspiration. Can you plz make a video about Pilots height, weight requirements? Take love❤❤
  6. @ShahzaibKhurram-l8m: I'm gonna be starting my CPL study journey soon. Wish me luck.
  7. @user_263cj79sjx: i knew learning gibberish would be hard but i didn’t even fully recognize just how impactful the mental toll would be of isolation 😓😓
  8. @Jyotika-h5t: Hello now I am in grade 9 not good in ict could you guide me please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  9. @hofahofa3627: 10 minutes of listening to you changed a lot of thoughts , thank you and keep going
  10. @lobbyrobby: This was a wonderful video
  11. @michaelallen1396: I'm line maintenance for 35 years, being a pilot is real tough on women, most of the ones I've met are old and childless, it's a miserable lifestyle that pays really really well.
  12. @user-kf9sb6xi7q: stupidest video ever.. pure show off and woke
  13. @khushifunshow: I don't know about the struggles❤
But this video just made me love aviation even more ❤
I'm an 14 year old 
Confused... Stuck... Not sure about any path actually
Maths is the one thing that is on the path of aviation for me
And i don't want to take maths in 11 and 12 
I'll be doing it through open schooling after 12th that might slow me down 
But i want to dedicate all my time to physics...
Chemistry is mandatory too so yeah.. and doing maths on top will just make me procrastinate and end up with nothing 
I enjoy creative paths as well 
But planes fascinate me a lot ❤
  14. @MimimmasK: wow thank u  so mach i see the thing no one tell me about it me i am 16 and i want to learn a pilot and now i am learning a a pilot now i am in hight school thank you so mach your good word
  15. @737copilot: I was a copilot for 6 years (from jan 2020 to dec 20025), in december I quit commercial aviation. I couldn't bear the loliness, hotels, shitty rosters and odd working hours anymore. 
Maybe i'll come back, but not in a near future.
  16. @praptilondhe10221: What is height limit?? Plz tell
  17. @utkarsh_yadavx: Is pilot is a risky job means secure or not means airline jb merji nikal de ?????
  18. @Bhrigu-y4y: Pilot fees is so high 
I can't afford 😞 what I do ?
  19. @davidg.4053: I'm a french 16 year old with dreams to become an airline pilot via the ENAC which seems to be the best european state sponsored school in europe and eventually join Air France, Delta or Emirates (unless I need to go through an intermediary company) and I find this video quite interesting as I might go to the United States to join Delta and escape the major tax increases in France... (bruh we are at like 45.3%  compared to 20% for the United States)
  20. @andrewchr: 99% of people also think that pilots also don't do anything because the autopilot does everything for them.

- How to gain control of your free time | Laura Vanderkam | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Leslie Gauthier Reviewer: Camille Martínez When people find out I write about time management, they assume two things. One is that I'm always on time, and I'm not. I have four small children, and I would like to blame them for my occasional tardiness, but sometimes it's just not their fault. I was once late to my own speech on time management. (Laughter) We all had to just take a moment together and savor that irony. The second thing they assume is that I have lots of tips and tricks for saving bits of time here and there. Sometimes I'll hear from magazines that are doing a story along these lines, generally on how to help their readers find an extra hour in the day. And the idea is that we'll shave bits of time off everyday activities, add it up, and we'll have time for the good stuff. I question the entire premise of this piece, but I'm always interested in hearing what they've come up with before they call me. Some of my favorites: doing errands where you only have to make right-hand turns -- Being extremely judicious in microwave usage: it says three to three-and-a-half minutes on the package, we're totally getting in on the bottom side of that. And my personal favorite, which makes sense on some level, is to DVR your favorite shows so you can fast-forward through the commercials. That way, you save eight minutes every half hour, so in the course of two hours of watching TV, you find 32 minutes to exercise. Which is true. You know another way to find 32 minutes to exercise? Don't watch two hours of TV a day, right? Anyway, the idea is we'll save bits of time here and there, add it up, we will finally get to everything we want to do. But after studying how successful people spend their time and looking at their schedules hour by hour, I think this idea has it completely backward. We don't build the lives we want by saving time. We build the lives we want, and then time saves itself. Here's what I mean. I recently did a time diary project looking at 1,001 days in the lives of extremely busy women. They had demanding jobs, sometimes their own businesses, kids to care for, maybe parents to care for, community commitments -- busy, busy people. I had them keep track of their time for a week so I could add up how much they worked and slept, and I interviewed them about their strategies, for my book. One of the women whose time log I studied goes out on a Wednesday night for something. She comes home to find that her water heater has broken, and there is now water all over her basement. If you've ever had anything like this happen to you, you know it is a hugely damaging, frightening, sopping mess. So she's dealing with the immediate aftermath that night, next day she's got plumbers coming in, day after that, professional cleaning crew dealing with the ruined carpet. All this is being recorded on her time log. Winds up taking seven hours of her week. Seven hours. That's like finding an extra hour in the day. But I'm sure if you had asked her at the start of the week, "Could you find seven hours to train for a triathlon?" to mentor seven worthy people?" I'm sure she would've said what most of us would've said, which is, "No -- can't you see how busy I am?" Yet when she had to find seven hours because there is water all over her basement, she found seven hours. And what this shows us is that time is highly elastic. We cannot make more time, but time will stretch to accommodate what we choose to put into it. And so the key to time management is treating our priorities as the equivalent of that broken water heater. To get at this, I like to use language from one of the busiest people I ever interviewed. By busy, I mean she was running a small business with 12 people on the payroll, she had six children in her spare time. I was getting in touch with her to set up an interview on how she "had it all" -- that phrase. I remember it was a Thursday morning, and she was not available to speak with me. Of course, right? But the reason she was unavailable to speak with me is that she was out for a hike, because it was a beautiful spring morning, and she wanted to go for a hike. So of course this makes me even more intrigued, and when I finally do catch up with her, she explains it like this. She says, "Listen Laura, everything I do, every minute I spend, is my choice." And rather than say, "I don't have time to do x, y or z," she'd say, "I don't do x, y or z because it's not a priority." "I don't have time," often means "It's not a priority." If you think about it, that's really more accurate language. I could tell you I don't have time to dust my blinds, but that's not true. If you offered to pay me $100,000 I would get to it pretty quickly. Since that is not going to happen, I can acknowledge this is not a matter of lacking time; it's that I don't want to do it. Using this language reminds us that time is a choice. And granted, there may be horrible consequences for making different choices, I will give you that. But we are smart people, and certainly over the long run, we have the power to fill our lives with the things that deserve to be there. So how do we do that? How do we treat our priorities of that broken water heater? Well, first we need to figure out what they are. I want to give you two strategies for thinking about this. The first, on the professional side: I'm sure many people coming up to the end of the year are giving or getting annual performance reviews. You look back over your successes over the year, your "opportunities for growth." And this serves its purpose, but I find it's more effective to do this looking forward. So I want you to pretend it's the end of next year. You're giving yourself a performance review, and it has been an absolutely amazing year for you professionally. What three to five things did you do that made it so amazing? So you can write next year's performance review now. And you can do this for your personal life, too. I'm sure many of you, like me, come December, get cards that contain these folded up sheets of colored paper, on which is written what is known as the family holiday letter. Bit of a wretched genre of literature, really, going on about how amazing everyone in the household is, or even more scintillating, how busy everyone in the household is. But these letters serve a purpose, which is that they tell your friends and family what you did in your personal life that mattered to you over the year. So this year's kind of done, but I want you to pretend it's the end of next year, and it has been an absolutely amazing year for you and the people you care about. year's family holiday letter now. Don't send it. Please, don't send it. But you can write it. And now, between the performance review and the family holiday letter, we have a list of six to ten goals we can work on in the next year. And now we need to break these down into doable steps. So maybe you want to write a family history. First, you can read some other family histories, get a sense for the style. Then maybe think about the questions you want to ask your relatives, set up appointments to interview them. Or maybe you want to run a 5K. So you need to find a race and sign up, figure out a training plan, and dig those shoes out of the back of the closet. And then -- this is key -- we treat our priorities as the equivalent of that broken water heater, by putting them into our schedules first. We do this by thinking through our weeks before we are in them. I find a really good time to do this is Friday afternoons. Friday afternoon is what an economist might call a "low opportunity cost" time. Most of us are not sitting there on Friday afternoons saying, "I am excited to make progress toward my personal and professional priorities right now." But we are willing to think about what those should be. So take a little bit of time Friday afternoon, make yourself a three-category priority list: career, relationships, self. Making a three-category list reminds us that there should be something in all three categories. Career, we think about; relationships, self -- not so much. But anyway, just a short list, two to three items in each. Then look out over the whole of the next week, and see where you can plan them in. Where you plan them in is up to you. I know this is going to be more complicated for some people than others. I mean, some people's lives are just harder than others. It is not going to be easy to find time to take that poetry class if you are caring for multiple children on your own. I get that. And I don't want to minimize anyone's struggle. But I do think that the numbers I am about to tell you are empowering. There are 168 hours in a week. Twenty-four times seven is 168 hours. That is a lot of time. If you are working a full-time job, so 40 hours a week, sleeping eight hours a night, so 56 hours a week -- that leaves 72 hours for other things. You say you're working 50 hours a week, maybe a main job and a side hustle. Well, that leaves 62 hours for other things. You say you're working 60 hours. Well, that leaves 52 hours You say you're working more than 60 hours. Well, are you sure? There was once a study comparing people's estimated work weeks with time diaries. They found that people claiming 75-plus-hour work weeks were off by about 25 hours. You can guess in which direction, right? Anyway, in 168 hours a week, I think we can find time for what matters to you. If you want to spend more time with your kids, you want to study more for a test you're taking, you want to exercise for three hours and volunteer for two, you can. And that's even if you're working way more than full-time hours. So we have plenty of time, which is great, because guess what? We don't even need that much time to do amazing things. But when most of us have bits of time, what do we do? Pull out the phone, right? Start deleting emails. Otherwise, we're puttering around the house or watching TV. But small moments can have great power. You can use your bits of time for bits of joy. Maybe it's choosing to read something wonderful on the bus on the way to work. I know when I had a job that required two bus rides and a subway ride every morning, I used to go to the library on weekends to get stuff to read. It made the whole experience almost, almost, enjoyable. Breaks at work can be used for meditating or praying. If family dinner is out because of your crazy work schedule, maybe family breakfast could be a good substitute. It's about looking at the whole of one's time and seeing where the good stuff can go. I truly believe this. There is time. Even if we are busy, we have time for what matters. And when we focus on what matters, we can build the lives we want in the time we've got. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sitinuraisyah08 [2 likes]: We don't build the lives we want by saving time, We build the live we wants and then time saves itself.

I don't have time = it's not my priority.

Time is a choice and every Choice had consequences but We have the power to fill our lives with the things that deserve to be there

First we need to figure out what they are.
1. The professional side
Pretend that it's the end of next year you're giving urself a performance review and it has been an absolutely amazing year for u professionally, write down what 3-5 things did u do that made it so amazing? And do the same thing for personal life too like writing the family holiday letter that tell ur friends and family what u did in your personal life that mattered to u over the year

Now we have 6-10 goals we can work on in the next year then we need to break these down into doable steps

We treat our priorities by putting them Into our schedule first.
We do this by thinking through our weeks before we are in them (exp: Friday afternoon) when we are willing to think about what those (doable steps) should be. So take a little bit of time in Friday afternoon and make a three-category priority list (career, relationship and self)
Make 2-3 items in each. Then look out over the whole of the next week and see where u can plan them in.

There are 168 hours in a week and we can find time for what matters to u. 

U can use a bits of time for bits of joy. Like choosing something to read on the bus on the way to work.

There is time, even when we're busy we have time to what matters and when we focus on what matters we can build the lives we want in the time we've got
  2. @coachbeena [1 likes]: There are 168 hours in a week  Even with a full-time job and eight hours of sleep a night, you still have 72 hours left for other pursuits.

Prioritize Ruthlessly for three categories career, relationships, and self. Make schedule to include them every week. 
Utilize all small moments
  3. @anmol__00900 [1 likes]: Step one : stop watching YouTube at 1 Am
  4. @0088Tanha: Who is watching this video to enhance your IELTS listening?
  5. @SMD24: Title wise, this is where I think life becomes a situation and the reason is I heard an employee story demanding to work only 4 days a week, 5 hours a day at an office and to me that's just not fair regardless of the car traffic in a situation and not only but people on the manual labor side well they work more especially retail-factory-fast foods/food industry. Like for me I never got that and I worked manual labor jobs I worked 6 days a week in retail alongside a few 10 hour shifts on retail holidays and some 6 days a week in the food industry and if all these headquarter owned office jobs associated well I think people should work 6 days a week/6 to 8 hours a day either at home or in office. Anyways, that's just not fair within a civil war of Employee vs. Employee from 2 different things in a situation. Not only that, it's not fair where an employee in office has time to make friends and go to clubs and stuff where people in manual don't have that opportunity of exposure, learning, and gaining insight
  6. @MustafaNaiby-m8o: This video is from 9 years ago at that time social media and AI didn't exist and wasted our time deleting Emails ha!?
  7. @GvnJk-p2o2t: I was once late for my speech on Time Management" haha epic
  8. @LisaGiesler: As a professional organizer, I’ve seen it as well. The only thing that I watch with this is the cleaning and decluttering of the house and those who have the resources to hire the extra help versus those who are doing it on their own and I know what people will say. Higher for the low things which is true, but I was burning myself out because I was very successful so I decided to step back on how much I was hustling to get more work to get this big six figure salary and I’m actually happier because I have more money in my account because I’m not paying all the extra networking and staff and I actually have time to be at home and I’ve written four books.
  9. @raniellewalisson8268: Watched and added to "watched later"
  10. @NhưLâm-u1u: amazing, watch online but clapped at the end
  11. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: U know that personal person wants only letdown
  12. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: She is person back photo
  13. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Who is looking u .u know 🤔🧠
  14. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: U know if go ancient times.. thought can happen wrong and can go good way
  15. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Science 🔭.. who am I 🤔
  16. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: U know it's way only going now time, if it's time down 👇 u feel automatic
  17. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Actually time spent its own wish..if 🧠 want looking love song, dance.. its human rights.. but real man time spent looking another level if nothing else, but progress by look got new idea..its time spent
  18. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Hello 👋
  19. @faisayousuf2351: Even if we are busy, we have time for what matters!
  20. @locnedungso199: hi

- How To Master Time Management – ADHD Skills Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Dr. Tracey Marks a psychiatrist, and I make mental health education videos. Today, I'm talking about the things you can do to help your ADHD. And this is a followup to a video I did on executive function. In that video, I talk about, the different ways ADHD affects your decision making, your planning abilities, time management, and other tasks. When it comes to non-medication ways to manage your ADHD symptoms, we can break it down into these three domains: time management, organization and planning. This video is dedicated to time management. People with ADHD typically have trouble estimating how long things will take and adjusting their schedules accordingly. As a result, you may be frequently late to things, or can it can even affect your ability to finish things because you don't take into account how long things should take. Also with ADHD, the loss of time has a cumulative effect. You can just lose time to things that you can't even track. So step one, to master this time management skill is to have constant access to time pieces. Do you wear a watch? You may say, "I don't need a watch "because I've got my phone." But you can't always pull your phone out to look at the time. You want your awareness of the time to be a seamless flow, because it's always there in your face. If it takes too much effort to know the time, you'll just act without knowing probably assuming that you're fine with the time. So you want to have a watch on your wrist and clocks on the walls in the rooms where you spend the most time, like the kitchen, bedroom, home office and bathroom. The watch gives you access when you're in places where there's no clock in easy view. And the clock is for easy view, when you don't have your watch on, you're not wearing it for some reason, or you just don't wanna lift up your wrist. Have you been late for an appointment because you took a 30 minute shower that you thought was gonna be a quick five minutes? That's where a bathroom clock is a must. The next step is to estimate the time that it takes for your usual tasks. Knowing how long things take, can help you plan your day, leave your home in time for things, and know how much of something that you can complete. Leaving things undone can happen because you get distracted or bored, but it can also be a factor of starting something that will take you more time than you have. And repetitively leaving things undone chips away at your motivation and self esteem. It's very satisfying to be able to complete something, even if it's a small task. So you want to make a list of your usual tasks and over the course of a few days, time how long it takes you. Your list may look something like this, getting ready for school or work. And if task takes you more than an hour, by the way, you should break it down into sub tasks to see what takes you the longest, then keep that separate. So it may take you 40 minutes to shower and groom yourself, brush your teeth, comb your hair, et cetera. Then have a separate task of eating, preparing your lunch and getting out of the door. Then include things like doing laundry, dishes, other house chores, walking your dog, sorting your mail. Let's say you have a task that you do that you can never seem to do in one sitting. And because of that, you always get behind on it because the unfinished tasks pile up on you. Use this exercise to time the activity and break it down into phases of the tasks. So you can see where the time goes. Here's an example. Judy gets anxious thinking about her piles of laundry that she can't get under control. She first estimated that it takes her about two hours for the wash and the dry cycle. Then maybe another 30 minutes to fold. But at any given time, she has piles of clean clothes in baskets and on a bed in the guest room. And the family goes into the room and gets clothes from the bed, clothes fall on the floor, get stepped on. And then you can't tell what's clean and what's not. You might say, "Why can't other people fold those clothes?" That's not the point. The point is in her head, Judy thinks that laundry is this basic task of putting clothes into machines, and it only takes about two and a half hours, but she can never find a two and a half hour block of time to do it. So to really see this task through to completion, it was important to break out the different aspects of doing laundry and knowing how long it took to do each of those things. So when she did that, she realized it took 15 minutes to gather all of the clothes from everyone's room and then take them downstairs and put them into the washing machine. It took an hour and a half for the wash and the dryer cycle together. It took anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes to fold the clothes and another 10 minutes to put them away. So it takes Judy the initial 15 minutes to gather the laundry. And then after an hour and a half break, it's another 30 minutes to process each load. With her family there was easily four to five loads of laundry each week. So folding and putting away could easily take a couple of hours. Knowing this helped Judy plan how she did the laundry, because one of her problems was that she set an unrealistic task for herself to have a day where she does the laundry. That was overwhelming because it was too many steps and she couldn't sustain her attention to the final steps. And this is especially hard, when you have to an hour and a half to do the next step. So the natural inclination would be to save it for later, knowing that the second part of the laundry would take a couple of hours, allowed her to schedule that as its own thing, and then break it into steps. So after she completes the mountain of laundry that sits on the bed, she would then schedule separate times to sort fold and put away. Now, this may seem like common sense. And if it does, it's probably because you don't have this problem, but ADHD causes problems with executive functioning, which includes planning, time estimation and organization. And when you face a task that has multiple steps to it, it's very easy to lose track of the steps and just have them drop off or be left unfinished or poorly finished in a way that causes problems like not knowing where your clothes are because they're underneath a pile. Or your favorite tops slipped under the bed after someone stepped on it. And this means it took you an extra 20 minutes in the morning, finding your clothes to wear. So this problem with time has a trickle down effect. And this highlights a point when you are timing your morning activities, you may have to break out how much time you spend finding clothes to wear. So the time awareness exercise involves two parts. The first part is estimating the time for your usual tasks. And you don't wanna guess on this. You wanna look at your watch and write down the start time and finish time on a time log. Then the second part is to look at the tasks that take you a long time to do and are problematic for you, causing you to be late, break those down into smaller tasks, and then time them. You can use this time log later for planning your day, as well as troubleshooting things that are eating up too much of your time. Like the example of spending 15 minutes each morning, figuring out what you wanna wear or finding clothes. So you can use this list later to reduce some time inefficiencies. The third and final step that I'll talk about in this video is to keep a planner. I suggest two different kinds of planners, a daily planner, to keep up with your daily activities and a week at a glance calendar so that you can keep a bird's eye view of what's currently going on in your life, and what's coming up in the future. This is something you wanna carry with you all the time. It doesn't have to be paper, it can be digital, if you're more comfortable using something on your phone. With ADHD out of sight is out of mind. So if it's not on your planner, it doesn't exist. You don't wanna crowd your head with all of the things that you need to remember to do. If you happen to remember great, but you don't want the burden of needing to remember, because with ADHD, mental clutter gets purged without your knowledge, your brain just lets go of it for you. And the information is gone until someone reminds you of what you missed. You want your planner to include appointments and tasks. Now that how long things will take, you can avoid having things overlap each other. You wanna look at your planner at the beginning of the day and the end of the day. You look at it at the beginning of the day to get an overview of what you've got to do for the day. And then you wanna look at it at the end of the day, to see what things were left unfinished and what you've got going on the next day. If there are things that you didn't complete, you wanna move that task to another time slot. And that could be the next day, or it could be several days down the road. If you notice a pattern of certain things that you never seem to finish, in the time that you thought you should, that can be a task that you break down into sub tasks and assign those as separate things for your to do list. So this may seem like a lot of work to get all of this going. When tasks seem too overwhelming to start, it means that the task is too big. So you break it down into parts. So I'll break down what I've talked about in this video into parts. Start with getting a watch and having an adequate number of clocks, visible to you in areas where you spend time. Then create your time log using your watch and your clocks. This may take you several days to do and start with the big things that you do, like getting ready for work, chores, eating dinner, getting ready for bed. And this list can also include things that you do at work, so you can have a better understanding of how you use your time at work. And this is to help you appreciate time. Lastly, you get a daily planner and either a weekly or monthly planner. You're gonna use the daily planner to track your appointments, obligations, and your to do list. And you're going to consult the planner twice a day. In the morning to appreciate the scope of your day and in the evening to reflect on how your day transpired and review what you've got going on tomorrow. It also gives you a chance to reschedule things that you didn't complete. Okay, thanks for watching. I hope this is helpful for you. Go improve your time awareness and then come back later to hear about how to follow through with difficult tasks. Stay tuned, see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrTraceyMarks [128 likes]: THIS VIDEO NOW HAS TRANSLATED AUDIO
The languages are Arabic, Dutch, French, German, Hindi, Portuguese, and Spanish
Click or tap the gear icon and choose the audio
  2. @amoblahblah [1 likes]: I heard, “Be a completely different person.”
  3. @2hp_gamer271 [1 likes]: This sounds great, but I don’t want to live based of a minute plan because then I won’t be in the moment. But also if I don’t have a plan I tend to not get anything done.
  4. @ChandlerTwitty: Bathroom clock! Of course! How have I never thought of this? This alone is going to make a big difference to my life. And save a lot of water. Thank you.
  5. @anikaparker1077: I wish people would stop using the euphemism “time management,” when they should be encouraging “self-management.” There is no such thing as “time management.” You can neither speed up time, nor can you slow down time. And you most certainly cannot rewind time for a do-over. The amount of water that passes through a damn can be managed, but not time. 
The only thing we can possibly manage, in any meaningful way, are ourselves. By setting starting and stopping parameters, of which I predetermine, I can hopefully manage how much time I spend on surfing the web. I can attempt to manage my environment, my routines, and my excesses. And at the end of the day, I hope I have managed my life better, than if I had been running after the illusive and false idea of “time management.”
  6. @lowflyingdonut: cant solve forgetting to do a task by adding another task to remember the task.  can't solve being unaware of how much time has passed by saying "look at a clock every few minutes", see the problem?
  7. @Mila-AanFeutz: Anyone else watching on x2
  8. @denisedigiovanni615: I feel so understood watching these videos, can't believe there are actual solutions for these problems. I love so much that I don't have to make a strategy for myself cause you explained me what the strategy for me looks like ❤
  9. @hatchet8209: Keep it simple
  10. @anannymoose: You're highly engaging and eloquent. Thank you for your videos!
  11. @annako5873: Ahahaha, I lost my watch at the gym a week ago and have forgotten to pick it up there since 😂 the struggle is real
  12. @deborahbiggs-ivey6820: Hello , I had a question about creatine and helping with cognitive needs like memory and focus is the is true and what is the best creatine to use
  13. @slurplie: make a list? block out tasks? do math? schedule?
never heard of these words
  14. @estefaniamorales709: thank you so much. you have helped me like you have no idea Tracey
  15. @tesprit: Damn... I feel seen 👀
  16. @bleeka325: I have a timer app that tells me how much time is left on my timer every 5 minutes and it  tells me why time it is. It’s a game changer for getting ready in the morning
  17. @davidcloyd1296: Started watching, thought of sending this to someone, thinking how it would help them, next thing I knew the video was over and I didn’t pay attention to anything past putting clocks everywhere.
  18. @sportingdirector1: Also read something that said leaving 20% of your calendar open makes you more productive than people who have a full calendar
  19. @vatsalajayakumar3442: What u said is correct all my rooms have clock and i do have wridt watches.
  20. @lebundon: I don't know if i have ADHD, but one thing that i struggle with is marking something to do, and then actually doing it.

I think the task over and over, i see how i am going to do it, everything that i will feel doing it, and i hate it and just don't do it.
I do it alot with games. I have the feeling or urge to play a specific game. I think of how the game will go and just give up once i boot it up.

- How to manage your time more effectively (according to machines) - Brian Christian: Kind: captions Language: en In the summer of 1997, NASA's Pathfinder spacecraft landed on the surface of Mars, and began transmitting incredible, iconic images back to Earth. But several days in, something went terribly wrong. The transmissions stopped. Pathfinder was, in effect, procrastinating: keeping itself fully occupied but failing to do its most important work. What was going on? There was a bug, it turned out, in its scheduler. Every operating system has something called the scheduler that tells the CPU how long to work on each task before switching, and what to switch to. Done right, computers move so fluidly between their various responsibilities, they give the illusion of doing everything simultaneously. But we all know what happens when things go wrong. This should give us, if nothing else, some measure of consolation. Even computers get overwhelmed sometimes. Maybe learning about the computer science of scheduling can give us some ideas about our own human struggles with time. One of the first insights is that all the time you spend prioritizing your work is time you aren't spending doing it. For instance, let's say when you check your inbox, you scan all the messages, choosing which is the most important. Once you've dealt with that one, you repeat. Seems sensible, but there's a problem here. This is what's known as a quadratic-time algorithm. With an inbox that's twice as full, these passes will take twice as long and you'll need to do twice as many of them! This means four times the work. The programmers of the operating system Linux encountered a similar problem in 2003. Linux would rank every single one of its tasks in order of importance, and sometimes spent more time ranking tasks than doing them. The programmers’ counterintuitive solution was to replace this full ranking with a limited number of priority “buckets.” The system was less precise about what to do next but more than made up for it by spending more time making progress. So with your emails, insisting on always doing the very most important thing first could lead to a meltdown. Waking up to an inbox three times fuller than normal could take nine times longer to clear. You’d be better off replying in chronological order, or even at random! Surprisingly, sometimes giving up on doing things in the perfect order may be the key to getting them done. Another insight that emerges from computer scheduling has to do with one of the most prevalent features of modern life: interruptions. When a computer goes from one task to another, it has to do what's called a context switch, bookmarking its place in one task, moving old data out of its memory and new data in. Each of these actions comes at a cost. The insight here is that there’s a fundamental tradeoff between productivity and responsiveness. Getting serious work done means minimizing context switches. But being responsive means reacting anytime something comes up. These two principles are fundamentally in tension. Recognizing this tension allows us to decide where we want to strike that balance. The obvious solution is to minimize interruptions. The less obvious one is to group them. If no notification or email requires a response more urgently than once an hour, say, then that’s exactly how often you should check them. No more. In computer science, this idea goes by the name of interrupt coalescing. Rather than dealing with things as they come up – Oh, the mouse was moved? A key was pressed? More of that file downloaded? – the system groups these interruptions together based on how long they can afford to wait. In 2013, interrupt coalescing triggered a massive improvement in laptop battery life. This is because deferring interruptions lets a system check everything at once, then quickly re-enter a low-power state. As with computers, so it is with us. Perhaps adopting a similar approach might allow us users to reclaim our own attention, and give us back one of the things that feels so rare in modern life: rest.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TEDEd [1700 likes]: So are you ready to take a little advice from a computer? Beyond time management, there's a lot we can learn from these machines! Get a free audiobook version of Brian Christian and Tom Griffiths' "Algorithms to Live By" by signing up for a free trial with Audible! Use this link and you'll also be supporting our nonprofit mission: http://adbl.co/2lFSkUw
  2. @KINGSTON_ROCKY [1 likes]: cool technique ! here's is a different technique that involves a tomato to manage your time :)) https://youtu.be/g619AwxdJnY
  3. @GiftyTameklo-r3j [1 likes]: This was nothing short of fantastic!
  4. @syberhachem [1 likes]: You’ve earned a lifelong viewer with this!
  5. @LilitAghajanyan-n2x: This video offers a compelling analogy between computer scheduling and human productivity, showing that inefficiency often comes from how we prioritize rather than how much we do. The idea that constantly re-evaluating priorities creates a "quadratic" burden is especially insightful-it challenges the common belief that perfect prioritization is always optimal. I also found the concept of "interrupt coalescing" powerful, highlighting the hidden cost of frequent distractions. Overall, the video encourages a shift from perfection to progress and from constant responsiveness to intentional focus. It suggests that managing attention, not just time, is key to effectiveness in modern life.
  6. @AnthonyEco-x4y: I’m genuinely excited to learn more from you!
  7. @saiboredoodles: Thanks for this. I will try this today at work.
  8. @TveshA.S: This video offers a fascinating look at how computer science principles like interrupt coalescing and context switching can help us overcome procrastination and manage our daily tasks more effectively
  9. @MindAscend-z3n: learned a lot of good strategies for managing time effectively😉😉😉
  10. @KazamaGost: 💉
  11. @عليعواجي-و1ك: A fascinating look at how computer science can help us overcome procrastination and manage our time more effectively
  12. @HortenFantim_299: @reginaphalange8955 bro we need a solution this is one of the problems I am struggling with download courses and save videos reels to forget about them and even when I remember I am lazy to watch them
  13. @midori_2323: Honestly, in current times because of all these productiveness epidemy it has never gone through my mind that you can do things unregulated and that you do not have to organize them and only then do the task. I feel that in ordinary life deadlines are too pressing and most probably you should have the priority list in your mind and not writing it down and only then doing them.
  14. @GiftyTameklo-r3j: I learned more here than anywhere else!
  15. @MrGentleGrit91: great video
  16. @FranciscoEspinoza-fs9vs: I like it this channel ❤
  17. @lilacmuun: We’re being compared to computers 😭
  18. @GotuSonawane-m5h: My brain just leveled up like a video game character.
  19. @JoshuaShaw-b1e: Watches video in a binge watching stream instead of doing stuff
  20. @ShopBH-n8d: I finally get it, and now I’m unstoppable. Proceed with caution.

- Can Pilots Have Families? Family Life of a Pilot Explained: Kind: captions Language: en-CA In this video, we will dive deeper into the question of whether pilots can have families. As someone who has worked in the aviation industry for 20 years, I can confidently say that the answer is yes, but it does come with many challenges. Welcome back to Aviator Inspirations, my name is Yaro and I help take the mystery out of the aviation industry. I make these free video's to help future aviators save time and money, so consider subscribing. Pilots are just like anyone else when it comes to relationships and family life. We can fall in love, get married, and start a family, just like any other person. However, our demanding careers make it challenging to balance work and family life. So in this video I hope to give you an insight into what it takes to raise a family as an airline pilot. Let's start with the pros. First and foremost, being a pilot is a unique and rewarding career, especially for those not suited for office life, and over time can be a financially rewarding career. With experience pilots can earn a great salary, receive benefits such as health insurance, retirement plans, and travel benefits. These travel benefit allow you and your family to visit new places, experience different cultures, and meet new people. With the massive current pilot shortage, companies are finally increasing pilot wages all over the world. Just recently in the USA the most senior long haul captains are getting paid upwards of $600,000 per year, while in Canada its about half of that. Still though, a pilot can expect to hit 6 figures after 5-10 years into their career, and that can give your family a solid financial base. If you live in Alberta, you even have the option of your spouse staying home and raising the kids or having more than 2 kids, if you want to have a big family. However living in the 2 major cities in Canada, Toronto and Vancouver, in my opinion it is very hard to have more than 2 kids and you and your spouse will both have to work to afford your lifestyle. This leads us to the major con of being a pilot on their families, and that is the significant amount of time we spend away from home. Pilots are usually gone anywhere from 2-5 days at a time before returning home, meaning your spouse is a single parent during that whole time. This can be especially difficult for families with young children, as we will miss important milestones and events. It is also be challenging for us as the pilot, as we may feel isolated or disconnected from our family during extended periods of absence. When my daughter was born, I was commuting from Vancouver to Toronto, spending 5 days away from home at a time, and every time I came home she would be a whole new person. Kids change so quickly, that you miss out on a lot of special once in a lifetime moments. But that's why we have facetime, and my wife would send me daily photos and videos. This is also the reason why I switched airlines in 2022 and joined a low cost airline, because we don't spend time way from base, we return home every single night. So this is another consideration when picking your career path, and whether the airlines is where you want to be, or if you would be happier staying at a smaller company. In addition to time away from home, pilots experience irregular schedules and long working hours. This can make it challenging to plan and coordinate family activities, because we never know exactly when we will be home. It's not like an office job, where we can clock out at 5pm and go home. If they flight is delayed, or we have a diversion, we could be hours delayed, or even be stuck in another city. Pilots are usually working holidays, weekends, and Christmas, very similar to the staff in the hospitality industry like restaurants. During peak travel seasons, pilots are very busy to get everyone to their destinations. So we as a family go on vacation on the off season, or celebrate events around my schedule. It's not ideal, but its being together and celebrating something as a family that really matters. So your family has to be flexible when it comes to that. The nature of the job can also create a level of stress and anxiety for pilots and their families. Pilots are responsible for the safety of their passengers and crew, and they must be able to handle emergencies and unexpected situations calmly and effectively. This can be a source of stress and anxiety, both for the pilot and their family members who may worry about their safety. We as pilots must also be well rested, so if you have young kids running around, that is something you have to figure out, so you can get the rest you need. Or if you are flying a red eye, you need to sleep in or have a nap during the day, so you again aren't able to help with the kids as you are adjusting your body to different sleeping schedules. This makes it difficult to be a 50/50 parent all the time, as we can't get up middle of the night with the baby in order to be fully rested for our flight. Of course on our days off, we can 100% be with the kids, to give your partner a break. So it's a different style of work like balance, and less structured than a traditional 9-5 job. Let's now shift our focus to the challenges that female pilots may face in raising a family. The aviation industry has historically been male-dominated, and while progress has been made to increase gender diversity, women still make up a relatively small percentage of pilots. This can create unique challenges for female pilots who want to have a family. One of the biggest challenges that female pilots face is flying while going through all the changes in their body throughout their pregnancy. Morning sickness, being on the road, extra radiation exposure, are all challenges male colleagues don't experience. Pregnancy and maternity leave can also be challenging for female pilots. Unlike many other professions, pilots must meet strict medical requirements to maintain their certification, which can make it difficult for pregnant pilots to continue working during certain stages of their pregnancy. This can result in extended periods of time away from work, which can impact their financial stability. In the US for example, most maternity leave is only 3 months, while here in Canada women can take up to 18 months paid leave! Also not all airlines have good maternity policies for female pilots, so it's important to figure these details about before starting a family. Returning to work after maternity leave can also be challenging for female pilots. Not only in terms of being separated from your baby, and figuring out how to breastfeed or pump milk, the aviation industry also requires pilots to maintain a high level of proficiency. Taking an extended break from flying can make it difficult to stay current and maintain their skills. This can make it challenging for female pilots to balance their desire to have a family with their career aspirations. In addition to these challenges, female pilots may also face societal expectations and pressure to prioritize their family over their career. This can be especially true in cultures where traditional gender roles are still prevalent, and the idea of a woman pursuing a demanding career like aviation may be met with resistance or disapproval. However, despite these challenges, there are many female pilots who have successfully balanced their careers and families. Many airlines now offer family-friendly policies and benefits, such as flexible schedules, extended maternity leave, and on-site childcare, which can make it easier for female pilots to balance their work and family responsibilities. In conclusion, while pilots can certainly have families, the demands of the job can create unique challenges for both male and female pilots. My recommendation is figuring out your support system before starting a family. We are lucky to be able to utilize our grandparents to take care of the kids while me and my wife are at work. This not only helps us save on daycare costs, which is about $1000 per kid, but it also benefits the children in having family members raise them instead of strangers. If you aren't as fortunate, I recommend moving to a cheaper province so you can keep your household income as low as possible, while you build seniority and wait for your pay to increase. Kids aren't cheap, but Canada does provide some help, like child support. We also keep our costs low by buying 2nd hand toys and clothes on Facebook marketplace or mom groups. At the end of the day, there is no right time to have kids, so plan as best as you can with your spouse, otherwise enjoy the most challenging yet rewarding part of your life. If this video was helpful, smash that like button. If you have any other aviation related questions, leave them down below. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you in the next episode!

  Top Comments:
  1. @habk8574 [12 likes]: Some can,  some can't and some won't
  2. @ankurtoye9831 [10 likes]: Hi, My partner is going to become a pilot soon and I would like to know how much time she’ll be away once she finishes her training and eventually when she moves to a bigger company and flies internationally. 
We both live in Canada and I want to figure out what needs to be done. Your help will be very productive!
  3. @jackallred6433 [8 likes]: Got my answer. Don’t be an airline pilot if you want to be a family person lol
  4. @chow8669 [7 likes]: Airline female pilot here. This video is very informative. 
Also read through airline policies surrounding pregnancy, maternity/paternity leave, etc to have an idea of the work life and family balance. It can be done. 

Also, upskill and look around where else you can contribute to the airline, weather it be as a course instructor or other ground role so you can still work while pregnant when you can't fly pregnant anymore, or when you're postum and have used up maternity leave, to have "regular" work hours (8-4, 9-5) especially after you have a new baby whom you need to go home to.
Thanks for the video
  5. @MrRandomsta [5 likes]: Awesome insight and a well-explained video! Please could you make an episode on the route for new pilots with 200 hours to find their first flying job
  6. @Lalaiatic_2 [3 likes]: Can you pls give information about the Turkish airline’s policy
  7. @caroflines8298 [3 likes]: love this channel, always my go-to on all my aviation related questions
  8. @jddonmoyer2489 [3 likes]: Great video!
  9. @safwanalam6329 [3 likes]: Could you please make a video about pilot shortage in Canada?
  10. @JesusFollower43 [2 likes]: Jesus loves you all
  11. @justmeajah [2 likes]: Wow. As someone currently talking to a pilot I really needed this! Thank you!
  12. @ShadowRap-y5l [1 likes]: Would like to ask how hard are the ATPL papers in Canada?

- New Nurse Time Management Tips: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone it's s register nurse rn.com and in this video I'm going to be going over time management tips for new nurses in the previous video I went over new nurse anxiety and how to deal with it and today I want to cover time management because time management and new nurse anxiety go hand in hand because a lot of times new nurses will have anxiety over their time management skills now many new nurses struggle with time management but as they gain experience they become more efficient however you may notice even the most seasoned nurses may have an off day here or there if they're under staff maybe they're down a nurse or a nursing assistant and they struggle with time management that day just because of the extra workload now if you find yourself after about a year still struggling with time management you may want to sat down and analyze how you can improve and maybe have another nurse who has really good time management skills assess what you're doing right or wrong to help you improve on those so in this video I want to give you some tips on how to improve your time management during those 12-hour shifts I know 12 hours seems like a long time to get a lot of things done but if you've ever worked a 12 hour shift you know that you have to use every hour efficiently so you can get out on time now some signs and symptoms that you may be struggling with time management are the following rushing to get everything done at the end of your shift or forgetting to complete Tas ask clocking outlay and getting those constant reminders from your manager that you're going into overtime and that you need to clock out on time or Never Getting breaks to eat use the bathroom or rest for more than 5 minutes always asking or needing help and O always feeling overwhelmed to the point you feel like quitting now let's look at our time management tips okay tip number one ask the right questions in report this is very important so you can start your day off right and eliminate any potential surprises that may pop up throughout the day because as nurses we don't like surprises okay so whenever you're getting report from that other nurse be sure to ask questions about if that patient's going to be going for any procedures if they may possibly be discharged if they have any time sensitive Labs like cardiac enzymes that need to be drawn or those special treatments like Wound Care Central Line dressing changes IV change outs tubing change outs any anything like that that you need to incorporate in your day as you go through your nursing routine and these tasks need to be planned out by you so you can dedicate a certain time to do them and you'll want to write these tasks out and times that you plan on doing them which leads me into my next Point create a sheet to help you keep track of your day this will help you organize how your day will flow you may notice that at first you will depend on this sheet a lot you may call it your brain you'll keep it in your scrub pocket but then as you gain experience and you've learned how the day will flow the routine set in you won't depend on this sheet of paper as much but whenever you're first starting out it's good to have so you can org organize how you're going to do things so I recommend this could be on your report sheet that you take information down about patience or it could be a completely different piece of paper whatever you want to do but try to include on it medication times when what patient at what time is going to have certain meds and um treatments that patient will need procedures for instance say that they're going for a thoracentesis at noon you need to write that down and also put I need to do pre-op checklist or was it already done that's something you can ask and report and you may need to get informed consent if that wasn't already done so that'll help you keep track of your little task and any doctor's orders that may be need to be completed throughout your shift and you can always jot them down and also this piece of paper is great for whenever you're taking verbal orders as well next is to set goals of when things should be completed one thing that really helped me was to set individual times of when something should be completed and as you have probably worked about a month and you get your routine down and you see how the flow is going you can do this for instance this is what I would do um at 7:00 I would make sure that I started rounding on my patients doing my um shift assessment and then uh by 9:30 my goal was to have all my shift assessments documented and completed and to be in that medication room pulling my 10:00 meds and then after I pull my meds do my Med pass and then by 11:30 be completed with my Med pass and use that as a time to catch up on documentation and to start complet comping physician orders that have came in because they like to round in the mornings and you start getting a whole slew of orders in and just setting those time goals for myself really helped me make my day flow more smoothly next tip is to try to streamline medication administration times as a nurse you were going to be giving a lot of medications that will really take up a lot of your day so um whenever you're doing your med passes you know only need to use that time as a time to give medications but to complete your task so group your tasks together so say um you're going to go see this patient they have a whole bunch of meds to give but they also need their IV changed out they need a bath they need their Linens changed and they need to get up to the bedside chair so what you need to do is give them their meds and do all that together so right there that patient is set for a little while and you can move on to your next patient so that really helps also Al a lot of times sometimes medications will be ordered at 101 and it seems like you'll be giving medications every hour but some hospitals have um policies always check with your hospital policy where you can give the medication an hour before or an hour after it's due so you can sort of conglomerate those medications but of course you have to watch your time sensitive medications like antibiotics but those little things make the biggest difference just try to group your medications together as much as you can and use your medication passes as time to also get other tasks done in that patient room next tip take it hour by hour don't try to think about it all at once for instance say you just got report on a patient and you've written everything down that you have to do and you're looking at this and you're like how in the world am I going to get this done you know we're short staffed today how am I going to do this I've had those days what you have to do is you have to say I'm one person I'm going to try to do as best as I can and I'm going to take it hour by hour so you're going to say at 8 I'm going to try to get this done and by 9 hopefully I can get this done and um try to get the most important things done but remember this is a 24-hour facility P you have another nurse that if you didn't get something done hopefully they can help you so just don't get overwhelmed but just try to take it hour by hour and the last tip experience helps with time management most new nurses what really slows them down and affects their time management skills at first is just learning how to do those uh routine nursing skills for instance you know spiking an IV bag or priming an IV flesh or starting IV may take them a lot longer at first compared to um 6 months a year down the road so if it took them 15 minutes to start an IV before and now they have experience and they take it only takes them five they save a lot of time so if you are someone who's struggling with this you're a new nurse you're wondering how in the world am I ever going to get good at time management just know that as you keep doing these skills over and over every day you work you're getting better and better and you will be good with time management now if you are a nursing student who's watching this video and um it's going to be a while before you work as a nurse I really recommend that if you can to get a job as a nurse assistant because this will help you learn the flow of those um shifts you'll be working and just learning how to do your own skills that are required of you as a nursing assistant and will help you understand how the day will flow and um for me it helped me transition better working as a nursing assistant into that nursing role so if you can do that I think it would be great great experience for you and really help you with time management thank you so much for watching and please consider subscribing to this YouTube channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dcjc25 [19 likes]: Two months in and I feel like giving up but I have to remind myself that it’s all very new to me and that ‘Rome wasn’t built in a day’ getting better day by day but man… this is harder than I thought it would be 😢
  2. @RegisteredNurseRN [6 likes]: Hey Everyone! Thanks for watching. Don't forget:
🟣Nursing Resume Templates and Job Guide🟣 
eBook: https://registerednursern.creator-spring.com/
Paperback: https://amzn.to/3QvzH3W (affiliate ad)

Website: https://www.registerednursern.com/
More Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2XMro13dD0&list=UUPyMN8DzkFl2__xnTEiGZ1w
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/registerednursern_com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RegisteredNurseRNs
Twitter: https://twitter.com/NursesRN
  3. @MaddieInman [4 likes]: Well thought the last id see of sarah was when i was in nursing school - i was wrong
  4. @chads3852 [2 likes]: Not me having all of the issues listed in the beginning 😂. Just got off orientation and it’s tough.
  5. @oparaugonneoma3300 [1 likes]: I finished crying yesterday night. I had a hectic night shift that ran into noon the next day, there are just some unforeseen events that could happen like your patient spiking or vomiting or an Iv access  tissuing and this are what no one prepares you for 😭, i really hope it gets better🥹.
  6. @yaya75429 [1 likes]: Glad I’m not alone new nurse here…  2months in baby it’s not for the weak at heart. This my biggest struggle time management.  Nursing school does not prepare you for the real world. Im holding on though with the help from the Lord. Best advice a nurse gave me was to give myself grace that I probably won’t truly get the hang of it until about a year in.
  7. @HdskmzzvHwiakab [1 likes]: Clear and straight to the point.
  8. @shanekaervin6733 [1 likes]: I will definitely be using these tips. Thank you for this video
  9. @belindaa9971 [1 likes]: NEW ER nurse  it gets getter
  10. @allein8897 [1 likes]: have been binge watching your vids before getting into position and it sooooothes so much of the anxiety:thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc:thank you for your angelic deeds <3
  11. @allin9631 [1 likes]: I am a first time traveler nurse for 14 years.  I have adhd!  Help!  Lol
  12. @AkshayBagar-y8s: My brain went from buffering to lightning speed.
  13. @AkshayBagar-y8s: You just turned a difficult topic into something exciting!
  14. @imdoinbttrthnu: 10 months in and over leaving at 9/10 pm. The day goes and I can tell you exactly why I’m running behind but when it’s 9 and I’m still documenting… assessments at that?! Is ridiculous. This can’t be life. Might I add no breaks are taken. Not even the bathroom which I caught on to. Poor body is trained to be deprived on working days😩😂😭
  15. @nataliem7144: I’m an NQN of 6 weeks, and I just want to thank all the NQN’s on here. I was really starting to feel like I was the only one struggling to keep up. I’m missing breaks because my patients are acutely unwell or there’s just too much to do. 

Time management is a problem but I also really need to stop taking the weight solo and ask for help and delegate.
  16. @arashdeepkaur7734: Thank you for making all these videos. It really helps, I visit your channel if I struggle with anything from communicating with other nurses, to doctors, time management. Please keep making these videos especially these struggles that every nurse face but unable to recognize how to fix it or talk about it because it feels like a personal problem. 

I wonder if you can please make a specific video on the skills or day that look like in cardiac unit. I am placed in post cardiac surgery for my practicums next month, bit nervous about that. I remember watching your clinical video tips where you mentioned you did your preceptorship in cardiac and you loved that unit. 

I would really love to learn more about that. 
Thank you
  17. @clarejohnson1750: I’ve never been able to get this down. I really knew what I’m doing wrong
  18. @gretelannpama1437: Thank you for all the tips. It helps a lot
  19. @gettymaxy1796: Thank you so much for all the teachings and for your selflessness 

Please could you show us some of the medical instruments and their usage
  20. @makaylalee1436: I'm not a nurse yet. I'm watching your so I can be prepared going into the field.

- I cannot change my identity, don't stall my dream to become a pilot | Adam Harry: Kind: captions Language: en Should this 22ml edge be given to the princess? [Music] Subscribe

- Airplane News: Student Pilot DWI, Runway melts, Las Vegas Midair, USAF explores single pilot ops: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to your weekly airplane news update this is the week of july 18 2022 and this week we have four stories the first one is kind of the don't be that guy news of the year actually i'm gonna say i'm gonna give it an award student pilot was charged with dwi and a whole lot of other things we'll talk about london that's getting a heat wave that melt the runway which is crazy we'll talk about vegas there was a mid-air collision unfortunately with four fatalities and then lastly we'll talk about single pilot operation for the military which well talk about it let's get to it [Music] the first story this week i'm going to call it the don't be that guy story of the year probably even of the last decade uh this person uh there was a crash in kansas city this week and the pilot was charged with dwi uh the pilot his name was john c singh uh he was flying a piper cherokee when he ran out of fuel and landed on i-70 now you're going to say from here what's the big deal right well the big deal was he was booked into jail on charges including and let's get started driving while uh intoxicated which is flying while intoxicated in this case kell careless and imprudent driving involving a crash a felony drug and drug possession possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia so this person hit the jackpot right here after doing this and not only that on top of it they actually were not an actual pilot they were student pilots so i didn't have a license to be flying on their own out there so i don't think any of this actually includes the faa charges as they might come after this careless and reckless operation all these things flying under the uh the um under the influence which means that this person will likely never get a pilot certificate which i'm sure is a good thing so uh that's it that's uh it's just a crazy story that somebody can do this and then pile them up the next story this week london is having a heat wave and if you've been following any of the news europe in general is having quite a bit of a heat wave this is latin airport which is not the main airport's a smaller airport outside of london was temporarily closed because of the heat wave the heat was actually 100 degrees fahrenheit which caused the surface to defect and to melt in portions of the runway and the repairs were made to the runway and the airport was reopened a bunch of hours later and then in other news phoenix today is going to hit 115 degrees and everybody survived so i thought just thought that was interesting the next story this week is a very sad one there was a mid-air collision in north las vegas airport this week both aircraft at pa-46 and cessna 172 were preparing to land at the airport when they collided in midair there were no survivors unfortunately four people died into this crash there's not much more to say about this you can click and see some of the the photos of the the final remains of the aircraft but very very sad news if you're flying please please please keep looking around it doesn't matter if you control their space uncontrolled airspace keep your eyes out keep looking at people and see who else is out there i know edsb is that a lot of people rely on that but it's it's not a foolproof solution unfortunately the last story this week is a really interesting one this caught my eye when i was reading the news and the us air force is exploring the potential of allowing a single pilot to fly a kc-46 tanker now kc-46 tanker is a large aircraft a very large aircraft i would call it they said that this would reduce the crew to just the boom operator and the pilot this release has triggered a lot of intense discussion about safety and pilot workload and um and and and quite frankly i just don't understand it and the bigger problem that i see with this is setting a precedent for other people to say hey it's okay to do single pilot operation especially on large aircraft uh when i truly believe that it's not and i'm sure a lot of people that are flying those larger aircraft will have a lot to say about this as well especially in military operation like this where you may have a lot more stress going on because of where you're operating so i think this is something that needs to be followed because like i said it would set a major precedent on something that we may not want to see just yet now i know i know the trend is for aircraft manufacturers to design aircraft to be flown by only one crew eventually and we've seen this we used to have three we used to and then now we're down to two eventually we'll have only one pilot and i know eventually we'll have no pilots this will be interesting we'll keep you posted if anything else comes out of it but i think this is a trend that we're going to be seeing in the future and uh and i hope this doesn't happen just because of the need for pilots but i hope it happens because we've made the the cockpit a place where it's easier to fly where you only actually need one person and not out of the need of only having one person so i hope this makes sense uh let me know let me know what you think in the comments about this and if this is a trend that we're going to see in the future somewhere else that's it that's all i have for you this week we'll see you guys next week please like leave your comments and we'll talk to you then

  Top Comments:
  1. @bill_KO6BLI [1 likes]: They story about the DWI student pilot is pretty crazy. It’s good he was caught early on before he caused injuries or fatalities.
  2. @campgroundsacrossamerica: On the Las Vegas thing.  I think and not sure but I think that the older pilot selected the wrong runway to land on and actually ran into the Cessna from behind.  He was 83 years old and was warned by the tower to slow down on his approach.  Lets see if I'm right.
  3. @chuckstone5915: One pilot will work, but the question is will the public accept this on airliners in the future?  With regard to the one pilot tanker who may fly in a combat area and no back up?
  4. @FlyRight02: When did common sense become an option DUI!?! Once again good show. Sorry to hear about the crash
  5. @designsbyphilip510: They actually charged him for Driving while intoxicated...local police dont have the jurisdiction for charges of flying while intoxicated...however he landed on I70 and hit a guard rail...so they could nail him for driving a vehicle while intoxicated.

- Exploring the Overlap: Pilots Who Ride Motorcycles: Kind: captions Language: en It's National Aviation Day. Did you know that a significant number of pilots also ride motorcycles? [music] Welcome to the Throttle and Roast podcast. I'm your host, Neil Smeshart. While if you're a regular listener of the show, you most likely love motorcycles, it's possible you're also a pilot. There's a surprising amount of overlap amongst pilots and motorcyclists. And if you follow the YouTube channel, the Missenden Flyer, he mostly shares motorcycle content, but he's also a private pilot, as the name might suggest. Now, I'm also a private pilot, but is it really that common of an overlap? We'll get into the numbers and explore some reasons why in this episode. Now, my first love was flying. My father worked for the airlines when I was a kid, so we traveled to Europe a lot for free as one of the benefits. Long before September 11th, airlines encouraged kids to have a love of flying and even brought them into the cockpit. I spent many hours of my childhood in the cockpit of a 747 speaking to the pilots as we crossed the Atlantic. And at 16, I took a few flying lessons, but I never completed my license because it was a bit too expensive for me to pay for from after school jobs. But when I started college, my major was actually aeronautical engineering. I would have been doing that still had there not been major layoffs in the industry in my sophomore year, which caused me to switch my majors. But even as a kid, I had a fascination with motorcycles. A childhood friend had a Honda Z50, which we would ride up and down the street, and I loved looking at dirt bike magazines. Of course, my parents were very much against motorcycles, saying they were dangerous. In spite of my desire, getting a bike would have to hold off a little bit, and I had to suffice with augling the magazines. When you think of that sort of background, it's interesting that there's been actually a few surveys that have found that about 85% of pilots also rode motorcycles. Now, while that specific survey I'm mentioning was for backcountry flyers and thus may have been a bit more biased, there does seem to be a greater overlap than car drivers versus motorcycle riders. And when you consider how many of the dynamics between motorcycles and airplanes are similar and the skills necessary to successfully control them, it's no wonder. I've sometimes taken a bike to my local airport and walked in carrying a helmet. I've had a number of pilots say that they also ride. Anecdotal to be sure. Now, there are about 700,000 active pilots in the US, but about 8 million registered motorcycles. I'd love to hear from you. Are you a pilot that also rides? Are you a motorcyclist but not a pilot? And if you ride but haven't tried flying, what's holding you back? Text the show through the link in the show notes. Now, I do want to talk about some of the similarities between motorcycles and airplanes. And I'll break this down into a few different areas where we can discuss why I think that there's such an overlap amongst them. At least this is what I've personally found in my experience. So, I'm going to start with controls. Now, both motorcycles and airplanes have many more controls than in a car, at least in terms of the way that you manipulate them. In a motorcycle, they often say that it's roughly five times harder to ride a motorcycle than it is to drive a car. Your right hand is twisting the throttle to adjust the speed of the engine. It also uses a lever to control the front brake, and your right foot controls the rear brake pedal. Your left foot switches gears, pushing down on the lever to downshift and putting your toe under the lever and lifting it to upshift. And your left hand controls the lever connected to the clutch, turn signals, horn, and lights. Now, an airplane also requires every part of your body to control it. You have a yolk or a stick that's typically used with your left hand, and your feet have two pedals that are linked to the rudder to yaw the aircraft, left or right. Now, usually your right hand adjusts throttle, propeller pitch, flaps, landing gear, and any instruments in radio gear. The pushto talk button on the radio is usually on the stick or the yolk, and you use it to notify other pilots on the seat where you are in the pattern at an airport or to speak with air traffic control. And while a motorcycle is five times harder than a car, it's also said that flying an airplane is about five times harder than riding a motorcycle. So, let's talk about some of the dynamics because I think this is the one that most people will immediately understand as where you have some overlap amongst them. In a motorcycle, when you're turning, you move the handlebars to the opposite direction that you want. This is called counter steering. And what this will do is it will actually cause the bike to sort of fall into the turn and effectively lean into it. Now the bike will you hold that pressure onto there and the bike will maintain that curve and that's actually how it turns by being leaned into the corner. And you need to provide opposite controls if you want to have the bike straighten back up. And the fact that the bike stays leaned into a turn is probably the feeling that's most different than a car. Most cars will have body roll to the outside of the turn, but because the bike is leaned, more of the turning force feels like it's pushing you more into the seat than to the side. And in a car, you need to keep holding pressure on the wheel in the turn. So, it's a very different experience for a car in a turn versus a motorcycle. Yet, when we look at an airplane, an airplane banks into a turn just like a motorcycle. So, it's going to lean into that turn. And unlike a motorcycle which has a single handlebar control for the turning, an airplane has both ailerons and a rudder contributing to the turn and a fully coordinated turn where you have both the rudder and the aileron working together. So the nose of the aircraft matches the bank of the turn and the rate of the turn. But like a bike, once you're in the turn, the plane will generally stay in the turn until opposite controls are input to flatten it back out. So you start to really see this. We love that leaning into a turn on a motorcycle and that same experience is what you have when you're flying a plane. Now, the other one, if you're only a car driver, you may not realize it as much unless it's a massive, massive storm, but wind has a bigger impact onto us as motorcyclists. It's a very lightweight vehicle and the side winds that might come in can cause the bike to lean, which will then cause the bike to turn in an unintended way. So sometimes what you'll find if you're riding on a motorcycle and you have a strong crosswind, you'll actually lean into the wind to effectively counter the fact of what's happening with the wind pushing you in the opposite direction. And this is actually not that different from in a plane. In a plane, the wind is actually even more of an impact onto the aircraft. In fact, that's the whole way in which it actually controls it by moving air control uh mechanisms. And this is where you find a little bit of a difference in a in an airplane versus a motorcycle because the motorcycle rammer is connected to the ground with its wheels. So the wheels are really the thing that's maintaining its position in its turn. The aircraft is moving through the wind. So ultimately it doesn't really matter which direction the nose of the aircraft is facing. It just matters which way the aircraft moves through the air. So what we end up doing in an airplane is we'll typically do where we point the nose of the aircraft slightly toward the wind and effectively the aircraft will move in a crab formation. So it'll actually sort of look like you're flying sideways if you've got a strong crosswind. This is something that can actually feel really strange, especially when you're landing. Uh, you know, during my private pilot training, one day the winds aloft were pretty strong, even at low altitude at about 50 knots. And we were practicing slowight. So, this is where you fly an aircraft just above stall speed to mimic landing and to learn the signs of a stall so that you can actually then adapt and adjust for those. And I was in a Cessna 172 Skyhawk, which for those of you who are pilots, you'll know that the stall speed is usually around 40 knots with the flaps down. And we were over a golf course and pointed directly into the wind. So, we had a 50 knot headwind. And as the wind was at around our air speed, we essentially were just hovering, not making any forward momentum relative to the ground. And the closer I got to stall speed, we actually started to move backwards. And this must have looked really, really strange to the people on the ground who were playing golf. Uh, of course, on the way back would have the opposite effect. Now, cruising air speed on a 172 is about 124 knots, and knots being nautical miles would be the equivalent of about 140 mph. So, with a 50 knot tailwind, our ground speed was nearly 200 mph. So really really quick for a small single engine plane. Now the other aspect that I talk about where I think there's some similarities between motorcycles and aircraft is in terms of coordinating controls. So in an airplane I mentioned that you need to coordinate your control of the ailerons and the rudder when you're going into a turn. And the idea is it will feel a little odd to the passengers of the air airplane if it's not coordinated. And what this means is the plane is going to be leaned into the turn. And you want to also add in some rudder so that the nose of the aircraft feels like it's tracking naturally the curve of the of the turn. If it doesn't, the it'll sort of yaw to one side. You might be outside of the turn or you might have put too much input into the rudder and you might be inside of the turn and it's going to kind of feel like you're crabbing a little bit which will feel a little weird uh in in the plane. Now another aspect from flying that you need some coordination is whenever you want to change altitude and changing altitude in an airplane requires coordination of your throttle. You've got to pitch the nose of the aircraft and you have to use the rudder certainly in a propeller-based aircraft because of the left turning tendencies of a propeller aircraft. So this is a weird byproduct of the fact that the propeller is turning in a certain direction. And so what happens is generally speaking, most propeller aircraft will tend toward wanting to turn to the left in most cases. Now there's usually a little bit of trim that's built into the plane to begin with, but you effectively have to use some rudder, especially when you have high engine power to counter that. And so this is where that coordination comes in as you're starting to climb in altitude because you're going to give more full throttle, pitch that nose, and now you're going to also have to add in some rudder to sort of adjust for it. So in motorcycle, if you think of changing gears, this is also a little bit of a coordinated ballet. We're using our right hand to adjust the throttle. We pull in the clutch lever to disengage the engine. We move the gear lever to with our left foot in order to change the gear to our target gear. Now we let out the clutch lever and adjust the throttle to try to match the engine revs with the road speed of the new gear. And if you get it right, you get this beautifully satisfying smooth shift with no jerking. Now, the other one that you start to think of is when you're braking. Now, motorcycles, unlike a car, have independent brakes for the front and the rear. Now, that sounds sort of weird at first cuz you go like, well, what difference does it make? It's all it's the same wheels that are slowing us down. But the reality is is that when you actually do slow down on a motorcycle, the front brake actually tends to provide about 70% of the braking force as it starts to slow down. The front suspension will compress and the bike will actually have a little bit more pressure onto the front tire than the rear tire. So, you want to coordinate how much pressure you're applying to each one of those brakes from your front brake, which is controlled by your right hand, and your rear brake, which is controlled by your right foot. But it is one of these aspects that that coordination that we have on a motorcycle has a similarity to that of an aircraft of us having to control multiple surfaces or multiple controls at the same time in a coordinated manner. Now, another one that I'll raise that I think has some similarity between aircraft and motorcycles is actually about traffic. If you're on a motorcycle, you know that traffic tends towards being one of the largest hazards that we have. Now, there are certainly single vehicle accidents that occur for motorcyclists, but probably for those of us who are driving on the right hand side of the road, a left turning vehicle in front of us is going to be the biggest problem because they're going to turn right in front and then we're going to jam right into the side of them because they've turned and blocked us in front. If you're driving on the other side of the road, of course, it'll be a right-hand turning vehicle. But that same idea, this is where most of the errors uh occur. So on a motorcycle, the best way that we can we can protect ourselves from this is to keep our head on a swivel. We should always be scanning. We're looking around. We're looking at what's happening with those cars that are about to turn left. We're looking at the indications of the wheels. Are they moving? All of these sort of things cover the brake. We really have to be aware of that. Now, in an aircraft, if you're flying in what's called VFR or visual flight rules, you are responsible for maintaining separation from other aircraft. So you have to keep an eye out for traffic everywhere. Now the weird thing with an airplane versus a motorcycle or car is a motorcycle or car we have sort of a little bit more controlled movement of where the vehicles will go. We're going to be traveling along a road. So you know like the car is going to be coming along a certain path and that's going to be the only path that you'll expect it on. But in an aircraft they can come from any path. There's effectively infinite number of roads but they can also be coming from different altitudes. So, you really have to keep your eye out there and look everywhere when you're in an aircraft to see where traffic could be. So, the other one that I want to talk about is this concept and this plays a little bit into that coordinating controls, but it's really about a balance of forces. Now, you get a bit of a reward for smooth operation. So, on a motorcycle, I mentioned that that smooth gear shift can real really feel wonderful. you you've got this, you know, just a wonderful reward for having done it correctly and and know that you got that nice smooth shift and you can coordinate them. And if you miss a shift, you know, which sometimes we will do, it can feel a little awkward and jarring. And so this is something that we we aspire to have as smooth an operation as possible. Similarly, the perfect lean into a corner and accelerating out of it when you're done just has this harmony that is just so incredibly gratifying. So this joy that comes from executing it it really well is something that you love. Similarly, in an aircraft, one of the things that I think most pilots can agree that they really enjoy and certainly passengers on a commercial aircraft enjoy is greasing the landing. And what I mean by this is you touch down and it doesn't even feel like you touched down. It's just like it was so smooth when you're coming in for that landing. The wheels just barely touched and then it just started to apply the pressure of the weight of the aircraft onto the ground. So, you didn't really feel this jump or bolt or anything like that. And this is just a really an an outstanding feeling that can come in. It's even more rewarding when you're in a crosswind landing. Now, I mentioned before that in a crosswind situation in an aircraft, the wind is coming from the side and you have to sort of crab the plane to the side. And often times, at least on smaller aircraft, you'll sort of switch the mode. So, you'll switch from being crabbing where you're kind of flying almost sideways towards the runway, which feels really, really weird, but it's the normal way that you would do this. And then just as you approach, then you actually switch so that you now have the front of the nose of the aircraft pointed straight down the runway. But now to maintain so you don't get pushed off to the side, you have to bank the aircraft into the wind. And what you'll actually end up doing, and this is why I say the greasing of a landing on a crosswind feels really satisfying, is you have to actually touch down on the wind side wheel first because you're going to be leaned into that. Then you're going to touch down on the other side wheel and then finally your nose wheel. So if you can get all three of those touches to feel super smooth, that's just an incredibly satisfying aspect. So this balance of forces is is really remarkable. What I'd love to know from you is what do you think is your favorite aspect of riding a motorcycle? And if you're a pilot, what's your favorite part of flying? Text your answers through the link in the show notes. Now, while there are many similarities, motorcycles and airplanes still have some fundamental differences. Now, you know, we talked about the the most obvious one, which is, of course, you're dealing with 3D space in an aircraft as opposed to in a in a motorcycle, but I'd say another one that becomes more of a logistical or practical manner is the ease of heading out. Now, aside from a few private airirst strips that have homes connected to them, most pilots need to head to an airport to take a flight. Even if you live close to an airport, between doing the pre-flight, getting clearance if you're flying uh instrument flight rules or IFR, it's a much longer time to start your trip than pulling your bike out of the garage. And while it may be reasonable to say, I'm going to a ride for, you know, on my motorcycle for an hour, you're probably looking at at least a couple of hours to make sense for a flight between leaving your house, getting to the airport, pre-flight, you know, checking everything, getting clearance, taking off, it's going to be at least a couple hours. So, I I think that ease of heading out does allow for it to be a little bit more spurof the- moment with a motorcycle than an airplane. Now, the other one, and this is frankly I alluded to why I had to pause my flight training when I was a kid, is the cost. Airplanes are really, really expensive. Even something as simple as an LSA or a light sport aircraft will typically be over $200,000 for a new one. Whereas a fully certificated small airplane like let's say a Cessna uh Skyhawk 172, those will cost over $700,000. And some of the the more popular ones such as the Cirrus, which has a built-in parachute. It's a very fast airplane comparatively are well over a million dollar. This is for a small single engine plane with four seats. So it's very very very expensive to purchase. But your running costs are equally as expensive. Um, between fuel and maintenance costs, it's usually well over $100 an hour for what it costs you to fly the plane. Uh, and the reason for that is you need to reserve for a full engine overhaul, typically about every 2,000 hours. And on the 172 that I did my flight training on, I was paying nearly $200 per hour. So fuel consumption on that plane was about 7 to n gallons per hour during cruise and that's the equivalent of about 15 miles per gallon. So it's like a big SUV. It's a gas guzzler and it can be quite quite expensive. Now motorcycles on the other hand are much cheaper than cars. You can buy one for typically most motorcycles are going to be able to be bought for less than $20,000 and some even less than $10,000. You know, a good basic single engine bike, single cylinder bike like the Royal Enfield Bullet 350 can be had for less than $5,000. So, it's really you can be very very cost effective in terms of getting a motorcycle. The other thing is if we look at that Bullet 350, the fuel economy on that bike is about 80 to 90 m per gallon. So much much cheaper than what you would have in terms of for a car. Now, there are more premium bikes. So, let's say something like a BMW R1200 GS will cost maybe a little bit under $25,000 and get about 40 m per gallon. So, still cheaper than a car, still typically better fuel economy than the car. whereas an airplane is going to be way way up there. So, and I would make a distinction between someone who owns a plane and someone who flies a plane because there's a smaller percentage of pilots who actually own their own aircraft than those who fly. This is why flying clubs are so popular. People share in the ownership of an airplane because of that expense. That's kind of the the wrap-up of what we we wanted to talk about for National Aviation Day about riding and flying. And I'd love to know, are you a motorcycle rider that's also a pilot? Have you ever dreamed of becoming a pilot? Text your answers through the link in the show notes. Look, there are many similarities between riding motorcycles and flying airplanes. And as I said, as many as 85% of pilots are also motorcyclists. So, if you've always dreamed of flying, but you've not yet won the lottery, maybe a motorcycle can give you that sensation at a much more affordable price point. Thanks for listening. Uh, we'll see you the next time. And if you do love listening to this podcast, please leave a review in Apple Podcasts, PodChaser, or your favorite podcast listening app, and share the show with someone you think might enjoy it. Thanks again. Bye-bye. >> [music] >> Hey, if you enjoyed this episode, please tell a friend about the show. You can often share an episode directly from your podcast app or you can direct them to throttleandroast.com. Word of mouth is the best way for us to grow and find new listeners.

- How a Woman Used a Dead Pilot's Identity to Dodge a Traffic Fine: Kind: captions Language: en the woman who we will call Jane for privacy reasons was a habitual traffic offender she had accumulated dozens of tickets for speeding running red lights and driving without a license she knew that as she got caught again she would face a happy fine or even jail time so she decided to look for a way to avoid the consequences of her actions she searched online for fake identities that she could use to register her car and get a driver's license she came across a website that claimed to sell authentic documents from deceased people she browsed through the list of available identities and found one that caught her eye a former pilot named John Smith who had died in a plane crash two years ago she thought that using a pilot's identity would make her look more respectable and trustworthy she also liked the fact that John Smith was a common name that would not raise any suspicion she paid five hundred dollars for the identity package which included a birth certificate a social security card a passport and a pilot's license she used these documents to register her car and get a driver's license under John Smith's name she felt confident that she had found a foolproof way to dodge any traffic fines she continued to drive recklessly thinking that she was untouchable Stephanie Lee's Bennett was a 33 year old mother of two who worked as a forklift driver at a warehouse in Queensland Australia she had a problem she had been caught using her mobile phone while driving on December 15 2022 and she faced a hefty fine of one thousand and seventy eight dollars and four demerit points she already had a similar fine and a debt to the State penalties enforcement registry and she feared losing her license and her job if she paid the fine so she came up with a cunning plan she decided to use the identity of someone else who had died recently to nominate them as the driver and get out of the fine she searched online for obituaries and tried to enter several names into the online system but none of them worked then she stumbled upon the name of Ashley jenkinson a sea world helicopter pilot who had been killed in a tragic mid-air Collision on January 2nd 2023 along with three other people Bennett did not recognize Jenkinson's name or know anything about his death which had received widespread media coverage she entered his details into the system and successfully nominated him as the driver she thought she had gotten away with it but she was wrong Jenkinson's Widow received the traffic fine in the mail and was shocked and Confused she contacted the police and told them that she had never seen the vehicle in the photo that she did not know Bennett and that her husband had been dead for seven days when the offense occurred the police launched an investigation and traced the nomination back to Bennett's IP address they arrested her and charged her with fraud and identity theft Bennett pleaded guilty to both charges in court on May 19th she wept openly as she admitted her wrongdoing and expressed her remorse and embarrassment she said she had no idea who jenkinson was or that he had died in such a horrific way she said she had acted out of desperation and panic and that she wanted to undo what she had done but did not know how the magistrate was not impressed by her excuses he said that her actions were dishonest and disrespectful to Jenkinson's memory and his grieving family he said that she had caused significant repercussions for all concerned and that he needed to send a strong message to deter others from doing the same thing he convicted her a fraud and identity theft and fined her two thousand dollars almost double the amount of the original fine he also ordered her to pay court costs and restitution to Jenkinson's Widow

- Two astronauts left behind on ISS as Boeing's Starliner capsule lands on earth empty: Kind: captions Language: en beautiful streak across the sky as she returns to White Sans New Mexico descent in the desert 6 hours after the Starliner capsule left the International Space Station touchdown Starliner is back on Earth but touchdown was bittersweet Boeing's first astronaut Mission Landing without its astronauts on board and liftoff of Starliner in Atlas 5 the Starliner took off in June transporting Butch will Moore and sunny Williams to the ISS for what should have been an 8-day Mission but Thruster failures and helium leaks plagued the trip NASA finally deciding it wasn't safe enough to send the pair back home in the craft instead they're booked on a return trip with SpaceX eight months later in February you know it was a bullseye Landing I think we made the right decision to not have Butch and sunny on board all of us feel uh Happy about the successful Landing but then there's a piece of us all of us that we wish it would have been the way we had planned it we had planned to have the mission land with Butch and sunny on board after retiring its own space shuttles over a decade ago NASA hired us companies Boeing and SpaceX to provide the flights Elon musk's companies completed nine crude flights into space but Boeing hit problem after problem causing delays and a billion dooll repair bill Boeing's have a number of issues at the moment I mean yes it was a test flight and this is the kind of thing that happens but Boeing as a company have had problems for a number of years now and and looking at the technical press and even the financial press one of the problems seems to be the emphasis on financial management rather than technical management as Butch and sunny adapt to their unexpected extension on the ISS Boeing must now work out what went wrong NASA saying it's too early to know when the next Starliner fly with crew on board will be ready to launch Rachel venables Sky News

  Top Comments:
  1. @jimmyyoung5159 [1 likes]: The Borg might get them 🤔
  2. @themarbleking [1 likes]: They need Russian tech.
  3. @justanotherguy9333: They using them people as a experiment to be honest like they animals
  4. @joanielorentz4979: Why were astronauts not on board
  5. @thewonderingwolf6509: The astronauts are lucky sometimes when Boering flights land hard the passengers are onboard
  6. @nandolopes9897: Are they having sex? ... if not: How can they survive so long without having sex?
  7. @KierDarkOne84: How can they actually survive in space for so long,is it even possible?and if so will they be affected,health wise!?it must be a huge strain on the body and mind!?
  8. @15cuhonda6: Its rumored they are underwater near Spain
  9. @desbest4: Boeing with DEI
Deliberately Enforced Incompetence
Didn't Earn It
  10. @DaveShaw-w2g: Bs didn't have no problem did it? And they didn't know? Trust no one
  11. @TS-1267: ... It's Usually Doors that Get Left Behind... In Folk's Gardens Is what I have Heard... JAKERS 0:38
  12. @larainbusinesslinks7931: Cost of misfortune. But I still give it to our physicists they have be doing a fantastic job. Let's us encourage them. 👋👋👋👋
  13. @SPREADCHEAT247: Sounds like Gravity story-like situation. Deliveroo X SpaceX coming.
  14. @JustahumanBeing-pk7xt: Gotta wait for the next year, till then have fun there. Boeing anything is not safe
  15. @ainzybrfc: They need to concentrate on their 747s 😂
  16. @pirateracer69: Bing Bang Boeing's numerous and constant humiliations are not stopping the free money they get from the government.
Why ?
  17. @Haroldbishop-j5g: 59 Deviation Road Kinglake Victoria.
Ask for Jane.
She work's for all side's of politics.
She also *"claims" made c-19.
Rupert Murdoch's Australian pegger.
All his info is there.
He's just as good as Dianne
  18. @ralphjohnson4041: Meanwhile the crew are experiencing continuous radiation.at an intensity that will put them at great risk anyway.
  19. @gretchentrubee3387: It’s called an engineer
  20. @HeathenRocker: Don't lie Aliens be slapping them cheeks up there

- Are You Ready For Your First Solo Flight? Instructor Insights: Kind: captions Language: en So obviously the whole point is to learn how to fly an airplane, you know, and that kind of plays part in that whole nervousness around being solo. So that's one reason why it's really good. Next lap you do, it's going to be by yourself. Yep. She's going to solo. Yeah. I'll grab a little handheld radio. All right. You can't escape. And off they go. You know, our training is very intense and gets the job done. You know, every student we send up to solo is 100% ready. Hey guys, it's Matthew from Sling Pilot Academy. Here at the academy, we're doing solos nearly every day. So today, we're going to go through what it's like to prepare for your first solo, what that entails, and we're going to talk to one of our CFIs, Dom, about what his experience soloing students has been like, and give some tips and tricks for people that are out there getting ready themselves. Enjoy the video. Looks like I'm going out by myself. What is a solo flight? A solo flight is when your instructor clears you to fly a plane completely on your own for the first time. It happens after a minimum of 10 hours of flight training, but it varies depending on your skill and your comfort level. Here at Sling, we only send students for solo when we know they're 100% ready. It's a huge step, but we've prepared you from day one, and your instructor signs you off, so we know you're ready. What are the signs that you're ready for solo flight? Confidently flying traffic patterns, handling the radio communications land right take off right traffic right for takeoff performing safe takeoffs and landings. Really anything to do with flying because your instructor is not going to be there. It's going to be all on you. Let's talk to Dom, one of our CFIs here about common things leading up to solo flight. [Music] All right, I'm here with Dom. He's one of our CFIs here at Sling Pilot Academy. How long have you been here and what are you getting up to now? Hello, my name is Dominic D. Uh I'm a flight instructor here at Sling and I have been for about 18 months now. Uh and I love it. I teach the uh instrument ground school. Been doing it for like a year now. I love that. And I'm a soontobe multi-engine instructor as well. So that's exciting. Sweet. When you're getting ready for solo, how are you preparing your students? I mean, I know that the academy itself is preparation, right? You're coming in every day, you're flying, but as you're getting closer, what are the things you're focusing on? All right. So, obviously for solo flying, I think it's kind of two main things. Obviously, the flying portion and the psychological like you just mentioned, joining the academy. um you know as soon as you start getting scheduled with your instructor obviously the whole point is to learn how to fly an airplane you know that's the biggest factor taken care of in that sense but number two is the psychological as soon as people start you know finding out you know that they're getting closer to this solo I'm going to be flying a plane by myself you know sometimes the flying just goes out the window right and we know they know how to fly but it's just that now additional pressure of you know there's no CFI there cuz yeah I mean CFI might not do anything necessarily. A lot of it is just a kind of psychological comfort as well, just knowing that they're there right next to you just in case. Whereas obviously when you go solo, none of that anymore. We can simulate it as much as possible, but when you go up solo, you're by yourself. We've talked a little bit about, you know, what you're working on leading up to it. What are some common mistakes of people that are really close to having down their landings, maneuvers, radio? What are you seeing out there? So leading up to it just getting down on themselves. Obviously we like to kind of plan a day uh day before maybe if we have a flight maybe very close to the solo will go up and depending on how much they kind of um you know hype this up in their head, right? What I've noticed a lot is kind of the day before they won't do some of their best flying. So they might you know land offset or land just off the center line. And what I notice is that they start getting really down on themselves. It was all right. And they start, you know, kind of just doubting themselves. And that's the worst thing, right? You've shown countless times that you can fly. Countless times now. I've had my hands, you know, hands folded, legs, knees up, you know, no rudder, no aileron. Countless times you've shown me good landings. What would you do to help your students that are maybe going through that? Look, either just, you know, sternly say snap out of it, right? I've seen you do this, you know, you can do this. You know, if if anything, you know, taking for another lap, just give them that reassurance. But for the most part, there's not much you can do other than, you know, either, you know, going for another lap, you know, prove prove yourself wrong or just talking to them, you know, just communicating. It's the biggest thing. But I've seen a couple times when students might, you know, ruin a radio call, like the initial one to, uh, you know, for taxi clearance, and then it kind of snowballs into them missing another radio call. you can kind of listen, you can kind of hear how they're getting a little more frantic. Other than that, you know, there shouldn't really ever be mistakes, right? I mean, you know, we're always sure that you can solo. You know, we endorse you for a reason. So, so in terms of prepping for the solo, the student's going to do a pre- solo phase check. Can you take us through what that is? Is a common term for I mean, a lot of people know them as stage checks. What they basically do is examine the students throughout different parts of their training for a rating. So the first one that they do is a pre- solo phase check and you know a lot of that is exam based right so we do a little ground we do a little oral we're going to go through your little presolo quiz I'm going to ask you other additional questions and then we're going to take it to the sky all right we're going to go up and you know it gives them an opportunity to fly with a different instructor too so it's not your normal instructor not your normal instructor so which is a good thing because a lot of people can get pretty nervous when they're not flying with someone they're familiar with, you know, and that kind of plays part in that whole nervousness around being solo. That's one reason why it's really good. But other than that, you know, you're going to go with a phase check instructor and you're going to go up demonstrate some maneuvers. Um, kind of like what I mentioned before, the stalls, emergency procedures, and then you're going to come back in and you're going to do some landings. And all it is is just examining you, making sure you are ready for solo flight. Obviously, the primary CFI has acknowledged the fact that you are ready. So now it's a matter of you going with another CFI, a phase check instructor, and you're going to go up, you know, slightly higher pressure environment, right? Trying to impress someone. So you know that you're going to go up and you're going to demonstrate what you've been demonstrating to your primary instructor. And you know, once everyone's happy, you're going to pass. You know, that will give you eligibility to then go ahead and conduct your first solo. Do you plan the first solo date in advance? How do you go about picking that time and day? Yes and no. There's positives and negatives, right? Positive obviously, yeah, 100% you should plan in the sense that we're looking at the weather, right? We're kind of scouting out a good day where this could be a possibility. In other ways, I actually don't like to plan it. You know, obviously I'll tell my student, you know, you're going to solo this week, but in some ways it's actually good to, you know, make it a bit of a surprise. But yeah, in some ways, obviously for weather purposes, yeah, we plan a date. But in some ways, I actually kind of like to just go up, you know, don't even tell them they're going to solo. Have them go up, fly you around, you know, if it's great, then, you know, land land taxi off the runway and tell them, "Hey, take me back to sling. I'm going to jump out. Nothing you can do about it. I'm going to jump out." Have you ever had a student that was having a real rough time that day, so you maybe rescheduled the solo? Not necessarily student. Uh, weather for sure. You know, there's been times when we'll do a couple laps in the morning, be beautiful. as we're doing the laps, the wind's picking up and, you know, wind could pick up to a point where it exceeds either the students personal minimums or sling's, you know, operating procedures. So, student wise, no. Weatherwise, yeah, that's the good thing about not having that date set in stone because the weather can change in 10, 20 minutes. It can be completely And that's another thing I want to add, right? If you set a date in stone and this student's now got family members coming out, then yeah, it could get a little awkward because now you've got grandparents, you know, siblings, parents, everyone out for no reason. So on the day of the solo, or at least when you think the solo is going to happen, take me through that whole day start to finish, like what happens with the student. Yeah, so obviously it's any other day, right? Don't change anything from your daily routine. You can still have your breakfast. You know, don't treat it that differently just because you're soloing. I like them to come in early. We're going to make sure all your documentation's on you, right? Personal documents, aircraft documents. Obviously, if you're soloing, you should 100% be familiar with what all that, you know, documentation is. Other than that though, right, we like to schedule a slightly longer block for the first solo because the reason for that being, you know, I want to go up with them a couple times uh prior to jumping out the airplane. So, we'll go up, we'll do a couple laps, you know, I'm just looking at normal takeoffs and landings, traffic pattern procedures, making sure their speeds, their altitudes, you know, their turns to base and final are how they always have been. If I didn't 100% tell them that today's the day, then, you know, we'll go up, do a couple laps, do a go around. If I'm really happy with what I see, then, you know, I'll tell them to taxi back to sling. As we taxi back to sling, I'll tell him, "Hey, next lap you do, can you be by yourself?" Yep. She's going to solo. So then, yeah, we taxi back, I jump out, you know, I'll give them all their endorsements, which is my, you know, that's my job right now. They're actually doing um endorsements. What that means is that she's ready to go. Um they've got to then obviously acknowledge them, accept the endorsements, you know, I'll grab a little handheld radio. All right, you can't escape and off they go. You know, our training is very intense and gets the job done. You know, every student we send up to solo is 100% ready. So then after they come back from that flight, they've just done their three takeoffs and landings, their full stops. What happens next? Well, I check the plane, make sure it's still airworthy. No, I'm joking. Um, no, I mean, obviously, you know, if they do have some friends or family there, then everyone's kind of congratulating them. And a nice little tradition in the aviation community, but yeah, what we like to do is we put a t-shirt, you know, over everything, or you can just wear the t-shirt. Um, and tradition is to actually cut the back. All right, we're going to cut the back of it off and we're going to write down, you know, some information regarding the solo, the tail number, the runway, you know, your CFI's name. I put my CFI's name down. So, things like that. But it's a good, you know, a good tradition to kind of have that little piece of shirt that you did your first solo in. It's a good kind of memory and it's a good souvenir. Definitely. And I mean, it started from a really fun tradition, too. Now in planes, we sit side by side like this where your instructor's right next to you and we have nice headsets where you can hear each other and you can communicate the whole time. Uh but at one point aircraft engines were a lot bigger and louder and we didn't have the technology to communicate without yelling. Uh so an instructor would help their student by sitting directly behind them and holding on to the back of their shirt. When they needed to go left, they tug them left. If we needed to go right, they'd tug them right and back and forward. And uh when they would go for their first solo and they'd come back, they'd cut the back of their shirt off to kind of signify like, "Oh, look. You don't need that instructor anymore pulling on your shirt tail." Over to you. You got it now. I just learned something today. I didn't even know that. How many people do you think you've sent to solo? Quite a few. I believe four people. When was the first person that you soloed? Like how long ago was that? The first person I soloed was maybe 3 4 months into my instructing career and I soloed them at the time at Compton Airport. But yeah, it was great. Obviously, I was 100% confident in the students ability. Now that you've built up some more hours and got some more time under your belt as a CFI, does it feel different sending someone to solo compared to that first time? Maybe less nerve-wracking in the sense of, you know, I mean, just it's your first one, right? So, it's going to be scary. Not scary, but it's going to be nerve-wracking. But now, you know, other than, you know, kind of now I memorize exactly which endorsements they need and that whole endorsement giving part of it takes a lot less time. Obviously, with more experience, I know exactly what I need to see now. Not that I didn't see it when I signed off my first student, but you know, now it's, you know, I'm very, very sure of when someone is ready to solo. So, for one of your students that's just finished their first solo. Mhm. What can they expect next? Like what's coming up for them soon? So coming up is a pretty big part of training for the private pilot license. All right, one of the requirements is 10 hours of solo flight time minimum with at least 5 hours of solo cross country. So, what that means is once you get that first solo out the way, a lot of people like to fly solo again, you know, locally, maybe practice area or some more laps just to really solidify that confidence and proficiency. But after your first solo, all right, we're going to do some cross country training. So, we're going to start airport hopping. We're going to get you flying to more airports around the LA basin, you know, navigating, you know, different airport procedures, different taxi procedures, and yeah, we're going to work towards a phase check, solo cross country phase check, which is one of the phase checks conducted here at Slim Pilot Academy. And yeah, that's obviously designed to test you, make sure you are capable of taking an airplane solo and flying more than 50 nautical miles. So, aka flying cross country. And that's the next step, right? You're going to start doing cross country solos. Build up that time and we're slowly working towards your private pilot rating. In terms of students that are, you know, getting kind of ready to solo or they think they're getting ready to solo. What's some advice that you might have for them? From what you said, think they're ready to solo. All right. That's the big difference between the CFI knowing they're ready to solo. So, a lot of that is communication. All right. If you're misleading a student, making them seem like they're better than they actually are, you're going to start painting a picture in their head that they're ready. All right? And they might prematurely think that they're ready, get cocky, and start kind of pressuring the CFI to solo, but that's not how it should be at all. CFI is going to determine when you're ready. But in terms of the student, you know, like I said, the biggest thing is the whole psychological, the mental aspect, you know, you know, just once again speaking to them, you know, telling them that this is all normal. This is a part of training. This is something that everyone's had to do and everyone's done it just fine. But yeah, I mean, other than that, you know, they're not babies, right? So, a lot of that is just, you know, on you as well. just relax, you know, go through your flows, go through your checklists, you know, maybe the day before, just make sure you're really brushed up. But other than that, just keep doing what you've been doing, you know. I don't think we should dive too deep into, you know, this whole getting ready for it because a lot of that just, you know, just overhypes a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. It just kind of, you know, overstimulates them, over psyches them up for this and that's when the pore of flying comes out. So just yeah, taking it easy, reassuring them, telling them that this is normal. Everyone does this. You're going to do this just fine. You'll be fine. You know, you've demonstrated 100 times already that you can land. So there's really no need to worry. And then obviously if there's any flying related issues, then obviously I like to listen specifically to what the student has to say. You know, sometimes they can identify specific things that they want to work on. So hey, we'll go up, we'll do exactly what you want. We'll brush up those little things. If you're happy, let me know, right? And we'll communicate. Obviously, if my student doesn't want to solo, I'm not going to force them. I'm not going to push them up. I'm not going to, you know, force them to do it. But yeah, that's where communication really comes in into play. Yeah. But I think just reassuring, you know, brushing up a couple air work things, you know. Other than that, yeah, just relax. You know, it's all a part of training. You'll be just fine. If you can't get something down, go fly with another CFI. Get another point of view. Try something else. Yeah, it's it's great because like I said, a lot of people have only flown with their primary CFIs, so they actually get pretty nervous when they jump in the plane with someone else. You know, you want to impress them and definitely makes people nervous. And you know, as soon as people are nervous, it's great training because it allows people to adapt and handle the nerves and yeah, it's great. It's great training, great practice. Thanks for doing this and uh pleasure. Have fun out there on the planes. Yep, absolutely. I will do. Thanks for watching the video. We hope you liked learning all about doing your first solo. What topic do you want us to do next? Drop a comment and let us know down below. And as always, don't forget to like and subscribe. It really helps the channel and we really appreciate it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FlyingSenior [1 likes]: "How to pass your first solo flight."???? I mean, er, isn't it really obvious? 🧐
  2. @EvaKiseleva-ib1uu: 10 hours ? I am at 25 and still didn’t solo what is my problem?

- My First Solo Flight ✈️ | Airport English Story for Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to English and English. Hello friends. I'm&nbsp; really happy you're here today. I have something&nbsp;&nbsp; exciting to share. You won't believe it. I'm&nbsp; taking my very first airplane trip by myself&nbsp;&nbsp; tomorrow. I've been on planes before with my&nbsp; parents, but this time I'm flying alone. No one&nbsp;&nbsp; telling me what to do. No one bossing me around.&nbsp; It feels exciting, but also a little scary. I have&nbsp;&nbsp; butterflies in my stomach. I'm going to visit&nbsp; my cousin in New York for 2 weeks and I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; reading for this day for so long. Right now, I'm&nbsp; sitting at my study desk. My suitcase is packed.&nbsp;&nbsp; My ticket is ready. I try to sleep, but I keep&nbsp; thinking about my trip. What will the airport be&nbsp;&nbsp; like? Will I remember all the steps? Early in the&nbsp; morning, I go outside and a taxi pulls up in front&nbsp;&nbsp; of my house. Good morning. Going to the airport?&nbsp; Yes, thank you. I get in, buckle my seat belt,&nbsp;&nbsp; and look out the window as the city passes by. I&nbsp; feel excited, but I keep checking my phone to make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure I know my departure terminal number. Terminal&nbsp; B departures. When we arrive, the driver asks,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Which terminal?" "Terminal B, please." The&nbsp; taxi stops in front of a big sign that says,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Terminal B." I grab my suitcase and walk&nbsp; toward the entrance, ready to check in.&nbsp;&nbsp; First, I find the check-in counter for my airline.&nbsp; A friendly staff member smiles at me. Hello,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you checking in? Yes, I'm flying to New York.&nbsp; I hand over my passport and ticket. They print my&nbsp;&nbsp; boarding pass and put a tag on my suitcase.&nbsp; I push my suitcase onto the moving belt. It&nbsp;&nbsp; disappears behind a curtain. I think, "Wow, that's&nbsp; it. My bag is really going on the plane." Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; I follow the signs to security check. There's a&nbsp; long line of people taking off shoes, jackets,&nbsp;&nbsp; and emptying their pockets. I do the same, but I&nbsp; forget to remove my keys. When I walk through the&nbsp;&nbsp; gate, it starts beeping, and I get scared for&nbsp; a moment. A security officer smiles and says,&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's okay. Please take out your keys." I put my&nbsp; keys in the tray with my backpack and try again.&nbsp;&nbsp; This time I walk through the gate and no beep.&nbsp; Thankfully, the officer hands me my bag. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; all set. Have a good flight. I take a deep breath.&nbsp; Step three. Done. Inside the departures hall,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything looks huge. Lots of gates, numbers,&nbsp; and signs. I check my boarding pass. Date B15.&nbsp;&nbsp; I follow the signs, walk past shops, and finally&nbsp; find gate B15. I sit down and wait for boarding&nbsp;&nbsp; to start. I feel so excited. The announcement&nbsp; comes. Passengers for flight 729 to New York,&nbsp;&nbsp; please board now. My heart jumps. That's me.&nbsp; I grab my boarding pass and walk down the jet&nbsp;&nbsp; bridge. The plane looks huge up close. I step&nbsp; inside and feel the gentle hum of engines. I&nbsp;&nbsp; find my seat by the window and put my backpack&nbsp; in the overhead bin. I buckle my seat belt,&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling a mix of excitement and nervousness. The&nbsp; flight attendants smile and explain the safety&nbsp;&nbsp; instructions. I listen carefully. They show how to&nbsp; use the seat belt, oxygen mask, and life jacket.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once the plane starts moving down the runway, my&nbsp; stomach tingles. The engines roar a little louder.&nbsp;&nbsp; I look out the window as the ground gets smaller&nbsp; and smaller. When the plane finally takes off,&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel a rush of joy and relief. Soon, the flight&nbsp; attendants bring snacks and drinks. I get a small&nbsp;&nbsp; sandwich and a juice. It feels nice to eat&nbsp; something while watching the clouds outside.&nbsp;&nbsp; I sip my juice, feeling proud. I'm really flying&nbsp; alone. I smile and think about my cousin in New&nbsp;&nbsp; York and the adventure ahead. After a smooth&nbsp; flight, we land. I follow the crowd to the&nbsp;&nbsp; baggage claim area. Bags slide out on the conveyor&nbsp; belt. I wait and wait, but my bag does not come.&nbsp;&nbsp; My stomach tightens. I remember what my mom told&nbsp; me. If something goes wrong, stay calm. So, I take&nbsp;&nbsp; a deep breath and follow these steps. Step one,&nbsp; look around again. I check the area carefully.&nbsp;&nbsp; Step two, check another belt. Sometimes bags come&nbsp; out somewhere else, but mine doesn't. Step three,&nbsp;&nbsp; go to the lost luggage desk. I walk to a small&nbsp; desk with a sign that says lost baggage. Hi, I&nbsp;&nbsp; can't find my suitcase. It didn't come out. Let me&nbsp; check. Can I see your baggage tag? I hand them the&nbsp;&nbsp; small sticker from check-in. They type something&nbsp; on their computer. Good news. Your luggage was put&nbsp;&nbsp; on a later flight by mistake. It will arrive in&nbsp; about 2 hours. We can deliver it to your cousin's&nbsp;&nbsp; address. I feel so relieved. They give me a simple&nbsp; form. I write my name, phone number, and where I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; staying. Then they smile and tell me everything&nbsp; is okay. I walk out of the airport with no bag,&nbsp;&nbsp; but a big smile. At first, I feel a little worried&nbsp; my suitcase didn't arrive. But then I remember&nbsp;&nbsp; something important. It's a good thing I kept&nbsp; extra clothes in my backpack. I still have what&nbsp;&nbsp; I need for the first day. I take a deep breath&nbsp; and think about everything I just did. I did&nbsp;&nbsp; it. I flew by myself. I handled a problem on my&nbsp; own. And now I'm ready to enjoy my trip. The city&nbsp;&nbsp; looks exciting outside the airport. I feel proud,&nbsp; confident, and ready for my adventure in New York.

- My First Solo Flight – A Story of Courage and Dreams | Learn English Through Story Level 2: Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm sharing a story about facing my biggest fear, my first solo flight. It was a moment of doubt, courage, and transformation that taught me what I'm truly capable of. I was nervous. It was my first time flying a plane alone. My heart was beating fast. My hands were shaking a little. I had many questions in my head. Can I do it? Am I ready? What if I make a mistake? When I was a child, I loved airplanes. I always looked up at the sky and watched them fly. I dreamed of flying one day. I wanted to be like the pilots I saw in movies. That dream helped me decide to become a pilot. I joined a flying school. I trained for many months. I studied hard and listened to my instructors. I practiced flying again and again. I learned how to take off, how to land, and how to stay calm in the sky. I also worked on my mind. I told myself every day, "You are getting better. You are almost ready." The day of my solo flight came. I felt scared but also excited. It was a big moment. I walked to the plane alone. My instructor smiled and said, "You can do this." That helped me feel stronger. I checked everything on the plane. Then I started the engine. The sound of the engine made my heartbeat even faster. I took a deep breath and moved the plane to the runway. Then I took off. It was my first time flying without help. I felt nervous, but I also felt brave. As the plane lifted off the ground, I felt free. I was flying. I was in control. It was a special moment I will never forget. I kept flying. I followed the flight plan. I looked at the instruments. I stayed focused. I thought, I can really do this. I am flying a plane all by myself. Flying solo felt amazing. I smiled inside the cockpit. I looked out the window and saw the beautiful sky. The sun was shining. The clouds looked soft and white. Below me, I saw rivers, roads, houses, and trees. Everything looked small and quiet. It felt peaceful. I felt like I was in a different world. This flight was more than just flying. It showed me how strong I could be. It showed me that I could face my fear and win. I was not the same person anymore. I had grown. Soon it was time to land. I started my descent. I remembered my training. I stayed calm. I controlled the plane carefully. When the wheels touched the ground, I felt so happy and proud. I had done it. I smiled and laughed. My first solo flight was finished. I had reached my goal. It was a moment of victory. I had worked hard and now I was living my dream. Flying alone changed something inside me. I felt more confident. I believed in myself more than ever. Now I want to share my story with others. Maybe someone is afraid to try something new. Maybe someone has a big dream but is too scared to start. I want to tell them, "Don't give up. Keep going. You can do it. Flying is still my passion. I want to keep learning and flying more. The sky feels like home to me now. If you have a dream, follow it. If you are scared, take small steps. One day you will be proud of how far you've come. Just like I was after my first solo flight. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed the video, don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. See you in the next one.

- My Aviation story #3 //My first solo flight// why I changed school: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys welcome and oh welcome back to my youtube channel if you're a returning subscriber you are welcome it was your first time here um you're welcome i'm esther elijah and you're welcome to my youtube channel here i'm going to be talking about food enjoyment plenty plenty things but most importantly i'll be taking you through my aviation journey how i started where i am now and where i'm heading to so today i'm going to be giving you the gist of how i went solo my first solo flight just relax chill and follow me okay so um i'm currently in johannesburg i'm in south africa and yeah aviation has always been something i love and have always wanted to do so i came into this school and school x yeah and yeah we started the whole aviation training stuff mind you first thing you need to know about your training process is you go to the gi fly that's the general flying area so my training started in the johannesburg general flying area general flying area yeah so there they teach you how to fly straight on level how to basic tones um how to just know your aircraft basically not everything but just the basics you know how to fly straight how to climb how to descend that's was majorly what we did and yeah that exercise went beautifully well and i moved on to the second part of training which is your circuit flying your circuit button and basically pad on my basically because i'll be saying it a lot in this video okay so basically basically i went to uh went for my second training still in process like it's all together when you go to the gf learn how to fly straight and level descend climbs then you go to the second move on to the second training so the second pattern is we have the normal circuit pattern which is okay here i'm going to be using the basic english for anybody to understand so a circuit pattern is a certain kind of pattern for flying which is the rectangular pattern and it's usually a left hand um flight pattern and we also have the irregular one that is also the right way but it's not a regular flight pattern that we that we fly and another reason for that is because of where our atc guys are positioned yeah correct me if i'm wrong ask your questions down in the comment section and i'll be delighted to answer all of them okay so back to my story we went to the second and we started flying basically in the second in my time i was taught from takeoff okay we learned learned how to take off how to you know take off fly upwind cross swing downwind base and then back to first so it's a rectangle if i can i would put it somewhere here i'll put it somewhere here in the video so i was looking at myself you know my friend okay so we started that and all that went well not exactly it was very difficult for me so i'll be very clean and very you know honest it was a bit difficult because i did not know my reference points so it's a personality thing i think maybe i was non-challenged maybe because i could actually fly or go to a certain place 20 million times and still get missing because i don't care so okay so i don't drive i only fly planes so it's kind of i that also you know um contributed but i don't blame anybody i blame myself so yeah we started the the training and did the rectangular left-handed flight pattern so in my um training institution in the airport where we use we have runway 2-9 runway three five runway one one and runway one seven so oh yeah i love runway two nine my choice but as a pilot you should know how to take off and land on any any runway so yeah um we report a downwind that is um after your check and your check i'm going to put it somewhere but i'll just say it because i'll be talking a little bit fast so that which is breaks on and off and you do your brakes on and off because you want to check the brake pressure so that you don't go to your finals and your brakes aren't working so what you're doing breaks and enough that stepping on the brake and taking your feet out slowly is to check for the pressure pressure pressure pressure so then would uh breaks on and off undercarriage down and down unlocked for for downwind so when you say down unlocked it means that you've released your undercarriage your tire release it and it is down and locked so what you're saying you're also doing it but for my training aircraft it was a fixed on the courage so down unlocked um now at this point this is where you know if you would call an emergency or negotiate or do an emergency landing or call it medical make a medical radar because at this point you're supposed to have your landing wheels out that's your undercarriage you're supposed to have it out your wheels out so that you can touch down it also induces drag to slow down the aircraft yeah so undercurrent down a lot landing light is on and um flaps if necessary our advice yeah flaps if necessary depends on what you're doing so flaps is if necessary but according to our book flaps is um 10 degrees so basically when you apply flaps your aircraft tends to pitch up so you put back pressure to put the nose down counter the effect of the flaps then you trim for it and continue you proceed for your base after seeing of course your reference point to my story now i don't know that and i was bubbling and oh and what happened happened gang gang gang so here is my story in the school where i was i was told um okay so in my 10 hour check they're like the instructor was like good to go she should send you solo what was your instructor should send you solo now my head instructor severally discussing me in the hallway um if you send hustler they're done be like okay they're gonna say yeah flown with her she's good and all manner of stuff to me i believe it's racism because they did it to a couple of other people that look like me so they kept delaying and delaying and delaying and taking my money i for example if i forget a call sign or something they make me do the entire process again which was now really frustrating so frustrating i packed up and left the country and after a while when i was done sleeping i came back and continued to carry my cross because this is what i chose to do guys this is what i chose to do so yeah i came back encouraged myself in the lord encourage myself picked myself up went back to the aircraft and i tried to do it again wasn't working and then i had to change before i changed school i was told to fly with somebody one of the instructors and i went flew with him he made me extremely uncomfortable walking to the aircraft you were like you know that face of just don't bother i'm going to just feel you something like that so it gave me the face i was uncomfortable me i was i already knew it was time for my solo but everybody was just a dragon okay so yeah he came in telling me i don't feel good and but if you want to fly let's go fly and all that i was already but i went anyway which was my number one mistake the moment you don't my advice is the moment you don't feel okay to do anything in aviation don't do it reason being that you are seated on the left on the on the left side you are the pilot and commander whatever happens you're responsible most of them will tell you but just put that in front of your heart you are the pilot in command you are the boss you are the person pain and but then listen to your instructor if your instructor stood there but that just have it in front of your heart so we went to fly and then we got airborne and he was like giving me the face he's giving all the his all the stress sounds and all i got got disorganized i tried my best to you know do my second pattern and but it just wasn't working so but i tried i came back went for my debrief and it was like i already told you i'm having a bad day first of all secondly as far as i'm the cfi as far as i mean this school you can never be a pilot uh just pack up and leave after spending how much thousand i felt putting in my mental work my strength my exams i can never be a pilot like it was just everything was going down so fast for me and i didn't tell my parents i didn't tell my brothers those ones without husband shut that so i didn't tell him but i just swallowed it and kept it and i told him i need a second opinion and he was like no i can just sign your documents now and then you leave the school i'm like i need a second opinion it's like whatever you want to do but just know as far as i'm here you can never be a pilot i'm like okay cool thank you very much now i got a second opinion flying now with the school's cfi now a cfi is the chief flight instructor so i requested to fly with the chief flight instructor and that one walked to the aircraft with the cigarette in his hand looked at me smiled that old witch smile i was like um are you ready starts when you're ready but uh just keep it in mind i heard what what i was going to call that person's name keep in mind i had what mr x said i'm like okay so if you wear my shoes what would they have done would they have gone for the flight or you would have just cancelled well i decided to proceed with my flight which was another second mistake i went for my flight and you know we became airborne again and he's like look behind you so i turned and looked behind me and looked at him why did i look behind me what am i looking for and he said were you not told i'm like told what okay when you look behind you you should check to see that the runway is behind you i'm like okay at that point it did not make sense to me so we continued what we did my as far as long as i was flying with him every time i did it go around i okay go around is you come to the runway you touch down and continue most times you don't yeah you touch down and continue so more like a touch and go not to go around so you go around this you still airborne ending but they touch and go as you touch the runway and take off again so for every time we touch down like touch and go we did a touch and go i looked back i did not know what i was looking for but i'd look back and continue and this guy excuse me and this guy was on his phone not minding what i was doing all he wanted to see was that i looked back i tried my best but i guess it wasn't good enough we landed long story cut shot he was like i heard what mr x said i so want to call his name so i really really want to call his name but i'll try maybe another video so i had what mr x said you can't be a pilot you should look for something maybe you should do business maybe you should do business sell something you just forget it i'm like okay mind you i've flown with a couple of instructors and everybody was good good good because they kept changing my instructors from my first hour of from my true flight to where i was at that moment they kept turning me and everybody was like claire her claire sent her for solo but i guess what happened happened life happened and i told that person i said you know what just give me my give me my stuff i want to leave the school and he's like you know we're not going to give you your money blah blah blah i will give that just another time but let me carry along long story concert i changed my school and i went to the cfi i told him this is how many hours i have and my life is coming to an end he laughed at me i said you don't do that to yourself in his own words i have sent people on higher hours 10 hours more than you for solo and today they are done with that with their sepia so why and some of them are even flying for big aircraft so why would you look down on yourself i'm like okay i'm better than some people all right so i can do this i again encourage myself to the lock so one day okay i will do the couple we did two flights the first flight and one day i came to school just to cheat i don't think i was flying that thing i just came to school because when i i mean environment not noisy like simba drums and like noisy environment i go to school because yeah that's what i like because i go to school when i was in engineering okay my pre-flight video is going to be coming up after this one so you see what's preflighting really so please please please please subscribe subscribe like share comment send your questions so i did my pre-slice jumped into this and once we did one second and i think hunger i'm like why are we not going to the apron is that just back here okay so i parked he got off the aircraft and said now if you want to die feel free if you want to die feel free to die won't kill yourself you're free our aircraft is insured right now you are alone in this aircraft make sure you make yourself proud and that those words alone really that's just that statement or phrase make yourself proud really made me feel like okay i'm actually doing something right for some people that would have been harsh for them or something but make yourself prouders i gotta make myself proud i was going to i was going to not only make myself proud but make my sister my brothers and my parents proud because they currently are my biggest cheerleaders and disappointing them is one thing i never want to do and i do not want to even think about it so yeah i went for that was how i asked him i said what am i even going to say how do i is that boy be flying why are you scared go go in fact i don't have time for this like close the door asked me to pin it and i did my radio call solo student normal radio and i said so lose it and declared me and i went did my stuff and i'm not dead i did my flight and it was the most beautiful flight ever i came down landed tuxed back to my hunger the apron and that was how your girl went solo i'm going to insert a picture or a video somewhere of my solo flight to see how i was even dressed that day i was not even in the mood to fly but it happened and i went i went solo yeah here comes the end of our chit-chat story time just um of how i went solo my first solo flight so if you have questions put it down in the comment section and i will answer all your questions comments um don't forget to subscribe like and please share this video it's still your girl it's like elijah and i love you bye we should be on the ground short

  Top Comments:
  1. @ucheawajiegop1601 [1 likes]: Very happy for you gurl!!!! In the middle of the video I was already getting angry...I was about to go and look for your number and ask for that instructors details let's come and look for him in SA or "konk" his head in the dream....really proud of you!!! God bless you.
  2. @ezinneelijah [1 likes]: Very interesting
  3. @ezinneelijah [1 likes]: Fly girl!!!!
  4. @estherirokanezi6144 [1 likes]: Good job but the music is a little bit high
  5. @Malvinlethic [1 likes]: I don’t drive cars, I only fly planes ✈️, isn’t she soo cool?
  6. @kayodetope: Beautiful video, just to chip in. The application of flaps which are mounted on the inboard trailing edge of the wing increases the angle of attack of the aerofoil. The immediate effect will be an increase in lift which would be felt as the aircraft trying to climb. Immediate action will be to push the control column or yoke forward to prevent the aircraft climbing and maintaining the Altitude. Remember to re-trim.

Cheers
  7. @ezinneelijah: I think I say basically alot as well lol

- LEARN NIGHT FLYING - 3 Flight Instruction Tips. The thrill of the night that ALL pilots should know: Kind: captions Language: en You really see when you get those lights down, the world just comes to life. I'm Jason Miller, a full-time professional flight instructor. On the Finer Points channel, you can join me as I bring you tips and tricks that I've learned from 20 years on the flight line. Hello aviators, welcome back to the Finer Points. In this video, I'm going to give you three simple tips about night flying that I think will add to your safety while you're flying out there, maybe inspire you to go get night current, and give you some confidence to maybe take some passengers up and enjoy this beautiful part of aviation. First tip is, just to remember that not all nights are created equal. As part of your flight planning, you really need to consider the phase of the moon, whether or not there's a high overcast. If there's, you know, a full moon and snow on the ground it can look beautiful and bright, almost like one of those 60s movies with like the blue light, you know trying to simulate nighttime. Other times if there's a high overcast or no moon it can be like ink. Also, you know, the ground lighting, the sort of light pollution, you have to take that into consideration. Consider this recent flight that I took out of San Carlos to go get night current. I took off right here at sunset, that's when your nav lights have to go on by the way, right at sunset but you can see all of this beautiful ambient light. This is what it looked like about 30 minutes later, at the end of civil twilight when night officially begins. And you can see there's still quite a bit of ambient light, and that's why when you go out for currency, like I was doing on this night, you have to wait a full hour after sunset, when it's really dark, to do those three takeoffs and landings to a full stop. But that'll get you night current. Consider this was a beautiful night, there was a sliver of a moon, there were no clouds in the sky I'm flying over the bay area where there's lots of ground lighting, lots of ambient light, so consider that all as part of your flight planning. The next thing I want to tell you is to remember to dim your lights. Dim them progressively, it's easy to take off at sunset and have those interior lights just sort of blaring, but you'll see as you dim those lights the outside world really comes to life. So I was just flying along here, kind of dimming them progressively as my eyes are adjusting to their night adaptation, and to the extent that I can see everything in the cockpit I'm going to dim the lights as much as possible. Also remember that ForeFlight has this extra dimmer here – so sometimes glass panel airplanes can cast so much light inside the airplane, so with ForeFlight, you can dim it on the iPad but you can also use this little button here to do some extra dimming and get that iPad as low as you need to get it, so that it's not disrupting the way you see the world outside the airplane. And the last thing is just remember to monitor the engine very very carefully. Not like you don't in the daytime but at night it's extra important to stay aware of what's happening with the engine, and to be vigilant about watching for emergency landing options while you have some ambient light. You still have the same options available you know as the daytime but once it gets dark out there it can be really, really tough, so maybe you plan your route differently, maybe you carry a little extra altitude. You can see from this flight that I'm showing you that at night you really have to go for something dark. You can't go for anything lit up like the streets all have cars and street lights and signs and all of that. So you have to think ahead, plan accordingly. And a lot of times, unfortunately, you're guessing. And it's really important that you protect the people on the ground as well as the people in the airplane. You know what's pretty, like just humbling to think about at night, especially over an area like this. Here we are a thousand feet over Oakland. This is not my favorite place to be because if something happened to the engine here we'd have no choice but to go for something dark – a park, something like that. I mean all the cars on the freeway like that we're liable to hit somebody and kill a kid or something. It's not their problem down there, so we'd have to find a place to go where maybe it'd be a little more risky for us, but just not have to live with hurting somebody else. So if you freeze it here you can kind of see what I'm talking about. There's just not too many options, I like the water right up here by Coast Guard Island, but let me know in the comments below where you would go. Alright you guys, but night flying is awesome, you can see how beautiful it was on this night we were flying. Hopefully those three tips inspire you to go out and get night current. Enjoy this beautiful part of aviation. And consider some of the things I was saying here about pre-flight planning, the phase of the moon, the overcast, where you're going to be flying, making sure that you have flashlights and other lighting inside the cockpit all set to go and that you're dimming it accordingly and that you're staying vigilant about emergency landing options. Alright aviators, that's all for this episode of the Finer Points, a huge thanks to the sponsors for their support of the show. If you haven't gotten a free three-day trial of the Ground School app, we just added a night flying lesson, so perfect time to do that. We also have a free gift video available at learnthefinerpoints.com. We've got airplane camp adventure trips coming up this summer, so if you haven't seen those please visit learnthefinerpoints.com to check out all of that stuff and more. And if you're not yet a Patron, that support is huge, there's tons of bonus content on Patreon, we do monthly Zoom calls, there's 25% off the Ground School app if you sign up, tons of bonus content there, so go check that out. That's a huge part of how I'm able to keep producing these videos. Alright, you guys are the best fans on the internet. Please hit the like button, subscribe to the channel, share far and wide with your friends, leave me a comment, let me know how you're enjoying these videos and most importantly, until next time be safe and fly your best!

  Top Comments:
  1. @rustyflyer2835: Great video. The moon was something I never thought of till I took my wife and daughter on a trip up the coast and knew it would be a night flight home. It turned out to be a no moon night in the middle of nowhere(so no ground reference), which I admit I didn’t cae for but was ok. My wife on the other hand was having panic attack because she couldn’t see anything. She calmed down once we got back to civilization. Lesson learned.
  2. @flyineagle4651: How can you see or identify a field or a non lit up area? Depending on the times there may not be any cars on a road that has lights. Could be the safest option
  3. @andrewmaclean9810: I love the views during night flying, its the BEST view in aviation but I can never really enjoy it in a single engine (which is all I'm rated for). I just can't relax, whole time I'm thinking what if my engine dies right here, to the point where it takes the joy out of it and I'm just counting down the minutes until I land:/ I'll get more into it when I'm more experienced and have my multi but rn at 160hrs I'm just not there yet. Even finding the airport among the city lights is a struggle, although I bet having a glass cockpit would help with that. It's a bummer bc it's truly magical up there.
  4. @j_ondrusek: From water into the beach, dig the airplane nose into the sand.
  5. @Grunt-h6b: water
  6. @DriveandThrive: My first thought was the water too because the sports fields there might not be long enough and might have things around them
  7. @Pilot_engineer_19: For a currency flight night you might want to do what is the easiest.  Fly over your expected night routine during the day. Make mental note of all the places you could land if a problem develops. Fly the route several times so you are throughly familiar with the area. Now one last time before  currency flight do a night flight. Compare how all your possible landing sites look at night. Now you are ready for that all important check.  Good luck. 😊
  8. @invostudio9809: are night flights mandatory for PPL?
  9. @Redbaron_sites: WATER, WATER, definitely Water 🌊
  10. @Dawsondive: Great video!    To have an engine out and land into unknown blackness is quite possibly a death sentence. Unless you know its a field or whatever. Just land on the less busy road. Give you and your passengers a fighting chance to live.  Everyone's aware when they get into their cars and go drive on the road, they are taking a risk with their life. They expect they might collide with a another car or truck so what's the difference if its a plane that day instead hahah To each their own
  11. @FastEnoch: 20501 Quigley Coves
  12. @aviatortrucker6285: My first option would be any airport. I could see within sight including any grass field that is a restricted site. I would also turn on every light to include taxi and landing light. This might be a good idea to install deer lights or an LED bar on top of the wing, lol.
  13. @AndrewCagleFilm: I just completed my first night flight as a student pilot and loved it. Granted, smooth air and cooler temps is much better than 100F on the ground with gusts and thermals in the Texas Summer. I asked my instructor how engine failure is handled at night. The main takeaway from our convo was that altitude = options. Looking ahead, I will plan night cross country flights at the highest reasonable altitude for the route, consider requiring a certain minimum ceiling, and try to include lighted airfields within gliding distance of my course as best as I can.
  14. @martinlee7064: Suppose I'd go for the water, too 👍
  15. @haggeoromero: I would go for the hills behind my house, no power lines, houses or trees.
  16. @Gryronaut: Good tips! Thanks!
  17. @ndub1410: Freeway is actually quite safe. Highway system was built in part for airplanes
  18. @johnalpine2817: Just watched this after reading about a recent crash at night in La Jolla CA. Thank you.
  19. @barrybander8312: If no water body nearby, a known open land  eg farmland, golf course etc is an option
  20. @miamirules101: I like the water as well

- 4 Flight Training Tips for Student Pilots: This changed my life at flight school!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] new pilots pay attention in this video I'm unveiling four essential tips that are guaranteed to not only accelerate your flight training but also boost your entire Aviation career drawing from almost two decades of flying experience these are my top pieces of advice that significantly helped me through my flight training and contributed to my success as a commercial pilot so let's go I'm Evan and I've been flying airplanes since I was 14 years old being a commercial pilot in the Rocky Mountains is incredible and has led me on some very wild adventures my mission to share with you my love for Aviation the outdoors and all the things I've learned along the way in hopes of inspiring the next generation of adventurers and Adventure seeking Pilots if you're new to the channel then cheers don't forget to like And subscribe and as always welcome aboard good afternoon everybody in this video I'm going to give you the four biggest tips I can give to people in Flight School the four things that helped me the most as an aspiring pilot that was going through Flight Training so let's Dive Right In the first one is making friends socializing not only with uh your instructor but also with other students with the other instructors maybe you're not flying with a particular instructor but you want to get to know everybody at the flight school make friends the reason is that throughout the entire process of training there's going to be times where you're going to want to rely on other people and ask questions hey how did you do on this oh you didn't do so well on this well here's what I learned about this or you know give people advice and receive advice from others the best thing you can do is make lots of good friends my second tip is network and get to know the mechanics go hang out when the airplanes are being maintained this is a great time to get to understand how the airplanes work mechanically and trust me it is fascinating and a great way to learn how the things you do in the cockpit how that affects the mechanical side of the aircraft and I'll be honest it's one of the most fascinating parts of Aviation my third tip is to buy a flight simulator this is going to sound a little bit cheesy but if you're doing your IFR training one of the most useful tools that I had was Microsoft flight simulator and I actually had purchased it for I think it was like I don't know $40 and then I actually bought one of the yolks the flight Sim yolks and I had the flight Sim rottle quadrant and I even went to the point where I had the uh Rudder pedals so I kind of had the full uh at home flight s but that is literally peanuts compared to uh the cost of using the flight school's flight Sim now you can't necessarily log the time I don't know if you can now but for me it was a great way to practice my procedures understand how to fly the approaches and it's honestly very close to real life obviously it's not the same as being in a real airplane so we're just going to make a quick r call here Victor Alpha xray withy 1343 xenter good afternoon so having an at home flight simulator is great because you can practice your procedures you can practice reading the charts you can get a good understanding of how to fly these approaches even though you're not in a real airplane even though you're not logging the time for me I end up spending probably hundreds of hours just sitting at home flying approaches and I got so good and so fast at preparing the airplane for the procedures that uh the flight training was actually a lot smoother than um I think it was for others that didn't have that sort of setup at home and trust me you can buy that whole setup for probably under I don't know probably under 500 bucks even if you go buy the yolk uh used or all the uh I mean flight Sim is not that expensive nowadays anyway so uh yeah that's my third tip the fourth tip is go and network at the local Flying Club or the cafe all those older Pilots that are sitting around those are great people to get to know because obviously they're going to have lots of cool stories about how they used to fly back in the day and uh you know obviously it's times of change so you probably won't be able to do the same stuff they did but they have great connections they might be able to put you in contact with people that can hook you up with your first job and they might have some really good advice some stuff like this simple saying better to be on the ground wishing you're in the sky than in the sky wishing you're on the ground simple piece of advice but uh it was uh you know very useful and very valuable yeah that's my four tips make sure you network get to make lots of friends socialize go meet the mechanics hang around see how the airplanes are maintained and buy yourself a flight Sim at home and of course go network with all those old pilots go hang on at the cafes and trust me it'll make your life at flight school so much better and it'll make you a much better pilot hope you enjoyed this video everybody don't forget to like And subscribe and as always happy and safe flying check out this view oh actually there's no view cuz the uh windshield's fogged up so we'll turn on the uh wind Shield heat on low all right see you everybody cheers thanks for watching everybody hope you enjoyed this video don't forget to like And subscribe and as always if you're new to the channel welcome aboard little cheers to all the new viewers and if you're curious on what it's like to become a pilot with a process is how to get your first Aviation job then I've got videos on my channel that you can check out to help get you started absolutely love and appreciate all the support everybody so we'll catch you on the next adventure happy and safe flying everybody cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @shadetreehomesim [4 likes]: Even flight sim becomes addictive lol…as for that $500 cost, yeah some of us went in a wee bit too far lol.

Great video though
  2. @jdean2131 [4 likes]: Older Pilot here….I cannot disagree with anything this young man said.   Bravo Zulu!
  3. @EmilyTienne [3 likes]: Four tips: 1. Network, 2. Network, 3. Buy a flight sim. 4. Network.
  4. @1234papi [3 likes]: damm im 25 years old and decided to change carrere 😆 starting flight school soon
  5. @rackum44 [3 likes]: I'm just a flight simmer but I do have all the goodies. Throttle quadrant yoke rudder pedals and I love flying and learning
  6. @fighterbomberMiG27 [2 likes]: When I was watching this video, I've got a feeling I'm watching Hollywood movie, all in dynamic, producing a lot of energy for viewers and just simply awesome presentation. Absolutely informative and useful video for everyone who dreams of Skies. Good luck with your channel growing. Great job. My Sub
  7. @PauloCFarias [1 likes]: It is true I have it. I love it and been playing for years.
  8. @ViacheslavIvantishin-ud7qt [1 likes]: How have i chosen my flight school? I looked for the school with less number of girls... The way they drive a car gives me chills, so i cant imagine them in the cockpit
  9. @theprinceofliberia6793: And all radio frequencies and of VIORs, NDBs, DMEs and ILSs, runway headings  in Microsoft Flight Simulator are real too which is pretty cool.
  10. @theprinceofliberia6793: Im so glad you talked about Microsoft flight simulator. I literally spend thousands of hours flying on it and i took it very seriouslly. My friend became pilot at Lewis University Illinois and gave me his PPL manual and i bought sectional charts and final instrument approach fix placard book at the store that used to be by O'Hare on Foster rd. I took flyin lessons in indiansa aero club flyin Schweitzer 2-23 glider and even my flight instructor said "stick to only one type aircraft and fly it non stop" and i only did 172 and caravan and sometimes 737 for fun. I was able to land all 3 in CAT3 and after few yeas of not using it I tried it agian and it was impossible. 
There is FAR: Computer Based Training Device regulation and you can log 2.5 or 3.5 hours on Microsoft simulator but you have to have instrumeny panel, throttle quadrant, yoke, pedals, radio stack headphones, and carburetor heat is must.
  11. @topofthegreen: Treat it seriously, every flight is a check ride and a job interview, you are always being evaluated on everything you say and do. Pilots are always under the microscope, when something goes wrong, they always blame the pilot.
  12. @naturesfinest4218: so 2 total tips.. 1 talk and make friends with everyone around and 2 buy a flight sim!
  13. @luvium1: Good tips, don’t forget a decent gaming computer is necessary to run MS2024! Cheers !
  14. @Eurekaairline9205: I want to become a pilot
  15. @LuisENy-pr2ow: Basically going and get your money's worth😊
  16. @LovingKitty711: Omg I loved this video, thank u so much 🙏🤗 Which edition of the flight simulator do you suggest?
  17. @Shuzcan61: MFR.  Thank you kindly Evan for the tips -- personally speaking, I do recommend the same venues as well as a young student.  My first lessons in flight school; aviate, navigate and communicate (in that order).  Wise advice and recommended; interacting with the Pros in Aviation is definitely a must!  Won´t cost you a dime while meeting new friends.  I was very fortunate and privileged to have met both fighter and commercial pilots during my career in the USAF -- outstanding lessons learned to adhere in my book.  In closing, BLUE SIDE UP!
  18. @KaBaPilot: Thank you very much.
  19. @workadayadventures: You sound just like Yammie Noob lol
  20. @hassnadshah2804: Nice bro. Iam from Pakistan advice me any flying school to become commercial pilot. Advice me flying school which gives job guarantee. Thank

- Single Pilot Operations: The Risks and Challenges: Kind: captions Language: en You may remember this - or it was well before&nbsp; you were born… but in the early days of aviation,&nbsp;&nbsp; there were five flight crew members in the&nbsp; cockpit assisting in flying the aircraft.&nbsp;&nbsp; These crew members consisted of the captain,&nbsp; the first officer, the flight engineer,&nbsp;&nbsp; the navigator, and a radio operator. With&nbsp; advancements in technology, the crew complement&nbsp;&nbsp; has been now reduced to just two on-duty&nbsp; personnel - the captain and the first officer. Near the end of 2022, we heard the news of&nbsp; some regulators coming together to discuss&nbsp;&nbsp; the possibility of removing one of the pilots&nbsp; in the cockpit and heading toward what is called&nbsp;&nbsp; Single Pilot Operations (SPO). This news&nbsp; was not well taken by most in the industry. So, is SPO a possibility? In this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; we will discuss the main concerns and challenges&nbsp; in implementing SPO in commercial air transport. If single pilot operations were&nbsp; to become a reality - it would&nbsp;&nbsp; be huge for the airlines. Their flight crew&nbsp; requirements would be significantly reduced,&nbsp;&nbsp; and any pilot shortage issues could&nbsp; be solved - or at least postponed. Of course, airlines will always prioritize safety&nbsp; over profits - even if it sometimes doesn’t feel&nbsp;&nbsp; that way from a passenger perspective. Having two&nbsp; pilots instead of one would indeed be an issue of&nbsp;&nbsp; safety. So what are the main concerns associated&nbsp; with having just one pilot flying the aircraft? Well, on the surface, the concerns are&nbsp; obvious. Two pilots in the cockpit have&nbsp;&nbsp; been the norm since the beginning of passenger air&nbsp; transport, and there are many reasons behind it. The first obvious reason for why there&nbsp; should be two pilots in the cockpit is&nbsp;&nbsp; Redundancy - having a back-up pilot&nbsp; who is able to fly the aircraft. If one of the pilots were to become&nbsp; incapacitated, the other pilot could&nbsp;&nbsp; take over the full operation of the aircraft&nbsp; and make a landing. Every so often, we hear&nbsp;&nbsp; reports of pilots becoming incapacitated&nbsp; during a flight. In these situations,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s more important than ever to have another&nbsp; experienced crew member who is able to cover. If you know anything about&nbsp; aircraft design and operations,&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the pillars of aviation is redundancy&nbsp; - and Taking one pilot away is a big risk. Secondly, a reduction in overall workload for&nbsp; each crew member is the other factor to consider. A pilot’s job is not only to fly the&nbsp; aircraft. It also involves proper&nbsp;&nbsp; systems management and communication&nbsp; to ensure the safety of the operation.&nbsp;&nbsp; In today’s airliner cockpit, there&nbsp; are two pilots with assigned roles.&nbsp;&nbsp; One is the Pilot Flying (PF), and the&nbsp; other is the Pilot Monitoring (PM).&nbsp;&nbsp; The PF’s job is to fly and navigate the aircraft,&nbsp; while the job of the PM is everything else.&nbsp;&nbsp; This includes communication with the ATC, systems&nbsp; monitoring and management, and, most importantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; monitoring the actions of the PF. This way,&nbsp; the most critical part of the flight - the&nbsp;&nbsp; act of flying itself - is centered around one&nbsp; single pilot, which reduces the risk of errors. The roles of the PF and PM intensify in&nbsp; failure conditions, where the PM still&nbsp;&nbsp; manages the non-flying abnormal procedures that&nbsp; are required to counter the failure condition.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is in abnormal conditions that the&nbsp; importance of two pilots is fully realized.&nbsp;&nbsp; Complex failures can be difficult to comprehend,&nbsp; and this requires active input from both pilots&nbsp;&nbsp; to dive deep into the problem and solve&nbsp; it. This sometimes may include shifting&nbsp;&nbsp; of the roles between the pilots (i.e.,&nbsp; the PF momentarily becoming the PM). While much of the movie Sully is a dramatized&nbsp; Hollywood version of the 2009 event known as&nbsp;&nbsp; the “Miracle on the Hudson,” the cockpit&nbsp; scene demonstrates how important a second&nbsp;&nbsp; crew member can be during a crisis, as the&nbsp; captain is able to focus on flying the plane&nbsp;&nbsp; while the first officer carefully&nbsp; goes over the appropriate checklist. The other benefit of two pilot operations&nbsp; is that both pilots can check each other’s&nbsp;&nbsp; work to ensure that something is done&nbsp; properly. As humans do make mistakes,&nbsp;&nbsp; one more set of eyes watching helps to minimize&nbsp; errors that could lead to a serious incident.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many times, incidents and accidents have been&nbsp; avoided due to cross-checking, which is the common&nbsp;&nbsp; norm in an airliner cockpit - as well as in the&nbsp; cabin with flight attendants and emergency exits.. So with these factors needing to be considered,&nbsp;&nbsp; what sorts of challenges stand in the way of&nbsp; safe and effective single pilot operations? Firstly, the technology simply&nbsp; does not exist at the moment A modern airliner is highly automated. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; the automation and the autoflight system is&nbsp; simply an obedient subordinate of the pilots.&nbsp;&nbsp; It can only do what it is told to do.&nbsp; It does not have a mind of its own. If airliners are to be operated&nbsp; with a single pilot in the cockpit,&nbsp;&nbsp; the automation must have some&nbsp; characteristics that represent&nbsp;&nbsp; the human pilot it is replacing. It must be&nbsp; able to challenge and respond to the pilot,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it must be able to “tell” the pilot what&nbsp; it is doing before the task is completed. The main problem with this is that&nbsp; you can only program a computer&nbsp;&nbsp; to a limit. A human can adapt to the&nbsp; changing environment. Unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; a computer can only perform tasks&nbsp; as per the codes written in it. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it becomes really difficult to divide the&nbsp; tasks between a human pilot and automation. A simple example is this: let's say an aircraft&nbsp; is on a challenging approach to land and,&nbsp;&nbsp; close to the ground, it starts&nbsp; to rain and the winds pick up.&nbsp;&nbsp; The (Pilot Monitoring) turns on the&nbsp; wiper without asking the (Pilot Flying). The PF does not say anything as he&nbsp; is fully concentrated on flying the&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft safely onto the runway. After&nbsp; the aircraft is safely on the ground,&nbsp;&nbsp; the PF thanks the PM for turning on the wiper. What happened in this given example is a classic&nbsp; case of human cognitive ability. The PM used&nbsp;&nbsp; his knowledge and understanding of very basic&nbsp; human behavior to make the task easier for his&nbsp;&nbsp; colleague. He knew the PF was not in a position&nbsp; to talk due to the very challenging approach. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; he did what he thought was the best. He turned on&nbsp; the wiper to clear the rain off the windshield. But you might be watching and asking&nbsp; “Well, Couldn’t a computer do it too?” Yes, it could be programmed to detect rain&nbsp; and turn on the wiper. But it first needs to&nbsp;&nbsp; be specifically programmed to respond to&nbsp; a specific amount of rain contamination,&nbsp;&nbsp; for the wipers to be turned on. Sometimes,&nbsp; light rain may not require wipers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and turning them on could distract the&nbsp; pilot. A human pilot, on the other hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; knows with his flying experience how much rain&nbsp; would cause problems for the other pilot and&nbsp;&nbsp; how much would not. A computer cannot realize&nbsp; this, no matter how advanced the technology is. The physical ability of the&nbsp; automated systems is also a question The automation in an aircraft, particularly&nbsp; in a large airliner, is highly integrated and&nbsp;&nbsp; sophisticated. It requires input from various&nbsp; aircraft sensors for it to work properly. If&nbsp;&nbsp; it loses some or all of the data, then it can no&nbsp; longer fly the aircraft. And modern fly-by-wire&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft become extremely difficult to fly&nbsp; without data inputs to the control system. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the pilot not only has to perform&nbsp; the non-flying abnormal procedures,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he is also handed over a crippled aircraft&nbsp; that can no longer be flown accurately. In a two-pilot cockpit environment, such a&nbsp; failure becomes easier to manage because one&nbsp;&nbsp; pilot can wholly concentrate on flying the&nbsp; aircraft (the pilot flying) while the other&nbsp;&nbsp; pilot tries to counter the issue with the&nbsp; set procedures. In a single-pilot cockpit,&nbsp;&nbsp; such a failure could easily overwhelm the pilot to&nbsp; the point where he loses his situational awareness&nbsp;&nbsp; and becomes both physically and mentally&nbsp; fatigued. This can lead to a disaster. So, the autopilot systems in&nbsp; an aircraft with single-pilot&nbsp;&nbsp; operations must be more robust&nbsp; and redundant, and more complex. This last point, the complexity, is&nbsp; another interesting talking point.&nbsp;&nbsp; What if the integration, sophistication, and&nbsp; complexity of the automation become so high&nbsp;&nbsp; that a pilot simply fails to understand it? This&nbsp; can get very complicated in automation failure&nbsp;&nbsp; situations where the pilot may have a hard time&nbsp; understanding what has failed and what is working. This can make him mistrust the system to the point&nbsp; where he is not confident in giving certain roles&nbsp;&nbsp; to the automation, again increasing the workload.&nbsp; This can make it extremely hard for the pilot, who&nbsp;&nbsp; has to single-handedly manage all of the systems,&nbsp; the failure, and of course, the flying itself. So, as you can see, there’s still a long way to&nbsp; go before we might see single pilot operations. And while we’re pretty sure&nbsp; we know how most of you would&nbsp;&nbsp; feel about the prospect of having&nbsp; only one pilot flying an aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; we’d love to hear what you think about it&nbsp; all - and the reasons for your position. Leave a comment and let us know! Thanks for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @conorbyrne2237 [7 likes]: I hate SPO I hope both airlines and manufacturers never loose sight of the benefit of two pilots. I won’t fly if there’s only one pilot!
  2. @scottlewisparsons9551 [3 likes]: Yes they can introduce single pilot planes. I will not be a passenger on any single pilot commercial flight. End of story!
  3. @BigPops757 [3 likes]: The day that this happens is the day flying becomes dangerous
  4. @nazaribinismail4548 [2 likes]: THESE PEOPLE PUSHING FOR SINGLE PILOT OPERATION DOESN'T KNOW THE INTRICACIES OF COKPIT OPERATION,  THEY ARE PROBABLY LEADERS WITH ACCOUNTING BACKGROUND,  ADMINISTRATORS,  FINANCIAL PLANNERS,  AND THE LIKES ... TRYING TO CUT COSTS BUT IN ACTUAL FACT IMMENSELY ENDANGERING AIR OPERATIONS ...
  5. @BarneyLeith [1 likes]: I would not be happy to fly on a single pilot commercial aircraft.
  6. @sjvillar2796 [1 likes]: One aspect that was not completely discussed in the video is pilot psychology. Everytime there is a controlled flight into terrain, air crash investigations would focus (too) on the PF’s state of mind. Was the CFIT intentionally done by the pilot? Did the PF have his/her complete faculties to correctly and safely fly the airplane? Having only one pilot increases risks in this area. This is why, everytime a PM requests for time out of the cockpit (toilet break, what have you), usually in narrow body aircrafts, a flight attendant is requested to stay in the cockpit, and avoid being in a situation where there is only one person in the cockpit. Case in point, German Wings 9525.
  7. @ctreurniet3373 [1 likes]: I think that 1 pilot would be harder than having no pilot
  8. @autothrust330 [1 likes]: Germanwings… good luck on selling tickets
  9. @No_War_On_Iran [1 likes]: Looks like someone learned about fighter planes with 1 pilot, and said "How can we use this to save money?"
  10. @ama6487 [1 likes]: I'm not surprised if one day there will be a complete autonomous flight without any pilots or being monitored remotely
  11. @genxpilot69: Can an FO log time in a single pilot aircraft?
  12. @tt5570: Almost everything in the world exists in pairs.
Even the brain has two lobes.

But the human body has only one heart.

A pump that must never stop throughout a lifetime. It has to keep working to stay alive.

Not having a backup is a big problem. A design flaw.

I would never fly in a plane with just one pilot
  13. @theamazinghippopotomonstro9942: As a passenger I want both a Captain and First Officer flying the plane. I'd gladly pay more in my ticket to cover the FO's salary
  14. @JasmineJu: I think this would make sense on short regional flights. Private jets have been flying with single pilots for a while now, and there's no evidence such operation is unsafe.
  15. @Gamer-oh4tj: An automated system requires power to function. In case of complete power failure it could be disastrous
  16. @SmaranSastry5521: No! This should not happen! It’s dangerous for us.
  17. @pesawatindonesia: nice mister
  18. @FatHeadDave: The ONLY way I can see this happening is if you have "drop in pilots", let me explain.

You have a single full time pilot and two relief pilots who also act as cabin crew. These cabin crew pilots would be present during take off and landing to eliminate any redundancy such as pilot Illness (heart attack as an example)

During flight, they would act as cabin crew and drop in when needs be if the pilot needs the toilet or a break.

I still think 1 pilot is STUPID but I can see something like this working at some point if they absolutely insisted on it.

To be clear, I don't agree with 1 pilot
  19. @kilo_alpha_sierra: Well SPO will only reduce safety. Also,  personally I didn't enjoy the background music after 9:13. But enjoyed the deep analysis of the SPO.
  20. @csgamer1904: Can you do a video about the Tui fleet in 2023

- PRIVATE PILOT LICENSE 2024 | Start to Finish | Full Process Explained #flighttraining: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone and welcome to this video perhaps one of the most asked questions i get as a pilot is how do i get my license so i put together some videos this being the first of those videos where i've decided to basically share my story and explain in my own experience from start to finish what the process is and what you may need to do in order to get your license so whether you're pursuing a career as an airline pilot a corporate pilot or maybe you want to fly float planes or bush planes or maybe you want to own your own airplane or maybe you just want to fly get your license for fun hopefully these videos will give you a little bit of insight and shed a little bit of light as far as what you need to do in order to start pursuing your aviation passion whatever that might be now the first license that you will need to get and the reason i made this video is what's called your private pilot's license or ppl for short this license is the starting point of your aviation journey and is where you will learn all of the essentials required to operate an aircraft safely under your own authority once you've completed your private pilot's license you can then continue your training to attain other licenses and ratings such as the multi-engine rating or the ifr instrument rating and even the commercial pilot's license which allows you to fly for higher as a professional working pilot but you must first attain your private pilot's license now the prerequisites for the private pilot's license are as follows you must be at least 17 years of age in order to hold the license however you can start your training at a slightly younger age you must also pass a category three medical exam obtained from a certified aviation medical examiner and although not required i also recommend going on what's called a demo flight or an introductory flight where you get to go with a flight instructor and kind of fly around for a little bit to take you on a short flight you can kind of test the waters to see if flight training is something that you really want to do the timeline required to complete your private license ranges anywhere from one to six months depending on how frequently you fly and how quickly you are progressing if you fly three times a week you're likely to finish much sooner than someone who only flies say for instance once a week for example it took me five months to complete my private license but i was under no immediate time or strength and i flew approximately once twice a week now there are two primary components the private pilots license that must be completed in past the written exam and the practical flight test ground school whether done in class or as an online platform is where you will learn everything from aircraft systems weather and navigation to general information as well as air law ground school prepares you with all the information required to complete and pass your written exam when i started my private pilot's license ground school consisted of two classes per week with each class running approximately three hours in length at first it was a lot of new information in a short period of time especially for a new pilot so i found it useful to review the material after each and every class and in any spare time i had to make sure i retained as much of the information as possible i would even recommend supplementing your ground school training with other online courses or books to assist in furthering your understanding of the material your flight school will have a specific curriculum to follow and it should cover all the topics required for the written exam then the fun started actually learning to fly just like the ground school portion there is a curriculum to follow for the private pilot's license practical training as part of your private license training there are minimum flight hour requirements that must be met you must complete a total of 40 hours total flight time before you can take the practical flight test of these 40 hours 20 hours must be dual instruction time with your flight instructor which must include the following three hours of cross-country flight three hours of night flight instruction three hours of instrument flying relying on your aircraft instruments only and three hours of flight test preparation you must also complete a minimum of 10 hours of solo flying and that means exactly how it sounds flying by yourself for a minimum of 10 hours of which five hours must be cross country time keep in mind that these are the absolute minimum flight hours required in order to qualify for the flight tests it is up to your instructor and when they feel comfortable to determine how well you are progressing through your training and when they think you are ready for the test it is likely you will need more than 40 hours of flight time before you are even ready and confident enough looking at my logbook i had approximately 60 flight hours actually closer to 70 hours logged before i took my flight test there are always components of your training that will require you to dedicate additional time for me it was landings i spent an additional 10 hours actually even close to 15 hours of flight time just practicing my landings probably an additional five hours of upper air work and a few hours here and there practicing other parts of my flying before i felt confident enough for the test as part of your flight training budget don't forget to consider this add a little bit extra in there for the additional training i don't think there's anyone out there who can confidently say they aced every single part of their flight training without having to put in a little extra time and a little bit of extra practice here and there also i should mention that different countries have different minimum flight training requirements canada for instance is slightly different than the us so make sure you consult your flight school on what the minimums are for your specific training now your flight school should have a specific curriculum to follow for the in-flight training just like the ground school each flight starts with a pre-flight briefing where you and your instructor sit down and discuss what the plan is for that particular lesson and ends with a debrief after the flight is completed your first few flights will be focused primarily around basic handling and maneuvering of the aircraft my first two lessons involved learning the basics of straight level flight climbs descents as well as turns coordinated flight and really just getting comfortable at the controls after that the next few lessons focus on learning upper air works such as slow flight stalls steep turns and number of other maneuvers in different aircraft configurations like monkey see monkey do my instructor would demonstrate a particular maneuver and then i would perform it under their watchful eye your instructor will coach you throughout and don't be discouraged if some maneuvers take several attempts usually on the flight back to the airport your instructor will likely quiz you on in-flight emergencies and and have you perform some basic navigation using the maps there are always things to be learning and practicing even when just flying to and from the airport in the practice area once your instructor feels confident in your ability to control the aircraft in the different phases of flight throughout the first few lessons that's when they start teaching you how to land for me learning how to land started on my sixth flight lesson but like i said this is dependent on your confidence in the aircraft and how comfortable your instructor is with your flying progression just like the lessons before my instructor would first demonstrate a perfect landing and then give me control of the airplane and talk me through the process after talking me through a few more landings i was able to get at least a good grasp as far as how to do a normal landing without too much difficulty of course there was always a lot of room for improvement but the subsequent lessons would offer me ample time for practice for the next few flights after my first few landings we would spend all of our time in what's called the circuit practicing takeoffs and landings and doing touch and goes the circuit is essentially a pattern flown in the vicinity of the airport and it allows you to practice your takeoffs approaches and landings several times in a shorter period of time it also helps you get very comfortable with your checklist as you are doing them repeatedly every time you fly once around the pattern in fact here's my actual log book showing just how many times i actually went up and practiced takeoffs and landings in the circuit with my instructor by now you've actually come a long ways you can safely take off perform all the basic maneuvers communicate a little bit with air traffic control navigate around the local area and land the airplane without too much difficulty however one of the most notable times around all of your private pilot's license training is about to happen your first solo ask any pilot today what they remember from their flight training and i guarantee you they won't be able to remember many specific days of their flight training but they will for sure be able to recall almost every detail about their first solo flight like i said your takeoffs and landings are feeling pretty good by now but you are about to fly the plane for the first time completely by yourself from takeoff to landing and everything in between while you're in the circuit this doesn't mean you have your license yet however but it is the first time that you will be completely alone in the airplane nobody beside you to take control if things get a little bit hairy and it is a true sign that your instructor has confidence in your flying abilities to that point it is also a critical part in building your confidence for the rest of your training my first solo started with my instructor and i first practicing a few takeoffs and landings just to get in the swing of things before she told me to taxi to the ramp area where she could get out from the ramp area she stood with a two-way radio to watch me for the first in my life taxi the plane take off fly a circuit and land completely by myself although my first landing flying solo wasn't the prettiest and actually resulted in me having to circle around again and attempt a second landing i tell you what there is nothing more gratifying than when you accomplish your first solo flight upon completing your first solo you've reached an important milestone and at this point training becomes even more interesting after i completed my first solo subsequent lessons consisted of more advanced skills such as navigation shortened soft field takeoffs and landings basic instrument flying some night flying among other things as part of the curriculum and even a little bit more advanced communications and airport operations we also practiced diversions forced landings in the event of an engine failure and several other emergency procedures in between the dual lessons with my instructor i would also fly solo in order to practice the lessons that i had already learned this of course after already had proven that i could operate the airplane safely by myself having completed my first solo being able to fly solo in combination with my dual training was also really beneficial because i could take the things i was learning with my instructor and apply them to my solo flying the next part of my training was cross-country flying because i needed my cross-country flying hours completing the cross-country portion of the training was when i found that all my training was starting to come together cohesively up to that point i was always flying to and from the same airport to and from the practice area or flying in the circuit practicing takeoffs and landings cross-country training teaches you to fly to different airports and introduces you to new flying environments every airport offers its new set of challenges add weather navigation different air space different air traffic control and everything else that you've learned so far i personally found this to be one of my favorite parts of the train because i was now applying my flying skills to actually fly somewhere different in order to be efficient with the training my instructor and i would fly triangle cross-country flights where we would stop at two other airports along the way this gave me more opportunity to practice my landings and expose me to some other airport environments the next cross country i flew the exact same trip but this time did it solo a few more cross-country trips with my instructor after that and a few more trips solar provided me with a lot of practice and not to mention it also contributed to my solo and solo cross country hour requirements keep in mind there's also a solo cross country that is required that must be at least 150 nautical miles you can do a stop in between as long as those stops are at least 50 nautical miles the instrument portion of the training was next and involved practicing flying using your aircraft instruments only this basically trains you to maintain control of the aircraft in the event that you accidentally fly into cloud and lose visual reference to the horizon my instructor simulated several different scenarios where you might enter into cloud accidentally and i had to practice maintaining control of the aircraft while wearing a pair of what's called foggles basically glasses that block out your view of the outside horizon to simulate flying and cloud we practiced the instrument flying over a couple of flights out to the practice area and while we were in route on our cross-country flights a few hours of training using just your instruments gives you a small taste of the much more advanced training required in ifr flying but it's just that a taste next was the night training portion in completing my night hours my instructor had me fly a triangle cross country again where we practice night landings at different airports and practice night navigation this of course had to be done during night hours in more northern latitudes the sun sets much later during the summer and much earlier in the winter i was lucky enough to be doing my night hours during the winter otherwise i may have had to wait till 10 o'clock p.m before the sun would set before i could start my training to this date night time is still perhaps one of my favorite times to fly the visibility is usually great you can see cities roads and the view is spectacular of the stars once you've reached this point it's time to review everything that you've learned the only thing standing in between you and your license now is the practical flight test in order to meet the three-hour flight test preparation requirement hours i went back through my training log with my instructor and she highlighted things that we could go review together before she would recommend me for the test now there are two portions to the practical flight test the oral and the in-flight portions the oral portion is done on the ground with the examiner before your flight where they quiz you on everything from weather aircraft performance and navigation to the flight plan details and everything in between pertinent to that day's flight and conditions once that is completed you then get in the airplane and perform the practical portion of the test this involves completing all of the flight maneuvers within certain tolerances of altitude airspeed and performance as well as proving your competence in cross-country flying navigation communication and aircraft handling they will simulate some emergencies in flight and grade you based on your performance although this may sound daunting right now remember this is after all of your training is completed so you'll have practice and be confident in everything you need to know when i did my flight test i remember feeling a lot more nervous than i probably looked but remember you're basically just performing the things that you have already practiced many times over so don't let the nervousness diminish your confidence also you are human i remember my examiner was more impressed if i knew where and how to find the information i didn't know rather than just trying to remember everything my flight test took a little under two hours of flight time and the ground portion was maybe over an hour before i knew it i had passed the exam and was back on the ground and officially a private pilot after signing some paperwork with the instructor and the examiner they gave me a temporary license to hold me over until my official license arrived in the mail it looks like this kind of like a passport but a heck of a lot cooler if you ask me thank you everyone for watching this video if you'd like to show your support hit that subscribe button down there and give this video a like also if you have any questions at all please leave them in the comment section down below and if you're interested in what comes next after you get your private pods check out some of my other videos on some of the other licenses and ratings and as always happy and safe flying [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnsteichen5239 [41 likes]: Times have sure changed. I learned to fly in 1973. I soloed at 6 hours and passed my PPL at 35 hours. Got my instrument rating in 1992. I built and flew 3 experimental  “home built”  aircraft over the yrs. My second homebuilt was a Rutan Defiant push pull twin engine canard aircraft flew that one deep into the Caribbean islands, Puerto Rico etc.. flew it to Alaska 3 times from Chicago. I recently received my Wright Bros 50 yr award.  From the FAA. I  think the award was for flying home made airplanes for 50 years and not seriously crashing . At age 81 I have just sold my last aircraft. What a trip, wonderful memories, and grateful for all those great mentors.
  2. @Русские-в-Америке [1 likes]: I remember my first solo in 1994 in large biplane An-2 in Russia. The day it was scheduled, i had a night dream where i had my first solo. My engine failed, and i crashed. I told my instructor that morning that i should reschedule my solo  flight, and he cursed me violently and made me fly. All went impeccable, and i had been hailed later as the best first-time solo in years. One year later, i graduated with honors and was graded by chief of the flight school himself. Good old 90ties and all manual controls with all analog gauges and instruments.
  3. @3clicks2hell [1 likes]: Love your videos.
  4. @j.walker3498: So modern instrument training is that like the old days of watching a compass and clock calculating distance with time and speed?
  5. @j.walker3498: I know altitude is your friend but low and slow is so appealing to me.
  6. @FredBennett-l4j: Is 78 too old to pursue ppl?
  7. @jonatrhankarski2696: Classic knowledge. In middle of my training lessons as speak. Looking to get a couple planes. Thinking if become a bit of a gambler.. ill become a Pan Solo. Han Solo. Amyhow. Good content and so accurate for what im going through.
  8. @genosida89: guys how could you afford this training It seen very hard to save the money to pay for my training I am a software engineer and even with a nice salary i dont think i cannot pay 12k
  9. @gordonolson1904: Thanks for this. Going through my online PPL ground training now, just getting into aerodynamics of flight.
Did you ever wind up using a navigation aid like ForeFlight during your flight school training? Any restrictions on its use when doing so?
  10. @schrodingerscat3912: Peppy Hare:   DO A BARREL ROLL!
  11. @chibi4069: I’m so excited to start attaining my PPL training! I’m 34 single gal and well, this has been one of my dreams but the opportunity presented itself and I’m taking it 😊
  12. @jetnyre: Just starting my training. This video is terrific. Thank you.
  13. @monparavion8030: Hi can you suggest a flight school in  Florida, I am in Sarasota Fl thanks
  14. @mattthomford4462b: I have always been interested in obtaining my private pilots license, I live in the U.S.  Can anyone give me an estimate on the average cost to attend a school to complete the stages described in the video?  TY
  15. @josephbarker91: I started down this road last week because somebody told me that I could build an ultralight and fly it around with no license. Now I'm thinking that I want to build a light sport plane and get my license for that instead.
  16. @liangxuanwang6392: how far and how long will be for the solo exam?
  17. @ramses7433: am 30yo this year, is it too late to be a pilot and peruse a career as a pilot? are jobs available for commercial flight pilots?
  18. @MerleTrisch: To bad there's not a learner's permit for pilots
  19. @xckjyt: Can I do my ground school fully online?
  20. @RandyMorales-j9e: Berge Via

- Why Every Student Pilot NEEDS To Watch This Right Now!: Kind: captions Language: en if you're a student pilot that's feeling discouraged or overwhelmed or if you're even starting to question if flying is even for you then I need you to stop right now and you need to watch this video I have felt the crushing weight of self-doubt that you're experiencing right now I remember sitting in the plane wondering if I wasn't good enough in fact I've been an instructor for almost 2 years I've flown over a thousand hours with students and I still wonder that but trust me when I say the way you're feeling right now is not a sign that you're failing in fact it's the opposite it's Pro Pro that you're growing in this video I'm going to share my journey some powerful stories and as well as practical tips that will help you regain your confidence and reignite your passion for flying You Are Not Alone every student pilot struggles I really want to drive this point home every single pilot faces setbacks and frustration you might look around and think that you are the only one that's struggling but I promise you it's just most of us don't broadcast our tough days maybe we think that our friends at the flights were just breezing through this but I guarantee you that they have hit bumps in the road too in fact we as flight instructors are specifically taught how to handle learning plateaus now what is a learning Plateau it's a phase where you feel like your progress has stopped and you're not improving this isn't a sign that you are a bad pilot it's a normal part of the learning process virtually everyone that sticks through it goes on to become a competent pilot I'm going to say that again trly everyone that doesn't give up goes on to become a competent pilot now you may have heard the scary statistic that over 80% of Pilots never get their license it's a super scary number and it's even scarier that it's true so many people give up but why some people stop due to life circumstances or financial issues but many many quit because they get discouraged this often happens when flying stops being as fun or your progress slows down I don't want you to become part of that statistic the fact that you are watching this and taking the time out of your day to improve yourself tells me that you have what it takes to be in the 20% that make it through to get their license often the difference between the people that quit and the people that get their license is often just perseverance it's not about being a natural or having some incredible Talent it's about pushing through the tough moments every pilot struggles but the successful pilot is the one that struggles and keeps going please remind yourself that you are in good company even your Mentor even the pilot that you look up to went through these same exact struggles as you are having right now Flight Training is going to feel like an emotional roller coaster one day you're on cloud n after nailing a maneuver or a landing and the next day you can't replicate it and you feel utterly defeated well what happened well learning any complex skill and flying is a very complex skill the progress is often not linear you don't improve a little bit each time in a nice upward straight line instead you improve in spurts and plateaus think of it like going up a staircase you go up and then you walk on a flat step and then you go on to The Next Step it's much more like climbing a staircase than it is going up a ramp those flat steps are your plateaus where you don't feel like anything's improving it's frustrating I know putting in time money and so much effort so when you don't see progress you start questioning everything but here's something encouraging I promise you that progress is still happening there's a saying that I love progress often feels invisible until it's not in other words you might be improving beneath the surface without even realizing it and then one day it just clicks psychologists actually have a term for this phase it's called the plateau of latent potential where you're quietly building skills until all of a sudden you hit a breakthrough so if you feel like smashing your head against a wall remember with each lesson you are laying the groundwork the improvements might be a subtle smooth control input or a better radio call but they're all accumulating right now think about how far you've come since your first lesson you've likely learned tons even if it doesn't feel like it I want to share a quick personal story with you when I was a student pilot I hit a huge wall when it came to to Landings I felt like I was progressing so fast I learned the Maneuvers I was feeling great and then suddenly we move into Landings and I just couldn't land the plane and I'm not talking about like some of them were good some of them were bad no every single Landing was horrible I'm talking about ballooning bouncing missing the center line you name it I did it wrong I remember driving home from the airport after almost every flight lesson thinking I don't think this is for me I don't know if I'm ever going to get it I was completely stuck in my own head but here's the thing I kept coming back I was frustrated but I loved flying way too much to just walk away and after what felt like endless repetition one day it all just kind of clicked and I got it I'll never forget the flight that I started to get my Landings really down packed and then I soloed shortly thereafter it felt easy almost like my hands knew what to do on their own without me even having to think about it the progress had been building invisibly over all of those hard Landings and finally it showed it itself I'm pretty sure I turned to my instructor and shouted did you see that after I buttered my first landing and we both had a good laugh about it my point is your breakthrough is coming too you just need to keep showing up I want to take a pause here in the middle of the video and I want to just ask you heart tohe heart if you would consider subscribing to the channel I have a goal here of hitting 1 th subscribers and we are so so close so if you enjoy the kinds of videos that I make and you want to see more of me do me a favor hit the Subscribe button and hit the Bell icon thanks I want you to remember why you started whenever you're in a slump it's easy to lose sight of why you began this journey in the first place so let's take a step back and remember why you got into flying in the first place was it the dream of soaring above the clouds the challenge of learning a new skill maybe you've always imagined taking your friends or family up in a plane or maybe you have the ambition of becoming an airline pilot whatever is your personal why you need to hold on to that flying is supposed to be fun and inspiring it's not just supposed to be a grind one of the best remedies for getting burnt out is you need to go and recapture the joys of why you got flying in the first place if every flight lesson has been nothing but Maneuvers and critiques do something to remind yourself of the fun side of flying for example ask your instructor if you can go up for just a nice relaxing flight or invite them to go out for a $100 hamburger that's a super common expression you'll hear the longer you're flying essentially means spending an unnecessary amount of money to go get food at an airport this isn't wasted time at all in fact taking a break from the routine flying and doing something fun like this might be exactly what you need to reignite your motivation when you're cruising to a breakfast place or to a place to get a cheeseburger and taking that relaxing flight you're probably going to look out the window and say something like hey I'm flying an airplane this is pretty freaking cool I love it in that moment you might even realize how far you've actually come in the journey you're tuning the radios you're navigating you're messing with the GPS all of these things that used to completely overwhelm you this low pressure flight can remind you of why you're putting in all of this hard work sometimes a casual pleasure flight is the best thing to do to reawaken your excitement for flying so if you're starting to get burned out give yourself permission to go up and have some fun I mean we all started flying because we thought it was fun in the first place also I want you to consider connecting with the others in the aviation Community talking to other Pilots especially those that remember their days as students this can give you perspective and moral support you'll find that everyone has their War stories about training maybe it's the tale of taking three times to Solo or nearly giving up an instrument training hearing these stories from others can make you feel less isolated you could join a student pilot Facebook group or just chat with other Pilots at your school there's a real comfort in hearing oh yeah I did that too here's how I got past it it reminds you that struggling is part of the process and that you not failing I want to talk about your mindset because the mental game is huge in Flight Training right now you may be flooded with self-doubt thoughts like I'll never get this I'm a terrible pilot or my instructor might think I'm helpless these thoughts might be swirling in your head I've been there and it's not a fun place we often are our worst critic so how do we shift our mindset first you need to be kind to yourself realize that learning to fly is challenging for everyone struggling doesn't mean you're stupid or incapable it means that you're learning try to reframe mistakes as lessons rather than failures every time you mess up you're discovering one way of how not to do it and that means that you are one step closer to figuring out how to do it instead of saying I suck at steep turns just say I haven't gotten it quite yet that one little word yet is a very very powerful word it keeps the door open for improvement and reminds you this is a journey second you need to stop the unhealthy comparison this is your flight training not anybody else's it may take you 50 hours to solo well your buddy only took 20 so what flight training is not a race in fact in fact the national average for getting your private pilot's license is somewhere between 65 and 70 hours most Pilots take more than the 40 hour minimum to get their license I've seen some students take 45 hours I've seen some take 80 or 100 and guess what in the end they all earn the same certificate no one at the airlines or the local pilot Club is going to care how many hours it took for you to get your license if anything I would say pilots who train at a slower steadier Pace often end up more solid in their skills than the pilots that crammed through it rushing through it in minimum time isn't a badge of honor it can actually leave huge gaps in your experience embrace the pace the goal here is to make you a safe and competent pilot not a low time pilot third you need to focus on small wins while you're in a slump it's so easy to fixate on everything that you're doing wrong instead I want you to actively try to look for things that you're doing better this time than you did last time maybe your radio calls were better this week maybe you finally nailed the crosswing correction on takeoff even if the rest of the flight was rough celebrate those small victories maybe even write them down when I was a student I used to have a little notebook that I'd keep in my flight bag where after each flight I jot down what I thought I did well on that flight over time I would be able to look back at the did well list and it would be a huge confident boost it's also helpful to remember that success isn't measured in Maneuvers mastered sometimes it could be confidence improved or fear overcome did you feel a little less nervous in the plane today than he did a month ago that counts as progress finally I want you to visualize where you're headed it might sound a bit fluffy but spend a minute picturing yourself as a fully certified pilot imagine how proud that you is with the fact that you didn't give up sure yourself taking your friends up flying on a sunny weekend day or landing at that bucket list airport holding that Vision close to you is going to help you pull through on those hard days because you know what you're working towards every frustrating lesson is a step towards you becoming that confident pilot that you're picturing now that we've talked about why and how to shift your mind Mind Set Let's get into some more practical tips these are all things that I've picked up from my personal experience as well as instructing tons of other students you could try one of them you could try all of them the idea is to shake things up and try to tackle this slump head on number one I want you to talk to your instructor openly have an honest heart-to-heart conversation with your CFI about how you're feeling and why you're feeling this way good instructors care about your progress and your morale not just the syllabus let them know hey man I've been feeling pretty discouraged with my Landings lately or whatever the issue may be a great instructor is going to work with you to readjust your game plan for instance they might take a step back and have you work on the fundamentals for a little bit or they might just try explaining things in a different way also ask for specific feedback during your debrief request concrete pointers on what to improve on if the debriefs feel like they've been too short or too vague speak up and ask them to be a little bit more thorough with you I mean that's what you're paying them for right sometimes just having a clear action item like bringing your eyes up to the end of the runway when you're flaring or maybe bringing your flaps down just a second earlier can give you a sense of direction and control it's going to ease the frustration remember your instructor is on your team they've probably seen a ton of students struggle with exactly the same things that you are struggling with right now together you two can come up with a plan to fix it number two is break it down into bite-sized goals when you're stuck on a big skill break it into smaller pieces this is a classic technique if Landing the plane feels overwhelming each lap focus on one specific aspect of the pattern maybe one lap focus on your approach speed one lap practice leveling off at your altitude by isolating those subskills you can start to see improvements in those small areas this is going to eventually add up to you mastering the entire thing tell your instructor that you'd like to practice in a stepbystep way for example if steep turns are giving you trouble first practice holding altitude and gentle turns then gradually increase the bank as you get more and more comfortable build into it each little Victory builds confidence for the next step slow and steady wins the race don't try to tackle the entire maneuver perfectly the first time break it down step by step number three is change the scenery or routine Sometimes the best way to jolt yourself out of a rut is to do something different our brains love novelty if you've been grinding away at the same airport every time ask your instructor if you guys can fly over to a different airport for this flight a simple change in scenery can make flying fun again this might even also present a different learning opportunity new runways different airspace Etc if radio communications are stressing you out maybe try a lesson at an unted airport to usually train bright and early in the morning maybe try an afternoon flight the point is to break the monotony and remind yourself that flying isn't just repeating one maneuver or one thing over and over and over again it's about experiencing new things I've taken students that were sick of touch and goes out on a cross country and the result is when they get back to the pattern they feel refreshed they're often performing better because their mindset has shifted away way onto something else so don't hesitate to tell your instructor that you need to change it up it's absolutely a valid part to do a fun flight or just change it up in any way tip number four is fly with a different instructor this one can be intimidating but it works wonder if you're hitting a plateau consider flying with a different instructor for a lesson or two each instructor has their own style and perspective on things a different instructor might explain something just a tiny bit different and that might be enough to make it click in your brain this isn't about replacing your current instructor unless you think that they're just overall a good fit but that's a different topic it's about getting a fresh set of eyes on your flying as an instructor myself I encourage my students to fly with other instructors all the time I don't take it personally at all in fact good instructors know that they probably can't cover everything perfectly with every student and often you want those other perspectives from other instructors you might feel a little bit nervous when you're flying with somebody new that's totally normal but often that little shakeup in your routine is what forces you to grow I've seen students have breakthrough throughs on flights with other instructors or students who belong to other instructors come and fly with me all because I said something just a tiny bit different even the act of adapting to a slightly different communication style in the airplane is going to make you a more versatile pilot so if you're comfortable with it give it a try you focus it on like hey Mr instructor I'd like to go fly with this other instructor just for a lesson to get a different perspective on my Landings is that okay with you nine times out of 10 they're going to support it the goal here is your progress so whatever helps helps tip number five and you need to be careful with this one but it's take a short break if you need it I'm not giving you an excuse to procrastinate indefinitely sometimes a brief step away can reset your mindset if you've been flying super frequently and it's starting to turn into a source of dread consider taking a week or two offline use that time to rest and recharge and study sometimes a little mental break can help your brain consolidate skills when you come back you might just find out that things make more sense for example if you've flown for 5 days in a row and you feels like it's getting worse each day take the weekend off don't even look at airplanes for a couple days don't even think about airplanes for a couple of days after that you're going to come back fresh often the next lesson after a short keyword short break often ends up being surprisingly good this is because you're not as mentally fatigued the caveat here is to you can't let this short break turn into you quitting Mark a datea on your calendar that you're going to get back into it during your break you can still stay engaged at home by chair flying watching some inspirational Aviation videos or reading about flying keep the passion alive without the performance pressure for a little bit this is just a strategic pause it's not a full stop tip number six reevaluate your schedule and habit sometimes external pressures can amplify your feeling of being stuck are you flying often enough to retain what you've been learning or your lessons too far apart like let's say one flight every 3 to four week you might feel like one step forward two steps back each time if possible try to fly more often even if that means slightly shorter flights or finding more money in your budget consistency really really helps momentum on the flip side if you're flying every day and then studying till midnight you might burn yourself out balance is the key here also check in on stress outside of flying is school going okay is work going okay is stuff at home okay this stuff can absolutely bleed into your performance in the airplane if life stress is high you need to acknowledge that it's harder to focus and be kind to yourself maybe try to schedule your lessons at a time of day where you're the most alert or do a quick breathing exercise in your car before you go into the airport to kind of reset yourself basically you need to set yourself up for Success before each flight by managing the things outside of the airplane I want to close here with some encouragement to you this tough phase that you are in it will pass I know it often feels endless when you're in the middle of it but one day maybe sooner than you think you're going to look back on it and think about how far you've come next flight where things really start to click is right around the corner progress often feels invisible until it isn't so suddenly you'll have the Breakthrough moment where it all comes together and you'll wonder why you've ever doubted yourself in the first place remember every pilot that you admire has been in your shoes and been where you are before they felt the frustration the self-doubt the temptation to quit but they kept going and that's the reason why they're Pilots now you are on the same hero's journey the obstacles that you are facing now are shaping you into becoming a safer better pilot it's teaching you patience resilience and problem solving and all of these are qualities that you want in a pilot and when you do over come this hurdle you can carry the confidence of it with you forever so keep showing up and keep chipping away at those learning plateaus knowing that you will overcome them if one strategy doesn't work try another lean on your love for flying let it pull you through the hard days and remember whenever that inner critic tries to bring you down remember where you started and where you're at now one day in the not too distant future you'll be the one telling the next generation of student Pilots that you remember being in their shoes stick through it and I promise you it is all worth it if you enjoyed this video do me a favor hit the like button and consider subscribing and I'll see you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeremy7383 [10 likes]: It's not the flying, it's the studying that's crushing me 😅
  2. @EmilyTienne [3 likes]: We are our own worst critic:  truer words never spoken.  You’d be a great motivational speaker (apart from aviation), but we’re glad you’re doing this for aviation’s sake.  I remember my CFI calling me at 7 AM when I was still in bed: let’s go, I promise you, landings will eventually just click.  They did click.  But first, there was a period of discouragement.
  3. @aliciamelendez9723 [2 likes]: Watching these videos keeps me engaged to my goals, if not for me, than for my grandkids in e future.
  4. @xi02dhrutichhayani53 [1 likes]: Struggling to get solo.i am at 50 hrs. Flaring is a thing for me.
  5. @Altariel_Telemnar [1 likes]: I’ve been feeling really burnt out, I have over 30 hours and I still haven’t solo’ed. I really have considered quitting many times but I’m still sticking with it.
  6. @topofthegreen [1 likes]: I so agree on the slow and steady pace, learning the nuances that you can’t learn at the ATP pilot mill.
  7. @aliciamelendez9723 [1 likes]: Ty Pilot @Hayden Teteack 😊
  8. @MusicAvlover: Thank you so much for this vid! I am in such despair right now and I am only 6 hours in. My maneuvers are great, but I cannot do landings.
  9. @prnc359: I struggled since day one. And I'm still struggling to the point where it seems like even the instructors have given up on me
  10. @apennameandthata2017: I am a triumph of work over talent,
  11. @thepenmen22: At around 15 hours right now, feeling stupid. Pattern work is tough. Hopefully in 2-3 months I come back screaming I'm a pilot and continue to commercial training.
  12. @a1televisiononline: I really needed this…I feel sooo much better…THANK YOU!!!!
  13. @ElMenorLatino: I definitely subscribed. I have been benching your videos as I plan to start flight school this year. Fingers crossed 🤞
  14. @ashgrooves4472: THANK YOU SOO MUCH BRO I FELT THIS WAS VERY CHANGING
CHALLENGING GOT CHANGED THE INSTRUCTOR AND LITERAL LITERALLY EVERYONE GAVE UP ON ME EXCEPT JESUS BUT NO MATTER EVEN AN GOING TO DIE I WILL DIE WITH MY STRIPES AFTER EARNING IT
  15. @chibi4069: Wow thank you so specially the part about where you say that learning is not linear and progress being invisible. It’s not always noticeable but there was a point where even though I love flying I almost started to have dread having to go back into the cockpit and mess up on my landings…. but as long as I make some progress I won’t give up. I took a break for about two months and I was itching to get back into it 😊 now I’m doing as many flights as I can in a work week without burning out
  16. @joshuaennis1502: Man so i went on my second flight, our flight lesson 3, we did under the hood, power on and power off stalls to full break. Idk what it is but my power on stalls every time we drop our right wing. we were up in 10 G18 winds idk if that played a factor. But My instructor was overall very happy with my results, i got better each time we practiced it i passed the lesson i just feel like if i was in the situation on my own and my wing dropped i wouldn't be able to fix it. Another thing adding on the pressure is we are flying sr20s which aren't rated for spins. If i get us in a spin practicing,  we would have to pull CAPS. but idk how i can practice in-between flights.or try and get better. The simulator we have is unrealistic atleast with stalls
  17. @victorholanda2302: Excellent video.  Something I needed to reenergize and motivate me to go online and make the next lesson reservation.  Have lost a tremendous amount of confidence and motivation until I watched this video.  The "mistakes" you admitted to making made me rethink my approach to flight training. I really appreciate your presentation and common-sense approach demeanor. Thanks.
  18. @AbdirahimMudaa: THANK YOU MAN
  19. @venyabale: Loving this!  250+ hr, struggling Helicopter CFII candidate here.  Gotta hang in there and trust the process!  Thanks for sharing this Hayden.  FWIW, it took me 70+ hours to get my private license, and while I haven't failed a check ride yet (I usually would fail the stage check right before the check ride at my part 141 school), every single one felt like I had failed until I was told I passed back on the ground.  😅
  20. @drm-qg2fr: Good advice for any endeavor!

- Inside the Life of an Airline Pilot: Insights and Tips for Future Pilots | Pilots Say What? | Ep. 21: Kind: captions Language: en pilot say what what do you mean why am I here exactly pilot say what thank you for uh joining us on the 21st episode where we hear what pilots have to say today we do have a special guest Captain Philip Stromer um I'm really excited to be talking to you today but if this is your first time or you're joining again my name is Zachary I am typically the host here and um yeah we'll let you kind of just get straight into it um maybe maybe tell us a little bit about who you are and what you do well I'm a captain for American Airlines I've been there for 23 years and uh coming up on retirement soon yeah so I thought I'd come back and give my knowledge out to all those who are going to follow footsteps into the airlin so yeah well you've joined us on a couple of ZTA days and yes and they were great yes I feel like I enjoyed you having you there just from hearing you speak we didn't really get to talk much but uh now I'm glad that you are here joining us on the podcast if like yes well thank you for inviting me yeah did you know that you were actually our first airline pilot that we were having I did not know is that going to be reflected in the fee it might be we can work that out with your agent uh um but so that's why I'm really excited to have you we've had a lot of instructors and students and I feel like um everyone's probably pretty ready to hear a little bit more insight from someone who's who's living the dream okay let's start with this um how's your day going so far I mean what's your week look like so far my week looks great I just finished a 3-day trip yesterday and uh it was Sensational had a great crew yeah um went to western Florida it was awesome took a walk on the beach yeah at egland Air Force Base and yeah had great flight attendance great first officer good trip yeah well I'm going to dive a lot into that here in a little bit because I I want to know kind of what what the day looks like sometimes when you're going out there but before we do that maybe maybe I ask you a question or two about uh how long you've been you've been flying with the Airlines and um and then maybe even where you started okay yeah I've been with American for 23 years MH and before before that I was with an airline uh based out of Las Vegas that went bankrupt after 911 okay so that took a while to find a job after that time yeah but I was able to do that and I came from a corporate background flew corporate Jets uh for many years flew a lot of really fun cool people and some not so fun yeah but I did start out in general aviation and as a flight instructor and started from the very bottom and worked my way up so that's nice it just takes a lot of determination yeah I feel I feel like that'll be very relatable to I mean I've uh talked to a lot of instructors and students and a lot of them didn't even know they've never even been in a plane before they come to the school sometimes y yet they're going to enter the workforce the same way um did you do anything before being a pilot uh I was a civil engineer I went to school for civil engineering and did that for about three years oh that's cool and um started an engineering firm in the Bay Area San Francisco Bay area and you know after four or five years of that I I realize I do not want to do this so I had started flying when I was 15 years old in Northern California I'm from Northern California and I used to get up every morning at 4 in the morning and ride my bike down to the airport and I would go up with a flight instructor who had a contract with the state to read temperatures every th fet so I rode along with him and I started flying when the summer ended that stopped so in my brain I had had access and exposure to Aviation but life went on right 15-year-old High School all that stuff I got into engineering but it was always in the back of my mind that I just can't sit at a desk for the rest of my life and that's what I was wondering yeah and that's what happened and that's when I started to really go after it I was late in life too I was 24 25 years old okay and then and that's why I wanted to ask because that's very relatable I I wonder um did in the back of your mind you know like you said there was always that voice that said I don't really want to sit at the desk for the rest of my life was that was that from the beginning of you starting the the job that was the beginning yeah yeah cuz I always wanted to be an airlin pilot who knew how to become an airline pilot you had to be military right or really brainy or a rocket scientist nobody knows about the airline industry exactly yeah it's a secret it's weird how unattainable it seems and how attainable it is and like the the contrast between the truth is kind of crazy still now even um you think that why I'm here yeah you think that with social media and everything everyone would know it's like well that's just one of the common options no still seems very not common knowledge that you can just become an airline if like to of course it takes hard work it does yeah um did you go to a uh flight school anything like it was a local FBO in Nado California very small school and the students were you know people who had money that wanted to learn how to fly Housewives and you know older people and then um you know but they had a whole program there yeah so I got my instrument there commercial CFI and then they hired me awesome yeah so they liked me enough to hire me and I instructed for about a year okay well that's that's good to know I wanted to kind of hear about how you got into it and how it started and where your brain was because uh the majority of people I've talked to uh share that sentiment so hopefully when someone's listening and it's really important when you're a flight instructor to learn to network with people because that flight instructor job is going to take you to another job and you've got to be really personable and you've got to work with people and and that's what happened at that little airport so those people that I taught started buying airplanes and then they wanted me to go fly with them to feel safer right so then that's how got into a Bonanza and that's how I got into twin engine stuff it was just from that flight instructor job yeah so that was that was the kindling that was the beginning of it and they they needed someone to sit in the other seat right and that's how it started that's really cool meeting people in the community uh talking to people does that play a large role in your job it it does it's a quality and it's a skill but you have to learn the skill how to be outgoing and some people aren't outgoing I'm not always outgoing but we're all in our little bubbles especially with cell phones today and computer Compu and all that stuff we just want to get in there and put our blanket around ourselves and you know look into a screen but you have to attain that skill you have to be outgoing you have to network you have to ask people how their day is you have to smile right because sometimes a smile when you're smiling somebody and they smile back it makes their day right so you have to be that and then once you learn that skill it actually becomes a quality and it's very important in this business I I like you got to like people and you've got to be able to interact yeah that I like the way you put that that that quality uh it becomes becomes a quality the skill becomes a quality um and a lot of people do have to learn how to interact and even you know I've always been very social growing up uh and and didn't have yeah so I've always kind of been that way but in the recent years the older I get the less natural it becomes and and I've had I've come across certain situations where I've actually had to maybe put a little more effort into the skill itself of being social and and talking to people and remembering that smiling back at people makes a difference like you said I've gotten so my phone uh recently I've started leaving my phone in my bag uh and so that I don't actually just have it in my pocket yes yes and so that way I'm a little less inclined to just do that all the time anyways when I see people I'm trying to make sure I make small talk sometimes and and you know we have so many when you're at an airline you interact with so many people gate agents passengers fuelers rampers mechanics Pilots fight attendants uh aircraft cleaners you know smile at them right and ask them how their day is going and and you know when an airline pilot does that and they're in a uniform and and they recognize them and they they the smile on their face is just fantastic it's like well thank you for asking Captain it's really cool so make everybody's day yeah yeah I like the term if you're blessed be a blessing right I like that yeah that's good I haven't heard that yeah I want to move on to the the question where it's like what does it kind of look like to uh arrive at the airport and go on a trip I mean what does your typical day look like I know it's usually a couple days in a row so yeah yeah well it's the drive to the airport to the employee parking lot and then the employee bus to whatever terminal you're going to fly out of A B C or D and usually by the time you get to Terminal D they've changed your gate and now you have to go to terminal a right they catch on a flight yeah so we get there typically an hour before uh departure time and we all hang out there at the gate and the gate agent is there and we run our IDs and they verify that we're who we say we are but you're getting to know everyone too cuz you never fly with the same pilot 15,000 Pilots right so 99% of the time it's somebody I've never met and flight attendants I've never seen yeah so hi I'm Philip hi I'm Sam hi I'm Shirley right so you're introducing yourself right there we don't even know each other and and all the passengers are like okay well there's there's the crew yeah well the crew they don't even know each other but what's cool about the airlines is that because we have procedures and standing standard operating procedures even though we don't know each other and even though I've never flown with this person it all comes together because we all do the same thing over and over and over and over again yeah and so it's just like a glove that fits every time so you get on the airplane and um you know you start going through your flows so in the airlines we have flows we don't have checklists we have checklists to make sure all the big stuff is done yeah but the captain has theirs and the first officer has theirs so I get in my seat and I would start here and I end in here so I just go down the panel and then cross here there checking this and that and then I end up over here yeah okay and they do the same thing but different for regarding what they do right so when we do the before start checklist it's just it's like five items b b b b b done okay so that's how that's how checklists are done in the airlines so it's all flow yeah so yeah we get in there and uh we run through that and and then uh you know passengers board I try to greet as many passengers as I can uh and flight attendants you know hey do you need a trash bag do you need water do you need you know all stuff we always want exactly you know tissues whatever so um things just kind of Click along like that yeah and before you know it the ramper downstairs who has the tug connected to the airplane is on headsets and uh they'll call Flight Deck to ground yeah ground Flight Deck okay hey we're ready down here all the hatches are closed we've done our walk around you guys good yeah we're good then the flight attendant comes up and says um you know we cleared clothes cleared clothes yeah right and then they call for push the first officer calls for a push okay and then um I talk to him breaks released clear the push and we push back right and it's like that at every airport okay it's the same thing all the time even even with different Crews everyone knows that's the way it goes just how just like lockwork it's like a script it's funny because I didn't know that a large portion of being a pilot would look like not being around people you know uh you know like you said from showing up to the airport and being on The Bu and talking to the rampers that's why you have to learn to interact with people that's our previous discussion exactly and that's why I wanted to come kind of circle back just for a second to it because I think that's really um I wonder how many Pilots realize that that's what I'm wondering Pilots at the school yes Pilots at the school people in training things like that nobody knows that that's one of this Secret Squirrel stuff about the airlines we were talking about people don't know these things yeah yeah I would I mean I just wouldn't have guessed that cuz that's your day-to-day life people think about when you go day-to-day day-to-day Life as a as an accountant might look like you know going to your cubicle and working and talking to your manager right as a barista you're you know you have to talk to people every day right as a pilot I'm wondering what people assume your day-to-day would look like yeah you're flying a plane but you're talking that's the easy part yeah that's the easy part almost right yes yes yeah so you have to kind of not only be good at it but you kind of have to find um Solace and acceptance and and knowing that that's what your day is going to look like you kind of have to find a way to enjoy that or else you're not going to enjoy absolutely yeah yeah you can enjoy flying planes but not enjoy being a pilot if exactly right and and that that is the difference between happy pilots and sometimes not happy Pilots they love flying the plane they can't wait take off and land right but it's all that other stuff in there they don't like but unfortunately all that other stuff represents 80% of what you have to do every day yeah so if you're not good at that you're not going to dig the job yeah it's more of an attitude sort of thing uh oh well anyways I wanted to Circle back to that because I did I did find that an interesting realization for myself so you're you y' done everything you need to do you've gone through your flows um and is it time for takeoff yeah so during taxi we have some more flows we have to do the first officer has flows they have to do and once that's done then I call for a before takeoff checklist that's has six items Zip Zip Zip Zip Zip done right it's all rehearse you you you say it every day four or five times a day and then um yeah we we go up to the runway hold short and follow the directions from the tower and they clear us for takeoff and you know my flow going on to the runway is Turn All the Lights On and ding the um fast and seat belt sign twice that tells the flight attendants we're ready to go going to take off and we take off and now that's the easy part yeah and do out of all of that what's your favorite part so far um taxing I think is fine because it can be tough as a captain to taxi captain always taxies there's tillers on both sides but the captain will taxi and at airports that are unfamiliar to me or at night mhm I really need backup from the fo to make sure I'm turning on the right taxi way okay right cuz we all mess up I mean how do you navigate something brand new like that so that is actually more challenging than taking off in weather that's easy right I'm in my element then right okay that makes sense and do you still enjoy the takeoff is that not one of those I do I do I do but it's kind of an underlying anxiety because it's like okay so are we going to lose an engine you know there's V1 V V2 right so if the engine fails before V1 speed you have to abort yeah okay there's enough Runway left to stop after V1 you have to take it into the air which is usually more safe but that's always running through my mind okay we're coming up to that speed coming up okay we're past that speed if I lose the engine okay what am I going to do so you get past that critical time yes and then and once you're climbing it's good but that's kind of a critical time in Flight okay that's what I was and it's kind of low gr low grade anxiety I know what you mean like it's there it's impending it's like kind of like for me even just as a as a um I'm not very nervous about flying but even me it's always the landing of course as a as a passenger it's like uh like I trust that it's probably fine but I do know that this is a critical point right and I think about that sometimes um but it's because you're aware I to me I'd almost be a little more concerned if you weren't like that in tune with what's especially um you know slippery runways or or runways with snow and there's an action I have to take if the fo you know fo if it's his leg or her leg mhm they're flying right but I have to take control of the airplane and now I've got to stop this airplane on a slippery runway yeah and it's night yeah right and it's plowed here but it's not over there so it's just that kind of stuff but once you're in the air it's like yeah I totally get that I think that's just a sign of somebody who still really cares about what they're doing self-preservation too yeah well exactly are we going to make it safely passengers will say and was like if I make it safely you're going to make it saf you're on the same plane they are you're not putting you're not at any uh risk that you're not so um okay so I mean you're in the plane you're going through the flights I mean maybe we don't go through every detail but um and of course there's there might be something you want to highlight but what you're flying you land and you you arrive in at your uh designation yeah let's so let's say you know Dallas to Chicago right and so Chicago is always a mess yeah it's crowded there's it's big there's all kinds of Taxi ways yeah right and and the controllers are very angry they're always angry you know that's it's like their inflection you know when you hear when you hear them talk and their inflections in their their voices and directions you can just picture the face they're just angry yeah they just sound because they're tired and and it's a really busy airport when somebody doesn't repeat back the in taxi instructions they get angry yeah you know because they because they need confirmation that you heard it kind of thing yeah I I've heard okay just everybody stop okay over the control United 12:15 turn left on Lima Lima right on Papa left on Delta and if they don't repeat it exactly back that way they're like okay then they uh that's inside is there do you do you feel like so that's the hard part so Landing even in a snowstorm okay I know the airplane I've been on the Airbus for 22 years uhuh right Landing the airplane is the easy part it's the taxi to the gate at Chicago exactly and how does someone get good at that over time is repetition yeah Cycles reps right when first did it was it difficult I mean more difficult I mean yes uh do what what do you help and so as a first officer you do all the radio work on the ground okay so a brand new first officer who's let's say is new to the airlines that's what I'm wondering yeah it's it's a big deal yeah right A lot of them come from the commuters and they go in and out of Chicago all the time but we have people that have corporate backgrounds right and they're not used to going into Chicago or JFK or Miami Miami is another mess you know and so they have to do all the Talking I have to listen and write down the instructions and do yeah right and so by the time you get to the gate you're exhausted it's like okay but now I have two more legs now I got to go to Miami right and the whole thing starts over again and then after Miami I'm going to go to JFK and overnight in JFK and so by the time you get to the hotel you're done yeah because because I feel like navigate like you're saying navigating the taxi ways whether it's leaving or arriving big deal yeah I can imagine do you typically have three in one day yes two to three and then some days four mhm right yeah but that all depends on seniority yeah so the more senior you are the better trips you get yeah you can get one leg days right you can get a a turn Dallas Vegas and back you're done you know or you can bid two day trips when you're senior enough or three-day trips when you're not senior they're four- day trips and there's a lot of legs so seniority is everything and the students at this school need to realize that as soon as they get out of here get some experience get to the airline as quickly as you can to get that number because by the time you're 40 you're going to want or 50 you're going to want some good trips yeah you don't want to do four legs a day yeah right and people don't realize that either yeah that what seniority is everything yeah when we've heard that a couple times and it sounds like um now we have Cadet program we partner with a couple of the airlines I don't know I don't have all the details but I do know that you can get in you can get a Senor seniority number before you even go through an interview is awesome I mean it sounds like it can give you a real nice leg up when you just first enter see they didn't have that when I started yeah so you're just on your own yeah right so get in on those Cadet programs that we have going on whether whever school you're at I think that there's ways to get into Cadet programs you just start talking to Airlines as early as possible familiarize yourself that's what it sounds like it's exactly right um so the first officers maybe the brand new first officers have to do a lot of this communicating um now I don't know how much the difference is from when you started to now right but I'm C curious about if you can recognize any ways that someone could uh prepare or help themselves adapt to that difficulty when they first start I do uh uh ATC live online you can listen to uh radio chatter oh okay okay uh at whatever airport you want you can tune in to Chicago approach arrival a ground Tower listen to as much of that as you can and so it just becomes second nature because it's all about expecting what you're going to hear mhm right you always hear the same thing over and over and over again so if you if you're expecting to get the kind of instructions you're going to get because you've listened to it so much y you're not so you're not so um you know stirred up by the quickness and the the the tone the Rhythm because it's very fast when you said that a second ago I wouldn't have been able to repeat that back like not at all and and and of course I'm not a pilot but I'm saying sure if you're not used to it you familiarize yourself yeah it's it's like a instrument clearance right they're all the same they it's the same it's in the same order so these these students on their doing their instrument right now yeah they're getting used to okay when I get my instrument clearance it's going to be cleared to okay the route the altitude right the frequency so that part what's the squ right oh okay gotcha and so same thing with ATC you're expecting to get a Crossing altitude and you you know what to say so so across airports it's the same um those sorts of things are the same the way that you have to communicate right now what are the what are the variables I mean is it the name of the taxi ways and which which Runway you're on that kind of thing well it's interesting you say that because everything should be the same way all the time but there's tribal differences naturally okay yeah so in Atlanta they call you know D taxiway Delta Dixie okay okay so every airport has its own little thing mhm like New Orleans yeah it's they're going to say things different yeah yeah yeah conquered you know instead of conquered conquered yeah so there's there's the accents to are kind of Co Mexico City that's a mess oh really it does it still you got everybody from all over the world flying into Mexico City trying to it's high 8,000 feet terrain at night all these different dialects you really have to be on your game there I bit away from mexic City I want to I want to go to Mexico City still just one time at least lot of history there yeah yeah there's a lot of history U well okay so but listening to like you said ATC life you can listen to radio chat or buy a scanner buy a scanner you know I bought my son a scanner and it's just on in the living room and it's scanning here Addison Tower you can do that I didn't know you do yeah just listen to it yeah and listen to Fort wor Center listen how they talk to pilots and how Pilots talk back really important I feel like that would just make a big difference personally myself uh when I started new jobs uh the harder part was just understanding the way that people need to be uh spoken to or the way things are typically said to be understood like I understand that everything has its own dialect or lingo or things you need to understand there's a word for it jargon something like that code code I guess but um point is is you want to be able to communicate the way people do in the industry and that's always was the thing that made me the most nervous when starting something so I asked that for my for people like me right and I was nervous when I did a couple ZT cuz I'm I'm from an airline background now I haven't been involved with general aviation in 25 years right it's like can I still talk to this type of Aviation yeah and coming from it I can but I understand what you're saying completely yeah and and it's funny because I'm I'm still breaking down those like subgroups within the industry there's a lot of them yeah and that's what I'm starting to learn after talking to people and I find that very interesting I do know that a lot of the students do like the idea of we've had maybe two different um airline pilots actually speak at ZTA day and you're just you're one of them uh so I see though that they really like the airline talk uh they like to because a lot of them are planning on going to Airlines um are there what are some of the most rewarding things about your job is what I wanted to know and that that'll be like maybe one of two questions yeah I um I think getting PE getting people to their destination safely yeah you know no incidents no violations you know no accidents obviously yeah but you know people fly for a wide variety of reasons they do right graduations birthday parties somebody had a stroke someone's in the hospital funerals weddings and it's so diverse but to be able to get them to where they need to go and then greet them off the airplane like you know and and everyone's still really respectful and thankful so I think you know flying Souls safely is really cool but once in a while you know like last year I had this I was flying to uh Orlando from Phoenix and this family was on vacation and they get off the airplane and she hands me this beautiful drawing of an American Airline plane you know it's dark outside the windows our windows are painted are color yellow uhuh and she said you know thank you so much for flying us safely and staying up all night and getting us you know it was just beautiful like drawing from this 9-year-old girl oh wow I actually fr it right so it's those kind of things that were rewarding for you to say that you enjoy the fact that you got someone to their destination safely for whatever reason they're flying right uh I I don't know I mean it's just I think that's part of the being in tune keeping your head up and talking to people kind of energy yeah um and and giving back to society right so the job I love I'm actually providing a service yes that's getting you there safely yeah you're making impact it's pretty cool yeah yeah kind of cool cuz sometimes you can work at a job and be like yeah I'm helping this company perform their function sure but I'm just like it's easy to feel like a cog I'm affecting no change yeah I don't feel impactful you know I yeah it doesn't seem like you that's not something you're going to really feel like right in your in your role okay well you already answered the second question I mean uh but I'm curious is there what's one of the most uh memorable flights uh or flight experiences you've had well before I got on uh after 911 I flew a BBJ which is a a business version of a 737 for a company out of Van eyes M so um Ben afflac had just finished filming Pearl Harbor oh wow so I was flying him and some other people and so he actually came up into the fight deck over the Atlantic we're taking them to Paris and had a really cool discussion about you know what he went through to make that movie and he actually knew a lot about air speed and stalls and this and that but I'm like I'm sitting there like I'm talking to this guy like it's been afflac it's awesome you know that doesn't happen but my corporate days I got to by a lot of really cool people yeah and and very special the change from corporate to the airlines big big difference yeah big difference big cultural difference was was there something that really pushed you to do that well I always want to be an airline pilot want to be yeah I always picture that because in my mind you know when I was young we'd go to the airport and just watch the airline pilots and Crews yeah right so my my dad was in World War II he flew the hump c47s over the Himalayas so Aviation was always in my life but to see those airlin pilots and and fight tenants with their roller bags they didn't have roller bags back then we were actually allowed at the airport we we could get through security you didn't have to fly yeah so we you know I wanted to be that yeah that was the image in my mind so so you just wanted to go ahead and at least check that box and do it here you are yeah that's really cool okay and then um you know we have a lot of uh a lot of our students watch the podcast or listen to the podcast whatever platform they're using uh but there's we have people from all over the country I mean we look at the map all the time yeah and we have a little red dot that pops up and and overseas and stuff so it's really cool but um a lot of people are in training or maybe just fellow Pilots I'm curious about for the people who are new um maybe there's some insights you can give or tips and advice and I I do have some questions here that maybe would help you do that okay what qualities or skills do you think are essential for success in this field well you kind of answered that right well I and I think one that I left out is organization skill is being you have to learn to be organized and that's a skill which becomes a quality okay but how your day starts and we already talked about this is everything but your day can't start right unless you are put together in life everything has a place to go that includes personal life and all of that so try to live a really well organized life with your relationships with your house with your car all that stuff try to keep it together that's very important and I think being responsible well what does responsible mean well responsible means that I need to wake up and want to interact with people yeah I want to do a good job for my company and I want to fly safely right that's being responsible yeah and I think learning situational awareness is really really important and what like an example you need to know what what needs what's going on what could present a problem to me right now right you know if if you don't know what's going sideways until it's sideways it's too late you need to have your radar going right all the time and I think division of attention skills are really important be able to do two or three things at the same time but prioritize which needs to be done now right because you know there's a lot of that in aviation and the students are learning that now yeah right instrument Pilots are learning that now do a littleit of this first and then do this and don't try to do all of this at once I compartmental do this look do it again look right oh wow it's learning that skill another one we had that I might have sent you it was um what do you what do you do to stay current with the latest Technologies and regulations in aviation okay this is easy for an airline pilot because all the regulations that are changed are are sent to the company so then American Airline pipelines it out to all of us okay through our various apps and we're like so apt out at this Airline we have so many apps for everything but they feed that information to us so I don't really have to keep up on regulation anymore MH right my company will tell me yeah anything that's relevant to you okay that makes sense okay well I appreciate you for giving us the Insight um I mean we've we've talked about all kinds of different things uh I think I'd like to have you back at some point I think I have even more ideas on what to talk about at this point okay good yeah I can blossom out from there yeah that'd be nice to kind of add on a little bit and and then now that we have a little repertoire that we would be able to figure out more places to go with yeah and I'll start thinking when I'm doing my trips what might be interesting that people may want to know yeah and we can and we can even talk about some of that stuff ahead of time so uh but I do appreciate you for for joining us um I hope that anyone who's still listening or watching enjoyed this if you are still listening I'm sure you did um and then on that note if you have any questions for us leave it in the comments like subscribe if you have any questions for thrust flight of course go to thrust flight.com we have all the information you need otherwise we'll see youall next week on the next episode of pilot say what thank you for joining us thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sknapps92 [61 likes]: “If you’re blessed, be a blessing “ damn, I needed that. Great interview!
  2. @flowbrandz316 [5 likes]: "Late in life" 😅
  3. @RheeForThree [5 likes]: Loved this interview, I’m literally in the same exact boat as Philip. 25 y/o as an Aerospace Engineer in the DoD and I already know I can’t work at a desk for the rest of my life. Started flight school a month ago, but this definitely motivated even more thanks! Tired of seeing planes at work everyday, I just want to fly them🙃
  4. @shmoney9503 [3 likes]: This was one of the better podcast with an airline pilot that I’ve seen. Do more please!!
  5. @Vele1267 [1 likes]: Especially given the pay now, one of the easiest jobs on the planet.... Flying is not that hard nor stressful.  Some airline pilots who aren't that smart and have an ego love acting like it's a stressful job and it requires so much schooling.... It doesn't.  You don't need a degree and you can get your ratings in 6 months..... Flight instruct for a couple of years and you're a big bad airline pilot
  6. @davdavdavzz [1 likes]: Hello everyone my name is David and my dream is to become an airline pilot 
I know that it is expensive as a study but I would like some advice or tips to help me achieve it
  7. @Joe-x6w1k: Good interview but the host talked too much
  8. @Muhd_bandeeyah: Do aviation schools offer scholarship for people with funds issues
  9. @ibrahimAbubaker-o5c: THIS IS THE BEST JOB IN THE WORLD BE PATIENT AND IT WILL HAPPEN
  10. @Justicemunroe: What?
  11. @AkonDesignStudio: You f*ckd up the whole interview bro yo aren't interviewing yourself.
  12. @Caltx48i: 11:45
  13. @mi7sn-377: great pilot
  14. @Mr.Dani.M: Thanks for sharing this interview 🙏🏻
  15. @edilfirdelacruz7217: Most pilots start their careers 30+ years, 25 it’s a great age to start as of me that’s my age🫶
  16. @ujjwalendubar467: ❤ Mr. Pilot's .. Pen
  17. @alampaica2056: Hi, is there a part 2 for this interview?
I love the interview.
  18. @janessa.takingoff: Really enjoyed this episode. First one I listened to from you and a good one! Thanks
  19. @kevinmaestroful: Host talks too much
  20. @jacksonfondren1656: I'm 42 and this has always been my dream. Army came first and now I'm afraid I may have missed my window. I'm single, have no distractions for school and still have my GI bill. Is this a pipe dream?

- Documentary #02 : Pilots Memorize This Number Before Every Flight? || #aviation  #safety  #airlines: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back, champions of the skies and seekers of the unseen forces that shape flight. Your support powers this journey into the heart of aviation secrets. And today, we're unraveling a mystery that separates mere flying machines from aerodynamic legends. The best liftto drag ratio. You may have heard pilots whisper about glide distances or engineers obsess over efficiency numbers. But what really is this liftto drag ratio? And why does it matter so much that it could mean the difference between soaring glory and a deadly fall? Imagine this, an aircraft slicing through the sky. It battles two invisible forces. Lift, the force that holds it up, and drag, the relentless resistance trying to slow it down. The lift to drag ratio measures just how well that aircraft fights to stay aloft without being dragged back. The higher the number, the more glide distance you get for every drop in altitude. Simple yet critical. Now, here's the twist. The best liftto drag ratio is the point where the aircraft is at its most efficient. Generating the most lift for the least drag. It's the sweet spot of fragile balance. And hitting it means your plane can glide farther, fly smoother, and save precious fuel. So, who nails this balance perfectly? Enter the world of gliders. Those sleek, silent hunters of the sky. Some gliders boast LD ratios exceeding 60, letting them glide for miles without an engine. Picture soaring like a bird for hours on just the faintest whisper of rising air. Pure aerodynamic poetry. But what about the mighty fighter jets? The legendary F-22 Raptor, a stealthy king of the skies, has a best LD ratio of about 9 to 10. Much lower than gliders, but impressive given its speed and agility demands. Fighters sacrifice pure glide efficiency for unmatched maneuverability and power, trading off lift to drag for dominance in battle. Commercial airliners fall somewhere in between with ratios around 15 to 20, designed to cruise efficiently over thousands of miles, balancing passenger comfort and fuel economy. Here's why this matters. When engines fail or fuel runs low, knowing your aircraft's best liftto drag ratio could be the difference between a safe glide to a runway or a fatal plunge. For pilots, it's a secret weapon, a lifesaving number etched deep into their training. So next time you look up at a jet screaming through the clouds, remember behind its roar lies a hidden dance of forces. And the best liftto drag ratio is the silent hero keeping it aloft. Keep your eyes on the skies, heroes, because understanding the invisible forces of flight brings us closer to mastering the ultimate frontier, the freedom of the air.

- 17-Year-Old Student Pilot Successfully Lands Plane After Emergency: Kind: captions Language: en a crippled plane comes in for an emergency landing and a pilot she's a 17 year old kid are you a solo man pilot soldier yeah magita rasca had just taken off on her first solo flight when it happened the control tower radioed Maggie the right main is now missing from the airplane it is falling off the airplane you can hear understandable fear in Maggie's voice affirmative it'll be okay just make a right turn to circle we're going to get some people out to help you'll pay everything will be okay as the seconds tick by Maggie regains her confidence just continue to do the circling like you are you doing a good job okay Maggie's flying instructor John Singleton rushes to the control tower to do what he can Maggie the Talon how you doing okay you're doing a great job flying the airplane doing what you're doing we're going to take our time here we got plenty of time you get plenty of fuel we get plenty of daylight then it's a textbook crash landing on a grassy field and she walked away unscathed beautiful job Maggie you get a whole bunch of people clapping for you up here look at the landing gear no tire Maggie had her smile back when she spoke about her ordeal you have to have confidence in your ability if you're going to be a pilot so I knew that I had practiced emergency procedures plenty of times and I knew that if I tried my best and I kept a cool head there would be the best outcome possible good job Maggie you've shown you've got the right stuff [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @DougDimmaDab [2 likes]: Can’t be brave without fear or thats just stupidity. She did amazing.
  2. @alanhoffman-mp2es: Maggie 😮😮😮-😊😊😊
  3. @anactualplant9574: Her entire demeanor changed when her instructor John got on the mic. This was very heart warming.
  4. @tavtest-w2g: How did the wheel fall off in the first place?!
  5. @ROBERTSMITH-io7tb: You have to have confidence in your ability and im superman in the air until someone tells me my right main fell off 😂😂😂
  6. @musefan12345: Don’t call it a crash landing. It was a controlled landing. In aviation terms, “crash” implies that there was no control over the aircraft, and referring to it as a “crash” detracts from the skills of the pilot.
  7. @Epinardscaramel: 🥹
  8. @Allemay: That poor kiddo.  She sounds terrified.  She should be so proud of herself.  What a stud!
  9. @sambarreto9639: Someone said Captain Maggie oh yeah, no doubt I can see that Sully sidekick. ❤❤❤
  10. @sambarreto9639: She’s Tough ❤
  11. @rayu.4231: Smooth as silk, wow. 👏
  12. @ft06jg89: She probably flies for spirit airlines now
  13. @Nxtchapterr: The people controllers are amazing..
  14. @Allen-v5w: I have a LOT of time in that same aircraft. I never had any kind of problems with that particular plane, but look at it this way the odds of something like that ever happening to her again are pretty slim, she just got hers out-of-the-way early lol the other thing is as soon as I landed that plane and got out of it I would be going and hunting down a mechanic, we’re gonna have a little discussion
  15. @andresorcasr1722: Is it me or are girls really good flyers
  16. @AllisonBliss-v7k: Maggie! I’m in awe of you! 17 yrs of age wow! You go girl! 👍
  17. @pgh-h4f: Wow! Good for her!!! First solo flight??? Had to see it to believe it. Impressive nerve.
  18. @bfa-xi1py: I lost a wheel when I was biking, also very nast experience. ;) I had to go to hospital.
  19. @rodcre8s: Wrong airplane for this clip. Her name is Maggie Terrasa and she was 17 at the time and was flying a single engine Piper Pa-28, not a twin engine Beechcraft Baron.
  20. @sudo_uma: There is no emergency landing she just crashed lmfao

- What Netflix got WRONG - Malaysian Flight 370: Kind: captions Language: en How could a massive aircraft filled with 239 people simply vanish from the face of the earth? It might seem impossible in modern era, but this is exactly what happened Malaysia Airlines flight 370 on March 8th, 2014. There are countless theories which try to explain the mysterious disappearance. Everything from a remote control hijacking to exploding fruit in the cargo bay have been suggested. But what if the truth is even more disturbing? What if somebody on board flight 370 was responsible? This is the chilling story of Malaysia Airlines flight 370. And it's a story that might finally help us find the missing plane. It was a clear night at Kuala Lumpur, the capital city of Malaysia. Monsoon season was coming to a close and calmer conditions had arrived in the region. This calm extended to gate C1 of the satellite terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport, where Boeing 777 operated by Malaysia Airlines was preparing for its journey to Beijing. The aircraft was being fueled and loaded with food, cargo and 227 passengers for the 6-hour journey north. As the passengers walked through the jet bridge, none of them could have known that they were about to become a part of the greatest mystery in the history of aviation. Despite the sheer variety of theories surrounding this night, one scenario stands head and shoulders above the rest. This documentary is one of the first tellings of a plausible version of that story in its entirety. In the cockpit of flight 370, were two pilots, both of whom in a matter of days would become the subjects of intense scrutiny. Malaysian 1 good morning. Malaysian 370 request level. 370 we are ready requesting flight level to Beijing. That's first officer Fariq Abdul Hamid requesting clearance to Beijing from air traffic control. This was a special flight for the 27-year-old. Flight 370 was his last training flight before being signed off to fly the Boeing 777. He had joined Malaysia Airlines as a cadet pilot 7 years previously in 2007 and had flown Boeing 737s and Airbus A330s for the airline before beginning training on the 777 a few months previously. He had established an excellent performance record for himself in this time and was assessed to be well above average during his progression through the ranks at the airline. In fact, he was doing well enough in his training that the airline considered it safe for him to be paired with just one captain for this flight rather than the usual two. And sitting to his left was that captain, 53-year-old Zaharie Ahmad Shah. Zaharie had joined Malaysia Airlines as a cadet pilot in 1981. In this time, he had built up over 18,000 flying hours. This was an immense amount of experience and it made him one of the most experienced pilots in the country. Zaharie held a senior position at the airline. As well as being responsible for taking hundreds of people around the world as a 777 captain, for the last 7 years, he had also been training pilots to fly the 777 and examining them to decide whether they should be granted their license. Zaharie was described by colleagues as jovial, knowledgeable and a true aviation geek who spent his spare time flying remote control planes, paragliding and inviting colleagues to his home to practice procedures on his home flight simulator. But in the scenario which we're now exploring, there was much more to Captain Zaharie than would be suggested by his disarming exterior. At just before 12:30 that night, 8 minutes ahead of schedule, the jet bridge was removed and the massive aircraft was pushed back from the gate. It was now a sealed vessel operating under its own power and untethered to the outside world. On board were 227 passengers, 10 flight attendants and 49 metric tons of fuel. Some would later speculate that the captain took on an unnecessarily large or even a suspicious amount of fuel, about 30 minutes more than was required for the distance. But the truth is that Malaysia Airlines mandated all Beijing-bound flights to take on 30 minutes of additional holding fuel, so there is nothing suspicious here. Zaharie nudged the 777's throttles forwards and began taxiing out to runway 32 right at Kuala Lumpur. It was procedure at Malaysia Airlines that the captain should taxi the aircraft on the ground while the first officer handled the radios. Once the plane had reached the runway, the first officer would take over and fly the aircraft to Beijing with the captain handling the radios. As Zaharie taxied out to the runway, the passengers settled in and tried to get some sleep. They would soon be in for a rude awakening. At 20 minutes to 1 that morning, the aircraft lined up with the runway. Ahead of it were 4 km of concrete and a dark, open sky. 370 32 right of takeoff. Night. Captain Zaharie pushed the enormous Rolls-Royce engines to takeoff thrust and then handed over control to first officer Fariq as the 777 began thundering down the runway. Within moments, Fariq lifted the massive aircraft into the night sky and flight 370 began its journey north. As the plane climbed out, Zaharie contacted departure control. Malaysian 370. Malaysian 370 identify climb flight level 180 and inside the directory to Ikari. Okay, level 180 direct Ikari Malaysian 1 As well as clearing the flight to climb to 18,000 ft, the controller had given the pilots a shortcut allowing them to go straight to a waypoint further along their route known as Ikari. This waypoint, Ikari, is kind of an unusual one. It's one of the few waypoints on the planet which is bordered by a total of five different airspaces, namely those of Malaysia, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam and Singapore. This fact will take on an eerie significance in the scenario which we're about to explore. The plane continued climbing out as normal leaving behind the bright orange sea of lights that was Kuala Lumpur. Its flight plan would take it northeast over the Malaysian Peninsula and then out over the South China Sea. Before long, the departure controller handed flight 370 off to Lumpur radar control who was responsible for a higher altitude portion of the country's airspace. 370 contact Lumpur radar 1326 night. All right, 1326 Malaysian Zaharie dialed this frequency into his radio set and made contact with the new controller. Lumpur Malaysian 370. Malaysian 370 Lumpur radar good morning climb flight level 250. Morning level 250 Malaysian 370. So far, everything was going to plan. It was a clear, moonless night. The aircraft was in good condition and there was little other traffic in the vicinity. All the pilots needed to be fully on their way was the final clearance from air traffic control to climb to their cruising altitude. And at about a quarter to 1 that morning, that clearance came. Malaysian 370 climb flight level 350. Level 350 Malaysian 370. About 20 minutes after takeoff, flight 370 had reached its cruising altitude of flight level 350 or about 35,000 ft. When it did, Zaharie made a routine report to air traffic control. 370 maintaining level 350. Malaysian 370. About 6 minutes later, he made this report again. It wasn't necessary for him to make this report a second time, but the fact that he did doesn't really tell us much. Anything from sleepiness forgetfulness could have been responsible. Up until now, for the passengers, flight 370 had been about as routine as a flight can get. The flight attendants were making their way through the cabin with a meal service for those who were still awake. However, most of the passengers were asleep by this point. What happened next is the subject of much controversy. For this video, we'll apply Occam's razor which holds that the theory which requires the fewest assumptions is most likely to be the right one. The following account is not definitive, but it is the most consistent with the known facts and it is supported by some of the world's leading authorities on the subject. At 19 minutes past 1, as flight 370 neared the waypoint Ikari, Malaysian air traffic control told the crew to contact Ho Chi Minh air traffic control as they would soon be entering Vietnamese Malaysian 370 contact Ho Chi Minh 120 decimal niner good night. All right, good night Malaysian 370. Much has been made in the media of this radio transmission by the captain. That's because technically, a pilot is also supposed to read back the radio frequency they've been assigned so the controller knows that the pilot has heard them correctly. But pilots who know an airspace well, like Zaharie did, sometimes don't read back the frequency. So, there is truly nothing unusual about Zaharie simply saying good night as he switched over to Ho Chi Minh. What is strange, however, is what happened next. And here is where our scenario begins. Just seconds after saying goodnight to Lumpur Control, Captain Zaharie asked First Officer Fariq to go back into the cabin and get them both a cup of coffee. They had 5 hours of night flying ahead of them. A shot of caffeine wouldn't go amiss. The first officer dutifully headed back to the galley and closed the cockpit door behind him. Normally, the cabin crew would bring the coffee, but Fariq was not about to question the man who held his career in his hands. Now, sitting alone in the warm cocoon of the cockpit was a man who had been rehearsing for this night for over a month. Every step, every movement had been planned with the utmost precision. And it had to be, because Zaharie was trying to pull off the impossible. He would now try to make one of the world's largest, most modern jets vanish from the face of the earth. Safely locked behind his bulletproof cockpit door, ironically designed to keep would-be hijackers out, he could now carry out this plan without interruption. He reached back into his flight bag behind his seat, pulled out a warm sweater, and put it on. He would be needing it in a moment. Zaharie had chosen this exact moment to make the plane disappear because for these precious few minutes, nobody on the ground was expecting to hear from the aircraft. Malaysian controllers had handed him off to Vietnam, and Vietnamese controllers were busy with the aircraft which were already in their airspace. As far as they were concerned, it would be a few minutes before Flight 370 checked in. So, for these precious few moments, Flight 370 was in limbo. Nobody in the world was watching. Zaharie's first step in making the plane vanish was to make it disappear from radar. To do this, he needed to turn off the plane's transponder. But he wasn't going to do this straight away. If he did it before he reached Igari, Malaysian air traffic control might notice him dropping off their radar screens. If he waited until he had reached the waypoint, he would truly be out of their jurisdiction. As the first officer obliviously fixed a coffee in the forward galley, or whatever counted for coffee on an aircraft, Zaharie fixed his eyes on Igari as it inched ever closer at 8 miles per minute. When the active waypoint at the top right of the screen here changed from Igari to Bitod, the next waypoint en route, that would be his trigger to turn off the transponder. And after a few moments, it came. The aircraft reached Igari and began turning towards its next waypoint. At exactly that moment, Zaharie switched Flight 370 disappeared from air traffic control screens in Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, and Cambodia. Step one was complete. But unbeknownst to Zaharie, he had left a clue. The first of a few clues he would leave over the coming hours, and a clue that ultimately took investigators years to uncover. The transponder of the Boeing 777 has basically three settings. Fully off, where no information is transmitted to air traffic control. Altitude off, where only the plane's position, but not its altitude, is transmitted to air traffic control. And fully on, where its position, altitude, and a few other parameters are transmitted. For a split second, as Zaharie twisted the dial towards the fully off position, it passed through the alt off position. Unbeknownst to him, for that telling split second, as the dial passed through alt off, stations on the ground received the plane's position while its altitude read zero. This is not what would happen if the plane had experienced a massive electrical failure leading to the loss of the transponder among other systems. If that had happened, all of the data would have been lost at once. This brief, partial loss of transponder data suggests that somebody in the cockpit was turning this dial manually to the off position. But this clue wouldn't be discovered for a long time. As far as Zaharie was concerned, step one of his plan had been completed successfully. From that moment, nobody on the ground knew where Flight 370 was. The plane continued turning towards Bitod, the next waypoint on its route. Except, there was still a problem. By disabling the transponder, Zaharie had made the plane invisible to air traffic controllers, but Malaysia Airlines still knew that the plane was in the air. That's because the 777 is equipped with ACARS, or Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System. This feeds status reports from the plane to the airline via a satellite system called Satcom. These status reports include information about the plane's fuel on board, its maintenance status, and even its position along its flight route every 30 minutes. Zaharie knew that he couldn't truly disappear as long as ACARS was still functioning. So, he needed to disable it. But disabling ACARS was not going to be as easy as turning off the transponder. If he turned ACARS off the usual way, it would send a message to the ground saying that it was being powered down. Not a great prospect if your mission is to disappear without a trace. To truly vanish without leaving a trace, the captain would need to do something far more drastic. He would need to essentially pull the plug right out of the socket so that ACARS would go dark immediately without sending this telltale logoff message. To do this, Zaharie reached up to the overhead panel and, using two fingers, turned off both engines' electrical generators. This instantly cut off the electrical supply to a whole host of aircraft systems, including the Satcom, the satellite communication system which ACARS uses to send and receive its messages. Now, there was no way for anyone on the ground to receive information from the plane. Just to be sure, he then went through the menu on his flight management computer and deselected the two ways by which ACARS can communicate with the ground. Satcom and VHF radio. Now, even if Satcom came back on, ACARS wouldn't be able to talk to the ground. As far as the outside world was concerned, it was at this spot over the South China Sea where MH370 had vanished. Disabling the Satcom also had another benefit, which would be absolutely essential for the next step of the captain's plan. It meant that the satellite phone in the passenger cabin and the text message facility in the passengers' in-flight entertainment systems would no longer work. All lines of communication between Flight 370 and the outside world had been severed. To make assurance doubly sure, Zaharie then turned off the plane's external lights. Now, Flight 370 was fully invisible. All of this happened in the space of less than a minute. But these were only the first steps in Zaharie's grand plan. He had successfully hidden the aircraft from the people on the ground, but behind him, 238 people were expecting to be flown to Beijing. The first officer was making coffee, and he would be returning to the cockpit very shortly. To carry out his full plan, Zaharie would somehow need to incapacitate every single person on the aircraft. And to that end, he had at his disposal a rather unconventional weapon. Air. Or, more specifically, thin air. At 35,000 feet, there is only enough air to keep a human meaningfully conscious for about 45 seconds. But the air inside a passenger aircraft is pressurized. It's compacted like the gas in a soft drink can. If the captain could somehow open a hole in his plane, most of this air would come rushing out. Luckily for him, he could open a hole. On the underside of the plane, there were two valves, aptly named outflow valves. By opening them, he could vent all of this condensed air out into the atmosphere. The captain readied himself. He reached into the panel on his left-hand side, pulled out his oxygen mask, placed it over his head, and started the flow of oxygen. Now that he had his own oxygen supply, he swung his right hand up to the overhead panel and prevented the engines from bringing new air into the cabin. Then, he pressed a switch which turned the aircraft's cabin pressurization from automatic to manual. Now, he controlled the amount of air inside the aircraft's cabin. He had in his hands the air supply, the very lifeblood of all 238 people behind him. Once he carried out this next step, there would be no turning back. The next few seconds were the most critical in his entire plan. Just as he had rehearsed, Zaharie moved his fingers down to the two cabin outflow valve switches and pushed them to the open position. On the belly of the aircraft, the two valves opened. There was a tremendous whoosh inside the cabin as the air came rushing out. Any passengers who'd been sleeping were startled awake by the noise and the change in air pressure. Their ears popped and the oxygen masks dropped automatically from the ceiling. The sudden expansion of the air inside the cabin made it significantly colder, adding to the passengers' shock. But before the bewildered passengers even had a chance to put their masks on, the captain yanked the plane violently to the left. In the forward galley, the first officer was slammed to the sidewall by the dramatic turn. He only had seconds to find an oxygen mask in the pandemonium before he would fall unconscious. The captain was holding the plane in a turn so steep that the automated bank angle warning sounded. The plane was at the edge of its capabilities, straining to stay aloft as the captain turned harder and harder. But this wasn't done for dramatic effect. Zaharie needed this turn to be tight. He was right beside Thai airspace, and the last thing he wanted was to burst into an airspace which he hadn't been cleared to enter. Because even though he had disabled the transponder, there was still one way that he could be detected. Primary radar. Primary radar is the most basic kind of radar and it works on the very simple principle of reflectance. A radar dish on the ground sends out a signal which bounces off any objects in the air, including planes and flocks of birds, and is reflected back to the radar dish. Because it just works by bouncing radio waves off an aircraft skin, there is no way for a pilot to avoid being detected by primary radar. But at the same time, because it's such a simple system, all it can tell is where an object is. It can't tell what it is or how high it is. If Thailand's military spotted an unidentified target infringing upon their airspace, they could well scramble fighter jets to investigate who the mystery intruder was. So, as Zaharie rolled wings level, just over 2 minutes after beginning his turn, he checked his position on his navigation display. To his relief, he had just about managed to avoid Thai airspace. Flight 370 was now headed in the opposite direction, back towards Malaysia. The first part of Zaharie's mission was complete. But a massive challenge still lay ahead of him. He would now have to cross back over the Malaysian peninsula without being intercepted by the Malaysian or Thai Air Force. And he would have to do this without having his plan spoiled by the 238 people behind him. In the main cabin, the passengers were startled and confused. They had put on their oxygen masks and were listening intently to the cabin crew's instructions. The cabin crew told them that there had been a rapid decompression and that they would be descending to a breathable altitude soon. Apart from how cold the cabin had gotten and the fact that the oxygen masks had dropped, the situation appeared to be under control. Noise levels in the cabin were normal and now that the sharp turn was finished, the plane was more or less flying steadily. But First Officer Fariq knew that this situation was anything but under Nowhere in any depressurization checklist does it say that the pilot should turn the plane around. Their first priority, after donning their oxygen masks, is to descend to an altitude where the air is breathable. Whatever was going on up front, it had to be very strange. During the steep turn, Fariq had scrambled to sit at one of the cabin crew stations in the forward galley and he had grabbed an oxygen mask there. Now, he was ready to return to the cockpit to help the captain with the emergency. But secure on the other side of the impenetrable cockpit door, the captain had other plans. Passenger oxygen masks only provide about 20 minutes of oxygen. The reason for that is that this gives enough time for the pilots to descend to a safe altitude where the air is breathable. This usually takes about 10 minutes. None of the passengers or crew knew it yet, but they would not be descending to a breathable altitude. Their time was running out. First Officer Fariq approached the cabin interphone at the forward left door, his heart pounding. Over his shoulder was slung one of the plane's portable oxygen bottles, which he had grabbed from its compartment. He had attached the flexible plastic mask to his face and was breathing heavily from it as he brought his fingers to the handset. There were 15 of these oxygen bottles distributed throughout the cabin, one for each of the flight attendants on a maximum crew flight. There were just 10 cabin crew on board flight 370, so there was more than enough for each of them. And unlike the passenger oxygen masks, these bottles had 44 minutes of oxygen, more than the crew could possibly need in any conceivable emergency. But this emergency had never been conceived of. Fariq was the only person on board breathing from a portable oxygen bottle. The flight attendants had followed their training and had quickly sat down at one of the spare passenger seats or at a flight attendant station and grabbed the 20-minute drop-down mask there. But Fariq's situation was different. He was badly needed in the cockpit and a portable oxygen bottle was the only way to stay conscious while he tried to regain entry. He picked up the handset, dialed the code to call the cockpit door and put the receiver to his ear. In the cockpit, a message appeared on the captain's central display. Cabin call. If Zaharie wanted to open the door, all he had to do was rotate the switch on the center pedestal from the auto position to the unlock position. The door would unlock, the light on the entry keypad outside the door would turn green and Fariq would be able to push it open. Fariq waited and watched as the light on the entry keypad continued glowing red. It should only have taken a second for the captain to unlock the door. Why was he not doing this? The first officer figured that he must have been very busy handling whatever emergency this was. He waited for a few moments and then dialed the cockpit again. The cabin call message appeared on the captain's display and again, he ignored it. This was terrifying. The aircraft had depressurized and it wasn't descending. Something was going seriously wrong up front in the cockpit. On the other side of the door, Zaharie fixed his eyes ahead out his windscreen and onto the orange lights of the seaside town of Kota Bharu. This was his entry point for his journey back across his home country and it was perfect for this mission. His plan was to skirt the border between Thai airspace and Malaysian airspace. This way, when the Malaysian military saw the plane on radar, they would assume that it was being handled by Thai controllers and likewise, when the Thai military saw the plane, they would assume that it was being handled by Malaysian controllers. And Zaharie figured, even if they did realize that it was Malaysia flight 370 after seeing it turn back at Igari, they may think that it was making an emergency return to an airport, perhaps Penang's airport where it appeared to be heading. If this was the case, the flight would be the concern of the civilian controllers who were surely dealing with the plane. But in reality, Malaysian civilian controllers had handed the plane off to Ho Chi Minh in Vietnam. They weren't even thinking about it anymore. Meanwhile, locked out of the cockpit, First Officer Fariq could tell that despite the depressurization, the plane had still not begun to descend. He then had a terrible thought. What if the reason the door wasn't opening was that the captain had become incapacitated by the rapid decompression? This would be odd though. After all, donning the oxygen masks was the first item on the checklist, which is completed even before the descent is initiated. And what's more, Captain Zaharie regularly taught this scenario to pilots in the airline's flight simulators. He was more qualified than almost anybody to handle such an emergency. How could he simply forget to put on his oxygen mask? But there was no time for Fariq to work this out. He needed to get back inside the cockpit. And for that, he had one last option. Cockpit door keypads don't just accept one code. As well as the normal code, there is a special code for the rare event in which the pilots are incapacitated and the cabin crew need to gain access. With this code, the door opens automatically if the pilots haven't responded after 30 seconds. But of course, this emergency code could easily be used by hijackers to gain entry to the cockpit. So, to prevent this, in the cockpit, pilots have the option of turning the door switch to the deny position within 30 seconds of the code being entered. This clever logic allows crews to gain entry to the cockpit in case of a pilot incapacitation, but also gives flight crew the ability to deny entry to hijackers. The first officer hurried over to the keypad and punched in the emergency code. A loud buzzer sounded in the cockpit. If the captain was incapacitated, the door would automatically open for Fariq in just 30 seconds. Fariq waited anxiously. 10 seconds passed, then 20. But those final seconds came and went and the keypad light remained red. A horrible, sinking feeling came over the first officer. He entered the code once again, this time more carefully, and he waited, counting down the seconds using his watch. And yet again, after 30 seconds, the light remained red. This could only mean one thing. On the other side of the cockpit door, the captain had heard the buzzer and had turned the switch to deny. The captain checked his watch. The time was 32 minutes past 1:00 in the morning, 12 minutes since he had turned his 777 back on itself. About 5 minutes from now, the passengers' oxygen masks would begin to run out. When they did, all 227 of them would become hypoxic. The 10 flight attendants were in much the same boat, still strapped in and waiting for the signal from the captain that they were free to walk about the cabin. The effects of hypoxia are much like the effects of alcohol, with some people becoming euphoric and giddy, others becoming angry and others still becoming contented and relaxed. Contrary to what many people think, you don't suffocate in a decompression. There is simply a dimming of awareness until the proverbial lights go out. Ironically, the very last of mental faculties which occurs in hypoxia prevents the realization that it is even happening. In the cockpit, Zaharie made a minor adjustment to stay on course as he carefully scanned the skies around him. He was now back over land, zooming across peninsular Malaysia. He had been flying in these skies for decades, day and night, and he knew the lay of the land so well that he could easily identify the various towns en route as he flew overhead. He knew that at his current speed, he would be able to cross the peninsula in about 20 minutes. As he flew, he had his radio tuned to the Kuala Lumpur air traffic control frequency. He could hear the controller talking to the other planes as normal. At least for now, it was business as usual in Malaysia. At Ho Chi Minh, however, controllers had noticed something odd. The Malaysia Airlines flight from Kuala Lumpur, flight 370, hadn't made contact. This wasn't overly concerning. Sometimes it takes a few minutes before pilots get in touch. But what was unusual was that the flight wasn't even showing up on radar, despite having been handed over by Lumpur control almost 20 minutes earlier. The controller tried contacting the flight over the radio. But Ho Chi Minh was far from Zaharie's mind at this point. As controllers there counted up the minutes since he was supposed to have made contact, he was counting down the minutes until the passengers and crew would lose consciousness. As for his own oxygen supply, he was at no risk of running out. His supply came from two large tanks underneath the cockpit, which had enough oxygen to last two pilots 13 hours or one pilot 27 hours. These tanks are topped up a few times each year, and luckily for Zaharie, or perhaps more than just luckily, this oxygen supply had been topped up that very evening, just before the plane had departed Kuala Lumpur. Take a look at this. It's a scanned copy of the actual tech log from flight 370. This is one of the last pieces of paper generated by the flight before it left Kuala Lumpur. The tech log is the booklet where engineers and pilots note down any faults with the aircraft and whether they need fixing before the plane goes on its next flight. There are two things which stick out in this document. First, under defect description, the engineer wrote nil and nil notes. In other words, no maintenance needed. He also crossed out these fields to show that nothing was needed. But then, sometime later that evening, an engineer did make an entry. Crew oxygen system replenished to 1,800 PSI. Sometime between when the plane arrived at Kuala Lumpur earlier in the day and when it left again that night as MH370, somebody decided that the pilot's oxygen needed to be topped up. Whether it was Zaharie has never been determined. The first officer was beginning to panic. No matter how many times he entered the code, the light remained red. He began to bang his oxygen mask against the cockpit door in his desperate bid to get the captain's attention. Ho Chi Minh air traffic control was growing concerned. Flight 370 had still not turned up on radar, and it hadn't answered any of their calls. The controller had tried asking other planes in the area to make radio contact with the plane, including on the international distress frequency. These aircraft had reached out, but were met with nothing but silence. After repeated efforts to call the missing aircraft, the controller at Ho Chi Minh telephoned the controller at Kuala Lumpur and told him that he had not been able to make radar contact with flight 370. He asked whether the flight had turned back to Kuala Lumpur, but the Malaysian controller told him that it hadn't. Fears were now beginning to grow that something terrible had happened to the flight. The controller at Kuala Lumpur began calling out to flight 370 on the radio in case it had returned to his airspace. Zaharie was listening out, but remained silent. For the first time that night, he had confirmation that the ground knew his plane was missing. The time was 1:41 in the morning, 20 minutes after the flight had disappeared from radar. Controllers are supposed to report when an aircraft takes more than 5 minutes to make contact. Clearly, the air traffic control system was not at its best tonight. And as Zaharie watched out his window, he hoped that the Malaysian military was just as sleepy, because right at that moment, his plane was a blip on their primary radar screens, racing southwest across the peninsula. Zaharie could see the lights of Penang on the horizon. Once there, he would carry out the next step of his plan. Around this time, the passenger oxygen masks began to run out. Gradually, the low chatter which had pervaded the aircraft began to fade. In a matter of minutes, all 227 passengers would be unconscious. And unless pressurization was restored, not long after that, they would suffer irreversible brain damage from oxygen deprivation. And then, death. Flight 370 looked like any other plane as it whispered along high above the Malaysian countryside, but it was now becoming a flying mausoleum for all but one of its occupants. First officer Fariq was growing increasingly desperate. None of his attempts to get back into the cockpit had worked. He had to try something different. He knew that at this altitude, his mobile phone would have no signal. However, at one of the cabin crew stations, there was a satellite phone. Maybe, he figured, if he could get through to the airline, somebody might be able to help him. Fariq began making his way back through the cabin. The clock was ticking. Fariq still had about 20 minutes of oxygen in his tank, but as he walked back through the cabin, he was beginning to feel light-headed. Even though his mask was providing 100% oxygen, it was not designed to be used at high altitude for prolonged periods of time. By comparison, the captain was wearing a full-face mask with a tight seal, and which was specifically designed to deliver oxygen at a positive pressure. This meant that it forced oxygen into his lungs at a rate which ensured that he received as much of it as he needed. And with 26 hours of oxygen remaining, he was in no rush to re-pressurize the By now, he had calculated all of the passengers and most, if not all of the crew, had lost consciousness. On his lower central monitor, he could see the first officer through the CCTV slowly walking away from the door back into the main cabin. Now, at the other end of the Malaysian peninsula, Zaharie had reached the next important step in his plan. Ahead of him lay the Indonesian island of Sumatra. As far as Zaharie was concerned, this was an impenetrable wall. There were primary radar installations up and down the island, and there was no guarantee that the Indonesians would be as blasé about an unidentified aircraft as the Malaysians had been. If he wanted to escape, he had to avoid Indonesian airspace altogether. So, for the next part of his plan, he would need to turn to the right and fly up the Strait of Malacca. This way, he would remain inside Malaysian airspace all the way until he went out of range of primary radar. Far below him, on his right-hand side, was the island of Penang. He had grown up on this island, and now he would fly over it one last time. Zaharie twisted the heading select knob on the autopilot, and the aircraft began a slow, sweeping turn to the right. As it did, the first officer held his mobile phone against the passenger window and tried desperately to make a His attempts to use the onboard satellite phone had proved fruitless. He didn't know it, but the SATCOM, the satellite communication system, had been disabled by the captain. Fariq could see the distinctive island of Penang beneath him, along with its airport, which he had flown to many times. This was the first time since leaving the cockpit that he had a clear idea of where the aircraft was. Normally, mobile phones cannot get a signal at the speeds and altitudes that airliners fly at. But with the plane in a turn, its distance to the cell tower on Penang remained roughly constant. So, for a few short seconds, the first officer's mobile phone, an iPhone 5, connected to the ground station at Penang. But far from being able to make a call, all that Fariq got was a brief, fleeting signal bar at the top of his screen. For a few seconds, the cell phone tower registered a signal hit, indicating that the phone was on, but nothing more. When the signal bar disappeared, Fariq knew that he was truly out of options. Barely able to stand up from hypoxia and exhaustion, he made his way back to the cockpit door. Still in complete control, the captain rolled out on a northwest heading. Some have suggested that this turn around Penang was Zaharie bidding a final farewell to his hometown. However, this is unlikely. For one thing, the turn began after the plane had passed the island, so it wasn't really a turn around the island. And besides, the turn was too shallow for the captain to have been able to see the island anyway. Sentimentality had no place in the cockpit of flight 370. What mattered was the mission, and the mission was far from over. It had been just about 35 minutes since Zaharie had depressurized the plane and turned it back over the Malaysian He had managed to get across the peninsula without being intercepted by fighter jets, but he still had a significant challenge ahead of him, because Malaysia Airlines had just found out that something was amiss with flight At Lumpur radar control, the supervisor on duty telephoned Malaysia Airlines dispatch center, telling them that Ho Chi Minh had been unable to contact flight 370 or see it on radar. The dispatcher at Malaysia Airlines checked the airline's online flight tracking system to locate the flight on the map. It showed flight 370 to be in Cambodian airspace. Of course, in reality, flight 370 was nowhere near Cambodia. What the dispatcher did not know was that this flight tracking system didn't use live information from the aircraft to update its position. Rather, it simply projected its last known position out into the future. Since the plane's last known position was over the South China Sea heading northeast, that's where the flight tracker showed it to be. So far as Malaysia Airlines was concerned, and now air traffic control authorities, too, that's where flight 370 was. They had no idea that at that very moment the aircraft was hundreds of kilometers to the southwest in Malaysian airspace, speeding up the Strait of Malacca. But it still wasn't good news to the airline that one of its flights hadn't checked in with air traffic control. The dispatcher at Malaysia Airlines sent an ACARS text message to the cockpit printer asking the pilots to contact Ho Chi Minh immediately. But this message didn't make it to the The captain had stopped the ACARS from being able to communicate with the outside world right after he had removed power from the SATCOM. He was intent on ensuring that not a single clue about the aircraft status or position made it back to air traffic control or Malaysia Airlines. However, even with the ACARS disabled, there was still one big thorn in Zaharie's side. He knew that at Langkawi Airport in the Malaysian state of Kedah, there was a primary radar station. He also knew that the range of this radar was 200 nautical miles. For every second he spent inside the range of this radar, he risked being discovered and intercepted by fighter jets. Because he couldn't avoid this radar, his strategy for this part of the mission was to blend in. Even at night, plenty of commercial aircraft fly up and down the Strait of Malacca on their way between Kuala Lumpur and Europe in the Middle East. To anybody looking at the radar that night, flight 370 would appear as just one more dot moving serenely up the Strait of Malacca. An eerie silence now filled the passenger cabin of the triple 7. It had been almost an hour since the plane was depressurized and all of the passengers were either unconscious or dead. The first officer and any cabin crew who had used portable oxygen bottles with a 44-minute supply had slipped into unconsciousness, too. At an altitude of 35,000 ft, even 100% oxygen delivered through a portable oxygen bottle is not enough to stay meaningfully conscious. The only person alive and functioning was the one up in the cockpit. But the situation which he had created was now beginning to have unexpected side effects for his plane. And these had nothing to do with his oxygen supply. Back at Igari, when the captain had cut power to the plane's two main electrical generators, the aircraft's computers had diverted the limited remaining electrical power to only the plane's most essential systems. But now, almost an hour after this had happened, the plane had begun throwing up warnings saying that the computer room underneath the cockpit, known as the E and E bay, was getting too hot. Its cooling fans were one of the things which had lost power when the main electrical generators were depowered. Zaharie didn't fancy finding out what would happen if the computers which powered his cockpit screens and the aircraft's massively complicated systems overheated. According to his checklists, the very least that would happen was that his screens would start going blank. Without them, he would not be able to complete his mission. He had to restore power to the cooling fans. Flight 370 was nearing the edge of Langkawi's primary radar. After this, Zaharie would be free, totally unseen by the outside world. He decided that once he was outside of radar range, he would be safe. Only then would he restore full electrical functionality to the plane. Meanwhile, air traffic controllers in Malaysia and Vietnam were becoming increasingly confused. Malaysia Airlines operations had told Lumpur radar control that flight 370 was in Cambodian airspace. But as Vietnamese controllers confirmed, flight 370 was never supposed to enter Cambodian airspace. It was supposed to fly over Vietnam. And besides, Cambodian controllers couldn't see flight 370 on their radar. So, where was the flight? Was it over Cambodia or Vietnam? Or was it in the air at all? In truth, all parties involved were being duped by the software Malaysia Airlines used to track flights, which merely projected the plane's last known position out into the future. In the cockpit of flight 370, Zaharie could see on his CCTV display that the first officer was laying slumped against the cockpit door. The one person who stood a chance at thwarting his plans had been eliminated. Just in case there was anybody left, he picked up the microphone and made a call on the intercom asking for somebody to come and help him in the cockpit. He watched the display carefully. Nobody came. At just after 20 past 2 that night, flight 370 slipped off the radar at Langkawi. Now, truly, the flight had gone dark. Over 200 people on board were dead, but at this point, an hour after it had turned back at Igari, barely a dozen people in the world even knew that the Zaharie had been listening in to air traffic control on his radio set and there were no signs of fighter jets being scrambled to intercept his plane. As it would turn out, military radar operators wouldn't even notice his flight on their screens until they played back a recording of them the next day. Safely beyond the reach of radar and secure in the knowledge that he was now the only one left alive on board, Zaharie was now able to restore full electrical power to the aircraft. He reached up to the overhead panel and re-energized both the left and right electrical buses. A host of onboard systems sprung back to life as the plane reconfigured electrically. The familiar hum of the fans below the cockpit resumed and they began the hot computers. Zaharie had made it. He had done the impossible and made a Boeing triple 7 disappear into the night, never to be seen again. It would be morning before anybody began searching for the aircraft and they would begin by searching the only logical place, the South China Sea, where the flight had disappeared from secondary radar. The sensible conclusion for rescuers to draw, given that the plane had disappeared suddenly and without sending a distress signal, would be that a bomb or a catastrophic structural failure had downed the aircraft. Zaharie knew that in the days and weeks that followed, it was possible that investigators would review tape recordings of primary radar and see that the plane had turned back at Igari and then turned again at Penang and flown up the Strait of Malacca. But he knew that this is where the trail would end. If authorities were smart, search and rescue operations would focus on the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal. And this, in Zaharie's mind, was the beauty of his plan. Because now, out of radar coverage, he would pull off his final trick. Once he had flown past the island of Sumatra, he would turn to the south and take his triple 7 deep into the southern Indian Ocean. Nobody could possibly know that he had taken this turn. And even if they somehow did, they wouldn't be able to find him. The Indian Ocean is enormous and with over 5 and 1/2 hours of fuel still on board, he could go deep into the middle of it. plan was foolproof. Except it wasn't. Zaharie didn't know it, but the SATCOM, which had been rebooted when he restored power to the main electrical generators, wasn't just a passive system. It wasn't like the radio antenna on board the aircraft, which simply received radio signals and sent them only on request. When he restored full electrical power to the aircraft at 25 minutes past 2 that morning, a component of the SATCOM, the satellite data unit or SDU, rebooted. And when it did, it sent a message to a satellite high above the Indian Ocean saying as much. This satellite was operated by a company called Inmarsat, which stands for International Maritime Satellite. The plane's SDU told the satellite, or more accurately told the ground station in Perth, Australia, which the satellite acted as a conduit for, that it wanted to log on to the satellite network. This log on request was proof that the plane was still in the air, or at least that it was still intact. And what's more, every hour the ground station in Perth would send a message to the plane, which the plane would respond to confirming that it was still on the network. What this meant was that Zaharie was dead wrong in his assumption that he had completely vanished. He continued up the Strait of Malacca oblivious that he was carrying with him an enormous liability. But he couldn't be blamed for thinking that the SATCOM wouldn't give much away other than the fact that the plane was still flying. After all, this log on request contained no information. From the satellite's point of view, it just got a message from a Malaysia Airlines plane asking to log on to the This message didn't say where the plane was or anything else of the sort. However, it did contain one piece of information which, in a week's time, would shock the world. An engineer at Inmarsat would take a look at this log on request and have an ingenious idea. Attached to the signal sent by the plane was a timestamp saying when it was sent. The satellite also recorded when it had received the signal from the aircraft. So, by comparing these two times, it was possible to determine how long it took the signal to reach the satellite. The engineer who looked at this data realized that because this signal traveled at a known speed, the speed of light, he would be able to determine how far the plane was from the satellite when it sent the signal. He carried out this calculation and got an answer for how far the plane was from the satellite when it sent the log on request. Simple physics and a spark of insight had shown that at 2:25 a.m. on the morning of March 8th, flight 370 had been somewhere on this ring. Not inside of this ring, but on it. Everywhere along this ring was the same distance to the satellite. Since the last known position of the plane on primary radar was just 3 minutes beforehand, here, it would be impossible for it to have traveled all the way to Africa or India or way south in this time. It had to have been somewhere close to the last known position on an arc about this length. And so, the first arc was born. Zaharie had just given investigators the ultimate clue. And what's more, it wouldn't just stop at one ring. A new ring, and therefore a new arc, would be formed every hour when the ground station in Perth inquired about the plane's online status. These routine exchanges would come to be known as handshakes. One arc every hour for as long as the plane was in the air. From this point on, the story of flight 370 is the story of these arcs. On board flight 370, the mission to oblivion continued. Zaharie repressurized the aircraft. With everybody behind him incapacitated or dead, there was no need to keep the air pressure so low. Now, mask off and out of radar range, Zaharie could begin the next stage of his mission. Turning the plane to the south. Out his left-hand side, he watched the lights of the distant towns on the coast of Sumatra glitter. When he was beyond them, he would make his move. As Zaharie watched and waited, Malaysia Airlines Operations Center back at Kuala Lumpur was growing increasingly concerned. It was unheard of for a plane to be out of contact for this long. At 2:38 that morning, they sent a message to the aircraft over ACARS, which was supposed to appear in the cockpit here. But this message was not received by Zaharie had severed the connection between ACARS and the satcom and VHF. The airline sent the message again at 2:39 a.m., but it didn't arrive this time either. Had the flight experienced some kind of massive electrical failure? Was it lost over Southeast Asia? Or had it landed somewhere in Cambodia? But then, Malaysia Airlines Operations decided to call the plane over the satcom. In the cockpit of flight 370, the satcom phone rang. Zaharie saw the call come through on his screen. He now had confirmation that the airline knew that something was wrong with his He watched and waited for the call to finish ringing. After a few seconds, it did. Zaharie wondered whether the ground would be able to tell the difference between a call which had gone unanswered and one which didn't reach the aircraft in the first place. But at this point, it barely mattered. The airline was still trying to locate the plane somewhere over Cambodia. In fact, less than 10 minutes earlier, it had told air traffic control the plane's coordinates according to their flight tracking software. They had no idea how far off they were. In fact, it would be another hour before Malaysia Airlines realized that the position updates they were getting were simply from the projected path of the aircraft on the flight tracking software. They sent another ACARS message at 2:40 a.m. and another a minute later. But each time, the message was not received. Operations didn't know it, but Zaharie had disabled the VHF and satcom link to the ACARS. None of their ACARS messages would get through. Just as Zaharie had expected, the Malaysian military had been asleep at the wheel. They had failed to identify an unknown target for more than an hour as it passed right through their airspace. Under the cover of darkness and having completely duped the authorities, Zaharie would now make his final turn south. He twisted the heading select knob to the left, and the 777, Zaharie's unwitting accomplice, obliged, completely oblivious to the mission it was party to. As Zaharie turned south, he could picture the headlines which would appear in the newspapers over the coming days. He could envisage the countless theories which would be put forwards to explain the mystery. He knew that as long as the wreckage was never discovered, there would always be a shadow of doubt as to what had caused the plane's disappearance. Some would say that what happened on this night was a tragic accident. That some combination of electrical failure, rapid decompression, and pilot incapacitation led to flight 370 going missing. But these theories, which we will call accident scenarios, all have massive flaws. If there had been an electrical failure big enough to incapacitate the pilots, why did the satellite data unit come back online an hour after it was disabled and stay working for hours afterwards? Usually, when electrical systems fail, they stay failed. And if the pilots were so incapacitated that they couldn't get the aircraft to descend and get it back to an airport, why were they still conscious enough 30 minutes after the emergency began to turn at Penang? And then, more than 40 minutes after that, to turn again out over the open ocean? What's more, why did they turn at such inopportune places? Why was every turn timed perfectly so as to avoid detection by air traffic controllers, civilian and military? Anybody who believes the disappearance of flight 370 was an accident also has to reckon with the fact that the aircraft's problems started exactly when it reached Igari, the transfer of control point between Malaysian and Vietnamese airspace. If an accident had caused flight 370 to go missing, then it would seem that chance itself had framed the pilots for the disappearance. Others would say that a hijacking best explains the aircraft's disappearance. But if that were the case, this would need to have been the most technically sophisticated and yet ultimately the most fruitless hijacking of all time. These hijackers had clearly done their research. They knew the surrounding airspace inside out judging by their ability to evade detection by the military radar for over an hour. And they had intimate knowledge of how to fly and how to hide a Boeing 777. They apparently knew exactly how and exactly when to turn off not just the transponder, but the satcom and the ACARS, too. These were no rookies. And yet, despite all of this planning and skill, these hypothetical hijackers appear to possess a strange lack of conviction. An hour after disabling the satcom, they were kind enough to turn it back on. They were also considerate enough not to crash into any buildings. And they were selfless enough not to make any demands of any authorities on the ground. In fact, if a terror group was responsible for the plane's disappearance, it was apparently humble enough not to claim responsibility after the fact. Because 9 years after the disappearance, such a claim of responsibility is yet to be forthcoming. This is not even to touch on some of the more outlandish theories. That the plane had been hijacked by the CIA via remote control, or that it had been sucked into a black hole. Two theories of approximately equivalent likelihood. And that's only considering the evidence we've looked at so far. Those who believe this was an accident still have to contend with one more fact. And it's perhaps the most disturbing fact of all. As Zaharie headed south over the Indian Ocean, this strange series of events was oddly familiar to him. That's because just over a month before this night, he had practiced this journey on his home flight simulator. Hi everyone. This is a YouTube video that I've made. On the evening of February 2nd, 2014, Zaharie had taken a simulated Boeing 777 up to cruising altitude and flown it along the Strait of Malacca. There was nothing particularly unusual about this. Malaysia Airlines had plenty of flights which went up the Strait of Malacca, and like many pilots, Zaharie sometimes practiced flights on his home computer. What was unusual was what he did next. Once Zaharie had reached the end of the Malacca Strait, he turned the plane to the south, and then he used the flight simulator's map function to drag it deep into the southern Indian Ocean. From there, he set the fuel quantity to zero and began gliding the plane. First, from an altitude of about 37,000 ft, and then from 4,000 ft. If this simulator route was a mere coincidence, then once again, we would have to conclude that chance itself had it out for Captain Zaharie on this night. Zaharie undid his seatbelt and reclined in his seat. He gazed out into the darkness in front For thousands of miles, there lay nothing but dark, deep ocean. Some of the deepest ocean in the world, in fact, and the most isolated, too. Almost no shipping lanes traverse the southern Indian Ocean. It was now deep into the night on March 8th, 2014. But this date hadn't been Zaharie's first choice. On February 3rd, when he used his flight simulator to fly to the southern Indian Ocean, he had set the date on the simulator as February 21st. Fans of coincidence are now in for another treat. Because on February 21st, Zaharie had been scheduled to fly flight 370 to Beijing. That date was his first choice. The day before the flight, on February 20th, Zaharie deleted his flight simulator from his home computer and disconnected the drive it had been stored on. But February 21st came and went, and Zaharie operated flight 370 to Beijing as normal. The over 200 people on that plane had had a narrow escape. The passengers on the March 8th flight had not been so lucky. An hour since Malaysia Airlines had called flight 370 over the satcom phone, the ground station in Perth initiated another handshake with the aircraft via satellite. The second arc was formed. A few minutes earlier, Malaysia Airlines had finally told Lumpur Control that the position information they'd been providing them with for flight 370 had actually been based on projected position and not on actual position. Their focus on Cambodia had been a total red herring. At this point, controllers considered that the plane might be on its flight plan route, but that it had experienced a communications failure of some sort. They began contacting Chinese air traffic controllers, as by this point, the aircraft should have been in their If the flight was running on time, it should arrive in Beijing in just under 3 hours. In the cockpit of flight 370, hundreds of miles to the south, Zaharie twisted the altitude selector on the autopilot and put the plane in a climb. The higher he flew, the less fuel he would use, and the deeper into the ocean he could go. He knew that if he crashed far enough into the middle of the ocean, the crash site would never be found. Any wreckage which floated on the surface would take months, even years to wash up on the shores of Africa and Australia. Perhaps investigators would piece together a rough picture of what happened, but without any hard evidence, his family and friends would be spared the shame of knowing with certainty what he did. There would always be a shadow of doubt as to what had happened to the plane. Out over the middle of the southern Indian Ocean, Zaharie was now perhaps the most isolated person on the planet. For miles in every direction, there was not a single human life. No islands, no planes, and no boats. And now, even though his aircraft still had hours of fuel on board, there was no longer any reason for him to be part of this mission. He had carried out his tasks just as he had practiced for weeks. With the turn to the south complete and his autopilot keeping the plane on course to the middle of the southern Indian Ocean, his presence on board was now superfluous. He would now slip into the night. For the second time that night, Zaharie opened the outflow valves. Only this time, he didn't don his oxygen mask. Within seconds, he was breathing thin air at 40,000 ft. His thinking slowed, his senses dulled, and moments later, the lights went out. Flight 370 was now a ghost plane whispering out over the dark open ocean. As the hours went by, the satellite data unit on board continued its hourly handshakes with the ground station in Perth. It was early morning in Beijing, and controllers were hoping to see a Malaysian 777 on final approach to the runway. Its scheduled time of arrival was 6:30 a.m. But this time came and went, and still no plane appeared on the horizon. Families waiting for the arrival of their loved ones were told that the flight was delayed. Meanwhile, search and rescue efforts began in the South China Sea. With no contact for hours, rescuers were fearing the worst. Would they come face-to-face with the shattered wreckage of a fully loaded 777? They had no idea as they searched quite how absurd the situation truly was. At that very moment, the aircraft was still in the air. Only it was thousands of miles to the south, and everybody on board was already dead. Malaysia Airlines operations center made another SATCOM call to the cockpit of Incredibly, this was only the second call they made to the aircraft over the entire flight. But just like it had the first time, the phone rang out. This time, Zaharie wasn't even there to see it. For the airline, there was no avoiding Flight 370 was now officially missing. Just before half past 7:00 that morning, Malaysia Airlines issued a press statement announcing that the flight was missing and that they were working with search and rescue authorities to find The world now knew that a Malaysian Airlines flight had crashed. But nobody knew, and what nobody could possibly have known, was that the aircraft was still very much in the air, still making its way south on autopilot as the sun rose over the southern Indian Ocean. An hour after the last satellite phone call to the plane, the ground station in Perth initiated another handshake with the aircraft, creating the sixth ring and therefore the sixth arc. Early morning rays of sun now streamed in the windows of the vacant plane, the sole witness of the silent horror which had unfolded hours beforehand. The scene on board was still like a photograph, capturing a moment from hours ago and frozen in time ever since. Nothing on board had moved since that moment. But this eerie serenity would soon be shattered. All of the pent-up violence which had been obscured by Zaharie's modus operandi would now be unleashed all at once. Shortly after 8:00 that morning, the right-hand engine ran out of fuel. To compensate, the left-hand engine went to full power. With this, the 777 began a gentle turn to the right. A few minutes later, the left-hand engine flamed out. The autopilot and autothrottle disconnected. The cockpit instruments went dark. Deprived of power and electricity, flight 370 was now at the whim of aerodynamics. The plane began slowing down and descending. It was the beginning of the end. Except the aircraft had a final trick up its sleeve. In the 777, some fuel is reserved for the auxiliary power unit, the APU, in case both engines flame out. The APU is a small gas turbine engine in the aircraft's tail. It doesn't produce any thrust, but it does provide the plane with limited electrical and hydraulic power. In the case of a double engine failure, it starts automatically and provides enough power to ensure that the aircraft remains controllable. But without the pilots at the controls, this was no good. Except on this morning, this feature of the Boeing 777 would leave an incredible clue for investigators. The APU automatically started up, drawing from the small amount of fuel still remaining in the tanks. When it was up and running, electrical power was restored to the aircraft, bringing some of the instruments and systems back online. One of the systems to which power was restored was the satellite data unit. It sent a signal to the satellite above the Indian Ocean, just like the one it had sent almost 6 hours earlier, requesting to log on to the satellite This signal created a final ring and therefore a final arc, the now infamous seventh arc. If the APU had not been restarted automatically, this signal would never have been sent, and we would never know where the plane had run out of fuel. This signal was different than the other ones which had been sent out over the Indian Ocean in that it was not a handshake initiated by the ground station in Perth, but a log on request initiated by the aircraft itself. Zaharie could have had no idea that this arc would be created, pretty much confirming the plane's location in its final minutes. But this isn't where the story ends, because as it turned out, there was one more thing which could be gleaned from the signals sent to the satellite by the SATCOM. As the satellite data unit of flight 370 powered up, multiple aircraft systems took turns logging onto the satellite network, each sending a signal within a few minutes of the other. When engineers analyzed the frequency of these signals from the seventh arc, they found something odd. They were at a lower frequency than all of the previous signals. After eliminating various possibilities, what remained was a clear answer. When flight 370 sent these signals to the satellite, it was descending away from the satellite, stretching out the radio wave as it was being transmitted. This caused the satellite to receive a lower frequency signal. But investigators didn't stop there. By precisely comparing the normal frequency of the signals which the aircraft had sent previously with the frequency of the signals received from the plane on the seventh arc, investigators could determine roughly how fast the plane was descending when it sent these signals. At 19 minutes past 8:00 and 29 seconds, flight 370 was descending at a relatively normal rate of about 4,000 ft per minute. This is steeper than a plane would typically descend at, but it was within the ballpark for a normal flight. However, just 8 seconds later, when it sent another signal, the aircraft was screaming towards the ocean at an incredible rate of approximately 15,000 ft per minute. This was about 10 times the normal descent rate and well beyond anything an aircraft like the 777 would glide at. Such an incredible rate of descent is consistent with the aircraft being in a steep turn, rolling onto its side as it fell towards the ocean. As the plane neared supersonic speeds, some of the control surfaces on the wing, including the flaperon, began to flutter before detaching from the wing. Less than 2 minutes later, flight 370 plunged into the ocean. At 21 minutes past 8:00 and 7 seconds, one more signal should have been sent from the plane to the satellite. This signal never came. Most of the aircraft was shattered upon impact, with the debris sinking for miles before settling scattered on the seabed below. However, hundreds of pieces began floating. Over the coming months and years, these pieces washed up thousands of miles away on the shores of Madagascar, South Africa, Reunion, and Tanzania, among other countries. Over 30 pieces of wreckage have been discovered to date, both from the interior and exterior of the aircraft. A flaperon from the right wing. The plastic frame of an in-flight entertainment screen from the back of a passenger seat. A section of wall paneling from the forward cabin. Many of these 30 pieces have been recovered by one man, Blaine Gibson, which, aside from being a testament to his perseverance and dedication, indicates that there are hundreds or even thousands of pieces still waiting to be discovered along the shorelines of Africa and nearby islands, if only governments were willing to look. These pieces are the only hard physical evidence showing that the plane went down in the southern Indian Ocean, and therefore that it flew south after passing Sumatra and not north as some people had believed. In the years since the disappearance, search teams carried out extensive underwater searches along the seventh arc, mapping over 120,000 square kilometers of seabed. But so far, the plane's wreckage has not been found. Today, almost 10 years since the aircraft went missing, all searches have been called off pending new and credible information on the plane's final resting place. But there is still one final turn in the story of flight 370. Let's say that at some future date, maybe decades from now, we do find the wreckage. Would this bring us any closer to understanding why the plane crashed? The black boxes, if they still contain data after what might turn out to be decades underwater, may not have any recordings of the flight's final hours. That's because if the captain was intent on hiding the aircraft and on hiding his own culpability, he would simply have pulled the circuit breakers for the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder shortly after asking the first officer to leave the cockpit. Nothing in the wreckage would point towards his involvement. Of course, such a finding as blank black boxes would be evidence in itself. But as always with MH370, the question lies in how this evidence should be interpreted. Those who favor accident scenarios would use this as further evidence that a massive electrical failure befell the aircraft, while those who think that Zaharie crashed the plane would use this as evidence that he was responsible. When something as seemingly impossible as the disappearance of a modern airliner happens, we naturally want the cause to be as big as the event itself. But in all likelihood, this was not a grand conspiracy by the CIA or the Russians involving spies or classified technology, nor is it likely that it was the result of a series of highly improbable accidents. Rather, all the evidence points towards a single, simple explanation. Deliberate, premeditated action by a skilled pilot intent on accomplishing an unthinkable but entirely achievable goal. To make an aircraft disappear. This video is not a definitive account of what happened on flight 370. Experts disagree on a number of important aspects of the flight, including whether there were any turns after the plane went south, and whether Zaharie was dead at the end as depicted in this video, or whether he glided his triple 7 over 100 kilometers from the point of fuel exhaustion and ditched it onto the surface of the ocean. These important questions have not been resolved and they have significant implications for where the search efforts are directed. For this reason, unless new evidence is released by the Malaysian government, it's quite possible that the most fruitful line of inquiry will be to investigate the possible motives and beliefs of Zaharie Ahmad Shah. He is overwhelmingly likely to be the cause of the plane's disappearance, and therefore, understanding his mind may hold the key to finding flight 370. Where would he have directed the plane? Would he have tried to glide it at the end? It's an uncomfortable truth that as long as humans can fly passenger jets, humans can crash passenger jets. No amount of tracking technology or cockpit procedures can prevent this. The rarity of such events is the only solace for those of us who fly today. But this is of little help to the families of those who stepped on board flight 370 on March 7th, 2014. This video is dedicated to those families and to their loved ones on board flight 370.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GreenDotAviation [3000 likes]: 🟢 Like this video, and want to see more like it? Join the Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/GreenDotAviation

To clear up some confusion I'm seeing in the comments section, here is the evidence supporting the theory in this video (see sources in the video description):

- The flight disappeared from radar at the exact moment that it passed IGARI, the Transfer-of-Control point (TCP) between Malaysia and HCM ATC. This timing is an extraordinary coincidence if what happened was an accident, as it was one of only a few moments during the entire flight during which nobody on the ground was watching it. 
- The ADS-B data from a Malaysian ATC radar at Terengganu shows two datapoints for MH370 where there was position information being sent from that plane's transponder, but no altitude information. This is consistent with the transponder being manually turned off, with the switch passing through the 'ALT OFF' position. 
- The aircraft did not descend towards an alternate airport at any stage.  
- The plane turned multiple times in the hour since the emergency began. This is entirely inconsistent with an incapacitated crew scenario.  
- The First Officer's phone registered with a cell tower on Penang at 0152 MYT. It is unlikely that his phone was on, or at least, not on flight mode while the plane was on the ground, given that this was a very important training flight for him. This suggests he turned on his phone at some point during the flight. 
- Despite the extreme nature of any failure sequence required to incapacitate the crew, and disable all of the highly-redundant communications systems (ACARS, SATCOM, VHF radios), the aircraft remained aloft for over 6 hours after first disappearing from radar. 
- The SDU came back online at 0225 MYT after being off since IGARI. There are few, if any failure scenarios in which this would happen. 
- The captain's home computer had a flight simulator route dating from the month before the disappearance, which involved a Boeing 777 flying from the strait of Malacca to the middle of the SIO, where it experienced fuel exhaustion.  
- Despite having 10 years to come up with a plausible accident scenario, nobody has proffered one. The 'intentional diversion' scenario described in this video, was proposed mere days after the plane's disappearance, and no evidence which has emerged since, has lessened its likelihood. In fact, the evidence for this scenario has only gotten stronger in this time.  

The logical conclusion to draw from the above, is that the Captain of this flight orchestrated its disappearance. Here is some informed supposition, based on the above evidence:

- The First Officer was asked to leave the cockpit at some point before the plane reached IGARI, and he was then locked out. 
- The captain depressurised the aircraft to prevent the passengers and crew from revolting
- The captain turned off the plane's external lights to prevent sightings of the aircraft (this is an obvious logical step if you accept that he turned off the transponder)
- The First Officer tried to regain entry
- The First officer used a portable oxygen bottle in order to stay conscious while attempting to re-gain entry
- The First Officer kept his phone in his pocket, turned it on after he couldn't gain entry to the cockpit, and tried to make a call
- The captain listened out on ATC frequencies to see whether authorities were aware of what was happening the flight.  
- Once he was sure everybody on board was incapacitated, the captain repressurised the plane and turned back on the SATCOM (as indicated by the SDU logon at 0225 MYT)
- The Captain depressurised the plane once he knew he was no longer needed in the cockpit. 

I hope this clears up some of the confusion in the comments.
  2. @karneshmahenddru [3 likes]: But how do we know so much? Assumptions?
  3. @jayci8562 [2 likes]: Amazing work. RIP to all the victims.
  4. @LeslieJeddore [2 likes]: YES!!  Zahari did it ALL.
  5. @pyradome [1 likes]: Not a body not an item of clothes nothing ever found. Still a strange one.
  6. @herbertjackson8480: What happened, the u.s. government happened, murdered by thei government, it's sick but true.
  7. @sarahleediscordia2840: 12 years later, this is the best documentary I’ve seen about this horrible crime.  I’ve always believed the pilot crashed the plane.  RIP to the passengers and crew.
  8. @chloefong3031: The idea that thers 200+ dead bodies behind him is so scary . why did he have to bring 200+ people down with him in his suicide mission ?
  9. @freeheaven5233: I dont understand where is the evidence of all these. Arent these just speculations
Like the captain sent first pilot to get coffee.. where did you hear that?
Or 
The flight sim at caprains home had the exact same route. When in the investigation files it had been clearly mentioned that the malaysian minister told that the sim had multiple 1000s of routes similar to this but not the exact same one.
These all are just speculations and nothing can be called "based on evidence" we wont know the whole story until the black box and flight data recorder is recovered
  10. @transformer889: This pilot, like the one who crashed his plane into a river, probably had a gambling debt that, if he did not pay, he and his family would be in danger, so he decided to commit suicide, but to make it look like an accident, so his family would be spared from the Asian Mafia, and they could also receive insurance money.
  11. @rhodabennett672: Watching this in 2026 & it's still so very sad..there's no madness compared to a suicidal mind..I'm especially sad for his co pilot..he knew what was going to happen & there was nothing he could do..
  12. @Bamboo-c3i: This is bullshit
  13. @theplinkerslodge6361: What is that psychological scenario called when firefighters set fires? It's like the pilot simply decided to set his plane on fire to experience it. 18,000 hours of fighting to not let anything bad happen and then he flaked.
  14. @umaar_14: This is heartbreaking. I would not have been able to keep calm if I was recording this video. My voice tone would be all over the place. Great respect for informing people about this calamity that befalled the passengers and families of the passengers of this flight
  15. @viralsheddingzombie5324: What if....a military device was secretly being transported to China, disguised as the alleged "lithium batteries?"  We really don't know if those were real batteries, or a cargo as part of a secret military operation using Malaysia as an intermediary.  At some point the transfer was compromised and the plane was eliminated.  This theory could also explain Shah's personal flight simulator path into the southern Indian ocean, as a contingency plan, if you believe the simulator information was not fabricated.
  16. @Captain669-q2b: 6:04 have somebody noticed that here, the pilot said 1 like immediately, without thinking. But if you know that as a pilot, youre gonna have multiple flights each day, which means, like, you cannot remember all the numbers. You have to think, like, maybe for a moment(unlike the "1")so the one is really sus. And what is even more sus is that, the flight that literally match the route of MH370,(the pilots data of his computer, which is deleted), its flight number  exactly begins with one!!!(maybe cant be evidence but i just feel unusual)
  17. @carolholt3313: How do you know that the Captain sent the FO for coffee?
The Captain had already signed off from ground control.
  18. @stillboosted: Did he forget that the captain killed all the lights and turned off electronics?? It would have been pitch black in the cabin and the first officer hasn’t figured out something is wrong? Or did I miss the part where he turned it all back on?
  19. @Fulltoenjoy1: stupid..🤣🤣
  20. @genuinepolyester: Despite the abject horror of this tragedy, MH 370 will always remind me of Kathleen Madigan.

- How Do Pilots Pass The Time On Long Flights?: Kind: captions Language: en For most passengers, long-haul flights are&nbsp; a matter of endurance aided by a few drinks,&nbsp;&nbsp; inflight entertainment, and trying to get some&nbsp; sleep between meal services. It is an entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; different matter for the people flying the plane&nbsp; as there are still plenty of things to do even&nbsp;&nbsp; after takeoff. Let’s look at what’s happening&nbsp; on the flight deck during these longer flights… Even though flight paths are decided upon&nbsp; before departure, pilots have to monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; weather conditions and decide whether&nbsp; or not to alter them during the flight.&nbsp;&nbsp; On long-haul flights, weather conditions are&nbsp; more likely to change from initial forecasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; with aircraft often encountering multiple&nbsp; weather systems. These systems can vary in&nbsp;&nbsp; intensity from slight turbulence to dangerous&nbsp; thunderstorms. Traveling at high speeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots must be prepared at all times&nbsp; to alter the flight path if necessary. If, for example, they see a&nbsp; thunderstorm on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; they must first get the OK from air traffic&nbsp; control (ATC) to change their route. Clear air turbulence is another worry, and&nbsp; because it cannot be seen on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots rely upon the information provided by&nbsp; pilots flying the same route ahead of them. When&nbsp;&nbsp; flying across oceans such as the Atlantic, one&nbsp; pilot's job is to communicate with the ATC while&nbsp;&nbsp; the other monitors a common air-to-air frequency&nbsp; that pilots use to communicate with each other. The entire time a flight is&nbsp; in the air, the pilots monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; all kinds of gauges to ensure that the&nbsp; plane performs how it is supposed to. Making sure that the temperature of the fuel&nbsp; is not too cold is another thing pilots must&nbsp;&nbsp; monitor. If the fuel cools down too much,&nbsp; its flow can be restricted due to waxing.&nbsp;&nbsp; If this happens, pilots can rectify&nbsp; the situation by descending, or by&nbsp;&nbsp; increasing the aircraft's speed (and,&nbsp; thus, its skin temperature). However,&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn't a particularly frequent occurrence,&nbsp; as engine oil helps fuel to retain heat. While one of the pilots monitors all the&nbsp; gauges, the other will be busy taking care&nbsp;&nbsp; of the paperwork. Before the flight, the&nbsp; pilots are given a written flight plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Anything that deviates from this&nbsp; must be written down as notes. Outside of these important activities,&nbsp; long-haul flying can be very boring for pilots.&nbsp;&nbsp; During cruise phases, pilots will often pass&nbsp; the time by making small talk with one another,&nbsp;&nbsp; or doing some reading. Smartphone games and&nbsp; good old fashioned crossword puzzles might be&nbsp;&nbsp; additional forms of entertainment&nbsp; found on the flight deck. Finally, just like passengers,&nbsp; enjoying inflight meals&nbsp;&nbsp; is another part of the long-haul pilot experience. The pilots typically wait until the passengers&nbsp; have been served and then eat separately.&nbsp;&nbsp; They do this so that there is&nbsp; always one person at the controls. For long flights over twelve hours, there&nbsp; are one or two relief pilots onboard&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the two pilots who performed the&nbsp; takeoff can take a break and get some rest. There are just two pilots on shorter&nbsp; long-haul flights of eight or nine&nbsp;&nbsp; hours. The only opportunity they get to&nbsp; leave their seats and stretch their legs&nbsp;&nbsp; is when they go to the bathroom. Did you know about these long-haul duties and&nbsp; activities? Let us know by leaving a comment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TATCHIWONG [2 likes]: Tgey play POKERMON😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  2. @boogie4943 [1 likes]: I'm a pilot. All I did was get blown by heaps of sexy air hostesses. If it was a long haul flight, I'd join the mile high club.😁🤣
  3. @sakredcow [1 likes]: the mile high club...
  4. @unnamedchannel1237 [1 likes]: I used to play candy crush
  5. @AjF392 [1 likes]: Flyers don't pass the time, they LOG the time. 😎
  6. @Boody617: They take turns sucking each other’s cocks
  7. @Xxxx-d4z: THEY ABOUT THEIR FLIGHT ATTENDANTS ALWAYS.
  8. @Ckeete: When I was a pilot, my co-pilot and I once had “fart wars” to pass time.  Don’t ask.
  9. @Velocity8842: Found ts again
  10. @Ze0do0Gas: I hope both pilots don't eat the fish dish
  11. @Ilebuda: I have heard about other activities.
  12. @williamoleary1410: Pass the time? They better be fully focused on every detail of the flight until they land.
  13. @Patriotalliance: Typically they just bitch about pay, schedule and seniority. Ask me how I know...
  14. @shortstoryteller-i5p: We know one thing for sure. They do not endure themselves playing gambling apps to pass the time.  😅
  15. @RammingSpeed-lk8kk: Probably play Microsofy Flight Simulator
  16. @dougmarshall4010: There is a heat exchanger whereby hot oil from the engine keeps fuel at optimal temperature at cruise altitude. It’s all automatic. They put the autopilot on. Any malfunction brings up a visual and audible alarm. They don’t have to do much. At 35,000 feet, there is very little weather to worry about. No rain, no icing, just clear air turbulence.
  17. @austinteutsch: I had an old classmate of mind who flew from LaGuadia to Heathrow, did a layover and then blew back over a 2.5 day.  He ran that route for 13 years and he told me of one co-pilot of his who took a flight attendant into the bathroom, screwed her, and then returned to his seat.  He said that pilot was doing that on almost every run.  Talk about stress reduction!
  18. @ΝικοςΣοφικιτης-λ9φ: Yeahh…right
  19. @willpcs3453: Political discussion keeps you awake.
  20. @pppexplorer: What are the pilots doing during turbulence, especially if it gets severe?

- This One REALLY Upset Me…| Gulf Air flight 072: Kind: captions Language: en-GB - [Petter] Why, why would he have done something like this? - [GPWS] Pull up. - A couple of very bad decisions from the pilots, is sometimes all it takes to cause an aircraft disaster, at least, this is the way that the media portrays aircraft accidents, but is that really true? The story I will tell you today looks, from the onset, like exactly such a scenario, with almost unbelievable carelessness shown, but was it really that simple? Stay tuned. The flight crew, who would later find themselves in a true nightmare scenario, started that day at a hotel in Cairo, Egypt. The captain and first officer, who flew for the Middle Eastern carrier Gulf Air, had spent the previous night hanging out with other crew members, and, in the captain's case, also gambling at a local casino. And while the captain had stayed up until 3:00 am, their next flight wasn't due until the following afternoon, so he got plenty of sleep and reportedly woke up feeling well rested. The date was the 23rd of August, the year 2000, and their assigned trip on that day was Gulf Air's regular Flight 072 from Cairo over to the small island nation of Bahrain, located east of Saudi Arabia in the Persian Gulf. The aircraft that they were going to use was a nearly six-year-old Airbus A320, which was in a great technical condition with no significant faults recorded on it. The weather was also reported as great along the route, with warm temperatures and not a cloud in the sky, so the pilots would have been expecting a relatively straightforward flight as they were going through their pre-flight briefing. The commander of the flight was a 37-year-old captain of Bahrainian Nationality, who had accumulated 4,416 total hours over his six-year career as a pilot with Gulf Air. He had originally joined the company as a flight engineer cadet at the age of just 17 back in 1979, and he then spent several years as a flight engineer on the Lockheed L-1011 before being promoted to first officer in 1994. After that he was then transferred over to the Boeing 767 later that same year, and then further on to the Airbus A320 in 1998, back to the 767 in 1999, and then finally again back to the Airbus A320 in January of the year 2000. He was then promoted to captain on the Airbus A320 on June 17th that same year, but he subsequently took three weeks of vacation between July 30th and August 19th, so as a result he had only accumulated 86 hours as a pilot-in-command by the time of this flight. Most pilots who had flown with the captain described him favorably, but he had only narrowly passed his upgrade checkride back in April after receiving some poor grades on two different emergency maneuvers. Some pilots also said that he had a tendency towards overconfidence and occasionally reacted poorly to suggestions from his first officers. Speaking of which, working as his first officer on this day was a 25-year-old Omani National, who had only been flying the Airbus A320 for Gulf Air since April that same year, which meant that he had only accumulated a total of 608 hours. His training record was quite spotty, and, in fact, he had initially failed his Airbus A320 proficiency check back in October of 1999 after receiving D grades on seven different items, including VOR/DME approaches, normal landings, as well as automation technology. Captains who had flown with the first officer described him as timid, meek and slightly reserved, albeit keen to learn. And they also mentioned that he had shown some difficulty with handling unfamiliar situations, that he didn't ask clarifying questions and might hesitate to challenge the captain. One instructor had deliberately tested the first officer on that point by exceeding the taxi speed limits on purpose during a simulator session, just to see if the first officer would say something, but he didn't. It should also be mentioned that despite being very new to the job, the first officer already had a previous incident on his record. In January of 2000, while the first officer was undergoing line training under supervision, the aircraft he was flying had struck debris during takeoff from Abu Dhabi and was subsequently unable to pressurize. An internal Gulf Air investigation into that incident found that the flight crew displayed poor airmanship and awareness during the emergency, and the first officer ended up being sent for two days of remedial training because of this. Now, I want to really emphasize here that this is how an airline should react if knowledge deficiencies are found out. You see, providing extra training and then possibly following up with some extra line checks is standard procedures when a pilot has committed errors that weren't done on purpose. That really just forms part of a just culture where people shouldn't be punished if they've done something, but they didn't mean to. Anyway, despite the first officer's record, he had now been placed with a very new captain with little command experience and that would not happen at most major airlines today. Now, Gulf Air did have a probationary period for new captains, during which time they couldn't fly with inexperienced first officers, but this period originally lasted only 40 flights, and in 1999, the company had then cut that down even further to just 20 flights. So at the time of this flight, there were no restrictions on who this captain could fly with. Now, if it seems strange to you that Gulf Air would roll back a safety measure, you wouldn't be alone in thinking so. And to explain what was really going on here, we need to look a little bit closer at this airline, which I will soon do. But the truth is that they are far from the only ones rolling back safety features. Did you know that, for example, you are not getting the same internet experience as everyone else out there? The fact is that you are likely also paying different prices for stuff that you buy online, and you are definitely not getting the same search results, all because your behaviour is being tracked and used by all sorts of different companies out there and sometimes even sold. That is one of the many reasons I am so happy to have NordVPN as today's sponsor, and you should really check them out if you haven't already. I only allow sponsors that I use myself and that I think will benefit you, my audience. And in the case of NordVPN, that's because they help shield my data and avoid companies building profiles on me. Nord also offers powerful cybersecurity tools like their Threat Protection Pro, which blocks malicious websites, trackers and even warns me about sketchy pages before I even click on them. NordVPN have servers in over 60 different countries, making their servers super fast, which is great when you want to stream your favourite sports, shows and safely access your bank, for example, from basically everywhere. And like I said, I think of you guys when I accept these sponsorships, which is why Nord is offering my viewers four extra months for free when you use this QR code or go to nordvpn.com/pilot and sign up for their two-year plan. And you don't really risk anything since Nord always offers you a 30-day money-back guarantee. Thank you, Nord for helping us create these videos. Now let's get back to Gullf Air and their safety culture. Now, Gulf Air was originally a subsidiary of the British Overseas Airways Corporation, the forebearer to British Airways, until in 1973 when a majority stake was purchased jointly by the governments of Bahrain, Qatar, Oman and the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, which later became part of the UAE. The airline then acted as a joint flag carrier for all of those countries, with routes stretching from New York to Australia. Officially, the airline was registered in Oman, placing it under the authority of the Oman Directorate General of Civil Aviation and Meteorology, or DGCAM, while its chairmanship was rotated yearly between nationals of its stakeholder countries. During the 1990s, Gulf Air then started to encounter some financial difficulties, and that's where things started to take a very unfortunate turn. Records from the Oman DGCA show that, during this period, regulators sent numerous letters to Gulf Air concerning violations by the airline, many of which received no reply or was just inadequately corrected. Gulf Air was subsequently sanctioned, repeatedly for violations in areas ranging from flight operations, duty time limit exceedances, flight training and record keeping among many other things. And these sanctions included restrictions of its extended twin-engine operations, ETOPS authorization, revocation of its right to carry out three engine ferry flights on its four-engine Airbus A340s, as well as suspension of several flight crew licenses. DGCA inspectors assigned to Gulf Air noted that the airline had no crew resource management training program, no quality management program, no safety-awareness program and were also lacking several other critical items required under the Oman civil aviation regulations. Now not only was communication with Gulf Air on these issues drawn out and difficult, a later audit also found that the company expressed opposition to the existence of many of these regulations in the first place. In fact, during this time, instead of trying to comply, the company was actively reducing the number of safety programs that they had in place. For example, back in 1992, Gulf Air had started an in-house CRM training program in order to improve teamwork in the cockpit, but that was then discontinued in 1996 and replaced with nothing. The airline's human factors manager tried to organize a new CRM training program, but was totally unable to make any progress, so he just resigned, only for his replacement to come across the very same problem. Now, what all of this shows us is that Gulf Air's management seemed to have a really problematic attitude towards flight safety. And it looks like Gulf Air executives might have been viewing safety as a cost to be minimized instead of recognizing that safety programs like these tend to save money in the long term. As the saying goes, if you think safety is expensive, try having an accident. Now, in 1999, Oman then introduced a requirement for all airlines in the country to have CRM training programs, at which point, Gulf Air basically just complied and contracted a third party to implement one by May of 2000. But then a contractual dispute delayed its development, and by the time of this flight, the training still hadn't started yet. That meant that since both pilots of Flight 072 were trained ab initio in-house by Gulf Air, neither had ever received any real CRM training, which is a fact that is going to become super important to this story. But that wasn't the only crucial training that they had missed. Gulf Air also didn't include normal go-arounds in its recurrent simulator training program, nor did it provide pilots with continuous simulator training on how to respond to ground proximity warnings. And that's also worth remembering here. So overall, I would say that the quality of training that these pilots had received was probably a bit below the standard that should have been expected, and soon we will see the consequences of that. Back in Cairo, while the pilots were preparing their aircraft for departure, the six cabin crew oversaw the boarding of the flight's 135 passengers, eventually leading to a total of 143 souls on board. The flight was originally scheduled to depart at 1600 hours, local time, but the pilots only arrived to the aircraft shortly before that. The crew of the previous flight reported that the captain had seemed angry when he arrived, and that he had told them that they were late because some company ground personnel had told them to go to the wrong gate. As a result, the flight eventually departed 52 minutes late, pushing its expected arrival time to well past 1900, by which time it would be fully dark in Bahrain. Anyway, the pilots proceeded with setting up the aircraft and after a completely normal departure, the flight soon continued its climb up to its cruising altitude, and then proceeded uneventfully towards its destination, crossing over the Arabian Peninsula with the sun setting behind them. The captain was acting as the pilot flying, and the first officer as pilot monitoring for the whole flight, and there are no indications that anything out of the ordinary happened during the cruise phase of the flight. Eventually, though, Flight 072 started getting closer to the destination, and they began their descent, while within the Dammam Air Traffic Control Sector in Saudi Arabia. And this is where we will pick up the sequence of events at time 1921, as the aircraft descended through 14,000 feet. Dammam approach control soon cleared Flight 072 to proceed on its own discretion, directly towards the initial approach fix for Runway 12 at Bahrain International Airport, and the controller also told them to descend to 3,500 feet and to contact Bahrain approach. The first officer immediately read this back and then called up Bahrain approach to report their position. When the new controller heard this, he asked the flight to confirm that they had been cleared down to 3,500 feet, which was standard for the aircraft transitioning over from Dammam, but the captain had apparently misheard that previous clearance and told the first officer to report that they were only cleared to 7,000 feet, and the first officer did this without any type of protest. In response, the Bahrain controller simply again told them to continue their descent but somewhere around here, and possibly even before, Flight 072 had started to acquire some quite excessive indicated airspeed, well above 300 knots, which is something that would soon come to have a profound effect on what's about to happen. The final report isn't super clear about why this excessive speed was allowed to develop, but one possible contributing factor is that the captain misunderstood that previous clearance, which might have caused him to descend too slowly at first, only to then pitch down and allow the speed to build up in order to catch up with their intended descent profile. It is also possible that the direct-to clearance that they had received earlier towards the final approach fix had cut down their available track miles and therefore, led them to be high. In any case, there were no operational or ATC-related reason why such a high speed would be necessary, since there was no other traffic in the area and plenty of space available to descend. Instead, it seems likely that the captain might have deliberately used a higher than normal speed here in a misguided attempt to make up for being late, and/or to impress his brand new first officer. In fact, during the descent, the captain had tried to show off his ability to quickly set up the navigational system for the approach, without the first officer even noticing which he then bragged about. Anyway, this excessive speed was then maintained down below 10,000 feet, where a speed limit of 250 knots would normally be enforced in most parts of the world. But Bahrain didn't have any official speed limit at low altitudes. And whilst most airlines enforced its 250-knot limit internally, anyway, even in countries that doesn't really formally require it, Gulf Air had no such policy. Technically, the pilots were supposed to check with air traffic control before flying faster than 250 knots anyway, but that didn't happen. Instead, the flight was now cleared down to 1,500 feet, and at time 19:25, the captain started maneuvering to intercept the final approach fix for the non-precision VOR/DME approach to Bahrain's Runway 12. A VOR/DME approach uses a very high-frequency omni-directional range radio beacon to define the approach course which the pilots then can use and track with their instruments to align precisely for the runway. The VOR doesn't provide vertical guidance like an instrument landing system does, so instead the pilots will track their distance from the airport's distance-measuring equipment or DME, and then start their descent at predetermined distances according to the approach charts. In bad weather, a VOR/DME is less precise than an ILS and can therefore, be a bit trickier to fly, especially in bad weather. But on this day, the weather wasn't an issue at all, since the visibility was almost unlimited. According to the approach chart for this particular approach, Flight 072 would need to use the VOR to align with the runway at a minimum distance of nine nautical miles from the DME station and at a platform height of 1,500 feet. In this case, the DME station was situated two nautical miles beyond the far end of the airport, so if you want to compare DME distances to the remaining track miles to the runway, you have to subtract two. Now that's not super important for this story, but just something that I wanted to mention in order to avoid some confusion as we continue. After aligning with the VOR at 9 DME, the chart called for level flight at 1,500 feet until reaching 7 DME, at which point, the pilots could initiate a steady descent down towards the runway. According to Gulf Air's standard operating procedures, when flying a non-precision approach like this, the pilots had to configure the aircraft fully for landing before reaching the final approach fix, which in this case was that 7 DME point. Since non-precision approaches are generally more complicated to fly and require more focus, most airlines at the time had this SOP to enable the pilots to fully focus on the navigation once the descent was initiated. For the Airbus A320, that meant that the flaps needed to be set to full, the landing gear needed to be down and in this case, they also needed to maintain an altitude of 1,500 feet prior to the fix. On top of that, the indicated speed could not be more than five knots below or 10 knots above the calculated approach speed, which for Flight 072 was set at 136 knots. If these parameters were met, well then the approach would have been allowed to continue, at least down until something that we refer to as the approach gate. Under the Stabilized Approach Concept, an approach is considered stabilized if, upon reaching the approach gate, the aircraft is in the landing configuration, the thrust levers are set correctly, the speed, course and altitude are correct, and only minor control inputs would be needed in order to land in the touchdown zone. At Gulf Air, that approach gate for a VOR/DME approach was at 1,000 feet above the runway, which would normally be reached at just above 5 DME on this particular approach, meaning about three miles from the runway. Now the correct thing to do is to go around if the company's stabilized approach criteria can't be met by the approach gate, but Gulf Air's manuals just said that the pilots should consider going around in that scenario, which seems to imply, improperly of course, that the pilots had a choice to continue instead. Anyway, we don't know exactly how much that particular issue had any influence here, but what we do know is that it should have been obvious from a very early stage that this particular approach would not be stabilized by 1,000 feet. During the descent, the captain extended the speed brakes a couple of times in order to try and slow the aircraft down, but he didn't use them to their fullest extent. By the time the pilots had intercepted the landing course at 9 DME, they were still at 1,873 feet, instead of the required 1,500 feet, and their airspeed was still at an absolutely insane 313 knots. At that point, the correct thing to do would have been to request a nice big 360-degree orbit, or a holding pattern, or maybe even some radar vectors, and then they would have been able to use those extra track miles to properly slow down and descend to the correct altitude. If that would have been done, that might have added another five minutes or so to the flight, but that would have been it. But the captain didn't want to do that. In fact, these pilots never even discussed that possibility. Instead, the captain simply extended the speed brakes again and continued barreling onwards without saying anything about how he was going to deal with the situation. One of the consequences of flying at such high speeds is that the timeline where you need to act and do things during the approach becomes really, really compressed, and that can make it really easy to fall behind the aircraft and therefore, make the situation even more complicated. The first officer's job here, since he was pilot monitoring, should have been to point out that the approach was unlikely to succeed and suggest an alternative course of action, or at least express that he was uncomfortable with what he was seeing. But this poor first officer who, remember, had no CRM training to teach him strategies for speaking up, just remained silent. In fact, at no point during this flight did the first officer do anything except respond to instructions from the captain and read checklist items. He never provided any original input, and the captain never really asked for any either. That left the captain basically flying solo, which is not what you want in the type of high workload situation that can develop when you're too fast on approach, as we will soon see. Anyway, as Flight 072 approached the final approach fix at 7DME, the captain now instructed the first officer to report that they were established on the VOR/DME approach, and when he did, the Bahrain approach controller responded by handing them over to the tower controller, who immediately cleared the aircraft to land. The first officer read this back and Flight 072 now passed the final approach fix at 7DME, which meant that the captain could start descending At this point, the plane was NOT in the approach configuration at all. The landing gear had just been extended, but the captain was only calling for flaps one, and their airspeed was at 224 knots, and their altitude at 1,678 feet, so still almost 200 feet too high. The Airbus A320 has five flap settings, starting with zero, meaning retracted, one, two, three, and full, where flaps full was normally used for landing in Gulf Air. But each flap stage must be selected below a certain indicated speed, because at higher speeds, the aerodynamic pressure on the flaps could otherwise be too great. That's why the crew had been unable to extend the flaps to the landing position before reaching the final approach fix, and they were now in a position where it was impossible to configure fully for landing before reaching the approach gate, since there just wasn't enough time left to slow down. Instead, as the flight approached 1,000 feet, the captain announced that he was now visual with the airfield, and therefore, in his mind, he had switched from an instrument approach to a visual approach. You see when flying visually with the runway in sight, the approach gate can be brought down to 500 feet instead of 1,000 feet, so he likely tried to just buy himself some extra time here by using that rule. But at this point, the airspeed was still at 207 knots, over 70 knots too high, and the flaps were still only in position one. The captain announced that they had to be stabilized by 500 feet, and he then ordered the first officer to select flaps two. But within the next 15 seconds, he finally started to realize the inevitable, and at time 19:27 he declared, "We're not going to make it." Of course, this was a very unsurprising conclusion, something that he could have very easily avoided by slowing down further out or asking for more track miles, but his overconfidence had now led him to this crossroad. And to be perfectly honest here, most pilots have been in similar situations at some time during the career. I definitely know that I have. Standard procedure at this point would have been to just execute a normal go around, which, for this approach, was as simple as just to climb straight ahead, following the runway heading to 2,500 feet, and then return to the start of the approach for another attempt. But instead of doing that, the captain just allowed his descent to continue for a short period while he decided on a proper course of action. And then he disconnected the autopilot, turned off the flight directors, to request a 360-degree left orbit. Now it has to be emphasized here that once you have passed the only permitted manoeuvre are to either continue for landing, go around, or possibly circuit to land on the reciprocal runway if that has been pre-briefed. An orbit on final approach is not standard practice, and should not be attempted since visual maneuvers outside of the ones that I just mentioned must be conducted above the minimum safe altitude, which in this case was 1,500 feet. And in most cases, airlines have even more stringent rules about 360s than that. Now the reason for this is that it's just plain risky to do something like this since it normally just destabilizes the approaches even further. And most transport aircraft aren't really designed to perform complex manoeuvres in full landing configuration either. So all around this was a pretty bad idea. Now the first officer should have spoken up here and said something like hey, I think we should just go around, and if he would have done that, it is likely that the captain would have listened to him. You see, we captains can sometimes get very deep into the get-there-itis, and we actually appreciate when the pilot monitoring speaks up and offers a voice of reason. But instead, this first officer just continued to say nothing, and the captain, therefore, started to execute a fully manual 360-degree orbit on final approach on a moonless night, partially over water, at less than 600 feet above the ground. Now, I want to stop here and ask a really important question. Why do you think a pilot would choose to do something like this? Why would he disregard rules, regulations, and plain common sense? Well, the answer, it turns out, is that there are several factors that can lead to intentional non-compliance with SOPs and rules, and all of them were in play here. Now, of course, the captain's history of overconfidence and penchant for showing off may have predisposed him to take risks. After all, he was new to his role, and he may have felt a bit embarrassed about his failure to stabilize the approach under these nearly perfect weather and visibility conditions. In such situations, a go-around can feel like admitting to failure, which can be difficult to do for some people. But studies have also shown that pilots can intentionally deviate from SOPs if everybody does it, or if the SOP is not perceived as realistic. In other words, it's part of the company culture. Or they might also do it in an attempt to optimize things like time, fuel consumption, or workload. Now, the violation for any of these reasons become more likely under four main conditions: first, the expectation that the rule will have to be bent in order to get the job done; secondly, high confidence in one's ability to accomplish the task; third, the presence of opportunities to do things more efficiently than the procedure allows; and fourth, inadequate planning, forcing problem-solving on the fly. And as it turns out, all of these risk factors were present here. First of all, according to air traffic controllers, some Gulf Air flights had occasionally done orbits on final approach in the past, so the captain was probably aware that there were informal precedents for doing this. Secondly, an orbit instead of doing a go-around would obviously save both time and fuel. And third, the crew had not recently discussed the go-around procedure or what criteria they would need in order to go around, so in other words, insufficient planning. There was no trace on the cockpit voice recorder of a proper briefing, but of course, the recording was only 30 minutes long, so it could have happened earlier. Anyway, what I think is, by far, the most important external factor here was the company culture. You see, whilst the Gulf Air insisted that no pilots were ever to be punished for going around from an unstable approach, they still required pilots to submit a report about the reason for the go-around if they did one. Not only was this extra paperwork probably pretty annoying to do, but it also led to the perception among some Gulf Air pilots that the airline viewed go-arounds unfavorably. And that, right there, is absolutely unacceptable. Anytime pilots develop that impression, even if they're wrong, the airline needs to take clear and unambiguous action to dispel those type of worries, because when pilots feel pressure not to go around, they will start taking risks to avoid them. So if you imagine yourself in the captain's shoes here, you've just messed up this approach by flying too fast for no real reason, and you're now un-stabilized, but if you go around, you'll have to submit paperwork explaining to your boss why you couldn't land on a nice long runway with unlimited visibility, minimal wind and no other traffic, and a perfectly-functioning aircraft. So why subject yourself to all of that when you could just do an orbit instead to get back on track and just land? Does it make a little bit more sense to you now? Yeah. Anyway, one way that the airlines can prevent this kind of thing is by monitoring flight data over their fleet for unusual signals or exceedances of certain parameters. This is called a flight data monitoring program, and it can be super useful to detect when pilots are routinely violating SOPs in situations that wouldn't otherwise be reported. Those kind of programs allows airlines to identify the root causes of violations and change their policies in order to incentivize the correct actions. But Gulf Air's flight data monitoring program only existed on paper. The airline had even purchased its planes with quick access data recorders installed to facilitate this kind of monitoring, but they had never been turned on. So this is basically a great example of how airline policies and culture can play a huge role in pilot decision making and explain why certain seemingly inexplicable decisions are taken. Anyway, in the Bahrain control tower, a trainee controller was operating the tower position under supervision when Flight 072 called up to request that orbit. At this point, Flight 072 had not reported that they were visual, so as far as the controller knew, they were still flying the VOR approach, where such a maneuver was definitely not allowed. So strictly speaking, the controller should have denied this request and just ordered their flights to execute a go-round instead. But both the trainee controller and his supervisor didn't really recognize the problem and instead just approved the request for that 360 turn. So the captain now finally started turning left to begin the orbit, while positioned just 0.9 nautical miles short of the runway threshold, which is just insane. At this point, their altitude was still 584 feet, with an airspeed of 177 knots, meaning that they were still over 100 feet too high and 40 knots too fast. As the captain held the plane in the turn, he told the first officer to first select flaps two, then flaps three and then finally flaps full, and after having done that, the first officer called out that the landing checklist was now complete. The captain was now flying the plane manually in full high-drag landing configuration, which was quite difficult because even the fly-by-wire Airbus A320 doesn't handle very well with full flaps in level flight and in a turn. And to make matters even worse, Bahrain Airport is located on a small island in the Persian Gulf, so as the left turn progressed, the airplane soon passed over the airport and out over the water, which was pitch black, since the sun had set and the moon hadn't yet risen. Since the captain had to turn off the autopilot and the flight directors, he was now flying visually, and he soon found himself forced to glance back and forth between his instruments and out the window in search for a reference point. The flight data shows that he was having difficulty controlling the plane in both roll and pitch, and he might have started to become disoriented already at this point. During the orbit, their altitude fluctuated wildly from as low as 332 feet to as high as 965 feet, and they repeatedly exceeded the normal 25 degree- maximum bank angle, reaching a maximum of 36 degrees of left bank. In the tower, the controllers were somewhat concerned by Flight 072's erratic flight path, but as the flight neared the runway center line, the tower reissued the landing clearance anyway. At that moment, the first officer declared, "Runway in sight," as the airport lights became visible again off to their left. And when catching sight of the lights, the captain instinctively leveled the wings in order to regain his bearings and determine his position relative to the runway, but he did so way too early. The airplane was now flying almost 90 degrees off the approach course, soon passing abeam the runway threshold, which was near their 10 o'clock position. The captain started cursing and announced, "We overshot it!" at which point he resumed the left turn and also started pushing the thrust up. Clicking his tongue in frustration, he then told the first officer to call the tower up and announce that they were now finally going around. At the time the go around was initiated, the captain was probably already somewhat disoriented and definitely quite stressed, not only by the difficulty of the maneuver, but likely also by his failure to achieve the intended goal. So far, everything the captain had tried only seemed to make their situation worse, and now that he had finally decided to bail out, he found himself doing so from a highly abnormal position. When we humans are under a lot of stress, the likelihood of making errors increases significantly, and sometimes, those errors compound making the situation more stressful, which makes errors even more likely until things start to spiral completely out of control. And that is exactly what now happened over the coming 55 seconds. Now during a go-around, the pilot should apply go-around thrust, pitch up to about 15 degrees, retract the flaps to position three, verify positive climb and then retract the landing gear. These are memory items, so the pilots needs to know them by heart. But in this case, not only did Gulf Air pilots not practice normal go-arounds in recurrent simulator training, the high stress and their unusual position relative to the runway would likely have made it more difficult for the pilots to recall those memory items while still trying to maneuver the aircraft. Initially, the captain started pulling back on his sidestick, reaching a pitch-up of almost 14 degrees, but instead of holding it there, he then started steadily, likely instinctively, pitching the nose back down again, below 10 degrees as he continued the left hand turn. Meanwhile, he also called for go-around flaps, and at the same time, in response to the first officer's go-around call, the tower asked if they would like radar vectors back for another approach. The captain answered yes, and the first officer replied as such, whilst also moving the flap lever back to position three like the captain had asked for. The captain then also called for the gear to be retracted and the first officer complied, but the aircraft still continued turning left, past the runway centerline, instead of following the published go-around procedure, which was to follow the runway heading straight ahead. We don't know why that happened, but it might have been in anticipation of the imminent radar vectors back onto the approach, or the captain was now getting so task-saturated that he was missing that the aircraft was still turning. At the same time, he kept applying subtle, probably subconscious forward pressure on his sidestick, causing the nose to slowly drop towards six degrees, way below the go around pitch attitude of 15 degrees. It's worth noting here that during a go around with the flight director engaged, the flight director overlay on the primary flight display would have indicated the target pitch angle of 15 degrees, but because he had turned the flight directors off during the orbit, there was now no target pitch shown. Most likely the captain was not even aware that he was making these nose down inputs, because he would have been focused on turning the plane and calling for the go-around configuration. And what happens when an aircraft starts pitching down with go-around thrust set? Yes, it starts accelerating. Now, in a disoriented state, an increase in forward acceleration can feel very similar to an increase in pitch, and that's because both forces push you in the same direction relative to your seat, basically back into it. And the vestibular system in our inner ears cannot determine the difference between those two feelings. The only way that our brains have in order to separate these two feelings is by outside visual references like a horizon or the attitude indicator. This type of sensory confusion is called a somatogravic illusion, and it has caused several accidents over the years involving pitch down inputs during a go-around. So in this case, as the captain became more stressed and task saturated by this complex series of maneuvers, he also started to become more susceptible to the effects of somatogravic illusion. As the engines spooled up to TO/GA thrust, the low pitch angle resulted in more and more acceleration, which would have also added to that illusion with each passing second. The first officer now made the standard positive climb and gear up call outs, and at the exact same moment he did so, the controller instructed them to fly on heading 300 degrees and also to climb to 2,500 feet. correctly read this back, and the captain asked him to repeat the heading, which he also did. The first officer then asked whether they should turn right or left to the captain, but the captain just did not respond. In fact, he had now started to level the plane off on a heading of 040 degrees instead of the cleared 300 degrees. Just two seconds later, before anyone could clarify the situation, a continuous repetitive chime suddenly started blaring, warning the pilots that the plane was now exceeding the maximum speed of 185 knots for flaps in position three. The first officer exclaimed that they were over the speed limit, and as he did that, the tower instructed them to now contact Bahrain approach again. The first officer read this back, but the captain just let out a swear word. He was likely now far down the stress cone. As all of this was happening, the aircraft proceeded out beyond the limits of Bahrain Airport and towards the pitch black Persian Gulf. And that suddenly meant that the captain would now only see a complete blackness outside of his windows. Within two seconds after this loss of visual references, he now started pushing forward even more on his sidestick, causing the nose to rapidly drop below the horizon until it reached a terrifying minus 15 degrees, the maximum pitch down allowed by the Airbus A320's flight envelope protections. The timing here was not coincidental, as the loss of visual references greatly increases the effects of somatogravic illusion. Now, he still had his instruments working in front of him, but he doesn't seem to have looked much at those. As this was occurring, the first officer called out, "Speed checks, flaps three," and the captain replied by ordering, "Flaps up." So he was still there, somewhat, even though he obviously weren't handling the aircraft correctly. But then, the stress rose even further, when the ground proximity warning system, the GPWS, suddenly realized the aircraft's ground closure rate and started calling out, - Sink rate. - Followed by several... - [GPWS] Pull up! Now, the only correct way to respond to this particular warning is to immediately pull the nose up as far as the flight envelope protections would allow, make sure that the thrust is set fully forward and that the speed brakes are retracted. But here, none of the pilots reacted to it at all. So, what was going on? Well, the final report actually used a great analogy to help us understand that. You see, you have to think of the human brain as a one-channel processor. It can only handle so many things at a time before it reaches capacity, and then nothing new can get through. In situations of extreme stress where many different stimuli are coming at us in a short period of time, the brain can engage in what's known as load shedding, in which it simply stops processing certain stimuli according to an instinctive hierarchy of importance. In many cases, audio processing, hearing, is one of the first things to go, which is why sounds can feel muffled or dull during moments of extreme panic, fear or confusion. So most likely, as more and more stress factors piled onto the captain, he actually lost his ability to perceive new auditory stimuli, which physically prevented him from hearing the ground proximity warnings. This type of situation can be prevented by rigorously drilling in the response to GPWS warnings, the terrain-escape maneuver in a simulator, since doing that retrains this subconscious brain to give those warnings a higher priority. But of course, Gulf Air hadn't provided a sufficient amount of that type of training for these pilots. Now the first officer's workload was much lower here, since he wasn't responsible for hand flying the airplane, so it's hard to believe that he was so overloaded that he couldn't hear those warnings. But because Gulf Air didn't provide ongoing training on either GPWS response or flap overspeed situations, it's possible that the first officer just didn't really know which of these warnings presented a greater threat. Overspeeding the flaps isn't really a direct safety threat, but if he thought that it was, well then he would have faced a tough choice on deciding which warning to address first. That choice was made for him though, because the captain remained focused on the overspeed warning, and in fact, as the first officer called out, "Gears up!" and started to mention the flaps, the captain now called flaps all the way, still with the GPWS blaring in the background. When the confused and unassertive first officer saw the captain address the flap issue first, it's likely that he didn't even question whether this was the highest priority. He, again, just accepted it. Now he probably didn't believe that his captain could fly the aircraft straight down into the water, but, in fact, that's exactly what was now happening. And by failing to intervene and prompt the captain, or possibly even to take over the controls, the fate of this aircraft was now sealed. In the final seconds, the captain started pitching up slightly, but this was most likely a reaction to the captain's own disorientation rather than to the GPWS warnings. The last word on the cockpit voice recorder was the first officer announcing that flaps zero had been set, and then it was all over. Two seconds later, with nose down pitch at six degrees and an airspeed of 282 knots, Flight 072 slammed into the Persian Gulf, completely destroying the airplane and all 143 souls on board were instantly lost. In the aftermath of this accident, it would have been easy for the investigators to write it off as yet another case of crew spatial disorientation during a go-around. There have since been several tragic accidents of this type, where a pilot becomes disoriented and makes nose-down inputs during a go-around, including, but not limited to, flydubai Flight 981 in 2016, Tatarstan Airways Flight 363 from 2013 and Armavia Flight 967 back in 2006, which I have previously shown on this channel. But to the investigators' credit, this investigation examined not only all of the factors that led to the flight crew's loss of situational and spatial awareness, but also the reasons behind the bad decisions that got them there in the first place. Intentional deviations from SOPs can seem, in the moment, like a good idea, but it's normally very hard to accurately assess the risks associated with leaving the safety net that those procedures provide, especially in situations where the margins are already thin, like during a landing or a go-around. Once we stop operating inside of those defined procedures, we risk getting ourselves into very complex and unanticipated situations that might exceed our ability, no matter how skilled we believe ourselves to be. But what this investigation clearly showed was that this was much more complex than just pilot's disregarding rules. Nobody violates this many SOPs in a vacuum. It was found that Gulf Air had contributed to this accident by ignoring and even eliminating training programs that would have helped the first officer to speak up, encouraged the pilots to maintain a more sensible airspeed, eased the captain's go-around decision and improved the pilot's response to the flap overspeed and GPWS warnings. The airline also failed to implement policies that could have avoided the pairing of two weak and inexperienced pilots together, as well as programs that could have monitored their own flight operations to find any worrying trends. In the aftermath of the accident, several key personnel at Gulf Air and the Oman DGCA resigned and contractors were brought in to help, overall, the airline's entire safety culture. Gulf Air temporarily suspended its instructor appointment and its ab initio training program in order to make major improvements to both processes, and the airline also introduced CRM training, more training on go-arounds, new procedures related to speed management and the stabilised approach concept, as well as visual maneuvering. They also moved to ensure that pilots would no longer perceive pressure to avoid go-arounds and they installed an Airbus-approved modification that causes the flight director to automatically re-engage when go-around mode is activated. The anti-safety mindset that once plagued Gulf Air's top management was purged during several periods of leadership turnover, which involved a major scaling back of the company's operations as all countries except Bahrain rescinded their joint ownership. Gulf Air still exists today as the flag carrier of Bahrain, but since the tragedy of Flight 072, it hasn't had any more serious accidents. Now if you liked this story, then you should definitely watch this video next and make sure that you also follow us on Spotify and join us on Patreon. I would love to see you in my next hangout. My name is Petter Hörnfeldt and you're watching Mentour Pilot. Have an absolutely fantastic day and I'll see you next time. Bye bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MentourPilot [179 likes]: Get an exclusive NordVPN deal here ➼  https://nordvpn.com/pilot It’s risk-free with Nord’s 30-day money-back guarantee!
  2. @MrTomo4415 [1 likes]: I know this might seem like an odd comment but exactly this is happening in the Ambulance Service. Inexperienced Paramedics working with even more inexperienced lesser trained staff. Recipe for disaster
  3. @lisat9802 [1 likes]: Seriously what the actual hell.  This guy is nuts.  Should not be flying period.
  4. @joalmeria891: Pride before the fall
  5. @ShawnStaats-lg3we: I’ve been obsessed with aviation since I was a child.   
Since becoming very interested in these videos , I’ve been wanting to ask a question to any real pilots out there .

What is it like having to switch from flying a Boeing to an AirBus or vice versa?

Is the transaction smooth , or difficult? 
Especially for older pilots that I assume would be more  instinctive after have flown maybe a MD80 as an example, then switching to a newer aircraft, whether it be a Boeing or AirBus .   
Or in this case . And L1011 and a B767., to an A320?

I can see why it would be necessary to get experience with different aircraft.    

But is that too much overload for a pilot , outside of basics?
I can see how it’s beneficial to an Airline Company.
I can also see how it can have its advantages to a pilot as well.
But my question is solely based on piloting . Especially when situations unfold.
It seems that in disastrous cases , there are a number of factors involved that could have been prevented.
It seems as if there is that one crucial mistake that leads to a chain of events and mistakes that could have been prevented, in cases where Pilot error is the main cause.
Ultimately it’s the Captains responsibility for the lives on that aircraft.   
So how does the transition effect the Captains ability to oversee and manage his first Officer based on do’s and don’t?

I’d really like for real actual pilots to give their perspective on this.

Also , wanted to say how much I appreciate these videos.
The detail and perspective given here are incredible.
They definitely satisfy my curiosity , pertaining to the tragic events.   
This is the type of detail the families and loved ones deserve to know.
Along with everyone else that’s involved with aviation. 
From Pilots, ATC staff, and those of us who fly with them.
  6. @TheMrCheezlezombie: Seems like there are A LOT of lazy worthless pilots. Seems like almost every single accident you cover is a human error and laziness. Which is funny because we knew a couple pilots when i was a kid and they were the laziest people i have ever met to this day and complete alcoholics. Two of the rudest people i remember from child hood too.
  7. @Cah1188cah: Dude, YouTube adds on top of your ads within the video are way too much. I'm 4 minutes in and there's been 3 ads. That's insane.
  8. @UnknownUser-j3n: Regarding your sponsor, what about all the sites that disallow you from entering for using a vpn?
  9. @Carbuniche: "if you think safety is expensive, try having an accident" is a bar
  10. @Paellain: The flight was from Barcelona-Dusseldorf. Not Dusseldolf-Barcelona.

The Captain was Patrick Sondenheimer, age 34.
The First Officer was Andreas Lubitz, age 27.

Lubitz was depressed, but this was not the issue. 99% of the depressed do not commit murder. 
The flight was a murder-suicide, so he was not just depressed, he was an ASPD.

An antissocial who commited murder. That's it.

The issue of depression is present on pilots today, because they are subject to heavy workloads, routine and almost no sleep.

100% of the pilots are just there to transport you from A to B. ASPD like Lubitz never belonged at the controls.
  11. @fishhead_productions: "Thank You for Flying Half-Ass Airways. Whatever... You're Dead Now"!
  12. @fishhead_productions: Were these guys DEI hires? They both BARELY passed... I would not have felt comfortable with them as the flight crew!
  13. @tomhutchins7495: Your description of audio input being channelled out during stress was spot on.  In the last few years I started playing recreational ice hockey, and in game situations I barely hear anything.  Between tracking and anticipating the movements of a puck and 9 other skaters, plus remembering my own positioning and working out where to go, I get completely saturated.  It’s remarkable though because hearing returns as soon as the whistle blows or I’m not directly in the play, so it clearly is an attention overload rather than just a noisy environment.
  14. @ANewWorldAi: Don’t do that again! You’re Fired................posthumously.
  15. @NuttSakk: 27:55 ha, "plane" common sense
  16. @tomvanthuyne: Did this plane had 4 of 5 flaps settings?
  17. @Katvoet006: Why in the video when the left bank began for the 360 turn was the QNH still set to 1013? Just curious. 🧐 I’m not trying to make a fuss. I just want to know. 33:34
  18. @marktrewartha9512: Ai shit.
  19. @R4J4X: As a Muslim it makes my blood boil. How these arrogant fools are given such responsibilities which they ain’t capable of handling. So many souls gone forever. Families gone. All because of two daft captains & one cowboy airline. It makes me angry and sick! Them poor families. The terror all because of 2 individuals. Hope the captain is held fully responsible in this life and the next! Pathetic!
  20. @renarddegaulle1204: How were Gulf Air allowed to continue operating with such a large list of serious of violations?

- The Uphill Climb - A Pilot Documentary on Indian Toxic Parenting: Kind: captions Language: en-IN People are not aware of the fundamental rights of every single child. The child which is below 10yrs can't understand, what is the law ? what are their fundamental rights ? There should be proper care which should be started from their primary hood . First of all, the bonding between the couples should be established first. Then the children. Until and unless the bond is established How can there be an integrated unit to take care of the children ? There should be an age and maturity to have a child. Their pressure and stress cant be put in a child That will come under abuse of children So, many of the broken relationships that we see The parents relationship is having an impact on their life Maybe their relationship with their spouse or their sexual relationship with their spouse any other emotional relationship with the spouse All these can be affected by their childhood trauma where they would have seen a very traumatic parents where they keep quarrelling maybe physically, verbally, emotionally All these things would impact the child's future Discipline is something which should be followed in school and institutions Discipline should be needed but discipline is not life at all There is a need for love and affection in every family Parenting is an art and parenting gives a lot significance in the development of any personality. All people are running behind the success. But that running behind success should not put pressure on the children Success is something else and Life is something else All successful people are not happy with their lives. Most of the time, when the children are behaving odd or eccentric. Most of the time it is the reflection on their parents Most of the time we land up counselling the parents rather than children when there is behavioral disturbances. What we learn in the household will be passed on to the next generation There should be proper education, proper shelter and food. We always think our children should be like us Or our children should be something which we dreamt but we have not achieved That is wrong Let children have their own dreams And let us encourage them to achieve those dreams

  Top Comments:
  1. @sunithaar141 [3 likes]: Sper
  2. @shruthisatheesan3503 [2 likes]: Knowing the amount of hard work and sleepless nights went into making this wonderful documentary, I hope this reaches as many people as possible and becomes a beacon of change. <3
Great work you guyssss
  3. @sunilmys9559 [2 likes]: Super my boss Harish advocate ❤️👍🙏
  4. @mohamedafrid3302 [2 likes]: 💯💯💯💯
  5. @vinurajan.5945 [1 likes]: Very good video, keep doing 👍🏼
  6. @atulwarier3686 [1 likes]: ❤️
  7. @kili__1111 [1 likes]: 👌👏
  8. @ambikaks2634 [1 likes]: 👏👏
  9. @akshay2918 [1 likes]: Nice work
  10. @crazy-kk4zg [1 likes]: Nice video
  11. @HariRavindran353 [1 likes]: Awesome work ⚡
  12. @vinayavinaya5455 [1 likes]: Well said💯 and great work✨
  13. @dharunvinayak334 [1 likes]: 👌👌
  14. @aswiniraj99 [1 likes]: Great work guys! ❤️💯
  15. @alfasjahangeer7825 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤

- What It's Really Like Being Married to a Commercial Airline Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it's Jen LaForge welcome to joyful living today I'm gonna be giving you this straight scoop on what it's like to be married to an airline pilot and I'm really glad that you're here so over the years I have been asked so many questions by people who are so curious about what the day-to-day life is like when you are married to an airline pilot and I feel super-confident making this video because not only am i married to a commercial airline pilot that I also was raised by a pilot my dad worked for Continental Airlines for years and actually prior to my birth my mom was a flight attendant for Pan Am so aviation is kind of in my blood so although I feel like I'm an expert on kind of the aviation spouse lifestyle I really don't know what to compare it to because literally this is all I've ever known so I'm gonna do my best to kind of explain it to you guys but I want to say at the outset for the most part our lives are just like anybody else's lives you know we've we've been raising our kids and we have to take care of our house and we have to pay our bills I might get frustrated about you know our mortgage and how expensive our car insurance is with three young adults but let's not get into that right now today I just kind of want to cover the basics of kind of how the aviation lifestyle is a little different it might help you maybe the next time you're on a flight and you look at that pilot or that flight attendant and think about how their life is and how they're just like you and how some things are different than how you live but also it might help inform your decision if you're thinking of going into aviation and I know I have a lot of young people that watch that talk to me about you know I would love to be a pilot so if that's you pay attention because I'm gonna give you the straight skinny on the good and the bad of the aviation life so let's start with the good because I always like to start with the positive we have been able to travel all over the world we have had a fabulous life together although my husband is frequently working on weekends he's oftentimes off for big chunks of time sometimes a week at a time we have a lot of fun together and we've always had a very flexible life and for that I am very grateful the the positive is for the most part and I'll get into that a little bit later he has made a very good living and although you know I worked until just recently we have been able to afford to own our own home and you know all of those kinds of things and again I'll get into the we're not super rich part a little later on but you know it does pay well the perks of the job are great and the biggest plus is my husband loves flying airplanes it is his biggest dream and joy in his life and he loves going to work and as his spouse I can't imagine him doing anything else so those are all very positive things of the aviation life there are however a few drawbacks and the biggest one I think is our schedule we do have some flexibility with our schedule but a couple of things to keep in mind Scott frequently works weekends and he frequently works holidays so we're talking Christmas my birthday his birthday the kids birthdays Thanksgiving fourth of July in fact he was just off on the fourth of July for the first time when I don't remember when you can certainly request those days off but everything in the aviation world is based on your seniority and now finally after almost 20 years with his airline he is starting to get enough seniority to get some of those days off especially in the beginning good luck and so as the spouse and as the person who works in aviation there needs to be an understanding of this sort of flexibility around days off and what that can look like it can be a challenge when it comes to making and keeping friends because you can't always buy theater tickets you can't really plan a trip out of town you absolutely get vacation but that has to be requested like a year in advance and again whether or not you're awarded certain vacation is all based on your seniority so it can be kind of frustrating especially you know we tried to do things like plan cruises and things like that and we've been very lucky and Scott has actually been off most Christmases you know we've usually been able to figure out vacations but you know my kids knew from a very young age that Santa Claus also works on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day so he of course understands the the kids of pilots and flight crews sometimes have to celebrate Christmas on the 23rd or the 27th and he actually has a whole special group that go out and do those deliveries so that the kids of flight crews in aviation as well as first responders and doctors and everybody else that has to work on the holiday that they're going to get taken care of so you don't have to celebrate Christmas on December 25th for it still to be amazing but sometimes especially looking in from the outside that's a little odd and we have had friends who just kind of don't understand why Scott can't guarantee he can get off on a particular day in fact he won't even know his schedule for the following month until the middle of the previous month so I just found out his August schedule a couple of days ago so you you really do have to be flexible now the upside to that is and my mom would tell me this when I was growing up okay your dad may not be off on a Saturday and a Sunday but he's frequently home when you get home from school on Wednesday and it does enable you know flight crew families to sometimes be there when other moms and dads can't be there so it's not all bad but you do need to understand you have to have a very flexible schedule and that it will not be a conventional work schedule the other thing that people kind of have a little bit of a misperception about is the fact that we fly for free this is a perk that I have enjoyed many many times but the thing you need to understand about flying for free is that your flying space available and I don't know if you have traveled much lately but flights don't go out with a lot of empty seats so although we can fly for free if we have an important family vacation if I have a race that I'm traveling to or some other event that I know I have to be there on a particular date I am far more likely to purchase my tickets you know Jerry Seinfeld says they call it standby because you stand in the airport and waved bye to people who have tickets so if you've ever flown standby and had one of those days I was once in the Vegas Airport for like 22 hours trying to get a flight out there is no guarantee that you're going to get to your destination ever so it can be very discouraging and certainly during certain times of the year we are going to purchase tickets this would include most of summer vacation Spring Break Thanksgiving Christmas especially if all five of us are traveling I'm going to be buying tickets and that might be post-traumatic stress disorder from growing up as the daughter of an airline pilot because so many times we were trying to go on vacation and it just didn't happen because we couldn't get on a particular flight so that can be very frustrating so it's not quite as jet set E as it might seem but having said that it is a perk that I've enjoyed we also through my husband's airline have the ability to purchase of confirmed seats at a discount and I have utilized that many many times so you know it's not all bad but it's also not quite as fantastic as it may seem on face value another thing that I get asked about a lot and and this one actually cracks me up because we had a babysitter years ago and I worked full-time the whole time Scott was flying until just recently now that I'm kind of semi-retired and she said you know I always thought airline pilots were really really wealthy and you guys just seemed normal and I laughed for like a good hour at that because anyone who's watching this whose spouse is an airline pilot will tell you we don't make nearly as much money as you think we do it is a comfortable life I am NOT going to say you know there are a lot of people out there that work so hard and are not compensated nearly enough for the work that they do however this perception that we get you know have this lavish lifestyle and get paid all this money is just simply not true my husband is an hourly employee he works very hard for his money and we are appreciative of that but we are not putting our feet up on a coffee table made out of cash and then the last thing I want to address is people always ask me would I suggest that their son their daughter their brother their husband consider going into aviation and on this I feel like a true expert right because I was raised in aviation my husband is a pilot and I actually have not advised any of my kids to go into aviation if they loved it and if they felt like there was nothing else that they could I would support it 100% but the truth is the aviation lifestyle is hard it is hard on my husband as his schedule is always all over the map some days he has to get there at 5:00 a.m. and some days he gets there at 4:00 p.m. and flies until one o'clock in the morning he never knows his schedule his days off are very unpredictable he has to work holidays it requires a lot of understanding on behalf of family and friends to kind of get the the weirdness and quirkiness of the aviation life again you you do get paid well but not nearly as much as people think you get paid so before you go into aviation I would seriously research what you get paid especially in the beginning because you get paid very little in the beginning of your aviation career and it's also a very volatile business my husband was furloughed right after September 11th it was a very difficult time for us my father went through the bankruptcy with Continental so I have not advised our children to go into aviation having said that if your son daughter brother husband is dreaming of an aviation career and that is all they can think about and that is what they longed to do with their lives then they should absolutely go and do it I just think it's good to go in with your eyes open and an understanding of some of the challenges and some of the pitfalls if you ever see my husband if he's ever flying you on a flight feel free to say hello to him I think that is one of his secret fears is that someone is gonna say I love your wife's channel and if the day that that happens I will be very happy they are just regular men and women who happen to do something pretty extraordinary they're all very intelligent I have loved all the pilots we've known over the years particularly my father and my husband and if you have any questions about kind of the day-to-day life of being a pilot please put those in the comments below and if you have any questions for Scott let me know that as well because I'm hoping I can get him to come on the channel to do a QA just about like basic pilot things especially for those of you that might be afraid to fly because he has some pretty good insights on that that's it for today if you're already subscribe to joyful living please make sure you hit that subscribe button hit those Bell notifications so that you don't miss a thing and give this video a big thumbs up new videos every Wednesday I'll see you next week bye bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @RozanneBee [41 likes]: I met my husband in my early 40s while he was a captain on UA 767s.  No kids.  It is the best thing that ever happened to both of us.  I am a loner so I enjoy my alone time but whenever he came home, it was always in the honeymoon phase.  He just retired but he got bored so he had to take another part-time job in the airline industry.  We are happy and secure in our retirement, happy to be together on trips, and just being together through our old age.  I wouldn't change anything about our life/love story.
  2. @bedknobbsandbrooms [15 likes]: Daughter of Pilot, and have had the privilege of growing up with a family that was incomparable to all my friends. Many thought my life strange, but normal to me. I have had to freedom to reach for the skies and the support to know anything is possible. Yes I would encourage my children to be aviators. I hope the passion it takes is in the DNA. Honestly, I I feel sorry for the 9-5ers exempt from living a dream as a profession. You are going to struggle financially for many years but the rewards are incomparable. I just knew nothing else, when dad was there he was truly there. Mom was a nurse and terrible flyer but even she loved what made my dad my dad. I once asked him if he worried about the responsibility of the people he flew and he responded (paraphrasing) he would be the first person to arrive anywhere he went (ie trouble) and he was coming home to mom and myself.  The old tale of a girl in every port is just that, a tale. A person that strays is going to do so no matter what their occupation. I actually didn’t even go on a car trip until my teens. I realized that was different but actually it is a very strong perk. I was unable to follow that dream but I was encouraged to have confidence in myself, and follow my dreams. I know some professionals because of their jobs have an almost egotistical approach, ie doctors, lawyers, pharmacists etc, to those they are responsible for, but!!!! THEY DO NOT RISK THEIR OWN LIVES WHEN THEY SERVE THE PUBLIC. THEY still GO HOME AT NIGHT. Frankly they have no skin in the game. I am not putting them down, but I have heard a doc say a pilot was a glorified BUS driver, or worse , can be less trained. I would be my life your opinion would be a  bit different if you happened to be on a difficult flight. I will get off my soapbox, just know you are lucky to have a pilot as a spouse or parent
  3. @ZHANAEJ [11 likes]: My husband is currently a trucker & sometimes he is gone for 4-7 days. One time, he was gone for a whole month. So as a mom, I’m pretty accustomed to doing things alone. But he just started aviation school and I’m actually excited about the pilot schedule considering it isn’t as gruesome. Also, we live by a main hub, so it’ll cut out any commute time. I’ll actually see him more as a pilot than as a trucker! 🎉 Wish us luck
  4. @christinaedwardship8627 [3 likes]: May God grant me the courage and wisdom to always understand my partner who's a pilot cause this journey needs a patient person
  5. @aimeemoore1094 [2 likes]: I just came across your channel. I absolutely love it! It's very interesting and I can't wait for some stories over the years of being a pilots wife
  6. @Fimp136 [1 likes]: Can we get some healthier food options in the airports for pilots PLEASE!
  7. @danielconsuegra4806 [1 likes]: Not sure about the money part but these days a Pilot doing it for 8 years and due to shortage of pilots is making 300-400k a year and some pilots with 20 years make 1 mill. I agree its hectic but seems a bit exaggerated I have many friends Pilots and yes they have it hard with schedules starting but when you get in the big leagues it settles and schedules are semi set!
  8. @bunobeatz5737 [1 likes]: My dad is a truck driver, i understand thats just as bad if not worse.  Hes out 2-3 weeks at a time and only comes home for 3-4 days
  9. @JamR0ck [1 likes]: I gave up on my aviation career while in training for my ppl 14 years ago when I found out my wife was pregnant with our first. I did it out of guilt that I would not be around. I am now in my early 40s and regret not doing it😢😢
  10. @RachelMos17: Thank you for sharing your experience! My husband just became a Commute Air pilot and he’s commuting so I’m trying to adjust to this new life alone a lot. I’m sure it will get easier with time😊
  11. @DisneyDingo: I often think about this.  I am probably the only police wife who can say "I see my husband more in this career than in his first choice".  When we met he was training to be a pilot but after a number of years struggling with only ever having either the time OR the money (never both) to do the practical lessons required, he decided it was not on the cards for him and chose another direction.  I was super proud of him flying and I'm super proud of him in his current career.  We still have the same shift-work issues of needing to be flexible around holidays and events but he's usually home at least once every 48hrs.  It really can be isolating but also opens up a great community of people in similar situations.
  12. @GoldFoilExperiment: it is not worth trading a healthy family life for a couple of free flights. This is my experience as a husband of a flight attendant.  The one traveling is frequently exhausted.  the one at home is frequently ALONE
  13. @GoldFoilExperiment: Is The pilots Wife working? How flexible does your schedule have to be in order to meet the required flexibility of his schedule .  I am the primary breadwinner in my family and my wife is a flight attendant. I find myself having to sacrifice a lot of family and career opportunities to bend over backwards for their  messed  up schedule
  14. @jordaneisenmanncooke2630: I know this video was 5 years ago. But I'm looking for some insight/advice. My husband is currently in the military flying and wants to transition to the airlines. We don't have kids yet and I guess I'm nervous about doing everything alone. Do airline pilots get paternity leave? I am used to doing things independent but I am scared about taking on children alone also. Only being responsible for myself is much less scary than raising kids alone. What does starting a family look like for spouses of airline pilots?
  15. @Vanavandamn: Thank you for this me and my fiancé are going on a year and he recently join the airlines, and I’m just trying to figure out a life without him being home as often
  16. @Willco-Citizen: Well this is discouraging, 40k in debt for trading to get a depressing life. Hopefully not
  17. @kingumbra5440: Question, would it be possible to take the family with you on christmas?
  18. @Flavio-t1x9y: Spouse of a pilot definitely is a special woman.
  19. @brians7419: It’s the aviation industry in general.  My Dad was a mechanic for TWA and America West.  40+ years in the business.  Absolutely great memories from him being in this job.  On the other hand, he had to move 13 times in his career to get promotions or keep a job when the base was closed. He was gone many birthdays & holidays as airplanes need wrenched on.  He fixed planes starting the piston age and retired in the jet age. He could fix anything and was one of the smartest guys I ever met.
  20. @natalialuckup1082: White, first world, privilege people problems. My ears are literally bleeding from all this whining.
PTSD because You didn't go on vacation as a child. the idiots on the internet are an endless pit of shite.

- NASA High Technology Aviation Breakthrough     (Full Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] have you ever considered how big breakthroughs and science engineering and Medicine occur the popular misconception of how a breakthrough happens is perhaps a Eureka moment while working on a project and in that instant the next big thing is born although that may happen sometimes the truth is that most big breakthroughs are not Eureka moments at all but actually take years of painstaking work trial and error and rigorous testing before the finished product is ever realized researchers in the world of engineering and science almost always move in small incremental steps slowly building the case for these new Revelations until they are sure the research is ready to be shared with the world then and only then is when we in the G general public he about it although it may not be quite analogous just think about the moonlanding as an example of this phenomenon most of us are familiar with Neil Armstrong's famous words when he first stepped onto the moon that's one small step for man one for man for those watching it that moment may forever be viewed as perhaps the most tremendous scientific and Engineering breakthrough in the history history of the world clearly that event was enormously important for many reasons but that first step on the moon was actually the culmination of millions of smaller incremental steps from tens of thousands of others that allowed it to take place this basic idea is true for all scientific study researchers and Engineers generally take an idea and meticulously study it to make sure that all bases are covered before new technology reaches the General Public public NASA's environmentally responsible aviation project team members are following that same philosophy as well this team has been working for years to find ways to reduce aircraft drag aircraft weight fuel consumption engine emissions and aircraft noise in order to achieve these lofty goals the team did in fact take incremental steps to make sure each project was viable now toward the end of the erra project the team is ready to take the lessons learned from the smaller tests and begin putting all the pieces together preparing to show the world the next big thing in Aeronautics NASA X has been at the Forefront of the erra program since its Inception this six-year Endeavor has progressed from innovative ideas to multiple designs wind tunnel tests and actual flight hardware and and the Aerospace industry has taken notice that these Technologies are ready to dramatically improve aircraft efficiency part one of this episode of NASA X looks back at some of erra's earlier tests to see how those early successes and failures paved the way to the larger more advanced tests of today and we will see what the future holds for many of the ideas and Technologies that have been developed by some of NASA's best and brightest engineers and researchers when the environmentally responsible aviation project was first implemented it was clear the stated goals would be hard to reach the team was tasked to reduce aircraft drag by 8% reduce aircraft weight by 10% reduce fuel consumption by 15% reduce emissions by 75% and reduce overall aircraft Noise by 75% all by the year 2025 compounding the difficulty of making such dramatic improvements was the fact that many in the aviation industry believed that the modern tube and wing-shaped aircraft had reached its maximum ceiling on efficiency when NASA first undertook this challenge they realized they would have to bring an a team of NASA Engineers from numerous NASA field centers along with highly skilled teams from industry and Academia in an effort to find these new efficiencies we've got new airframes eight different technologies that we've worked in Phase 2 a myriad of 60 something Technologies we worked in phase one and we looked at and we will be delivering at the end of this year technologies that say we can meet all of those goals so it is an unmitigated success and every one of our partners in this is getting something out of it some of the major areas of study for the team included looking at engine redesigns airframe redesigns materials testing and even developing new aircraft that integrate the wings into the aircraft body to increase efficiency this unique design is called the hwb or hybrid Wing body aircraft the hwb began its life as a series of computer models and then was upgraded to sop sophisticated wind tunnel models once the team was satisfied the hwb concept showed significant promise it was upgraded to a flying scale model aircraft 122 times the hybrid Wing body models Flew Over the dry lake bed in California where so many previous xplanes had flown before and with each flight the engineering data helped validate this unique type of aircraft design researchers feel confident that the strides they have made in this aircraft design will pay huge dividends in the future just watching footage of early aircraft shows how how far we've come in only a 100 years as an example most early planes were made out of wood and canvas but as planes became more powerful and efficient materials began to change today we're aware that most planes are made out of lightweight aluminum skins but the industry is moving toward the use of composite materials now as well in fact the Boeing 787 was the first all composite airplane ever produced and it took its first commercial flight on October 6th 20111 although this plane is state-of-the-art NASA's ER planners believe that they can improve the strength of composits while making them safer as well the idea they're investigating is called Perseus or pultruded Rod stitched efficient unitized structure early testing began with small pieces called coupons they were developed to a point where researchers believe they could be tested on a larger scale NASA's team built larger test sections and eventually brought them to this lab for stress testing with this test designed to bring the article to failure mode the team applied pressure until the piece snapped the data was used to further validate percus and now the team has decided to build and break a nearly fullscale piece of percus material NASA and Boeing have been working together for quite a few years developing lightweight structure for commercial Transport Aircraft what we're seeing today is the final piece of a project called damage arresting composits where we're trying to develop a new structural concept that will be applicable to lightweight structures for commercial airplanes and what you see here is a 30 foot long test article that we'll be testing at the NASA Lang Research Center um by applying the kinds of loading that it would feel if it were in a real airplane but with a piece this large a a major hurdle lay in front of them how to get the piece from California to Virginia for testing traditional methods like Trucking and train travel would not work due to Bridges overpasses and some Road weight restrictions the solution was to fly it across country but no ordinary aircraft would do ultimately the team Enlisted the service of NASA Johnson's super guppy aircraft for transport across country this cold four era aircraft was specially designed with a hinged frontloading system that could just barely accommodate NASA's cargo it was not lost on team members that this old and slow Beast of an aircraft was transporting a test article that will undoubtedly be used in many aircraft of the [Applause] future on a cold December night the aircraft landed in Virginia for an early morning offload here is Dr Fay Collier to explain what is next for this test today we're uh uh here at at Langley field unloading the um uh perus multi-bay Colts multi-bay box uh that will be tested in the Colts facility so we've been working on uh Perseus for about 10 years now partnered with the Air Force partnered with uh with Boeing uh r&t and uh we started off with with small coupon testing uh to prove out the concept we built um a small uh box that we tested uh a couple of three years ago to prove that the concept could take pressure and uh would meet the design constraints we went from there to uh assembling this piece of 30ft structure that we're going to test in the Langley combined loads test system down the street here so uh a after effort that has gone into this uh with with NASA and Boeing uh culminating in the delivery of this 10,000 pound piece of aircraft structure we'll stick it into the uh facility we'll we'll mount it it'll it'll be uh eventually pressurized uh to various uh pressure readings um the the ideas to you know twist and turn the part to to see if it'll sustain the design loads that would be needed if we were to build a a real airplane out of this this facility will prove to be a valuable tool for researchers these types of tests will help in investigating damage tolerance and any repair techniques that may be applicable one of the key test points that will be addressed in this round of testing we'll see how pereus handles routine damage that might be expected such as a technician dropping a hammer researchers need to understand how this new material will react if minor damage occurs to do this a unique test rig has been designed by hand here is Andrew Lovejoy to explain so some of the things that could impact the plane are uh rocks or debris that's on the runway when it's taking off or Landing um as I said you could have U mechanics that could uh hit it with a tool or a vehicle driving by could could hit it and and all those types of things can cause damage and on the exterior you're more likely to have a higher energy because of vehicle hitting it or something being thrown up by the tire is going to be much higher velocity than say a tool drop so barely visible impact if you're doing walk around inspection it's a damage that you would barely be able to see so if you're at that level the aircraft has to be able to sustain the loads that it would normally see even with that damage uh in place so you have to be able to analyze and then test to make sure that you can hold those loads so what you have to do is uh an impact test so we're doing an impact test um and if you were going to impact at the top on something you would just have a a free falling you could have a free falling weight that would come down and hit and that's fairly straightforward because you have a mass and you have a height so you can uh have a straightforward calculation of the energy if you wanted to hit on the side we have springloaded but for the multi Bay box one of the things we're doing is hitting on the Keel which is the bottom so we have to have an impact that's going upwards um there's very limited space in Colts um you can have an air driven projectile you could have a spring loaded but those to me are less controllable so instead came up with the uh roller coaster impactor so it's really a controlled drop it comes down the track and then it'll go back up and when it hits it's going in a vertical Direction so in order to impact on the Keel we needed the impact weight to go up and we didn't have any device to be be able to do that so from scratch we designed and built the uh roller coaster impactor the second main part is the track itself the track itself is to control it and and make it go where we want it to go when it was rolling down gravity is keeping it on the track when it starts to go vertical it wants to flop so there's actually two pieces of track that will encapsulate this right before impact to guarantee that we're getting that vertical impact on the bottom of the peel numerous tests were performed in the Colts facility to check the Box's ability to meet what Engineers call the design limit load and the design ultimate load in aerospace engineering the term design limit load refers to the maximum load Factor authorized in Flight it is extremely unlikely that an aircraft will ever reach this limit during its lifetime the design ultimate load goes beyond that and is the amount of load applied which will make the component fail in in this case the ultimate load factor is 1.5 times more than the limit load with testing and data acquisition complete researchers found the pereus box performed beautifully under extremely stressful conditions it actually performed above the expected design ultimate load factor which means the box is even stronger than predicted with that type of result researchers feel there is an opportunity to lighten the Box even more potentially making future aircraft even more efficient although this stage of the testing is complete the team has reams of data to look over and will continue working to make the aircraft of Tomorrow stronger and more efficient than the hinged Wing design on aircraft has been around since the early 1900s currently this design is state-of-the-art and almost magical in its operation extending and retracting during takeoff and Landing but hinged flaps have drawbacks such as high noise levels and their design affects the flow over the wing making them less efficient NASA is currently working working on improving specific aspects of wing design and has partnered with a small company out of Ann Arbor Michigan called flexus to combat these problems their Innovative design has the potential to revolutionize flight by having the wings on aircraft act more like a bird's Wing rather than the traditional flap system we have now here is Dr Shri arota the inventor of the flexus wing to explain so with the current flaps once they're tucked in you don't want to move those flaps s because the flow will separate so the Aerospace Community has known for a long time that if you have a seamless Wing that can be mored in Flight um to maximize the performance then you you can get significant fuel efficiency and uh actually ride brothers did that for for for you know for RO control the idea to have aircraft Wings morph is not a new idea in fact the Wright brothers first designs used morphing Wings to help with controlling flight but as aircraft became heavier and began using stronger materials aircraft designers were forced to stop using the morphing Wing technique and use flaps and slats which have been in you sever sents designers have long known that reducing the use of flaps and going back to a morphing Wing would be more efficient but until now no one was quite sure how to make it happen while looking at this problem in the early '90s Dr Kota came up with an idea called compliant design that uses techniques that are borrowed more from nature than from traditional mechanical designs everything we engineered if you look at out look around the objects around you anything that is strong is also very rigid and when you have when you want mechanical functionality in the design you put multiple Parts Springs cams gears and make integrate mechanism that works beautiful whereas designs in nature are different they are strong but they're compliant they're flexible so you can see the trees bending in the heavy winds so they Bend rather than break and you can see countless uh examples in nature where you get pretty intricate uh mechanical motion without conventional joints and in fact 80% of uh living creatures are invertebrates and they do pretty well uh with The Locomotion and other mechanical uh functionality without multiple joints and lengths so the question is how do we capture that where we want a monolithic structure that can that can do mechanical motions with joints so the idea is that how do we get this compliance flexibility distributed throughout the structure and how do you design structures like that so I'll give you a simple example of how what I call the distributed compliance and uh you can see this here so here this is a can be a monolithic design no joints and when I apply force of these tabs and you can see it move so you can get large deformation but the way it's designed is you have very small stress in the structure which means every section of material shares the functionality you know shares the load so the stresses are evenly distributed that's how we have very small stress very small strain it works in a linear elastic strain region so you get large deformation and which means you can do this multiple times you can do this millions of cycles and still not fail although the exact technique is still a trade secret the flexus team's design uses a proprietary algorithm in a way that minimizes the force it takes to morph the wing to a prescribed shape this technique also has inherent mechanical advant ages and that it is very stiff to external loads simply put the design is incredibly strong but does not need huge Motors to morph the wing to test this concept further NASA's erra team decided to place a flexus wing on board an aircraft to test in Flight the team removed the traditional flaps from a Gulf Stream aircraft and replaced them with a flexus wing for the initial testing Tom Ry of NASA Armstrong explains the reason it's important is because one of the contributors of noise one of the largest contributors of noise for an aircraft when it comes on to approach for landing or for takeoff uh there's a lot of noise that's generated by the spaces gaps from existing flaps that aren't an aircraft and so what this does is it reduces that noise by eliminating those gaps and they have a smooth continuous surface rather than having gaps and it can reduce sound within up to 4 to 6 DB which is significant this technology is is really helping Aviation the the whole aviation industry it's something similar to we had with winglets so winglets came on aircraft and made them much lighter and more more efficient more effective and this is similar to winglets we're going to be able to take an airplane and have wings act more like a bird instead of having just these boards that come down and all locked in place you're actually have morphing and shaping Wings just like a a bird would do and that makes the aircraft more effective in terms of flying in terms of efficiency fuel savings and it's it's it's going to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the public for flying it's also going to make planes lighter weight which allow more for more luggage and other things to go on board and it's more of a green type of Technology less carbon in the air for for the world to have to to deal with later so this is going to be really helping out the environment as well as saving money so that's it's really a great technology the first tests of this design were very successful and met all of the stringent stretch goals that Engineers set out to meet this design shows tremendous promise and future testing should continue to further validate the time and effort that the erra team put into technology NASA in cooperation with industry Partners is truly transforming the concept of how we fly 2025 is right around the corner and before you know it many of the concepts the ER team has studied will undoubtedly be used to make flying safer for all of us

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyllooddte3415: why not turn the keel on its side or upside down hahhaha

- KF-21 Boramae News: Prototype Transfer to Indonesia & First Export Deal Explained: Kind: captions Language: en The transfer of a prototype of South Korea's advanced KF-21 Borame fighter jet to Indonesia marks a defining moment in the evolution of Asia's defense industrial landscape, signaling not only a deepening of bilateral strategic ties, but also a bold step by Seoul to secure its first major export order for a homegrown supersonic combat aircraft. The development comes at a time when the global defense market is undergoing rapid transformation driven by shifting geopolitical alignments, rising regional tensions, and an increasing demand among mid-tier powers for affordable yet capable next generation air combat platforms. South Korea's decision to transfer a KF21 prototype, widely regarded as a near 4.5 generation fighter to Indonesia underscores both confidence in the aircraft's design and a pragmatic recognition of Jakarta's role as a long-standing partner in the program. Despite years of financial and political challenges that have tested the resilience of the joint development effort, the KF21 Borame program itself represents one of the most ambitious aerospace initiatives ever undertaken by South Korea. Developed by Korea Aerospace Industries, KAI with significant support from the South Korean government. The fighter was conceived as a stepping stone between legacy fourth generation aircraft like the F-16 and fully stealthy fifth generation platforms such as the F-35. The result is an aircraft that blends advanced avionics, modern radar systems, reduced radar cross-section features, and multi-roll capabilities, all while maintaining a cost profile that is considerably lower than western fifth generation jets. For South Korea, the KF21 is more than just a fighter jet. It is a symbol of technological independence, industrial maturity, and strategic ambition, reflecting decades of investment in aerospace engineering and defense innovation. Indonesia's involvement in the KF21 program dates back to its early stages when Jakarta agreed to fund approximately 20% of the development costs in exchange for technology transfer, industrial participation, and eventual access to the aircraft. However, the partnership has not been without its complications. Over the years, Indonesia has faced financial constraints that led to delays in its contributions, prompting concerns in Seoul about the sustainability of the joint program. Despite these setbacks, both nations have repeatedly reaffirmed their commitment to the project, recognizing its long-term strategic value. The transfer of the prototype now serves as a tangible demonstration of that commitment, potentially resetting the partnership on a more stable and forward-looking trajectory. From a strategic perspective, the move carries significant implications for both countries. For South Korea, securing Indonesia as the first export customer for the KF-21 would represent a major breakthrough in the highly competitive global fighter jet market, which has long been dominated by established players such as the United States, Russia, and European consortiums. An initial order of 16 aircraft, while modest in scale compared to larger procurement programs, would provide crucial validation for the KF-21's export potential, opening the door to additional deals with other countries seeking cost-effective alternatives to more expensive Western platforms. It would also strengthen South Korea's position as an emerging defense exporter, building on recent successes in selling tanks, artillery, and trainer aircraft to countries across Europe, the Middle East, and Southeast Asia. For Indonesia, the acquisition of the KF-21 represents a significant leap forward in its efforts to modernize its air force and enhance its defense capabilities amid growing regional tensions. As Southeast Asia's largest economy and a key maritime nation, Indonesia faces a complex security environment that includes territorial disputes, piracy, and the need to safeguard vital sea lanes. The addition of a modern multi-roll fighter like the KF21 would enhance the Indonesian Air Force's ability to conduct air superiority missions, precision strikes, and maritime patrol operations, while also providing a platform for technological advancement through local industry participation. The prototype transfer in particular offers Indonesian engineers and technicians a unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience with cuttingedge aerospace systems, potentially accelerating the development of domestic capabilities. The broader geopolitical context further amplifies the significance of this development. The Indo-Pacific region has become a focal point of strategic competition with major powers seeking to expand their influence and secure their interests. In this environment, defense partnerships and arms deals are not merely commercial transactions. They are instruments of diplomacy and strategic alignment. The KF2 deal between South Korea and Indonesia can thus be seen as part of a broader effort to strengthen regional security cooperation and reduce reliance on traditional suppliers. By collaborating on the development and acquisition of advanced military technology, both countries are positioning themselves as proactive actors in shaping the regional security architecture. Technologically, the KF21 incorporates a range of advanced features that make it a compelling option for modern air forces. The aircraft is equipped with an active electronically scanned array AESA radar developed domestically by South Korea which provides enhanced target detection and tracking capabilities. It also features an advanced electronic warfare suite, modern cockpit displays, and compatibility with a wide range of air-to-air and airto ground munitions. While the initial version of the KF21 does not include an internal weapons bay, limiting its stealth characteristics compared to fifth generation fighters, it compensates with a focus on survivability, network ccentric warfare, and ease of maintenance. These attributes make it particularly attractive for countries that require a balance between performance and affordability. The decision to transfer a prototype rather than waiting for full production models reflects a calculated strategy by South Korea to build confidence and accelerate the dealmaking process. By allowing Indonesia to evaluate the aircraft up close, Soul is effectively demonstrating transparency and trust while also providing Jakarta with an opportunity to influence the final configuration of its future fleet. This approach could serve as a model for future export campaigns, highlighting the importance of collaboration and customization in meeting the diverse needs of international customers. Economically, the potential 16 fighter deal carries significant benefits for both parties. For South Korea, it would support the domestic aerospace industry, creating jobs and sustaining production lines that are essential for long-term competitiveness. For Indonesia, the deal could include provisions for local assembly, maintenance, and technology transfer, contributing to the growth of its defense industrial base.

- BIG NEWS in Aviation Industry | Major Aircraft Update Revealed: Kind: captions Language: en Breaking news is shaking the aviation world as a major new development unfolds in the skies. A powerful image captures the nose of a modern commercial jet. Cockpit windows reflecting the light. A pilot focused inside while another aircraft approaches in the background. This is more than just a routine flight. This represents the next chapter in modern aviation where technology, safety, and global travel continue to evolve at an incredible pace. In today's aviation industry, aircraft are no longer just machines that carry passengers from one city to another. They are flying computers equipped with advanced navigation systems, real-time weather tracking, fuel optimization software, and cuttingedge safety features designed to make air travel safer than ever before. Every takeoff represents thousands of hours of engineering, testing, and pilot training working together in perfect harmony. Modern commercial jets are built with lightweight composite materials that make them stronger and more fuel efficient. This allows airlines to reduce emissions while flying longer distances. The engines you see mounted under the wings are engineering marvels. They are quieter, more powerful, and designed to consume less fuel than previous generations. This helps airlines cut costs and reduce their environmental footprint at the same time. Inside the cockpit, pilots rely on advanced digital flight decks. Gone are the days of purely analog gauges. Today's pilots use large digital displays that provide real-time data about altitude, speed, engine performance, navigation routes, and surrounding air traffic. These systems are backed up by multiple layers of redundancy. If one system fails, another instantly takes over. Safety is not just a feature in aviation. It is the foundation. Air traffic control also plays a critical role. From the moment an aircraft pushes back from the gate to the second it touches down at its destination, controllers are monitoring its path. They coordinate with pilots, manage traffic in busy airspace, and ensure safe separation between aircraft. It is a carefully choreographed operation happening every second across the globe. Air travel demand continues to grow, especially as international tourism and business travel rebound. Airlines are investing heavily in new aircraft orders, modernizing their fleets with more efficient jets. This not only improves passenger comfort, but also reduces maintenance costs and fuel consumption. New cabin designs offer better air filtration systems, larger overhead bins, quieter cabins, and improved seating layouts. Passenger safety remains the number one priority. Aircraft undergo rigorous maintenance checks before and after flights. Mechanics inspect engines, hydraulic systems, landing gear, avionics, and structural components. There are daily inspections, weekly checks, and deep maintenance procedures that can take an aircraft out of service for days. These protocols are strictly regulated by aviation authorities. Training for pilots is equally intense. Before flying commercial routes, pilots complete thousands of flight hours and simulator sessions. Simulators can recreate engine failures, extreme weather conditions, emergency landings, and other rare scenarios. This ensures pilots are prepared for any situation they might face in real life. Weather technology has also advanced dramatically. Aircraft are equipped with onboard radar systems that detect storms and turbulence. Pilots can adjust altitude or route to avoid dangerous weather. Meanwhile, meteorological data is constantly transmitted to flight crews and airline operations centers on the ground. This coordination reduces delays and enhances safety. Another major shift in aviation is sustainability. Airlines and manufacturers are exploring sustainable aviation fuels, electric propulsion systems, and hydrogen-powered concepts. While fully electric commercial jets are still in development, regional aircraft projects are making progress. The goal is clear. Reduce carbon emissions while maintaining reliability and performance. Airports are also evolving. Many international hubs are expanding runways, upgrading terminals, and integrating biometric boarding systems. Facial recognition technology is speeding up security checks and boarding procedures. Automated baggage handling systems are reducing lost luggage rates. Smart airport design is becoming the new standard. Global supply chains have had an impact on aircraft manufacturing and delivery schedules. Delays in parts and materials have slowed production lines. In some cases, however, manufacturers are adapting by diversifying suppliers and investing in digital logistics tracking systems. The industry is resilient and continues to push forward. For passengers, flying has become more connected than ever. In-flight Wi-Fi allows travelers to stream content, send emails, and stay connected at 35,000 ft. Seatback entertainment systems now offer highdefinition screens and extensive media libraries. Some airlines are even introducing customizable lighting and mood settings to reduce jet lag. Security remains strict and constantly updated. Aviation authorities work closely with governments and international organizations to identify and respond to emerging threats. Screening technology at airports has improved significantly, making it faster to detect prohibited items while maintaining efficiency for travelers. Cargo aviation is another rapidly growing sector. With the rise of global e-commerce, air freight demand has surged. Dedicated cargo aircraft and converted passenger jets are transporting goods across continents at record speed. This keeps global markets supplied with everything from medical equipment to consumer electronics. The aviation workforce is expanding as well. Airlines are hiring pilots, cabin crew, engineers, and ground staff to meet growing demand. Trainingmies are increasing enrollment to address pilot shortages in certain regions. This growth signals strong confidence in the future of air travel. Looking ahead, innovation will continue to shape the skies. Artificial intelligence is being integrated into predictive maintenance systems, helping airlines detect potential issues before they become serious problems. Data analytics is optimizing flight paths for fuel savings and reduce delays. Automation is improving operational efficiency at every level. This moment in aviation reflects progress, resilience, and ambition. Every aircraft in the sky represents collaboration between engineers, pilots, mechanics, air traffic controllers, and countless professionals working behind the scenes. It is a global network built on precision, discipline, and trust. As technology advances and sustainability becomes a central focus, the aviation industry stands on the edge of a transformative era. Faster, safer, cleaner, and more connected flights are no longer distant dreams. They are becoming reality. The skies are busier than ever, but they are also smarter and safer than ever before. And as this breaking development shows, aviation continues to move forward, redefining what is possible in global travel.

- Turkey Unveils ‘Yildirimhan’: First-Ever Breakthrough Defence Tech Shines at SAHA 2026 | WION: Kind: captions Language: en Turkey has unveiled its first ever intercontinental ballistic missile. The indigenous version was showcased at Istanbul's Saha 2026 exposition. This uh has a range of about 6,000 km in fact, a speed of Mach 9 to Mach 25. Four liquid fuel rocket engines and nitrogen tetroxide propellant tetroxide propellant. The Turkish Defense Ministry touts its liquid rocket fuel propulsion and its massive 3,000 kg explosive payload capacity. The Turkish Minister of National Defense has stated that the Turkish defense industry has increased its production capacity through valuable investments and has transformed into an ecosystem that develops high technology. The system was developed by the Defense Ministry's R&D center and presented publicly for the first time at Saha 2026. The Saha 2026 International Defense and Aerospace Exhibition opened at the Istanbul Expo Center under the organization of Saha Istanbul, Turkey's and Europe's largest defense, aerospace, and space industry cluster. The debut coming as Turkey continues to expand its defense industry, blowing money into missile systems, unmanned platforms, air defense, aviation, and space technologies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @abdullahkocakoc953 [1 likes]: Türkiye has to be strong , much stronger than other countries. Maybe Not for peace in the world( that depends on behaviour of enemies), but for justice in the world
  2. @nickmavro9412: SS18 Copy who gave it to the Turks???
  3. @HansIanda: India, you've entered our range now. 👋
  4. @nurikrgz7397: TÜRKİYE       TIME         ..............................................................................................................................................
  5. @İsmailÖcal-z8o: 16000 km menzillisini yapınca adını  Turan  koyacaz
  6. @gokhankaya55: Dosta güven veren, düşmana korku salan yaratık.
  7. @pravinborkar6935: Looks like little brother of "Shaktiman".
  8. @SüleymanÖztürk-y8b: 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷YILDIRIMHAN 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
  9. @freemillenniumideas: Election season comes with new bubles... 20x-30x enflation in 5 years, we should talk about fairy tales rather than harsh and boring realities of real life.
  10. @polatalemdar613: İsrail üzerinde inşallah testleri olur.
  11. @ayhankilic8117: Ölümü öldürmüş müslümanları kim yenebilir.  Yeter ki Dünyada tek vücut olalım. Birlikte sevinip birlikte üzülelim. Tüm Dünyada müslüman kardeşlerimize selam ve sevgiler.
  12. @volkankara1071: Great.....
  13. @s.fatihgulsoy5290: Türkiye ve kardeşlerinin gücü 🇵🇰 🇦🇿 🇹🇷
  14. @MirzetKadic-i2w: TURKEY❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  15. @sekulersakal3291: Yıldırım is not a khan. It is the name of a Roman king who was an enemy of the Turks. He was defeated in battle against the Turks and our ancestor Timur. He died in captivity.
  16. @Hbbti: wow!!! God bless Turkiye!!
  17. @ardxa4259: Caution! Don't create a situation that could lead to this being dropped on your country !
  18. @mohdKhalid2030: Till Turkiye is not nuclearised, it cont match to Israel... without nuclear detterence Turkiye is vulnerable to apartheid aggression in Mediterranean sea..... Turkiye cont withstand Israeli aggression due to its lethal weapons and precision military equipments...and uncompromising US support.
  19. @urktklirk9770: Yildirimhan iyi girmiş, baya gavat ağlamaya başlamış.
  20. @sundancer06: Thanks to its fuel, Yıldırımhan may be able to explore the power of a 10-tonne termobaric bomb at short ranges...thats equal to 30 mk-84 bomb..thats huge

- Breakthroughs in Science: Hypersonic travel: Kind: captions Language: en cats and find out why businesses are lining up to hire them. Tonight at 11 alley. They look a little grumpy. All right, looking forward to that story, Haley. Thanks. Well, imagine this flying from Tampa to China, Australia or anywhere else in less than an hour. Flight engineers at the University of Central Florida are figuring out the secret to safe, hyper sonic travel, and FOX 13's Craig Patrick explains their discovery in tonight's edition of Breakthroughs in Science. Well, NASA developed the X-59 to break the speed barrier without emitting the deafening supersonic boom on people below. And right now, commercial airlines are producing a new generation of supersonic jets to cut passenger flight times in half. But while that's all drawing a great deal of excitement, as it should, these students at the University of Central Florida have already taken a much greater leap ten minutes by air from Tampa to California. Yes, they've not yet built such a jet, but they did figure out how to stabilize a hypersonic engine in this lab that's hypersonic as opposed to supersonic. NASA's X-59 supersonic aircraft is designed to fly 925mph, up CVS hypersonic design could lead up to air travel 14 times faster, up to 13,000mph. The first reaction was actually denial. So from, not believing it's actually real. Now, for context, we powered engines through internal combustion for more than 200 years. When you have like a, like a fuel injector on a car, it sprays mist into your combustor and the fuel mist burns, which releases energy, currently ride or fly on comparatively slow, controlled reactions like a burning candle flame. But with hypersonic engines instead of a slow burn, they set off a chain of powerful explosions, which drives much more motion with much less fuel. That controlled explosion is highly efficient, it releasing that energy compared to your typical candle flame, which you fly on today. That is not an efficient process. But while hypersonic engines are far more powerful and efficient, they can also be unstable. The problem with the detonation process is that it's unsteady and very hard to control, and that's where Doctor Karim Ahmed and his students broke new ground. They developed and tested the world's first hypersonic engine that can stabilize the detonation. So what were you thinking? Holy smoke! We did it! Yes we were able to stabilize it repeatedly. It was exciting that now we've got the world first stabilized oblique detonation wave. Here's their first experiment that drew attention around the world. It's basically a tube split into three parts. The first part and oxygen, and the second part injects more hydrogen. And as the burst shoots into the third section, it hits this 30 degree ramp. And that ramp holds and stabilizes the shock wave reaction. So you get thrust from the explosion and a shock wave to keep the explosion going until they cut off the fuel and this is how that burst of thrust looks in the lab. Rachel Vidovic is a doctoral student from Tampa . Here's how she explains what we just witnessed to her family and friends. Most of the time I just say I study fire and how to make fire happen faster, and then we can get places faster. This chart shows how they sustain the detonation wave for three seconds before they cut off the fuel. The next steps are to keep repeating the experiment and to keep expanding it. Can we predict its behavior and achieve it every time, reliably? Once you're at that phase, you're transition. They've already built a second, much longer tube. I've been spending every single day here at the lab since I started my PhD, designing this from the ground up. They are not setting off any sonic booms and don't plan to, but it's still very loud and jars people who aren't used to it. Three. Two one. The sound you hear on television does not reflect how it sounds in person. I am very used to it. We still regularly shock passers by. With that kind of a shot, how does this whole tube not shoot back, lots of cinder blocks and a giant metal claw that holds it to the foundation while they're still testing the detonation wave engine. They've already conceived how it will look and work in flight and concept. A more traditional aircraft will take off and carry the hypersonic craft into the air, and then let it go. Then a rocket booster will accelerate it to supersonic speed, and then they'll fire up the hypersonic chamber shock waves will ignite the fuel. And that slope design that 30 degree ramp built into the chamber will stabilize the detonation wave, maintaining hypersonic speed until it's time to land from one continent to another in a matter of minutes. When will you be able to have commercial jets that can do this here on Earth? Maybe by 2050? Probably. That technology would be realized, and beyond that, it into space and speed up travel to the moon. Mars and who knows where. Craig Patrick Fox13 news. It's fascinating. Well, tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @XAVIERG35 [1 likes]: Who cares only billionaires are going to be able to afford a seat.
  2. @royskip8193: this is what we humans should focus on, not hypersonic missiles 🤦‍♂
  3. @LakinMoser: Everyone commenting "finally, some good news" didn't make it to the part where they showed the render of the "intercontinental passenger aircraft" in action lol
  4. @Jamzzz-dx4iz: How would people, survive G-force of going 13,000 MPH
  5. @mugz90: Misleading title
  6. @PharmBoy-d7c: this isn't happening on a mass scale or anything close to cost efficient until a ceramic or somekind of exotic hull that can withstand space shuttle re entry level heat can be 3d printed. its coming but we will probably have fusion reactors 1st. 50 years unless super AI can speed it up.
  7. @YoZen_Azken: Let them fly first in this generation
  8. @ghostlyghost37: Didn’t we have something like that before like TU-144???
  9. @nicolasrobacinni4831: A miracle of 🐮💩
  10. @archdalejoshua: 3:20 just called her family neanderthal’s
  11. @andrewbryers6955: Why! Technologies so old! Show the new technologies!? Is the scientific and militaries  scared!
  12. @mngumo: I wonder if they will integrate AI in their work to maybe speed up and fine tune or improve it. 2050 seems far away! Awesome developments.
  13. @edwinharrison5992: just like artificial intelligence computerized BS and all this high tech gadgetry is all a slippery slope, before getting too excited about it all the repercussions should be explored, do we really want to take the risks involved? not trying to be a nay sayer or negative Ned just wondering what is the difference between going this fast as opposed to taking your time and enjoying it all
  14. @SeafleetFederation: I want to see the calculations of air drag. Can we even build a plane that won't tear itself apart at that speed? Only sounds useful for missiles.
  15. @AnotherWayThinker: Bad reporting - "Commercial Airlines are producing a new generation of supersonic jets" please name me a single airline and model of jet? Or jets since the anchor spoke in plural! While all this is just in Universities and will take a generation because monopolies of oil and existing airlines don't want to implement it. Lets be serious.
  16. @brentwilkinson717: This was done by the French years ago, supersonic. No big hooha because it was not american. Want more info on hypersonic speed, speak to Putin, they sorted this long ago.
  17. @kritikal1980: Thank you for leaking the info to China and Russia😊
  18. @DavidL-wd5pu: Elon Musk better get on it. He'll make it happen much sooner.
  19. @FrancisMuriithi-t7r: Let say the jet have an accident, will there be any survivers??
  20. @alexcabrallive: What’s the update on this ?

- NO MORE EXEMPTIONS: IndiGo Fully Complies With New Pilot Fatigue Rules | News18 Updates: Kind: captions Language: en were learning that Indigo was informed DGCA that it will comply [music] with the FDTL norm starting 11th of February. Now this remember was one of the reasons why we saw Indigo [music] flight seeing massive disruption causing a lot of inconvenience to passengers flying by Indigo as well. I do want to bring in Priyanka into the conversation. This is big news coming in a confirmation from Indigo site that it will comply with the FDTL norms. Priyanka over to you for more. >> Uh so Indigo has informed DGCA that it will comply with the new everyday norms. Indigo has already started the necessary operational rostering and monitoring arrangements. Uh they are saying they are putting them in place and um it will start from 11th February only from today only because they were giving um a relief till 10th February. So now Indico has informed DGCA that they are ready to comply with the new FPL norms. >> Okay. Okay, Priyanka, this also means that at least on the face of it, they're confident that they've they've been able to fix their pilot crisis. Thank you so much for joining us with that update. That's all we could pack for you in this edition of News. Thanks for watching. We'll be right back in just a few seconds.

- Pilot Shortage 'Makes It That Much Tougher To Travel': Doug LaMalfa Urges Changes To Pilot Training: Kind: captions Language: en thank you Mr chairman uh appreciate it I'm glad we're getting a uh a good uh prompt start on our on our hearings for FAA reauthorization so we do this properly and thoughtfully as we uh Wind Through the beginning of this session so um again I just bounced from another committee so I hope I'm not asking these two redundant from what's already been covered today um I I've been concerned about pilot training and pilot availability and such my information has over about 8 000 Pilots short of a full complement Nationwide and of course that makes it much more difficult on the pilots themselves being asked to do even more and it affects routes and I would you know my concerns especially of rural routes you know small airports things like that and um that just makes it that much tougher for for travel so the um the FAA has issue to it I have here 9 500 certifications the last couple years pretty good uh but they didn't quite keep up with the decrease for active Pilots so um the it's noted today that the national airspace system has become safer over time improvements in safety of our airspace I believe it's prudent to re-examine the regulations requirements for what it takes to become a pilot that's something we can look at training exam process to become a pilot in the U.S it can cost above one hundred thousand dollars the FAA requires 1500 hours of Flight Training known as the 1500 hour rule military Pirates can Pilots can do half that number and some college graduates can reduce have that number to reduce to 1 000 or 1250 hours so let me line this up for captain ambrosi um what's improvements in the airspace system do you believe we can be in a position to reconsider the minimum hours required for Pilots maybe especially military is there other requirements that can be re-examined not to lower the level of safety or diligence but that is um reasonable within the context of what we're looking at here well thank you for your question I can I can understand the plight of rural communities but uh first and foremost Airlines make decisions on economics on where they allocate airplanes it's not up to pilots and I will tell you that in the last year there were 10 000 Airline transport pilot certificates issued more than Pilots jobs in the income in commercial uh airline in the airline business so we have a training backlog kovid was a obviously a major pandemic it's great that we're all back in in person here but there's a training backlog but there are more pilots today and at major airlines than there were pre-pandemic but they're flying less because they're all making their way through training so we have a situation where when these Pilots get back to where they're where they belonged they'll be more efficient and we'll be able to do more but as far as rural communities I would suggest that that Airlines use economics they're flying many of those airplanes to more profitable cities now they've upgaged over the last decade and and the smaller airplanes when I started were 30 passenger airplanes are smaller now the smallest airplane was 50 and they're getting rid of the 50 passenger airplanes for economics right not because of a lack of Pilots so I wasn't saying sir that was necessarily because of the pilots it just might be an effect farther you know down the chain that might see less my focus mostly was on um would we be helping out the process if we were looked had a harder look at the 1500 hour rule or some other portion of the requirements that could be brought more into line with what uh what is really needed you know is uh if you have former military if you have others could could some of these credits for example is there more way to expand credits and get that number lower and still not reduce uh adequate trading well I'll go back to where at the safest period in aviation history right now and a lot of that is because of these very rules so there is a significant credit for military half of what the requirement is there's a significant credit as you mentioned for the pilots that have gone to a four-year College where they've gotten Advanced academics there's a Pros the system is working there's a process in place if uh if someone has an alternate suggestion the FAA has a a process the Congress has has given that to the FAA to review those and see what else is out there however again well I will reiterate we're at this you know this last decade is the safest in aviation history and we should you know exercise caution my memory corrected before it got bumped to 1500 the number was 250. is uh is that correct I don't recall there being a specific minimum you had to have a specific licensing so it would have been about 250 and I can tell you from personal experience sir that I was a captain at a regional Airline flying that 30 passenger turboprop with Pilots that had 250 500 hours as new hires and I could qualify that as on-the-job training and the traveling public does not deserve to have on the job training in in an airliner regardless of whether you're flying in and out of a large city or or a rural destination all right thank you I'll go back thank you chairman well thank you Mr chairman I appreciate all of our Witnesses for being here Mr Bolton I'm right here for you uh I wanted to also discuss the Note 10

  Top Comments:
  1. @lookingforwookiecopilot [1 likes]: The only way any non military pilot gets from that 250 hours required to get the license, to the 1,500 hours to co-pilot an airliner, is from "on the job training".  

The question is, which is better, 1,250 hours of sitting in the passenger seat of a Cessna 172 teaching others to fly, or 1,250 hours of flying those smaller turbo prop regional airliners like that pilot described?
  2. @Beechnut985 [1 likes]: It must be tough to build 1500 HR PIC.
  3. @topofthegreen: After all these crashes, the hour requirement should be 2,500 hours.
  4. @PilotAV8R: The rest of the world has a minimum of 250 hours and do just fine.  In fact, airlines love being able to mold new recruits before they pick up bad habits. 

The pilot unions love scarcity. It puts them in a strongest position when negotiating contracts with airlines. Naturally, they love the 1500 rule!

One argument against the 1500 rule is the further out of flight school you are, the more rusty you can get, and the more book knowledge you lose.  Few people actually fly to get to 1500.  Most become instructors and are merely supervising student pilots, not actually flying the plane themselves.  They log the hours the same, as if they were the ones flying though.
  5. @robertsobczak1131: Technical Aviation High school college 🎓  Nation Gourd   trending more pilot and technican   economy boost more pilots 🛫🛫🛫🛫🛫🛫🛫🛩️🛩️🛩️🛩️🛩️🛩️💵💵💵💵💵💵💵💵💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰

- Breaking News: ALPA Slams DGCA For Granting IndiGo Safety Exemptions On Pilot Fatigue Norms: Kind: captions Language: en Some more breaking news there this time is from the Airlines Pilots Association that has now slammed the DGCA for granting IndiGo safety exemptions. Now what is the background to this story? Let me just quickly recap that fame. Now what happened was the country, the nation, the aviation ministry has been telling IndiGo that you have to give pilots rest between flights, it has to be at least 48 hours, not 36 as is currently the case. Now there were several exceptions, extensions in fact given to Indigo for quite a while. The next exception and sort of extension ended now in December. But Indigo said we are still not ready. And depending after seeing the flight cancellation and the cos that went up all day today they went ahead. The government was forced. And many are now saying I am twisted into taking a call and giving that exception all over again. IndiGo has again been given the extension to ensure its pilots do not get the 48 hours of rest which is by the way the global standard. So what is the pilots association saying now they are saying they strongly criticize. The DGCA for granting what it calls selective and unsafe dispensation to IndiGo under the revised flight duty time limitations in a letter that was dated 5th of December. We said that story right here in India Today that the ALPA wants that the exemption dilute the fatigue protection norms and jeopardize passenger safety. So pilots are not happy with it. IndiGo is facing its worst crisis ever and here is a ministry which has now been arm twisted into giving it another extension. But talking about who it impacts the most. Well it's The Passenger. It's people like you and me who are standard and who don't know what to do next. I'm joined by one of them. Anadi Vajpayee is a young entrepreneur I am told. Stuck in Kolkata. Okay, we will be alright. We 'll try and get that line with you in just a minute. But let's cut across to my colleague Nagarjuna who joined us from Bangalore. Nagarjuna you just heard both those breaking news right. One Indigo saying that all refunds will be done. I am just surprised to see that Indigo which is or any other airline which communicates through SMS and WhatsApp? Why are they saying this to people straight away and why are they still taking bookings online. Also, why have they not been able to tell people before hand about the cancellation? Alright let me take that question let me take that question to Asim Basim my colleague joining us from Chandigarh Asim ah help me understand a little bit how things are in Chandigarh at the moment IndiGo has issued a statement the pilots association are not happy with the extension but importantly at the airport they have those confirmations from IndiGo reach the passengers. Well as Indigo flights are impacted all over the nation, the scenes in Chandigarh are similar with the passengers facing all harassment. I am close to the Chandigarh airport's Indigo ticketing counter right in the terminal and you can see how the people are feeling helpless and helpless [music] because a lot of flights that depart from here are cancelled since morning. Ah since early morning to late night, there have been lots of cancellations, bringing lots of pain to the passengers. Ah we will talk to some passengers who wanted to travel today and sir, can I have your name sir? What is your name? Sir. Sir, we will talk to some passengers here. Sir, what is your name? Team Vaishnav. Tikam ji, where did you want to go? The flight was cancelled. What happened? I had to go to Ahmedabad. The flight got cancelled. No text message, nothing came. Yes. So only one statement has come from Indigo. They have said that they will provide hotel, food and refund to the passengers. So how do you see this? Are people getting it ? Who knows, I don't think I am getting it. There is no guarantee of refund either. It will come someday and the refund will be given, all that is fine. At least some message has come. I don't know anything. It's just happening. It's very bad. Let's see what happens. The number has not come yet. There is no management here. You see where your flight was? It was Bor's flight. Is your flight cancelled? Yes. What time was yours? The flight was at 6:50. No message email no message no email nothing nothing nothing not at all nothing nothing said we will give sir where is something there are no facilities at least they should have texted first that the flight is cancelled people are coming from far away I have travelled 60 km to reach here my flight is my reaching Bengaluru is so urgent that I cannot tell my mother is there my mother is hospitalised I have to reach there any how I don't know how they will arrange but I have to go right now at this moment. Two More People Over Here. Your flight is also cancelled. Or. It is actually cancelled and we have not even got any message about it. We came from eight hours from Kasol to here for our flight. Indio issued a statement that it will give food, it will give compensation, it will give refunds also. Not Told Anything About That. Getting Anything On? No, they have not told. So, you said you heard that this is how people are reacting here that whatever advisories and whatever statements are being issued they are on paper they yet to come on ground and no intimation from people before the cancellation of flights and nothing they are getting because of the cancellation. They are just getting harassed and they are feeling very helpless.

  Top Comments:
  1. @santoshsivaramkrish [4 likes]: So now Special Vip Rules For indigo and Harder Difficult Rules For Tata Airindia LTD & Spicejet AirLines Limited and Aakasha AirLines Private Limited
  2. @Nothingwala [1 likes]: Bik gayi hai goverment
  3. @deepaksachdeva7919: Govt should ask indigo if they did not have resources to compliance why they were booking flights? Further they were consistent delaying rather than cancelling at first place ?

- How to Actually Afford an Airplane: Kind: captions Language: en there are a lot of videos and articles out there talking about the most affordable airplanes that you can buy today and before buying this little Vans rv12 I watched a lot of these videos and read all these articles about how to get into Aviation affordably and after owning this airplane for a little bit over a year and a half I realized that these videos and articles about the most affordable airplanes have gotten it a little bit wrong and I'm here to tell you why so if you go back and watch all these videos about the most affordable aircraft you're going to realize ize one thing all these videos are presenting certified airplanes so airplanes like the cesna 172 which is actually kind of expensive now cesna 150 Cherokee 140 or maybe an Arona champ or something like a Piper Cub so all certified airplanes a certified airplane is an airplane that was built in a factory certified by the FAA and deemed safe enough to use to make money so safe enough to rent out to other people to charge people to do training in it or to give rides or to use for higher today the market for certified aircraft has gotten completely out of hand especially for brand new airplanes so if you look at the cesna 172 which is amazingly still being produced by cesna aircraft you'll see that the MSRP on a brand new 172 is something like $500,000 or more I don't know what it is but that's insane so a lot of people who buy an aircraft go with an old airplane maybe a cesna 172 that was built in 1965 you could get one for maybe 65 and that's on the lower end or maybe you buy a sesm 150 for $35,000 but with all these certified airplanes you're going to realize one thing so let's say you bought a ces1 150 for $35,000 if you don't have your &p license you are not allowed to work on the airplane yourself so that includes stuff like I don't know regreasing the main Wheels it's kind of a gray area if you can do that or not but let's say you want to make upgrades to the panel you cannot really do that if you don't have yourp maybe you have to change some insulation in the in the fuselage you can't do that if you don't have your license so you're going to have to pay someone usually over $100 an hour to work on the aircraft and then let's say you have to find a replacement part or let's say you want a new radio for your airplane you go on aircraftspruce.com and you look up the radio then you're going to see that there are two price options there's going to be a certified airplane price and an experimental airplane price you're going to notice very quickly that the certified price is way more expensive than the experimental price here is my first tip if you want to get into Aviation and do it affordably my number one piece of advice is to go with an experimental airplane kind of like this one I understand that the words experimental airplane are very scary to a lot of people you know you if you tell the general public hey I fly an experimental airplane they're going to be like whoa you're you're crazy you're flying an experiment in the sky like you're going to die well I'm here to tell you that that's not really the case experimental Aviation is just kind of a blanket term for any airplane that wasn't fully built in a factory or it was plans built or it came in a kit like this one or maybe it was a one-off which is very rare or maybe it was built in a factory but it hasn't gotten its FAA certification yet so pretty much basically any airplane that wasn't built in a factory but experimental Aviation or most experimental airplanes like the little Vans rv12 sitting right behind me are extremely proven designs so the kit for this aircraft was produced in around 2011 I think but the airplane was finished in 2017 this was number 495 on the serial number list so but in general Vans aircraft has made over 11,000 kits and I think there are actually 11,000 flying I don't know the number is huge it's a proven design even though it's it's an experimental airplane so with owning an experimental airplane there are some huge positives number one you can work on the airplane yourself as the owner and you can upgrade it and do anything you want to the panel and there's no real paperwork that is going to Bar you from doing so every year you do have to pay an amp to do your condition inspection if you have a just a regular experimental amateur built airplane but that's no big deal that's one cost a year you maybe pay $800 for someone who spends 8 hours doing your condition inspection okay so yeah tip number one go with an experimental airplane now piggybacking off that tip there's another detail that I want to suggest to you all if you really want to save money and not only just go with an experimental airplane but go with an experimental light sport airplane like the one sitting right behind me now a light sport airplane does have its limitations you know it's limited in speed it can only go 120 knots has to have a fixed pitch propeller fix landing gear only two-seater and only weigh 1,320 lb but there is a huge advantage to owning an experimental light Sport and it's called the light sport repairman inspection course so that is a course that only takes 2 days and it allows you as the owner to do your condition inspections on your experimental light sport airplane not only can you work on the airplane yourself but when it comes down to your yearly condition inspection with the light sport repair man inspection certificate that you can get uh which is only a two-day course and about $400 you can legally sign off on your condition inspections For your airplane so then in the end you never have to pay anyone to work on your airplane of course it's a good idea to not get into something that you don't have a lot of expertise on like my good friend Jack right across the way he helped me out with my engine stuff like taking compression readings and balancing my carburetors he's also got a great YouTube channel so you should check it out real nice guy he's helped me tremendously but he's an am so I used him to help me out but uh huge moneys saving aspect about owning an experimental light sport I definitely recommend it the next tip about owning an affordable airplane is looking into the insurance cost so nowadays insurance rates are skyrocketing for Aviation it's just getting completely out of hand it's really driving a lot of people out of Aviation and owning an airplane but for example before I got this rv12 years ago I really wanted to own a c or an Aventura which both of those are experimental airplanes but they are amphibious airplanes uh you know that can land on the water and land on land uh I really wanted one they're two-seaters they look like a lot of fun they have good payload it just seems like a great airplane for Florida so I was pretty set on getting one uh and then I reached out to my insurance broker to ask hey how much would it cost to insure me in a c r you know just spitballing here uh I have 25 hours of tail wheel time something around there and at the time I think I only had like 200 hours or something like that he came back and told me it would cost me $6,000 to ensure me in a c and on top of that I had to get a whole bunch of training and all this stuff and that's $6,000 per year to ensure myself under liability and also ensure the whole value of the airplane which I believe I don't know I said well take into account maybe $45,000 airplane at that rate you're basically buying a new airplane every 10 years just off of insurance costs alone so that's my third tip really really look into insurance rates things like having a complex airplane you know retractable landing gear variable pitch propeller a high performance and dare I say twin engine all those things if you don't have a lot of time in those airplanes the insurance for you is going to be crazy so really looking to insurance rates if you want to get into Aviation affordably okay last thing I want to talk about is that the world of certified airplanes is dwindling you know it's not a very fun thing to say but it's the truth brand new certified airplanes are getting extremely expensive expensive and all the certified airplanes that you can possibly afford the purchase price for are just getting more rare you know they're crashing or not being maintained and they're built in the 60s Parts become very tough to find and they're going to be very expensive because not only are you trying to Source something that is 50 years old uh it also has to be a certified part so on top of finding the part you have to have all the paperwork behind it and then you have to have an& to do the work and then you have to have an IIA sign off on it the cost starts adding up extremely quickly and it's making these airplanes very hard to keep sure a lot of these videos and articles about the most affordable airplanes are going to say Hey you know annual average annual cost is like 1,200 bucks but that is really if nothing goes wrong remember A&S are charging about $100 per hour at least in my experience maybe you have a better A&P out there but it's very expensive to hire an to do all the work and remember with experimental experimental light sport you can do all the work yourself and then if you go light sport experimental you can sign off on the condition inspections but like I said certified airplanes are dying out but there is a whole new world of airplanes coming up and it's in the experimental Aviation category you know you can get into the gyroplane world you can get into airplanes that look like mine like the bristell sure the new ones are going to be more expensive but also you can get older experimental airplanes like this one and you can maintain it yourself and this one is a relatively modern airplane comp compared to certified airplanes flying today so basically I just want to leave you with this so even though a lot of what I said maybe not be so positive about certified airplanes dying out the whole new world of experimental airplanes is growing and it's growing quickly especially with the passing or the future passing of the Mosaic rules a lot of cool fast two-seater airplanes might be open for light sport Pilots okay so those were my big tips for getting into Aviation affordably and how to actually afford an airplane quick recap go with an experimental airplane don't go with certified unless you want to pay someone and do all the work and get certified parts that might be for you that's okay uh if you go experimental consider experimental light sport because of the cost that you save doing the work yourself and doing your condition inspections look into Insurance costs you know they add up really quickly and just the insurance rate can keep you from owning an airplane on top a hanger costs and things like that and number four certified aircraft are dying out and there's a whole new wave of experimental airplanes coming up that are going to be really exciting those are my major tips for getting into Aviation affordably I hope you enjoyed the video till next time blue skies and I'll see you on the next flight [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @FloridaFlying [360 likes]: TIP #6: You have to be very passionate about aviation. Even though these tips are for saving money, you will still invest a lot into an airplane. You have to love it and be willing to make sacrifices for it. Not everyone can afford an airplane, but these are steps in the right direction.
  2. @dalefunk2709 [2 likes]: i used to work in aviation and you can do a lot of the work without an a&p as long as someone who has it comes behind you to check everything and sign off
  3. @rrjair: Didn't it kind of freak you out buying a plane that a guy built at home not knowing if he/she knew what they were doing? I tend to be overboard on anything I do. How did you account for the "shade tree mechanic" type builder?
  4. @pendleton123: I REALLY  want a Searay when I get in my 40s. $7k for insurance is nuts
  5. @iwantosavemoney: Am debating on a helicopter vs plane
  6. @larryfalkin63: Are experimental aircraft available for sale or do you have to build it for yourself?
  7. @toadamine: i inherited two aircraft... an ultra light and a hang glider. never put either one together... i use the ultralight motor and propeller
 as a shop fan... lol

i was thinking about building a foam airplane like a mini long EZ and put the ultralight motor in it...

i was also thinking about making a bigger one and putting an aluminum LS1 V-8 with like 500HP in it.... but that would be kinda pricey..

you didnt mention fractonal ownership.. thats quite common with aircraft.
  8. @TheonlyZerosumgame: I have had this urge to buy a 152 or 172 and drop a Rotax 916 in it, saves 110lbs it’s turbo so performance is better at altitude, and on SIP mode and a variable pitch, you can cruise at 120 kn around 4-5 GPH increased range increased payload.. why not? 

Oh and it can run on 91 octane
  9. @hmarkison: You can do a great deal of work on your own aircraft.  Almost all basic maintenance like oil changes, lamp changes, etc.
Having said that, owning an airplane is always expensive.
  10. @BoiFr-zs6dh: This guy put auto tune on for talking
  11. @andor8635: The goverment has gotten in General Aviation and madeit  real expensive.  I bought a certified airplane years ago much cheaper I remembering buy a used run out C172  1972 for $20,000 dollars back in the early 80S  I later rebuilt the Lycoming engine for $19,000 but inflation has push parts up in price. I use to pay $1.75 a gallon of avgas now it's $7.00 a gallon. Spark plugs use to be $18,0 a plug now $40 a plug. All the new airplane have digital panels which cost thousands of dollars. I have the old steam gages. The older planes that were rectified are not being built as many some crash some get destroyed for variest reason. Yes they sell new but not to many to expensive.
  12. @wolfmantroy6601: With the new MOSAIC regulations many more planes are available to fly with the Sport Pilot license.
  13. @phildc9397: I m looking for plans wilson global explorer
  14. @JasonGriffith007: 😂 stfu.
  15. @waltersobchak9427: 800$ once a year alone makes flying impractical for most people.
  16. @BlakeLberg-d6v: I really don’t have anywhere to go
  17. @stevenbathurst7027: what about hanger and airport fees, fuel?
  18. @L4T1NK4R0: I have a much shorter tip for you: don't get into aviation if you make average income.
  19. @Vincent-t1s8l: I appreciate the information.
  20. @golffoxtrotyankeehooligan222: The range on that aircraft and max payload with fuel two people in it average weight 225? How much fuel can I put in it in? What range can I fly it and at what altitude?

- The reality of owning your own airplane: Kind: captions Language: en after five years of owning a cessna 182 here's my honest take on the really fun things and also the hard things about it the first thing i noticed and it's remained consistent throughout the last five years is the sense of adventure you have when you own an airplane and so this might sound obvious but but for a lot of people that don't yet fly they can probably think hey is that overrated is it an exaggeration that you can just kind of go wherever whenever and i can answer that for you it's not an exaggeration with very few restrictions you can go just about wherever you want and experience some really cool things so i've been able to experience the backcountry mountains of idaho which are just captivating i've seen really cool views of state and national parks here in texas out in west texas be able to explore the underrated parts of northwestern arkansas just the beauty that that part of the country holds and so many other things because of having an airplane so it's really not an exaggeration of what you're able to do even in a small airplane and so even though it doesn't go that fast it's a heck of a lot faster than driving and i like to say that hey my 182 will take you anywhere you want to go in the country pretty comfortably if you can just sit there long enough but i also quickly realized that along with all the adventure and newfound freedom that you get owning an airplane also comes all the unexpected scenarios the unexpected maintenance and and to a large degree i already expected these i mean um that stuff just happens but so it's one thing to expect it and it's another thing to actually experience it and think oh man i'm i'm nowhere near my hometown and this went wrong so i'm kind of stuck here until i can get this fixed those situations have happened i've never gotten real out of position but it's kind of just something you're always always dealing with and and stuff will come up so not not a deal breaker by any means but it's a very real thing that happens so if you're going to buy an airplane you have to just kind of expect to the unexpected which i don't really love that saying but but it's turned out to be very very true after flying it for about 50 to uh really even like 100 hours i was really surprised by how much my skills had grown in my competence in that particular airplane more so than i expected it's one thing to have a hundred hours in a certain type of airplane it's another thing to have a hundred hours in the exact same airplane because all the avionics are the same you get to go through different procedures and different types of flying but it's all in the same airplane all the switches are in the same place all the you know landing kind of feels the same and everything so i was able to progress a lot more in 100 hours of flying the same airplane than 100 hours of flying a bunch of other types of airplanes and things so that's one really really rewarding and fun part about owning your own airplane is that you can become really really good at it in a way that it's just harder to do when you're kind of renting different types of airplanes so once i had a few years under my belt i could look back and start to think about expenses because i didn't want to overreact in year one if expenses were higher on maintenance or you know whatever and so once i had kind of a few years worth of data to work with i can confirm that yes flying is expensive you're going to have you're going to more expensive years you're going to have less expensive years but it's all expensive i purposely haven't calculated the hourly cost but i uh i figure it's probably 150 to 200 or so for the 182 depending on how much i fly um but my outlook on expenses really comes down to three things one is that i'm never gonna skimp on maintenance of the ways to get hurt in aviation this is so so avoidable and so if i can't afford the maintenance on the airplane i'm not going to fly i'm not going to own the airplane that's a deal breaker for me the second thing is that i want to live within my means i want to spend less than i make and then the third kind of principle to live by financially i believe is to take the remaining the residual um time energy effort resources that you have and then and then allocate it in places uh that are that are important to you and so if flying can fit into all of those three things and remain consistent then i think for me flying has been a green light so yes some years are more expensive than others but as long as those principles can hold true for me then i try not to sweat it too much one of the most fun parts of flying for me might actually surprise you because as awesome as exploring the mountains of idaho or the different parts of the country can be really one of the most rewarding moments has been the unspectacular ones when you're flying across central texas which isn't much to look at but it allows you the chance to think and think deeply about how grateful i am to live in a time and a place of human history where this is even possible i try never to get bored in the cockpit because i'm so grateful to have that opportunity and to enjoy you know looking at the world thousands of feet above it going 150 miles an hour and it's just it's just awesome so oddly enough that's been one of the most fun parts of flying for me has been just a deep sense of gratitude that i've been able to develop in the unspectacular moments owning an airplane has also been a really practical tool for me my family lives hundreds of miles away so anytime i go visit them having the airplane is a really really useful part of that process but along with that one of the downsides comes stress so anytime you're counting on the airplane or counting on the weather to cooperate it can add stress anytime one of those things isn't quite cooperating and there's been times where i i fly down there the weather is great and it's time to come home the weather sucks and so you might have to get out of position because you might borrow a car or something and drive all the way home and then you got to reverse the process to get back into position first world problems i know but uh it's a useful tool until it isn't and then there's some stress involved with that but that's been more than worth it for me i think it's kind of part of the fun and one thing that is both fun and challenging has been the timing of expenses one huge shift that i've noticed from renting an airplane moving over to owning an airplane has been when you actually pay for flying when you rent you know you only pay when you're using it which has an upside because you can kind of control the expenses up and down but it has a downside because anytime you want to just go fly and watch the sunset you get a bill for how much that costs you just go watch that sunset and it's like oh that's kind of a harsh way to think about it but in owning the opposite is true because the the best days are the days where you already have a full tank gas you go fly for a few hours and you put the airplane up and you didn't spend a penny at least not not the way that it felt that day but then the opposite is true when the airplane might be at in in the shop for a while or weather sucks for a while but you're still paying for the hanger and you're still paying for all the other stuff and you're like well i spent a lot of money on that and didn't really get to use it as much so just the timing of expenses is a different dynamic it's got pros and cons sometimes you love it sometimes uh you kind of miss renting in that regard but that that's been something that's just taken some getting used to so while i've learned these things over five years of owning an airplane i have put together my thoughts of things that i've learned over 16 years of flying in general and you can get those over at airplaneacademy.com join i put together a five day free email series where i put together my five most impactful lessons that i've learned as an aviator over the last 16 years and i want to share those with you i hope that it'll serve you in your aviation journey so airplaneacademy.com join we'll get you signed up for free and i'd love to get to know you a little bit better through email and i look forward to seeing you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @AirplaneAcademy [1 likes]: Hey guys! I wanted to let you know I just launched an "Insiders" Newsletter where once a week I'm sharing an important lesson I've learned in aviation, links to my latest content so you don't miss out, and links to any other interesting or helpful content I've found. Subscribe (it's free) at: https://airplaneacademy.com/insiders
  2. @DWCessna4130 [1 likes]: The prices now from just two years ago have dramatically increased. To anyone curios the September 2023 prices for airplane ownership are radically different from these prices back in 2021.
  3. @saeidbadiedds [1 likes]: You seem like a genuinely nice guy and very informative. Thank you for your passion so that we can learn from you!
  4. @TonyArechiga: The more I look into flying the more you find countless videos of people justifying the cost of flying your own plane. 

Owning seems way more inconvenient and costly than just flying commercially. Unless flying is your literal life and source of income. Or if you are wealthy and have thousands of dollars to burn per month. Ha! 

Seems better off renting and just sort of flying around distances within 3-6 hours away.
  5. @LikaMig: The spiritual inspiration is priceless...
  6. @marimoedmond: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @EricaBeee: Got straight to it. Thank you!
  8. @Fjord_Driver: I have been interested in aviation for a long time. Do I own a plane? Nope. The true reality is, if I did, it would spend most of it's time sitting and collecting dust. Sure, I could take it to visit a few friends, but I'm not going to be popping by every other weekend from a multi state flight. Would it save me drive time? Yes. Would it save me money? Nope. I am not retired or rich. It's like guys who buy boats and then you see the boat spending most of its time in storage or under a tarp on the side of the house. Between insurance, hangar fees(if you can find one and afford it), time to actually go out and stay current flying, fuel costs, it is just a big no from a personal purchase standpoint for me. You are at the mercy of the weather whenever you take an extended trip. Need to be back in time to get to work? Hmmm. Mechanical breakdowns happen. The list goes on. It's a toy purchase and an expensive one at that.
You increase your expenses, your liability, your risk factors. If someone knocked on my door and asked if I wanted to do all three of those things by signing a paper, the door gets slammed shut. Oh and you have to shell out another $8,000+ for getting your pilots license. And then even more if you want your IFR rating. Welcome to the money pit. Don't forget the regular flight reviews, and inspections, repairs, upgrades, subscriptions, expensive headsets and on and on and on. Plane for sale. Ran like a top when I put it in storage years ago.
  9. @Cosme422: I would love to own one if I were rich like you but I was born poor :-)
  10. @davidholubetz1014: Nice video, good info.  Like the way you look and talk, puts me at ease.  Hoping to buy soon.
  11. @elijahmohammed6775: I'm in Austin Texas, and I hope one day to own an airplane! About how much doe it cost to store it?
  12. @RomeoLorenzo: Just discovered your channel.  Thanks for the Pro/Con comparison. ✈
  13. @robertwagner9933: I think this is a very very helpful channel for a new very new pilot Like myself
  14. @sampletaster5093: Like the vid. I would like to see a vid on what and how to see things once you reach your destination. Rental cars are not always available. What can you do after you land?
  15. @wckoek: For those who own your own plane, I wondered how many hours do guys fly per year?
Trying to justify the cost of renting vs owning.
  16. @wilurbean: How much income does someone need to own a plane? This is aspect is confusing because a lot of these videos say you need like 15 to 20k a year in cash. Do many people really has that much money to burn per se? In sure many ppl could allocate that much money, but to pay the mortgage, retirement, taxes, etc would seem to eat up all that money, even for someone making 120k or more
  17. @jimecee: Very informative, thank you!
  18. @Jay-go3il: Love this video very informative
  19. @stealhty1: Most important, availability of having the plane waiting for you when ever to where ever,,,I had two three other pilots beging me to let go my schedule just because they also want to  use the club plane on a beautiful weather weekend
  20. @willarddevoe5893: Planes and loans go together like Corvettes and booze.

- Owning an Airplane Costs WHAT!!! Real honest breakdown: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, my name is Kinsey and I am a pilot and aircraft owner and the number one question I get is what is the cost of owning a plane? I literally have all of my receipts, all of my paperwork. I want to take you guys through what it actually costs to own a plane. So, if you're looking to buy an airplane for the first time, you're probably going to buy a Cessna 172, 182, or a Piper Archer or Warrior. Number one cost, of course, is going to be the purchase price of the plane. Yes, you can get a loan for this purchase price or you can buy it cash. It all depends on your financial situation, but that price can range from $50,000 to probably $150,000 for a great starter plane. Also, what matters when you do the purchase price and see if you get a loan is insurance. My insurance for the year, I bought on the higher end because I had new avionics. I have a beautiful paint job and it is an archer and not a warrior. So, my plane cost me $150,000. So, that was on the very high end. When you're insuring an aircraft, you're insuring on the purchase price. So, this is very important because your insurance premium is going to go up. I also rent mine back to a school. When I say this amount, know that it is way higher for me because of the school and also because I have a more expensive plane. So, mine for insurance for the year is $8,700. Okay, that seems like a lot. It is. Some of my friends who have a plane that maybe cost them $70,000, they're looking at $2,000 for the year in insurance. So, it really depends on the cost of the plane, how much you want to insure. So, that does range. I just want to be completely transparent with the cost. So, mine is 8,700. So, the next big cost is going to be your fuel, your oil, and normally we put aside a little bit of cost every single hour for operating cost. This is for planning for maintenance because you're going to see maintenance is the big cost as an owner. Okay, for my Archer, which is pretty similar to a Cessna as far as fuel burn, we are going to be burning about 10 gallons an hour about. Okay, so 10 gall an hour, usually fuel is about $5 to $6 an hour. Round that up. We're going to be paying $60 an hour for fuel just to fly the plane. And then I like to put away $10 an hour for maintenance cost. Okay, does that make sense? So, we've got $60 an hour for fuel. Let's just say $10 for oil. And then we do $10 for random operating and maintenance costs. So, that puts us at $80 an hour to fly. It's actually pretty doable. It's not bad. And if you have a friend jumping your plane, you can prat a share and split up that cost, but the rest of the costs are going to be on you. Now, we're going to get into the nitty-gritty that nobody wants to talk about, but I'm going to show you because I've been an aircraft owner now for 1 year, all the expenses that I paid. I have for sure these 6 months here, which has been not bad. When I first bought my plane, we had to do a lot of repairs. Even though it passed with flying colors, the inspection that we did when we did the pre-by, be careful who you hire for a pre-buy. There was a lot a lot a lot a lot we needed to repair. Let's just go over to cost of maintenance. And we had in-house maintenance, so this was easy to do and it wasn't too bad. But I'm just going to run through random maintenance costs and say them out loud. Just so you know, these random things are going to come up. Obviously, this is over the year. We have replace right tire and replace two brake linings, $580. New compass install, $300. Replace cow fastener. Oh, and my cowling fastener. We had to replace that. $250. New magnetic compass, $975. Magnuggetic compass mount, $75. Then we have a new tire, $387. A new tube, $360. Brake linings, $50. Cow fastener, $37. You also, every single month, need to pay for your tie down and your parking. If you have a hanger, that is so lucky. I wish I had a hanger. Hangar costs can range depending on the airport you're at from $500 to $1,000 a month. Could be a little bit lower if you're at a small airport. I tie down my plane. Okay, so I literally just pay for a parking spot and that parking spot is $100 a month. It is not covered. I wish my aircraft was protected and it was covered, but it's not. Monthly clean. This is another thing. You want to keep your aircraft clean. Obviously, you can clean it yourself. So, this can be a cost that you can save, but I personally have someone clean it once a month, and that is $100. The other thing you have to think about is inspections. I have mine out of school, so I get a 50 hour and 100 hour inspection. You don't have to do that if you're just a private pilot owner, but you do need to have an annual inspection. Annual inspections can be very costly. So, I have my annual inspection here at $1,500. So, map that in every single month, $1,500. There was a lot other random repairs. This was when we first got it. all those crazy things you heard. It was like adding up. It kept it was one thing after another and we constantly needed to replace it. And at that time, I had probably spent about $5,000 just to get the plane up to speed to be completely safe and where we wanted it to be. Now, I'm going to go over the last 6 months of my ownership operating cost, which actually hasn't been that bad. Now that we got the plane, worked out the kinks. There hasn't been a lot of repairs in the last 6 months because it was up to speed. It hasn't been bad. We had the insurance. I paid that in January 1st, $8,000. That was a big payment. Then we had nitrogen service, $97. Not bad. ELT service. I needed a new ELT. That was $900. Actually, that is all the repairs in the last 6 months. So, not bad. So, if you get your plane up to speed and you have a great operating machine, but I also know coming up, I was informed by my maintenance crew that I'm going to need new rims soon, and that's going to cost me about $1,500 $2,000. So, the biggest expense with owning a plane, I do believe, is going to be the maintenance. And you never know what's going to happen. Make sure when you're buying an aircraft, it has low time and you're not going to be worried about those things. And when you're doing the big inspection, you're looking at the small. If it's a landing light you need to repair, that's totally fine. So, breaking it all down you guys in what is the cost of owning a plane, just know when you first buy a plane, you're going to make a lot of repairs unless it's just happens to be pristine. But from there, you have insurance, operating cost, oil, fuel, tie down, and cleaning. So, not too bad. The other big cost that you don't think about are taxes. When you buy the plane, you have to pay tax on the plane. So, you have to report to the IRS how much you bought the plane for, and you're going to pay tax on that. Then, you also have to pay for your registration. These all have costs. I don't actually know my exact cost. I believe my registration was $900. So, the those are going to be your big upfront costs. Luckily, I will say if you use your plane for business, it is a big tax deduction. So, last year I was able to take a big tax write off by buying my plane because I use it for my business and so that is very helpful. I hope this was really helpful and I really broke it down for you guys. If you have any questions, let me know below. Make sure you guys like, subscribe. I'll be totally transparent on everything about my ownership or about my life as a pilot. So, if you have any questions, let me know. Quick little moment for my sponsor. Thank you guys so much to 10X Health. I have been on a 10X Health protocol and I've shared this on YouTube before, but what it means is that I did a precision genetic test that figured out my genes, my genes. And then from there, we got the supplementation, an entire customized supplementation daily for what I need to take for my genetics. So that was step one. And then step two was I did blood work. And then from the blood work, I figured out what I'm deficient in. So I take my sache and then I take all my customized supplements of everything that I was deficient in. And then 10X will just send them on a monthly schedule. And then the fun thing of from that is after that I take another blood work test in 3 months to show how I'm doing, how my body's responding, and if I'm still deficient in those things, which is awesome. So, I've gotten a food plan, weight loss plans, food I should avoid, everything from A to Z. I'm taking Methyline Blue with my red light. So, I am on a superhuman protocol with 10X. So, I just want to share that with you guys because they have been the best sponsor, the best person ever. Like, what they've offered to my life has been insane and I am feeling fit and amazing. So, I wanted to give them a quick shout out. Thank you guys so much always for watching. I

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ray-t9r8b [1 likes]: Good thing Daddy has money
  2. @TheRedghostman [1 likes]: Here from the Arena!!! Same interest!!
  3. @gerhardfaustka: It's a great but expensive hobby, but it's each single Pence worth 🙃, thanks for your explenation.
  4. @ChrisF-h2m: Anyone working-class person making under $300K per year should not own an airplane unless it is through an LLC and required for earning the income.
  5. @rizwanalamrizzy: Seems like a luxury car's expenses
  6. @PatrickE: I see this plane is for sale now.
  7. @davidpeck596: If you think this is expensive, don't buy a race car.
  8. @tjcroft4166: @ 0:03... Oh wow... fk yeah , honey ! 🧐😘😆- - - subbed !
  9. @averygentry35: You pay $1500 every month for Annual?
  10. @TonyArechiga: "Not bad" understatement of the century. Haha
  11. @commonsenseisntcommon24-7: Gorgeous!!!!!
  12. @karlwiebe3806: Crazy. Most people can't afford rent, lol.
  13. @啊啊啊-k1i: 😎❤🎉彼得。。😮。恩 亞
  14. @Stacy-x7m: Where's the aircraft engineering people?
  15. @FarooqAhmadi-i7s: thanks for your beneficial information, tell me how long does it take to become a pilot?
  16. @auto_pilot: $1,500 for an annual? That’s an unbelievably low price. I routinely pay much more than that for annual costs. You aren’t factoring into your equation the engine or prop depreciation on overhaul. That needs to be at least $30-$40/hr for them combined.
  17. @Yefriart88: the excel ber the both what how in folder good titles the pictureds to yes makeds undertend to she what my its i free of the valueds but contratation to who my counter incluse in comment you of what of form forced you my employed with yes my ber
  18. @jamesguido9877: I was really interested as you shared the costs of your airplane. I thought that part was reasonably well done. However, you lost me when you tried to sell me supplements while behind you was a wine rack with at least 30 bottles of wine. Recent scientific studies done at several major universities in the have determined that "NO amount of alcohol is safe to drink. NONE!" so if you truly want to be healthy, lose the wine.
  19. @bobstan5503: The cost of flying is not for the faint of heart. I owned planes for 26 years and as the capability of the aircraft increases so do the costs. The are other costs not mentioned like GPS data base updates, charts in either paper or digital, and TRAINING. if you don’t actively train the deck is stacked against you. When I sold my last aircraft 10 years ago when I retired, the annual cost was north of $120,000 for a pressurized turbocharged twin. And that didn’t include engine overhauls at $90,000 or more, each.
  20. @Michael-ud5og: How are these novelty toys used for business? And used for tax deductable business expense??

- The REAL Cost of Owning A Private Jet: Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever found yourself in a middle seat on a cross-country flight fighting tooth and nail with the sick person beside you for the armrest then you know what a pain it is to fly commercial sure you end up where you're going if you're lucky but do you actually enjoy the journey sitting all the way back in 42e for some flying is a luxurious experience you can sail high above the clouds in a plush leather seat making conference calls and whisking yourself off to an exotic destination if you have a private jet that is a private jet is one of the first investments I truly made once I made a name for myself and I can happily say I don't regret it I haven't fought over an armrest or a bag of peanuts in years but I can't deny there are a few drawbacks a few very very large financial drawbacks today we're going to take a look at how much a truly cost to own a private jet I'll even include how much it costs yearly to fly and maintain the private jets that I earn so what exactly do you have to do to maintain a private jet once you buy the actual plane private jets aren't a one and done situation you have to pay for every takeoff every landing every bag of peanuts and bottle of wine then I'll rent fees where you have to pay whenever your plane has a layover there are landing fees which vary from 100 to 500 bucks where you have to pay for every single landing your plane makes there also hangar fees which cover the cost of parking your plane in a hangar after all if you've spent 100 million dollars on your plane chances are you're not going to want it sitting out in the rain on average hangar fees land around 81 thousand dollars per year if you want your plane part and ready to go at a hop an airport like LAX they charge up to $12,000 per month adding up to a staggering 144 thousand dollars per year of course flying is considered a rather dangerous endeavor so you'll need insurance and not just one kind all insurance which covers damage to the plane and all of its systems runs around $34,000 per year on top of that if you're the owner of the jet you'll need single liability insurance which tacks on another fun free of 12 half thousand dollars that's not even mentioning fuel costs which vary from plane to plane but can cost as much as fifty three thousand dollars for a single fill if you're keeping track so far our expenses are steadily climbing to a fairly high altitude now sure the plane is important but unless you're a pilot you're going to need a crew and you're going to have to shell out quite a bit of money to keep them around on average you can expect to pay about two hundred and fifteen thousand dollars per year for a pilot copilot and two flight attendants you have to pay overnight fees for your crew which include launching transportation and food if you're planning on staying at a destination for a while you can send your crew back to your home base that'll cost you will repositioning fee on top of all these and necessary fees there are a few random out layers that go with operating such a complex piece of machinery if you're flying from Cuba to Florida in the middle of December looking to escape to a warmer climate you'll have to pay a de-icing fee before your wheels hop off the tarmac if something goes wrong with your jets you can look at paying as much as sixty thousand dollars for a new windshield or eight thousand dollars for a new tire in other words cross your fingers and hope that you're flying from a warm destination to a whole nest ination with no repairs in store now let's get down into the nitty-gritty the price difference between aircraft the most common private jet in the world is this Cessna Citation XLS a small firecracker of a jet they can seat eight people along with four crew members the Cessna is a bit dated but it's often upgraded and fitted with all new tech and luxurious touches buying an updated Cessna will cost you around 14 million dollars if you want to buy a 10 year old basic model it'll run you about four million dollars if you're flying around 200 hours per year that's enough to jet from LA to London about 15 times it'll cost you around eight hundred and five thousand dollars to maintain the plane that rounds out to about ten dollars and 15 cents per mile but maybe you want something a little nicer than an old Cessna Citation XLS maybe you want something luxurious like the Gulfstream 650 I can't say enough about this plane which is actually the one I decided to purchase years ago this jet has a lounge area with a sofa and a flat-screen television that pops out of a credenza the credenza also has an added bonus a wine cabinet where chilled bubbly awaits in my case it's normally a nice white wine there's also a dining room in a private state room where a couch folds out into a double sized bed for being 30,000 feet above the ground the bed is fairly comfortable and I've had my fair share of nights in the mile-high club I have many lovely memories on my Gulfstream g650 but that hasn't come without investing a fair share of my money into it it costs about 1.6 million dollars a year to operate the Gulfstream to fly 200 hours per year which is around my average the feel alone costs almost a half a million dollars when you factor in how much the plane cost of purchase in the first place around sixty five point five million dollars you're talking about a lot of money of course don't have to buy a plane you can charter one instead before I took the plunge and bought my Gulfstream I was chartering jets almost every other weekend and it doesn't come cheap if you're chartering a small plane you can expect to pay between two thousand to three thousand dollars per hour the Cessna Citation which is considered a mid-sized plane costs around ninety five hundred dollars per hour but the Gulfstream will cost you around $13,000 per hour if you're flying from New York to London every week you're going to be racking up some pretty hefty chartering rates all in all the world of private jets is an exciting enticing luxuries and downright expensive one what do you think of the costs of owning and operating private jets would you prefer to buy alright let me know in the comments down below as always thanks for watching if you enjoy the video make sure to leave a like and subscribe mr. luxury pip-pip to doodly-doo you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MJibcoOFFICIAL [1 likes]: Own.
  2. @MariaSantiago-s5n [1 likes]: deivid.santigo.
Giseie.oivera.
  3. @briancompton6326: maybe it's just better to rent the private jet whenever you need it ...not own it .
  4. @markweber7110: I would take a global over Gulfstream
  5. @markweber7110: First thing a Gulfstream G6 50 is about $75 a citation 10 is about $25 million and this guy is all over the Internet
  6. @markgreat-s3f: The best is owing private jet
  7. @mikimikemike1: i can afford 2 of them
  8. @Aggrey706: Rent per trip
  9. @markweber7110: $100 million I don’t think so. The top globals like 75.
  10. @geraldinechinazor8933: I would like to own a private jet
  11. @danielbarrera9450: Does it come with free oil change and tires protection  free repair on transmission and motor  🤔
  12. @gallantprakoso7412: I’ll buy for rent
  13. @spaceace9680: you totally forgot required scheduled maintenance and certification (bases on hours of flying time )  A SIGNIFICANT $$$$$$$$- as a frequent corp. jet passenger I do agree the Gulfstream is the best
  14. @svongsa: If I have hundreds of millions or billions, I’ll buy a Gulfstream or two.
  15. @RenoReborn: Why does a private jet need flight attendants? I'm genuinely curious
  16. @NAVEENKUMAR-so7tj: I own a little 110cc bike which always lay to the kerb side under all weather with no park fee and holds an insurance, decent fuel for seemless 400km ride with minimal to no controls and sometimes it goes on autopilot and it does smooth landing too, coming to pilot, crew, it just requires a all in one rider who is crew, pilot, everything😂
  17. @maxschmidt666: Pro: It saves you time.
Cons: Absolutely everything else
  18. @samguy7587: If I made $30000000 a year I’d definitely buy a jet lol.
  19. @kylejantjiesauthor: Quite cheap, I say from my one bedroom flat
  20. @micesir1243: I will continue taking public planes.

- Family Life as an Airline Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en is it possible to be an airline pilot and still have a family hi my name is Darren I'm a dad I'm an airline pilot I am a husband to a scientist and I'm going to kind of have a short video about how it is possible to both be a dad an airline pallet and a husband so first I always mention my wife when I open my videos saying I'm a husband to a scientist who is this scientist well she's right here her name is Kelly uh we met 22 years ago a long time ago and she is indeed a DNA forensic scientist she is incredibly intelligent now when we met I was a computer repair man she was a scientist we made about the same amount of money it came to a day that she said you know what you weren't happy with what your job was at the time I was doing software and she told me to either go be a pilot or find a new career well thankfully she had some raises and she was able to afford a flying hobby which was me she was able to kind of pay all the bills for the most part while I was in Flight Training and when I was an airline pilot cuz my pay wasn't very much when I first started flying it 100% helps that my wife fully supports my career if she did not support my career none of us would be possible cuz let's face it when I am on some in some fancy hotel on the beach she's at home with our kids uh when I am out enjoying a nice quiet night in the hotel or on an overnight in some random City she's having to do everything at home this career will destroy your family if you let it now I'm fortunate enough to live N9 miles from the largest base at my Airline I have pretty good quality of life if you live in say de Mo Iowa and let's say your spouse and their family is from De Mo Iowa they have a established career there they love the mo Iowa you want to be an airline pilot if they support your career you need to have that talk that listen I want to do this Airline col thing right doing so means I might not be as home as much CU if you commute you will not be as home as much as as a someone that lives in base that's a that's a fact um at the same airline anyway so you to have that talk like listen I want I want to be an airline pet you need to figure out where is the closest or the most convenient place to commute to if you live in De Mo I wouldn't be based in LA because you can't get there probably pretty easily but you you can't get to like Chicago maybe Salt Lake Center uh City Denver maybe Atlanta you have to see where you can get to with the most frequency of flights not the you know not the uh biggest airplanes per se but you want to look at frequency of flights is more important than big airplane small airplane kind of thing but uh my wife supports my career so thankfully I can do this job now as far as time off goes I am home a lot more than people think I am I you know when I when I flew the Airbus that's what I had the most time on five years of my 17-e career was spent on the Airbus um I averaged eight nights in hotels a month now that's not saying I worked eight days a month that just means eight nights away in a hotel room not at home but the other times again I'm if a trip starts for example at 11:00 a.m. in the morning I'm home for breakfast get the kids ready for school get the house all organized before I leave and then I go to work and then of course I am gone for an average 3 days right I might get home at noon on day three more likely 4: or 5 in the afternoon on day three well I can still come home do the the evening dinner thing kids go to bed and I'm done so we have established commuting and time at home when I am time at home what do we do with all that that free time right well I'm often asked why I became an airline pilot flying passengers versus flying cargo doing corporate work or anything else well getting into this career you know my wife said hey go be a pilot right there's also some stipulations right she want to be able to travel the world wherever she wanted to go to right flying passes around my wife gets unlimited travel benefits anywhere my airline flies my kids get the same my parents have passed away but my in-laws are able to get the same benefits travel anywhere they want to go let my airline flies for free for us for my in-laws it's pretty cheap um and my kids get till I think they're 23 years old I do have buddy passes that's a whole different story but my kids right my oldest she's not 13 years old she's been on over 700 flights in her lifetime most of those flights happened before she was like s years old uh when she was younger again my wife has a great job great benefits she gets six weeks vacation a year my wife does uh plus sick time so when we were just starting out flying we didn't have lot of money we could fly for free or next to free so we took a lot of day trips together my wife and I then when my kid was older we took a lot of trips you know CU we couldn't afford to go to Disney World per se but we can go to Mall of America and Mall of America is pretty cheap right we can fly out there for next to nothing go to the Mall of America walk around stay in a hotel cheap hotel and fly back the next day uh my oldest has been to Europe five or six times because again we work for an airline the world gets smaller one of the most memorable trips I can remember when my oldest was younger was Friday afternoon came home from school to want to see a waterfall well you know it's by this point it's like 2014 we can see a waterfall on YouTube or so hold on a second look at the fights to Toronto and buffalo well we can go to toron Toronto non-stop out of Dallas so we flew toron we flew Toronto rented a car drove down to nagara Falls I showed my youngest oh sorry my oldest a real waterfall and uh the world got a lot smaller when she was younger now there's a huge disparity my oldest has been on maybe 700 flights my youngest maybe 150 flights like if you're a parent you understand this with your first kid you do all the milestones in a nice little book and she's a log book my second kid doesn't have a log book just travel but again my kids they're used to travel and it's a benefit that I can share with them part of my work is being able to see the world so that's something I think as far as time with family even uh you know I say always before Co before Co we would take random trips as a family because we could right you know again Friday afternoon what you want to do this weekend I don't know where can we fly to my airline has a a great great feature for employees called Best Bets where you put on you put in where you starting from when you have to be back and it shows you every flight in the system that has open seats even connecting flights pretty neat so we did a lot of Best Bets years ago now there are bad parts of being a pilot right I do miss events even when I do my best to make an event I miss an event uh it can be something as simple as hey my kid had to play on Friday afternoon right my trip ends Thursday morning that should be fine but stuff happens right and sometimes I don't can't even make it home by Friday afternoon best Your Best Bets can often Come Undone but I do make a lot of events if I know about the event far enough in advance I can move my schedule around to get the time off now if it's an important event like my some a death in an immediate family or my if I have a sibling that's getting married I can ask she Chief pilot for the day off you know even if it's uh Fourth of July and I'm brand new but it's a very important event I knew about seven months ago I can arrange with the chief pilot to get the Fourth of July off even as a new hire now if it's the 4th of July every single year that's suspicious but if you need time off you can get time off even as a new hire as long as it's an important event now if it's like your wife's Best Friend's Wedding probably not but something an actual important event you can get time off even on the average month uh as a reserve I get 12 days off a month hard days could be more days after you know after I don't work every single day even as a line holder I at 15 days off a month that's fewer days per month worked than an office worker would work and we can do we do lots of stuff as a family on my days off having fallowing weekends even if I reserve pilot if I'm on reserve on a weekend and I'm on Long call Reserve I can do stuff with the family even short call Reserve I can go with the six class with the family and except around town so supposed to be an airline pilot on reserve or even line holder and still have a family life it all depends on where you live and what your social your situation is again for me living in base means everything I'm a used qual life person qu life why have life above everything else because if I can't have if I can't have my family what's point of having a job that's just me so I am not the authority on airline pilot quality life and how to raise a family I'm just giveing you my examples right it works for my family my kids have only known me as a an airline pilot you know they have never seen me do anything else uh my wife she knew me before being a pilot and we work we work together to make it work it's give and you know give and receive the entire time hope this video was somewhat cohesive hope it makes sense it was a little bit jumbled together have a great day and as always thank you for stopping by

  Top Comments:
  1. @hutchonfire1 [26 likes]: I love that you recognize your wife’s sacrifice and are clearly a team together. Good for you both
  2. @michaelniedermeyer282 [9 likes]: Appreciate this raw and very “un-romanticized” look into the life of an airline pilot. I’ve enjoyed watching some of your vlogs too!

I just took my discovery flight the other day.. and have to say it was totally rad! Despite some of the challenges, really eager to pursue this career. 

Keep up the good work, thanks!
  3. @trevoradamson5487 [5 likes]: A note regarding airlines accommodating hotels for commuters at 2:15 (at least at the regional level) - Air Wisconsin covers up to 6 hotels per month for commuters. Great video
  4. @PilotReidB [5 likes]: I was reading a reddit post the other day about how to keep a relationship as an airline pilot. Step 1. Keep your thing in your pants. Step 2. Keep your thing in your pants. Step 3. Seriously, keep your thing in your pants!. Step 4. communicate
  5. @heresthething9740 [4 likes]: Captain (You've earned the promotion), thank you for your insight.  Being the same age (with a 6 year old daughter) makes your content that more interesting to me.  You bring a side of the industry that isn't discussed enough, so thank you for this and I can't wait for your next video.
  6. @yo_justin_a [2 likes]: I want to switch careers for this! I've been saying it for about 2 years now and trying to figure out a financial plan for it.
  7. @blackjackAY [2 likes]: Me being away from home a few days a week only makes me closer to my spouse. The time we do spend together is of higher quality and cherished.
  8. @JackAndHenryvlogs [2 likes]: Hi Daryn, how old were you in 2006?
  9. @PilotMitchellHall [1 likes]: After watching one of you breakdowns involving "Time Away From Base," I decided to assess the different jobs I've had in the past based on "time away from my house."  40hrs of work plus 45min of commuting every day = about 44hrs/week away from home. (175hrs/month!). Turns out the 9to5er's are sometimes away from home more than the pilots! 

The difference being of course, it's nice for a family if everyone is away from home at the same time, so they can be together at home at the same time. 

Thanks for sharing!
  10. @JohnLego-nl7pz [1 likes]: I wish these videos were around when I was 21 because I probably would be an airline pilot. Thanks for the great content!
  11. @DreamPilot64 [1 likes]: You have a beautiful family!
  12. @lindapawson3445 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing! Very interesting!
  13. @DeuceTheTruth: Shoutout to wifey
  14. @russelwhite1584: Hello again Darren, thanks for the reply yesterday and thanks for the information in this video as well! My biggest obstacle right now is getting my wife and family onboard with me being a pilot. Like you said, need their full support or can’t do it successfully. My wife’s concerns are the risks of becoming a pilot at my age. I am pretty healthy but there is still that concern and then also the probability of me landing a good fly jobs and keeping. Obviously an airline would be the best option for the best pay. Any good insights on those type of risks? One thing that I am trying to convince her is to at least support me in getting my PPL so that I can see how well I do and see if that sets the tone for a pilot career. Thanks again!
  15. @Chillymosquito: How many days a month on average do you get off? 14 days reasonable to say?
  16. @isaac.737: Hey did you once make a going to ATP Flight School video? 
I had to look through my logbook your name sounded so familiar!
  17. @isaaclovesJesus: Jesus loves you sir <3 Stay safe.
  18. @mattyd112: Amazing insight
  19. @tomgillotti: As a single dad, leaving the military for a 121 job, I’m curious how other single parents do this job while managing their house (family, au pair, nanny, etc.).
  20. @Rmi_brandito: Is it possible to be an airline pilot single and paying all of it out of pocket? I currently spend 500 a week for 2 hrs of flight school, I don’t even wanna think about dual engine 😂

- Do PILOTS get TIME for FAMILY? | Pilot Podcast CLIPS: Kind: captions Language: en how many days per month do you get time to spend with your family and friends okay uh I'm on a vacation then I get even more than it would be even 10 days so yeah that's uh how it is at least Whenever there is common off or common day on which there is you know we get time to spend either with family or with friends that's a lot of time I guess yes that's that's pretty much if your schedule is hectic then it can even reduce to five days a month yes now with the increase in the number of flights yes it is this is one of the most commonly asked question anywhere I go so the other day I went to this wedding and I never tell anyone that I'm a pilot but my friends who are with me they tell that I am a pilot okay so uh this one kid found out that I am a Pirate so he told his dad he's a pilot so his dad pulled a chair and he's like okay you are a pilot and then the interview starts okay okay so so the first question they ask is are you an international pilot or a domestic pilot yeah this is very commonly asked question to me by any Layman or anyone that I bump into and who knows me somehow I am a pilot for both these International as well as domestic I just told them I am a trainee pilot that's all once you are a pilot you are eligible to fly flight is not confined to domestic or International it is both so sometimes I would fly domestic route sometimes I would fly International route yes I do flyboard here I hope you all got the answer for it what's the highest speed you have flown till date I have flown to Mark decimal 8 who's playing in the layman terms so it is something the task to a speed of the aircraft compared to the speed of sound because at higher altitudes that is the requirement for more details on Mac meter check out the Mach number chapter on cntwa and you will know what it is every aircraft has something called as the maximum operating speed maximum operating Mach number so the craft visual fly that is Airbus 320 that has the MMO of decimal eight two I have flown till decimal eight one VMO of 350 knots so I've flown till 340 knots so this is the max speed that I've flown that's that's a great achievement again 340 knots corresponds to approximately 650 kilometers per hour so this is again without the effect of wind now if you consider the effect of wind if you have you know even if Tailwind then even we go to 550 knots of ground speed which is up to about eight to nine hundred kilometers per hour yeah it depends on the aircraft that you fly some aircrafts have MMO of decimal line one so I got crafts it all depends on that aircraft type which one you are flying moving on to the next question what foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @R3dEyez_J7 [17 likes]: i really want to start flight school im just slightly nervous but im very determined to achieve this goal
  2. @boysonthewheels [6 likes]: Can pilot go for holidays?
  3. @mananmajmudar5598 [3 likes]: That’s more than enough ; because usually 9 to 5 guys get at the most 4-5 days a month excluding holidays .
  4. @fatima054-s2b [3 likes]: Do we come home after every flight
  5. @anantasukar647 [3 likes]: Sir domestic pilots get holidays and vacation or no
  6. @manjuanju5027: 10k views and 10 comments😮
  7. @Sigmaruleswithgreenscreen: WTF 
7k views 
And 7 comments 😮😮😮

- The OUTRAGEOUS Costs Of Owning a Private Jet... (Can We Still Afford It?): Kind: captions Language: en so the total cost out the door for our first maintenance bill on the Cessna Citation was [Music] sure you guys saw this video coming it's time we discussed the obscene egregious cost of owning a private jet so if you've been around the block a time or two you would know you could pick up an old private jet for sometimes as little as like fifty thousand dollars now not saying it's legal to fly but you know you have a private jet so how much does it actually cost to like run it and will it make you go broke this one's really trying to do just that so we just got our beautiful Cessna Citation 501 SP back from its first service and uh let's just say my bank account is crying this was supposed to be a small easy little maintenance uh routine checkup but let's just say the final bill out the door would make you think that it was anything but that if you've been watching the channel for a while you would know that we haven't posted a video with this plane for a while I'm about to explain why but you probably saw the Reveal video at this plane in the first times flying it those videos all went like semi-viral within the aviation community on YouTube I mean over 1 million views on the Reveal video thank you guys so much for blowing that video up and then the first play with it like half a million views every video we post with this plane goes crazy and for good reason I think there's a shortage of this sort of content on YouTube there are very few private jet owners that are willing to show you what it's actually like to own a plane the costs associated with fixing it running it you guys see Owen Wolf James fly this plane on the channel and we're able to take you up into the cockpit to show you the action and you all really really enjoy that I enjoy making the content I don't enjoy getting into the cockpit six foot six not really meant for people my height yeah I just gotta swing my lit okay well I don't need to get in here we're not going flying yet maybe at the end of this video we'll show you some clips but the point of this video is to be in a nice quiet environment sitting inside the plane going over what was done how much it costs to do and why I am extremely frustrated for multiple reasons shocker oh boy the comment section is going to be juicy on this one I told you that was a stupid idea buying that plane I told you you wouldn't be able before that I knew that plane would make you go bankrupt why did you buy that old piece of crap you're the dumbest Aviation YouTuber there has ever been yeah I know there was a lot of hate comments when we announced purchasing this plane all right maybe some of you are right let's actually close the door so it's extra nice and quiet in here push this this swings in all right nice and quiet let's talk numbers as far as I know I have never seen a YouTuber who owns a private jet talk about the cost of ownership you know what maintenance items you might run into in case you know you wanted to go out and buy a private jet you know what to expect right you see it for cars all the time just got my Lamborghini back from service let's talk how much it costs to own uh two thousand dollars for fluid changes and annual service and everybody's like oh my gosh I don't think I will ever complain about a car maintenance item ever again none of our cars will ever come close to the magnitude and expense of maintenance that is this private jet you think owning a Ferrari or Lamborghini is expensive I'm telling you that is peanuts compared to what I'm about to outline and the cost to maintain something like this I guess I shouldn't be surprised one's a car that has four wheels and goes like 200 miles an hour and one's a plane that has three wheels and goes 400 miles an hour so yeah it's gonna be more expensive it's a lot bigger of a toy and it's got a lot more going on and very expensive engines blah blah blah blah blah I get it I get it I was expecting it to be painful I just didn't expect it to be this painful let's review where do we start um there's big maintenance items and there's small maintenance items on a jet like this you'll hear it described in different ways citation this one in particular it's phases so you'll hear like phase one two three four five and then different planes they'll call them checks like HX B checks C checks other planes we'll just call them inspections and every single check maintenance item or phase has list of required items to inspect replace repair as necessary whatever it may be every plane's different but uh this plane in particular the phase five is the big scary item that you do not want to have to do under your ownership because get this a phase Five inspection is roughly 000 and it's due every two years but it's every four years if you have it on a low utilization maintenance program lump program I had no idea going into this I probably should have done a little more research when I came to maintenance but there's a whole lot of other phases you just only hear the big one through five so you don't hear phase 18 phase 54 phase 38 phase 42 phase 22 and they all have different uh inspection schedules and they're really difficult to track if you're doing it like by hand or by yourself or in your like Excel file on your computer so that's why having a program is really handy like uh we're on Sierra track so it tracks everything it's a decent chunk of change to have this software but it lets you keep really good track of your maintenance so I was watching that and I noticed we had some items upcoming and we are waiting for the registration to finally get approved into our name on the plane so it was kind of just down waiting for that and then these inspection items are coming up really quick and then what do you know they were Upon Us in no time so the plane obviously can't fly it if you have inspections and stuff do it had to go into maintenance we timed out on wow geez let me read off all the stuff that was done a lot of them are just like silly small little items they're important you can't skip them but they're they're simple enough at least I thought they would all be simple enough but they ended up racking up a pretty huge bill all right the inspection for the portable fire extinguisher weight that one's simple that one probably wasn't too much money and we got a pc12 going in front of me hello wow beautiful plane one day except those were millions of dollars and this not even close you could have so many of these for the price of one pc12 I'd rather take six citations than one pc12 okay and then we have elt battery that was due rvsm inspection holy smokes again naive to the fact that I didn't know exactly what's all included in the rbsm STC for this plane you have to do a yearly rvsm check intervals 12 months and uh that was due uh once again I didn't realize how much a simple rbsm check costs right it can't be that much money twenty six hundred dollars so let's get let's get the totals going you know 2600 bucks right out the gate for the rvsm check it passed though yeah thank goodness okay next up we have phase 54. what is Phase 54 I don't know I didn't even know until I logged into the you know the maintenance schedule and I saw it was due it's due every three months or 200 hours so probably must be something small and easy emergency gear bottle hydrostat yeah we'll talk about that one in a minute oh God okay engine Fire Bottle cartridges again sounds harmless right there's four of them and they all need to be replaced and that just for the part three thousand six hundred and eight dollars and then we have a radio altimeter 5G band interference mandatory inspection that okay engine Miner inspection on both sides that's every 24 months or 300 hours I guess they just inspect for any squawks or any engine issues obviously once again importance Lifeline your plane so you want your engines to be in good shape so those were due and some of these were not necessarily due but they were coming up to where I figured okay if they're coming up soon I might as well bundle everything together just so we have plenty of months of error worthy good to go travel where we don't have to worry about items so I did some of these probably a little early okay next up phase 53 inspection what's a phase 53 inspection I don't know but it was due so there are the items I'm sure I'm forgetting a few but that gives you an idea of what the plane needed to be back to airworthy current on all the inspections and ready to fly so I figured it wouldn't be that bad so we took it to a shop in California and swipe food over there in the most recent video I shall not name this shop but I wasn't too pleased with how everything went down there was a lot of just miscommunication Nation basically after about three months 90 days of sitting waiting for these inspections to be done and for the plane to be looked at they reply with hello Jeffrey regretfully our maintenance shop has been overwhelmed with aircraft holding pre-scheduled maintenance commitments and is scheduled to remain fully booked for the next 90 days for this reason we have been unable to provide a timely response to your requests for work on your aircraft we apologize for not being able to work your aircraft's maintenance needs into our meeting schedule however there's another shop on the field here that works on citations and we've advised them of your needs and they will be able to take in your aircraft quickly once again our apologies for not being able to provide the maintenance services you require at this time so this is where it started to go downhill we just waited a long time for what we thought was getting in line to get the maintenance done at this shop right and then after all that time waiting they hit us with that email which I think that's a nice way of saying hey we have some Gulf streams we need to work on and your jet is like the Honda Civic of the Skies so we're not very interested in the work in my opinion there was just a disconnect a lot of miscommunication it did didn't work out with that shop that happens sometimes it's usually no big deal on a car but when you have a jet it's a problem because the three months it was waiting on their ramp for the maintenance uh more items were needed it did not need all those items when we first brought it in for service if that makes sense it only needed like two things looked at okay and then by the time we had to go find another shop it needed whatever those eight things looked at so even if the plane's sitting it still needs all these inspections done a prop plane is just like one annual inspection big whoop but a jet when you're working on these time clocks of 24 months 36 months if it's just sitting it is running you up a massive theoretical like cost if that makes sense that was definitely upsetting because now we have more maintenance items that need to be looked at okay at least we have a recommendation for a shop so we call them I like get in touch with them and they said like oh we'll call you back we'll call you back we'll call you back we'll call you back never heard anything from them they never scheduled Us in and I was back to squares zero needing all these items done and having no idea where to take the plane it's unair worthy because it needs work done can't take it to a different shop uh on a different field it has to be somebody there luckily we referred to one last shot by a different buddy of mine what do you know they were much better about just taking the bull by the horns and getting it done they just solved the problem so we we had the problem of not having the maintenance manuals oh great there's another expense that is ridiculous so they're like hey can you can you provide us with the manuals to do the work I'm like I I don't have any manuals what are you talking about do you and they're like no we don't have manuals I'm like oh well what do we do and they're like well we can rent the manuals I'm like okay cool is it like renting a textbook it'll be like 20 bucks no it was 400 but it is what it is again I just want to get the plane done at this point so I'm like sure just do it go go so they get to work on those items they eventually hit us back with a quote you know a couple weeks later saying okay to do all those items you outlined it's going to be eleven thousand six hundred dollars and I'm like oh man that's a lot of money but it's jet world so maybe not that bad so I'm like okay cool do it so they get working at it I'm like okay I need it done by this deadline because we're planning to take the plane on a business trip this date was the target goal and then we're getting closer and closer and closer two days before this uh trip comes up they're like hey we have good news we have bad news I'm like okay what's the good news they're like we have everything done on the jet everything passed we didn't find any squawks except there's one thing that is not done I'm like well what is it explain more and they're like remember the uh emergency nitrogen landing gear bottle and I go yeah just the hydrostat test no big deal right and they're like well yeah we sent it out to hydrostatic testing I said what's the big deal did it you know fail or something like that and they said well it didn't necessarily fail but it timed out so I'm like what do you mean it timed out it's a metal bottle and I said well it actually has a life limit of 25 years and ours was at like 24 years and change therefore they couldn't certify it and test it for another cycle run they wouldn't pass the bottle so I'm like oh man that that really stinks but you know how quick can we get one and you know how much is it it can't be that much money it's this tiny little bottle like you know Grandma rolls around for oxygen what a couple hundred bucks or something and they go um no if we can find one about ten thousand dollars why why what Come Again Come Again this little bottle is ten thousand dollars and what do you mean if we can find one and they just said well you know part supply and availability is tricky especially for these old planes um you know we don't currently see one available we called a few places nobody has one but we're gonna do some more digging I don't even want to pay 10 000 bucks I'll just find a used one with some time left and we'll we'll do that I'm like forget the forget the business trip We're not gonna make it so we we can that I just said you know what we'll get you a used bottle you'll put it in we'll pick it up next week so he said okay yeah you're more than welcome so Owen and I post on the Instagram stories hey who has you know this nitrogen bottle part number this we need it figuring we'd get some leads and we got some leads about three four people reply saying hey this company has one or hey my shop has one or like fantastic how much do you want for it uh I even found one on a quick eBay search for like 400 bucks and I'm like huh this is easy we'll just get this one off eBay 400 every single time when I dug a little deeper timed out timed out timed out every single one I'm in danger so I now have so many hours invested trying to find find a used bottle at this point the plane is just burning hole in our pocket you know if we keep waiting it's going to need more inspections done so we just you just have to bite the bullet and pay the money so a couple days later I reach back out to them saying hey can't find a used one we're just gonna have to buy a new one for that 10 000 bucks and at about this time they did find one in Southern California for yeah right about nine thousand three hundred dollars plus shipping or something like that close to ten thousand dollars I'm like okay perfect you know call them up and tell them we'll take it so I cannot make this stuff up so they call them up and say hey we need that bottle we'll take it you know my customer needs it for the plane and uh what do you know it sold about an hour prior someone else bought the bottle I I just don't enjoy it it's not an enjoyable experience for me and I don't like any of you so they called me back saying hey that bottle that we thought was available is uh now sold what do you want to do and I'm like oh my gosh that was my fault because I I waited I held off on buying a new bottle for 10 000 bucks because why would I want to pay 10 000 bucks for a bottle I thought for sure I could get one used but like I said the shop is good about getting in the trenches getting it done so about one or two days later they call saying hey we found another one it's available right now you gotta let us know we're not gonna let it you know sell again or else this might be the last one we see for a while so I'm like all right buy it go so they called him back immediately and they pulled the trigger on it a brand new bottle 25 years left with all the paperwork ready to be dropped in the plane it was local in Southern California they shipped it up for again shipping for all these parts 602 oh my gosh they got it they installed it and they said okay the plane is officially done this was a few days ago and uh here here we go I'm in it now because we're about to take flightnet for the first time and make sure everything works we are legal everything is done no issues with the plane and uh I'm sure you guys are wondering the total right so eleven thousand six hundred dollars for just like the inspection and labor on those items uh and then we got the oxygen bottle like I said nine thousand one hundred and fifty dollars the elt battery 679 dollars ouch uh the cartridges like I said 3 608 so just the equipment part stuff like that 13 000 the rental 400 plus the shipping 600 what's adjustments I didn't even see that line item when I paid the bill adjustments one thousand two dollars all right and then of course uh sales tax seven point seven five percent one thousand forty one dollars so the total cost out the door for our first maintenance bill on the Cessna Citation to do those six simple inspections was twenty seven thousand eighty dollars and sixty seven cents foreign again I knew owning and maintaining a jet would be expensive I just I just wasn't prepared for this I know the comments are going to be good on this video go ahead comment away comment away you stupid little kid thinking you could buy it yet and afford to maintain it all right I'm just kidding that's a little bit of drama for the video honestly it sucks it sucks it does suck a ten thousand dollar oxygen bottle nitrogen bottle will always suck for anyone I don't care how much money you have but we did budget for these things we have money left over this plane was a great deal I know we got a great deal on it I knew it would cost money to keep it going and to fly it I plan for it I wasn't quite planning this much this fast but it's not the end of the world you know now that we just pissed away that much money why not just piss away a little more money let's drop a hundred thousand bucks on a panel it's funny the shop does do panel upgrades and they just finished a 501 with a gorgeous full glass panel and I think it was uh I mean it's like 150 175 000 bucks or more but they just finished it and they're like hey you wanna you wanna add that on top too and do that next and I'm like no I'd much rather have a Lamborghini than a couple glass screens right here at least for now you know maybe down the road we'll update it what do you guys think should we call up our friends over at avidyne and uh throw some glass in here I think it would be pretty cool to put twin 550s right here get rid of these ancient radios it's fine how it is Owen does a great job you'll see in the next video Flying it which we're taking off soon so it's gonna be a good one the thing is these this is just the beginning these are small items these engines right here the most expensive part on the plane Brad Whitney jt15d-1as the Costa overall these engines absolutely ludicrous 400 what the heck is that what is that so loud [Applause] those blades in there eighty thousand dollars was the cost to do the HT blade upgrade on each motor 160 000 bucks just for the blades just for the sets of blades what the heck and yeah four hundred thousand dollars plus or minus to overhaul the engines nobody overhauls these engines anymore I mean some people do but the general consensus is you just take a used pair of engines slap them on then have however much remaining time left the the formula is usually about a hundred dollars per hour so if it's got a thousand hours remaining on the engine that engine's worth about a hundred thousand dollars so you would take that slap it on instead of overhauling the engines if that makes sense wow look at that thing what is that like a lance air so yeah we still have some time till TBO and the engine's here but dear God when we hit TBO even if you just hot side it and call it a day you're still talking maybe a hundred thousand bucks out the door for you know the two engines and those are just the engines don't even get me started on the windshields this was about 30 000 for the previous owner to recently replace thank goodness he did that and that was on his time also one of these boots are new or maybe both of them uh he replaced them at the cost of I think he said Thirty or forty thousand dollars again correct me if I'm wrong but I think these are all in the ballpark especially with inflation and the cost of getting these parts don't even get me started on the tires the tires you literally cannot even find them if you can you're talking maybe three thousand bucks for each tire the brakes another very expensive thing he just replaced I think that side or this one can't remember twelve thousand dollars you get the idea what we just went through was pennies compared to what it can be it can easily exceed the value of the plane just one engine being overhauled is nearly the price of these airplanes and of course I'm not even mentioning the obvious consumables fuel hello this thing best case scenario you're burning 130 gallons in high elevation Crews but it can easily be at lower altitude 160 180 gallons an hour it'll just drink the fuel they're older engines they're not the most efficient things yeah they're pretty robust and pretty reliable but it's a trade-off they drink a lot of gas and of course they're not on engine programs oh that would be another thing if you're on engine programs or something having to pay every hour but of course then you don't pay for some of the big maintenance bills so it's just pros and cons pluses and minuses this one not on any programs no warranty so everything is paid out of pocket and my pockets are hurting all right there you go so there's the moral of the story let's hit the skies test this thing out for the first time stay tuned for the next video where we taking on a really cool flight I can't tell you where yet but we got an exciting one planned I hope you guys enjoyed this video be sure to comment down below if you ever plan to buy a private jet now you know some of the costs associated with them and I'm sure I missed a lot of things oh air conditioning if air conditioning goes out it's not like a couple hundred bucks to fix it like a normal car you're talking multiple five figures to replace the system thank goodness this has the freon upgraded system oh and of course how can I forget Insurance that's another important charge that everybody's probably curious about on a plane right one of our supercars will probably run about five to six hundred bucks every six months so a little over a thousand dollars for an annual premium for one of our Lamborghini's Ferraris McLarens right so this plane's worth what two three times as much so it should be two three grand right no not at all get this we just paid out nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty four dollars and of course I could go on and on and on it's got rvsm which was I think like a fifty thousand dollar STC again thank goodness the previous owner did that stuff but he did plenty but we'll still have to do plenty we got a lot on the list I want to upgrade the interior with Ron Aviation Creations it's a little dated looking in here I mean it's still in good shape so I don't know what to do what do you guys think comment Down Below on interior comment Down Below on panel and we'll go from there good to have the plane back my bank account's a whole lot lighter now but hey learned a lot and uh we'll continue doing that this is the first of many jets I'm not shying away I'm loving every moment of it despite the pain thank you guys for watching we'll see you next time in the sky say that it feels right

  Top Comments:
  1. @JRAviation [466 likes]: Trust me, DO NOT buy a cheap jet unless you know what you are getting into haha. I hope you enjoyed this real talk discussing the real numbers associated with our first "small" maintenance checkup. There are sooooo many other costs I didn't mention. Pilot salary, hangar rent, taxes, registration, landing fees, etc, etc... Subscribe for more jet videos!
  2. @misham6547: To me it sounds like this jet is EOL and is about to run out of spare parts
  3. @gavinclaassen6440: Maybe you should have bought yourself an experimental plane like a Lancair Evolution and maintain it yourself for about what your beloved Lambo will cost you in parts ( labor on you in time not money format) ?! Just a thought .
  4. @vvipaero: yeah sorry about that, i thought the same when i was into the first {and only] HELI. IT IS SAVAGE.
  5. @johnrus7661: If it makes you feel better, a new Piper M700 isn't exactly cheap to maintain when bigger things come up. Especially if you count purchase price in the cost of ownership. But at least being new you won't be getting those big bills for a while.
  6. @kenallen9470: Didn't you buy it with a few people? Wouldn't the bill be split?
  7. @Ciencia_con_Pablo: A mí me gusta analógico
  8. @andrewtrovao2397: It seems that being skinny has its disadvantages. 😂🎉
  9. @eliseoloves: Comment here. Be a man .
  10. @CC_Hunters: OMG…this is extremely dragged out unnecessarily
  11. @climatixseuche: get to the point ...
  12. @ghostrider71766: Out of curiosity, what do you do for a living?
  13. @Chofernocturno: YES, call Avidyne or Garmin and upgrade the electronic! You add a better price for the resale. I don't know your numbers, but even if you make money, using that airplane just for enjoyment and business does not make the numbers. Rent a private, especially with a card, making more sense from a tax point. Unless you put your airplane to work as part 135, you're losing an awful amount of money.... genius....
  14. @jessefincham8899: I got old firefighter tanks from firehouse for like 30$ a piece. I fill them to 5500 psi for my air guns. They are outdated. 10,000 is ridiculous
  15. @MfonAkpabio-r2n: it really sucks but don't give up
  16. @shawn-baby: I find Myself leaning towards buying blocks of time on a Fleet of aircraft for Different purposes versus buying a private Jet I think it costs a little bit more money in the long run but no headaches just make a call and go
  17. @RR-zq3mk: 22:40 video break down.  2:40 of useful info.  20 min of drama 😂
  18. @f4f471: You guys were showing off when you bought the plane (not thinking the REAL cost of owning one) 
So now you know - DUH !
Stop complaining !
  19. @TheRemo1771: Wait till you have to do the HOT SECTION.
  20. @TheRemo1771: Ok Putz, what were you thinking? ITS A JET. NOW YOU KNOW how an airline feels.
Wa, wa, wa.
Then how much have you made on your channel?