- High School Student Says He Was a WWII Pilot! - The Ghost Inside My Child (S1 Flashback) | LMN: Kind: captions Language: en-US [MUSIC PLAYING] ANDREA: James was born April 10, 1998. That happened to be a Good Friday. He didn't have any health issues. He wasn't a big crier. He wasn't fussy. He was happy. [COOING] But it was different when he started having the nightmares. [JAMES CRYING] It was about two weeks after his second birthday. Cooked dinner, gave him his bath, took him to bed. And that was that until about 3:00 in the morning, and then I just heard screaming. This was blood-curdling screaming, like someone was killing him. [RUMBLING] He was saying, airplane crash on fire. Little man can't get out. And that's what he was repeating over and over. Airplane crash on fire. I had to respond. So I started to ask him some questions. What happened to your plane? It got shot. Well, who shot your plane? The Japanese. Well, how do you know it was the Japanese? And I think he said that night, the big red sun. Where could that come from? How could he articulate something that specific? So I kept going. I said, well, where did your plane come from? And he said, a boat. Did your boat have a name? And he said, yes, Natoma. There was this history of USS Natoma Bay CVE-62. The ship supported the Battle of Iwo Jima. It was-- what can you say? It was a complete mystery. Where could he have gotten that information? How could he say something like that? I had a hard time believing it. ANDREA: The next day, I talked to my mom. I had told her that, you know, this is what's going on with James. These are some of the things that he's saying. And my mom said something that made me stop dead in my tracks. My mom said, maybe he's experiencing a past life. My comment was, bull-[BLEEP]. This is not happening in this house. I don't believe in that stuff. I said, and if that's what you're thinking, then I'm going to prove y'all wrong. ANDREA: I remember one time where James was talking about his airplane. And Bruce had asked him, do you remember what kind of plane you flew? And he said, it was a Corsair. The Corsair was fast. Agility was very good. BRUCE: I went to the internet, started to do some research, found out that there was no Corsair that flew off of Natoma Bay. And since there was no Corsair on Natoma Bay, all these memories, to be polite, were just baloney. ANDREA: One day, James and I, we were talking. I said, I know you have those nightmares all the time. Who's the little man? Do you remember what your name was? And he said, James. And I said, do you remember what your last name was? And he said, mm-mm. When I talked to Bruce, he was just like, he'll eventually get over whatever it is. BRUCE: I found a list of men that had been killed serving in World War II aircraft carriers. I went through the list and found the names of 18 men that had been killed aboard Natoma Bay. It was really startling and almost scary. There was one guy killed during the Battle of Iwo Jima, and his name is James M. Huston Jr. I remember Bruce on the phone reading this to me. And he said, James M. Huston Jr. was the only pilot from the Natoma Bay who had been killed in the Battle for Iwo Jima. I know it. That's him. As soon as Bruce found the name James Huston, I really wanted a photo of him. I wanted to know what he looked like. It took me probably six weeks of research before I was able to find someone in his family. Anne Barron is the older sister of James Huston. Oh, gosh, when she answered the telephone, I was really kind of nervous about it. You can't say, you know, my two-year-old is, you know, a reincarnated person from somebody in their family. Someone who's 80 years old is just going to hang up on you. So I said, we were just researching the World War II aircraft carrier called Natoma. She was just the sweetest old lady. So I said, you know, we would love to have photos. Is there any way you could send me some pictures of your brother? And she said, sure, I'd be happy to do that. Believe me, I was checking the mail. I mean, every day, I was waiting for the mailman to come. And I got the package, ripped it open. And then as I'm flipping through these pictures Anne sent me, I was like, oh, my god! So I called Bruce on the phone. He's at work. I'm like, you got to come home. BRUCE: And all of a sudden, there's a picture of James M. Huston Jr. Standing in front of a Corsair. It was huge. BRUCE: James M. Huston Jr., before he was assigned to Natoma Bay, was in a Navy squadron that flew Corsairs. Shortly after Andrea found James M. Huston Jr.'s sister, Anne Barron, we had the opportunity to visit with her. We felt it was important, and we felt something important would happen. For me, I had this thing in my head, well, maybe this will close the loop. By this point, we had told Anne the truth, so she knew about James's history. I remember he was instantly very comfortable with her. He didn't have any problem just, you know, going up, putting his arm around her. He was gentle with her, and he called her Annie. I asked her about that, and she did say that Jimmy always called her Annie. BRUCE: He was almost thankful to be next to her. She said that, you know, the information was really shocking and surprising, but that she believed. ANNE: Knowing my name and things that my brother did when he was a kid, it's too amazing to describe. I think it's probably a reincarnation of my brother. ANDREA: I was tired of my entire life revolving around the research for James Huston. So I really felt like we had to go to Chichijima and have a memorial service above the wreckage of where James Huston's plane had crashed. BRUCE: How are you doing, buddy? Are you doing good? Thumbs up? You having a good day? - Yeah. BRUCE: Good. Chichijima is 620 miles south of Tokyo. Just the fact that we were there was a chance. It's like any funeral. You get to say goodbye. You get to close that chapter and move on. And I wanted it to be that way for James and for our whole family. BRUCE: Going back to that place was a little unsettling. We really didn't know how he was going to react to it. Bruce had prepared this really nice memorial service. And we brought a big bouquet of flowers from Tokyo to lay on the water. And initially, James didn't seem to have any emotion. He seemed fine. Andrea said, OK, it's time to say goodbye, to leave it behind. And it came time to throw the flowers on the water, and I told James-- I said, James Huston has always been an important part of your life. And he's always going to be an important part of who you are as a person. But it's time for you to say goodbye to him because you have to go ahead and finish living your life as James Leininger. BRUCE: Well, he started to get visibly emotionally upset, crying. We gave him the flowers. He took them, threw them on the water, and then he just-- came to a salute. Then he said, James M. Huston, I'll never forget you, and sat back down and cried for 20 minutes. Saying goodbye to James Huston, I felt unfathomable sadness. The first half of my life was with him. I think he was interpreting it exactly the way I intended him to. I think he understood that James M. Huston died, but that wasn't him. He was able to make that distinction. I can't operate normally with those memories in my mind haunting me daily. I had to let go. [PLAYING "STAR SPANGLED BANNER" ON GUITAR] ANDREA: James really closed the chapter and the book on the James Huston past life and moved forward with his life. Now, he's a 14-year-old kid who just started high school. He's a happy, healthy, great kid. You would never know that he has been through this amazing journey.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LetterFergu [1 likes]: Welcome to Planet Earth
  2. @Elar2668 [1 likes]: Had a feeling he would join the military again. I teared up when he got to see his sister again❤
  3. @JoeyH-sb3fq [1 likes]: I'm not going to lie, That child does actually look like a child version of James Houston Jr... Very odd.
  4. @devinarthur6559 [1 likes]: 1:46 1:55 3:13 4:21 4:55 5:30 5:42 7:25 8:13
  5. @battlegroundone: thank Dan brown for this
  6. @hunterrr89: Looking at this today I am wondering if this is more evidence that we're part of a simulation and it's a glitch rather than reincarnation...
  7. @ravenel2: Oh dear. The patriarch who loses it and can’t even control his own mouth on video because someone used the word “reincarnation.”
  8. @Blitzzz072: I believe in Hinduism and my mom always said that it's real but i didn't believe her but now ithink she's right
  9. @nomad.777: 2:56
  10. @Kripkey: This story is creepy asf.
  11. @DeuceTheWildOne: Scary part is how much the older James looks like James Huston
  12. @mariabrian1627: So when you met the sister could ya son tell you any more information?? Could he tell you what they did wjen they was kids etc?? Nope nope and nope 👎
  13. @mariabrian1627: It really makes me laugh cos it’s always Americans. Iv never known a country that as no history of their own that has the most haunted houses, reincarnations and poltergeist. I mean, are you all that desperate to try and make things up like this. Get a grip 😂😂😂😂
  14. @Wodenson: I don't know if it was ww1 or 2 but I was a young soldier 16-18 and I had recurring dreams of being in a ditch and foot was black and numb, I heard distant explosions and groans. I was 6-7 and hadn't learned about history yet, when I was 13-14 I learned about trench foot and to this day get deep chills every time i saw trench warfare, like ive got memories that aren't mine.
  15. @Rob-z1v5w: Greatc
  16. @BeatlesFan1975: This is the kind of stuff that gets dismissed, out of hand, by Academia.... .. on the flimsy premise of
"It's only anecdotal..." 😅

I believe this family. because the best new science is telling us that physical objects do not exist independent of observation, so that means physical objects are not fundamental, and since humans are physical objects......... we  are not our bodies . Literally,. WE ARE NOT OUR BODIES... Our true essence is pure consciousness.
 So, this kind of situation is not only possible, but it's probably redundant..... but most people wouldn't speak up, for fear of ridicule...
  17. @BeatlesFan1975: This is the kind of stuff that gets dismissed, out of hand, by Academia.... .. on the flimsy premise of
"It's only anecdotal..." 😅

I believe this family. because the best new science is telling us that physical objects do not exist independent of observation, so that means physical objects are not fundamental, and since humans are physical objects......... we  are not our bodies . Literally,. WE ARE NOT OUR BODIES... Our true essence is pure consciousness.
 So, this kind of situation is not only possible, but it's probably redundant..... but most people wouldn't speak up, for fear of ridicule...
  18. @patrickchan2503: such a cool mum
  19. @PHA84: What wonderful, loving parents. What an example of unconditional acceptance and support of your son
May God bless you both and also your son ❤️
  20. @Rexox11: Wow so amazing, thanks for sharing 🙏

- 6-Year-Old Genius Kid Becomes Etihad Airways Pilot for a Day: Kind: captions Language: en if you have no hydraulics and your plane is making your juice juice hey are you doing the guy yeah yeah you what do you want to fly the Airbus a380 a318 [Music] before takeoff clear for takeoff here we go pee rotate full this is hard now the nose is going down god that's your disconnect a bu this is mine the approach yeah yes push it down all right if we overshoot the runway then ops I'm gonna have to shout go around yes 500 stable we're poaching over 30 20 ladies and gentlemen welcome to Abu Dhabi and thank you for choosing a jihad you

  Top Comments:
  1. @serge2897 [12 likes]: It's sad Etihad retired their 380 last year in 2020
  2. @ashirahmad8084 [11 likes]: I really hope this young man achieve his dream to be a pilot it was also my dream that I couldn't achieve but seeing him I am really happy
  3. @basmatiriceenjoyer [9 likes]: This is the smartest most wholesome child ever. 😊
  4. @theunfamousyoutuber1521 [7 likes]: Man. I wish i could fly in one of those full range simulators aswell. Its been my dream since i was 5.
  5. @OneApollo [7 likes]: this kid is eleven now. cant wait to see what he does
  6. @sophianaidoo543 [6 likes]: It’s my dream to become a pilot but I really hope this bro gets the chance to be a pilot 🎉😊
  7. @avgeek00123 [6 likes]: I hope they keep the A380 to let him complete his dreams :)
  8. @EdwardBlueEngine [5 likes]: I want to be a pilot :( i have one best friend and the only best friend i only have is Henry hoover
  9. @ilangikeerthiratne831 [3 likes]: You sweet little adorable bundle of mischief with plus plus n plus wisdom.. It is indeed a treat to watch you sweet son.. No doubt you arr going to be a legend in ATC... All the very best fr a bright future.
  10. @ImMani13 [3 likes]: Good job adam, Keep doing your best and your the best: :D
  11. @elidahanum1595 [3 likes]: Where that
  12. @esrayilmaz3247 [2 likes]: Woah! Look at that genius pilot!
  13. @EpicCheesyEgg [2 likes]: Is a flight sim I thought is real
  14. @JaydenKasawaya [2 likes]: thank u lil man for making me learn about planes and everything my dad used to work at etihad
  15. @Alexy_vn [2 likes]: At the frist time he says: What do u want to fly?
My head: 848316493568492563985% is The A380 
And i right, every loves to fly an A380 the biggest passenger plane in the world. I'am not a big fan of the A380 but in the video he look so happy so i gives him a like😀
  16. @rishikabose2515 [2 likes]: I AM SO PROUD OF HIM AND HAPPY 😊
  17. @hacker-ks7br [1 likes]: can i have a go
  18. @mariafernandaramirez1664 [1 likes]: Well, I wonder were he learn all of that, hes a really smart kid!
  19. @wano [1 likes]: waww..sangat keren..
salam indonesia..🇮🇩🇮🇩🙏
  20. @saranshshahsworld4452 [1 likes]: Wow amazing ♥♥♥♥♥

- Things No One tell you about being a Pilot | Watch This Before You Become a Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone sees the uniform, the wing, the views from 30,000 ft, but no one talks about this. These are some of the brutal truths that nobody tells you about. Here's 15 things no one tells you about being a pilot. Let's talk about it. You'll question yourself a lot. Did I make the right choice? Am I good enough? Can I really do this? There will be days when you mess up. There will be days when you feel like you're not enough. Days where you feel like everybody else is ahead of you. Days when your confident absolutely tinks. Imposttor syndrome does not skip pilots. In fact, it is one of our best friends. But here's what no one tells you. Even the best doubt themselves. So you are not alone in this. Do not feel like you are not enough. What matters is how you respond. You get up, debrief yourself, and keep moving ahead. That's the making of a real pilot. Your training never stops. You think you're dead after you pass your check ride? Think again. Recurrency sims, maneuvers, validation, emergency drills, and re-qualification exams. Your training never ends. You're constantly being evaluated, refreshed, and retested. But it's actually a good thing. Wouldn't you rather be safer by doing all these tests than be complacent and get hurt and hurt other people in the process? So these are extremely important and also help you stay on top of it because the day you stop learning, you're not just a pilot, you are a liability in the sky. Before we get into the most brutal truth of this video, I wanted to address a question that I keep getting very often. How to become a commercial pilot in the US if you are an international student. If you want to go from where you are today to becoming a commercial airline pilot in the US, I'm going to be hosting a webinar to tell you exactly how to do it because it is possible. I was where you are just a couple years ago and today I'm a commercial airline pilot in the US. If you want to find out how to do this, how much it costs, the hidden costs that nobody tells you about, the visa processes, what kind of flight schools to look for, and a step-by-step guide on how to go from where you are today, to becoming a commercial airline pilot, either in the US or in your own country. This is going to be the most comprehensive, best career tip that you will ever receive. Check out the link in the description to join the weight list for the webinar. Now, let's move on to the most difficult and hardest truth about being a pilot that nobody tells you. Loneliness hits different at 3:00 a.m. There's a kind of silence in hotel rooms that echoes when your body clock is flipped, your friends are asleep, and the only thing keeping you company is the buzz of the mini fridge in the corner. Yes, you're surrounded by people all day, but sometimes flying can feel isolating. You'll crave real connection, the kind that you have with friends and family, but you can't have because you're always gone. And in those quiet hours, you come face to face with yourself. Sometimes that can be powerful. Other times, it can be revealing of who you really are and what you're missing out. Being a pilot will test you mentally, emotionally, and financially. Flight school is expensive. We all know that. Airline upgrades aren't always linear. It doesn't always work out the way you plan. Schedules are brutal and the mental load heavy heavy. You'll cry. You'll doubt yourself. You'll burn out. And hopefully, you'll bounce back up, too. Each time that happens, you only become stronger, sharper, wiser. Because the ones who make it here are not the smartest ones or the richest ones. The ones who make it here are simply the ones that do not quit. You'll miss important moments. Birthdays, anniversaries, weddings. You might miss them all. You'll send I miss you texts from hotel rooms, FaceTime into family dinners, and watch life milestones just pass you by while you're in a city that you didn't even want to be in the first place. No one tells you that while you're chasing clouds in the sky, life on the ground moves on with or without you. You learn to be present in the absence. You learn to love from afar, to show up in small but meaningful ways, and most importantly to forgive yourself for the moments that you're not there for. But nonetheless, the sacrifice stings, especially when it's your niece's first steps, and you are missing it because you're in a city you didn't even want to be in the first place. Layovers aren't vacations. Yes, you can see new places, but not always. Sometimes the only sightseeing you get is the trip from the airport to the hotel in the crew van. Sometimes your layover is a 4-hour nap and a soggy sandwich that you have to grab on the go to not be late for your flight. It's not all glamorous like you see on your curated Instagram feed. But if you're intentional, you can definitely carve out little pockets of joy in every little trip you make and find ways to enjoy it and find moments of happiness in it. It just takes effort and willingness to make the most out of your small layover or a long labor, whatever you're getting. Your circle will shrink. You can't text your friends as much. People will stop inviting you to things, assuming you won't be around. Some might even resent your lifestyle, your schedule, and the fact that you're always somewhere else. But here's the bright side. The ones who stay are your people. It will show you who your girlfriends are and who really matter and who will stick with you till the end. Your circle might get smaller, but it will also get stronger, tougher, built on truth, not convenience. Relationships get tested. Romantic platonic family, this job, it stretches them all. You learn the value of trust, of setting expectations, of small gestures that show them that you care. Because being gone doesn't mean being distant, but it does mean working harder to stay connected. The ones who get it, they'll stay. The ones that don't, they'll drift away. Unfortunately, that's the reality of this job. You will never look at the sky the same way. Clouds are no longer just puffy little things. They become stories and a magnifying glass to what lays ahead. Because the sky becomes a second language, the one only pilots speak fluently. And even on the toughest days, you get to see views out of your office window that most people will never get to see in their entire lives. Views that I cannot put into words to explain just how beautiful they are and I cannot capture. So they forever live in my memories and mine alone. And I cannot show anybody just how beautiful this world is. You learn how to stay calm when everything is chaotic. When an engine alert pops up. When ATC reroutes you last minute. When you're flying into weather and every passenger is gripping their armrest. Your job is to be the calmst person in the room. Well, in the sky. It's not just about controlling the aircraft. It's about controlling your mind. Calm is powerful and it can save lives. Flight school isn't glamorous. You'll fly old, beat up planes in weird weather and with no air conditioning. There will be days with backto-back lessons, sweaty headsets, engine run-ups in the blazing sun, and debriefs that'll leave your ego extremely bruised. But one day when you look back, you'll miss it. The purity of chasing your wings, the passion you had that brought you to this point. So at the end of the day, it is all worth it. Weather will be your best friend and your worst enemy. It's your constant companion. You learn how to read mears and taps and all the gibberish of letters and numbers and combinations will actually start making sense. And sometimes it'll betray you. Out of nowhere, storms will shift and things that you didn't expect to happen will happen. And it might force you to divert, cancel, or delay flights. It humbles you. It reminds you even though you can read all this, have an amazing airplane, nature holds all the power. You'll feel behind even when you're not. Everyone has an opinion on your timeline. You'll see your classmates get jobs before you do. Friends hitting milestones when you are stuck in the same spot. But aviation is not linear. It doesn't always work the same way. Some paths are slower. Some paths are more windy. Some paths are just different. But none of them are wrong. As long as you're moving forward, even if it is one knot at a time, you're not behind. You are making progress and you are moving ahead. The job market isn't always fair. You could do everything right and still miss out and get skipped on a job opportunity. Timing, company politics, economy, and let's not forget the pandemic. Everything can change what is going to happen. It is not always about talent. A lot of time it's simply about timing and that can hurt. But it also teaches you resilience. It teaches you to stay ready so you don't have to get ready when the door finally opens and the opportunity arrives. Number 15 is you'll fall in love with it all over again. After all the hard days, even after the missed birthdays, bad sim session, and lonely nights in hotel rooms in unfamiliar cities, there will be moments, quiet, breathtaking moments when you remember exactly why you picked this job and why you love this job. Watching the sunrise through the flight deck window never gets old. The soft tud of the wheels after you absolutely grease a landing. Such an exhilarating feeling. The look on a little kid's face when you walk by or they see you through the flight deck door and they're just waving at you. That is why you're here. That is the feeling that this job inspires and you'll fall in love again and again and again because flying is hard and it's challenging, but it's also nothing short of magic. If you're still watching this video, maybe this job is for you. Because despite knowing the brutal truths that nobody tells you, if you're still here, maybe you have that resilience in you, the I don't quit attitude that is required to succeed in this job. So, keep going. We'll see you in the sky. Which of these facts surprise you the most? Let me know in the comments below. And I'll see you in my next video. Until then, signing off, Lightning Girl. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LightninGirl [41 likes]: Join the WEBINAR ✈ https://www.joinavion.com/webinar

A complete Roadmap from 0 hours to Airline Pilot for international students! Are you ready to let your dreams take off?
  2. @SaidaRahma-u7e [3 likes]: Im a 17 year old girl from Ghana , i recently had interest in being a pilot and im writing my final exams in high school next year , i really want to pursue piloting , i know nothing but i have a great feeling that , with hardwork and a little disciplain and of course my lord,  inshallah i can make it .
I need your help with everything,  i wanted to join your webinar but i couldnt get access to it .
I hope you reply , cause im desperate and im willing to sacrifice everything. 
Yes the truth about being a pilot is brutal.  I want to experience it , all of it .
And like you said , its all worth it .
I really needed this video , thanks😊
  3. @ChandanaPadmavathi [2 likes]: About job opportunity is very less are selected
  4. @MartaWako [2 likes]: Am 14 turning 15 on may 20 2026 also a girl and my dream is to be a pilot and i admier u alot  i want you posting more stuff like this tnx
  5. @realmayabini [1 likes]: Hi you are my inspiration. Can you plz make a video about Pilots height, weight requirements? Take love❤❤
  6. @ShahzaibKhurram-l8m: I'm gonna be starting my CPL study journey soon. Wish me luck.
  7. @user_263cj79sjx: i knew learning gibberish would be hard but i didn’t even fully recognize just how impactful the mental toll would be of isolation 😓😓
  8. @Jyotika-h5t: Hello now I am in grade 9 not good in ict could you guide me please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  9. @hofahofa3627: 10 minutes of listening to you changed a lot of thoughts , thank you and keep going
  10. @lobbyrobby: This was a wonderful video
  11. @michaelallen1396: I'm line maintenance for 35 years, being a pilot is real tough on women, most of the ones I've met are old and childless, it's a miserable lifestyle that pays really really well.
  12. @user-kf9sb6xi7q: stupidest video ever.. pure show off and woke
  13. @khushifunshow: I don't know about the struggles❤
But this video just made me love aviation even more ❤
I'm an 14 year old 
Confused... Stuck... Not sure about any path actually
Maths is the one thing that is on the path of aviation for me
And i don't want to take maths in 11 and 12 
I'll be doing it through open schooling after 12th that might slow me down 
But i want to dedicate all my time to physics...
Chemistry is mandatory too so yeah.. and doing maths on top will just make me procrastinate and end up with nothing 
I enjoy creative paths as well 
But planes fascinate me a lot ❤
  14. @MimimmasK: wow thank u  so mach i see the thing no one tell me about it me i am 16 and i want to learn a pilot and now i am learning a a pilot now i am in hight school thank you so mach your good word
  15. @737copilot: I was a copilot for 6 years (from jan 2020 to dec 20025), in december I quit commercial aviation. I couldn't bear the loliness, hotels, shitty rosters and odd working hours anymore. 
Maybe i'll come back, but not in a near future.
  16. @praptilondhe10221: What is height limit?? Plz tell
  17. @utkarsh_yadavx: Is pilot is a risky job means secure or not means airline jb merji nikal de ?????
  18. @Bhrigu-y4y: Pilot fees is so high 
I can't afford 😞 what I do ?
  19. @davidg.4053: I'm a french 16 year old with dreams to become an airline pilot via the ENAC which seems to be the best european state sponsored school in europe and eventually join Air France, Delta or Emirates (unless I need to go through an intermediary company) and I find this video quite interesting as I might go to the United States to join Delta and escape the major tax increases in France... (bruh we are at like 45.3%  compared to 20% for the United States)
  20. @andrewchr: 99% of people also think that pilots also don't do anything because the autopilot does everything for them.

- What It's Really Like Being Married to a Commercial Airline Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it's Jen LaForge welcome to joyful living today I'm gonna be giving you this straight scoop on what it's like to be married to an airline pilot and I'm really glad that you're here so over the years I have been asked so many questions by people who are so curious about what the day-to-day life is like when you are married to an airline pilot and I feel super-confident making this video because not only am i married to a commercial airline pilot that I also was raised by a pilot my dad worked for Continental Airlines for years and actually prior to my birth my mom was a flight attendant for Pan Am so aviation is kind of in my blood so although I feel like I'm an expert on kind of the aviation spouse lifestyle I really don't know what to compare it to because literally this is all I've ever known so I'm gonna do my best to kind of explain it to you guys but I want to say at the outset for the most part our lives are just like anybody else's lives you know we've we've been raising our kids and we have to take care of our house and we have to pay our bills I might get frustrated about you know our mortgage and how expensive our car insurance is with three young adults but let's not get into that right now today I just kind of want to cover the basics of kind of how the aviation lifestyle is a little different it might help you maybe the next time you're on a flight and you look at that pilot or that flight attendant and think about how their life is and how they're just like you and how some things are different than how you live but also it might help inform your decision if you're thinking of going into aviation and I know I have a lot of young people that watch that talk to me about you know I would love to be a pilot so if that's you pay attention because I'm gonna give you the straight skinny on the good and the bad of the aviation life so let's start with the good because I always like to start with the positive we have been able to travel all over the world we have had a fabulous life together although my husband is frequently working on weekends he's oftentimes off for big chunks of time sometimes a week at a time we have a lot of fun together and we've always had a very flexible life and for that I am very grateful the the positive is for the most part and I'll get into that a little bit later he has made a very good living and although you know I worked until just recently we have been able to afford to own our own home and you know all of those kinds of things and again I'll get into the we're not super rich part a little later on but you know it does pay well the perks of the job are great and the biggest plus is my husband loves flying airplanes it is his biggest dream and joy in his life and he loves going to work and as his spouse I can't imagine him doing anything else so those are all very positive things of the aviation life there are however a few drawbacks and the biggest one I think is our schedule we do have some flexibility with our schedule but a couple of things to keep in mind Scott frequently works weekends and he frequently works holidays so we're talking Christmas my birthday his birthday the kids birthdays Thanksgiving fourth of July in fact he was just off on the fourth of July for the first time when I don't remember when you can certainly request those days off but everything in the aviation world is based on your seniority and now finally after almost 20 years with his airline he is starting to get enough seniority to get some of those days off especially in the beginning good luck and so as the spouse and as the person who works in aviation there needs to be an understanding of this sort of flexibility around days off and what that can look like it can be a challenge when it comes to making and keeping friends because you can't always buy theater tickets you can't really plan a trip out of town you absolutely get vacation but that has to be requested like a year in advance and again whether or not you're awarded certain vacation is all based on your seniority so it can be kind of frustrating especially you know we tried to do things like plan cruises and things like that and we've been very lucky and Scott has actually been off most Christmases you know we've usually been able to figure out vacations but you know my kids knew from a very young age that Santa Claus also works on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day so he of course understands the the kids of pilots and flight crews sometimes have to celebrate Christmas on the 23rd or the 27th and he actually has a whole special group that go out and do those deliveries so that the kids of flight crews in aviation as well as first responders and doctors and everybody else that has to work on the holiday that they're going to get taken care of so you don't have to celebrate Christmas on December 25th for it still to be amazing but sometimes especially looking in from the outside that's a little odd and we have had friends who just kind of don't understand why Scott can't guarantee he can get off on a particular day in fact he won't even know his schedule for the following month until the middle of the previous month so I just found out his August schedule a couple of days ago so you you really do have to be flexible now the upside to that is and my mom would tell me this when I was growing up okay your dad may not be off on a Saturday and a Sunday but he's frequently home when you get home from school on Wednesday and it does enable you know flight crew families to sometimes be there when other moms and dads can't be there so it's not all bad but you do need to understand you have to have a very flexible schedule and that it will not be a conventional work schedule the other thing that people kind of have a little bit of a misperception about is the fact that we fly for free this is a perk that I have enjoyed many many times but the thing you need to understand about flying for free is that your flying space available and I don't know if you have traveled much lately but flights don't go out with a lot of empty seats so although we can fly for free if we have an important family vacation if I have a race that I'm traveling to or some other event that I know I have to be there on a particular date I am far more likely to purchase my tickets you know Jerry Seinfeld says they call it standby because you stand in the airport and waved bye to people who have tickets so if you've ever flown standby and had one of those days I was once in the Vegas Airport for like 22 hours trying to get a flight out there is no guarantee that you're going to get to your destination ever so it can be very discouraging and certainly during certain times of the year we are going to purchase tickets this would include most of summer vacation Spring Break Thanksgiving Christmas especially if all five of us are traveling I'm going to be buying tickets and that might be post-traumatic stress disorder from growing up as the daughter of an airline pilot because so many times we were trying to go on vacation and it just didn't happen because we couldn't get on a particular flight so that can be very frustrating so it's not quite as jet set E as it might seem but having said that it is a perk that I've enjoyed we also through my husband's airline have the ability to purchase of confirmed seats at a discount and I have utilized that many many times so you know it's not all bad but it's also not quite as fantastic as it may seem on face value another thing that I get asked about a lot and and this one actually cracks me up because we had a babysitter years ago and I worked full-time the whole time Scott was flying until just recently now that I'm kind of semi-retired and she said you know I always thought airline pilots were really really wealthy and you guys just seemed normal and I laughed for like a good hour at that because anyone who's watching this whose spouse is an airline pilot will tell you we don't make nearly as much money as you think we do it is a comfortable life I am NOT going to say you know there are a lot of people out there that work so hard and are not compensated nearly enough for the work that they do however this perception that we get you know have this lavish lifestyle and get paid all this money is just simply not true my husband is an hourly employee he works very hard for his money and we are appreciative of that but we are not putting our feet up on a coffee table made out of cash and then the last thing I want to address is people always ask me would I suggest that their son their daughter their brother their husband consider going into aviation and on this I feel like a true expert right because I was raised in aviation my husband is a pilot and I actually have not advised any of my kids to go into aviation if they loved it and if they felt like there was nothing else that they could I would support it 100% but the truth is the aviation lifestyle is hard it is hard on my husband as his schedule is always all over the map some days he has to get there at 5:00 a.m. and some days he gets there at 4:00 p.m. and flies until one o'clock in the morning he never knows his schedule his days off are very unpredictable he has to work holidays it requires a lot of understanding on behalf of family and friends to kind of get the the weirdness and quirkiness of the aviation life again you you do get paid well but not nearly as much as people think you get paid so before you go into aviation I would seriously research what you get paid especially in the beginning because you get paid very little in the beginning of your aviation career and it's also a very volatile business my husband was furloughed right after September 11th it was a very difficult time for us my father went through the bankruptcy with Continental so I have not advised our children to go into aviation having said that if your son daughter brother husband is dreaming of an aviation career and that is all they can think about and that is what they longed to do with their lives then they should absolutely go and do it I just think it's good to go in with your eyes open and an understanding of some of the challenges and some of the pitfalls if you ever see my husband if he's ever flying you on a flight feel free to say hello to him I think that is one of his secret fears is that someone is gonna say I love your wife's channel and if the day that that happens I will be very happy they are just regular men and women who happen to do something pretty extraordinary they're all very intelligent I have loved all the pilots we've known over the years particularly my father and my husband and if you have any questions about kind of the day-to-day life of being a pilot please put those in the comments below and if you have any questions for Scott let me know that as well because I'm hoping I can get him to come on the channel to do a QA just about like basic pilot things especially for those of you that might be afraid to fly because he has some pretty good insights on that that's it for today if you're already subscribe to joyful living please make sure you hit that subscribe button hit those Bell notifications so that you don't miss a thing and give this video a big thumbs up new videos every Wednesday I'll see you next week bye bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @RozanneBee [41 likes]: I met my husband in my early 40s while he was a captain on UA 767s.  No kids.  It is the best thing that ever happened to both of us.  I am a loner so I enjoy my alone time but whenever he came home, it was always in the honeymoon phase.  He just retired but he got bored so he had to take another part-time job in the airline industry.  We are happy and secure in our retirement, happy to be together on trips, and just being together through our old age.  I wouldn't change anything about our life/love story.
  2. @bedknobbsandbrooms [15 likes]: Daughter of Pilot, and have had the privilege of growing up with a family that was incomparable to all my friends. Many thought my life strange, but normal to me. I have had to freedom to reach for the skies and the support to know anything is possible. Yes I would encourage my children to be aviators. I hope the passion it takes is in the DNA. Honestly, I I feel sorry for the 9-5ers exempt from living a dream as a profession. You are going to struggle financially for many years but the rewards are incomparable. I just knew nothing else, when dad was there he was truly there. Mom was a nurse and terrible flyer but even she loved what made my dad my dad. I once asked him if he worried about the responsibility of the people he flew and he responded (paraphrasing) he would be the first person to arrive anywhere he went (ie trouble) and he was coming home to mom and myself.  The old tale of a girl in every port is just that, a tale. A person that strays is going to do so no matter what their occupation. I actually didn’t even go on a car trip until my teens. I realized that was different but actually it is a very strong perk. I was unable to follow that dream but I was encouraged to have confidence in myself, and follow my dreams. I know some professionals because of their jobs have an almost egotistical approach, ie doctors, lawyers, pharmacists etc, to those they are responsible for, but!!!! THEY DO NOT RISK THEIR OWN LIVES WHEN THEY SERVE THE PUBLIC. THEY still GO HOME AT NIGHT. Frankly they have no skin in the game. I am not putting them down, but I have heard a doc say a pilot was a glorified BUS driver, or worse , can be less trained. I would be my life your opinion would be a  bit different if you happened to be on a difficult flight. I will get off my soapbox, just know you are lucky to have a pilot as a spouse or parent
  3. @ZHANAEJ [11 likes]: My husband is currently a trucker & sometimes he is gone for 4-7 days. One time, he was gone for a whole month. So as a mom, I’m pretty accustomed to doing things alone. But he just started aviation school and I’m actually excited about the pilot schedule considering it isn’t as gruesome. Also, we live by a main hub, so it’ll cut out any commute time. I’ll actually see him more as a pilot than as a trucker! 🎉 Wish us luck
  4. @christinaedwardship8627 [3 likes]: May God grant me the courage and wisdom to always understand my partner who's a pilot cause this journey needs a patient person
  5. @aimeemoore1094 [2 likes]: I just came across your channel. I absolutely love it! It's very interesting and I can't wait for some stories over the years of being a pilots wife
  6. @Fimp136 [1 likes]: Can we get some healthier food options in the airports for pilots PLEASE!
  7. @danielconsuegra4806 [1 likes]: Not sure about the money part but these days a Pilot doing it for 8 years and due to shortage of pilots is making 300-400k a year and some pilots with 20 years make 1 mill. I agree its hectic but seems a bit exaggerated I have many friends Pilots and yes they have it hard with schedules starting but when you get in the big leagues it settles and schedules are semi set!
  8. @bunobeatz5737 [1 likes]: My dad is a truck driver, i understand thats just as bad if not worse.  Hes out 2-3 weeks at a time and only comes home for 3-4 days
  9. @JamR0ck [1 likes]: I gave up on my aviation career while in training for my ppl 14 years ago when I found out my wife was pregnant with our first. I did it out of guilt that I would not be around. I am now in my early 40s and regret not doing it😢😢
  10. @RachelMos17: Thank you for sharing your experience! My husband just became a Commute Air pilot and he’s commuting so I’m trying to adjust to this new life alone a lot. I’m sure it will get easier with time😊
  11. @DisneyDingo: I often think about this.  I am probably the only police wife who can say "I see my husband more in this career than in his first choice".  When we met he was training to be a pilot but after a number of years struggling with only ever having either the time OR the money (never both) to do the practical lessons required, he decided it was not on the cards for him and chose another direction.  I was super proud of him flying and I'm super proud of him in his current career.  We still have the same shift-work issues of needing to be flexible around holidays and events but he's usually home at least once every 48hrs.  It really can be isolating but also opens up a great community of people in similar situations.
  12. @GoldFoilExperiment: it is not worth trading a healthy family life for a couple of free flights. This is my experience as a husband of a flight attendant.  The one traveling is frequently exhausted.  the one at home is frequently ALONE
  13. @GoldFoilExperiment: Is The pilots Wife working? How flexible does your schedule have to be in order to meet the required flexibility of his schedule .  I am the primary breadwinner in my family and my wife is a flight attendant. I find myself having to sacrifice a lot of family and career opportunities to bend over backwards for their  messed  up schedule
  14. @jordaneisenmanncooke2630: I know this video was 5 years ago. But I'm looking for some insight/advice. My husband is currently in the military flying and wants to transition to the airlines. We don't have kids yet and I guess I'm nervous about doing everything alone. Do airline pilots get paternity leave? I am used to doing things independent but I am scared about taking on children alone also. Only being responsible for myself is much less scary than raising kids alone. What does starting a family look like for spouses of airline pilots?
  15. @Vanavandamn: Thank you for this me and my fiancé are going on a year and he recently join the airlines, and I’m just trying to figure out a life without him being home as often
  16. @Willco-Citizen: Well this is discouraging, 40k in debt for trading to get a depressing life. Hopefully not
  17. @kingumbra5440: Question, would it be possible to take the family with you on christmas?
  18. @Flavio-t1x9y: Spouse of a pilot definitely is a special woman.
  19. @brians7419: It’s the aviation industry in general.  My Dad was a mechanic for TWA and America West.  40+ years in the business.  Absolutely great memories from him being in this job.  On the other hand, he had to move 13 times in his career to get promotions or keep a job when the base was closed. He was gone many birthdays & holidays as airplanes need wrenched on.  He fixed planes starting the piston age and retired in the jet age. He could fix anything and was one of the smartest guys I ever met.
  20. @natalialuckup1082: White, first world, privilege people problems. My ears are literally bleeding from all this whining.
PTSD because You didn't go on vacation as a child. the idiots on the internet are an endless pit of shite.

- Southwest pilot brings father's remains home from Vietnam 52 years later: Kind: captions Language: en Folks, my name is Mike. I'm the. Fellow pilot with Brian the Catholic who just flew in today. You all have been part of the Honor Flight of a fallen American airman from the Vietnam Air, Captain Roy Knight. Left left field. In 1967, January 1967, he was shot down over Laos, May 19th, 1967. That day that he left America, his mom, his wife and his son came here to love field and sent him off on his way. A few months later, they got the word that he was shot down. It's been 52 years. Since that family had lost their father. A few months ago, Captain Knight. Was notified by the military that his father's remains have been positively identified and through the efforts of many, many people, we have him with us today in a casket in the belly of the airplane. The pilot that flew you in today was that same 5 year old boy who was left here at Love Field 52 years ago with his dad to say goodbye. He was honored by all the People's SW to be able to bring his father home and capture the airplane here today. So that little boy was here Captain today. I love this guy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericnova512: Wow, what a story.... "I got you dad, you are home now" It took 52 years, but the HERO is now home... Let's honor him....
  2. @denofearth1965: You mean another war the U.S. had no business being in?!!!
  3. @parth1511: World will always indebted to brave American soldiers, who sacrificed their life in different parts of the globe and always unforgiving to those American policy makers who play dirty games across the world and after that it will be American soldiers who pay the price of saving world
  4. @no_prisoners1: The war that didn't need to happen to start with
  5. @janetbillingsley950: Welcome home
  6. @MegaLolakitty: How wonderful that he could be the one to bring his dad home.
  7. @wadebartelini2170: 🙏 ❤🙏 ❤🙏 ❤
  8. @Thomas-x7u2b: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  9. @AndrewPanayi-i9z: Sometimes words can’t do justice to what you want to say. ❤
  10. @KmevAng-v1h: Amazing content as always!
  11. @زهراساداترضاجاسبی: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  12. @lucyrodriguezSkinnercombs: Great job, this video was very useful!
  13. @YrDtrmkoFteMko: This was super helpful, thanks!
  14. @LinoWelling-g5p: This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  15. @kyhth-n8m: Great job, this video was very useful!
  16. @savonjaakari3803: What did he do in Vietnam?
  17. @markgibson6987: Man, that cuts deep.
  18. @tiamioukossoko4285: This was super helpful, thanks!
  19. @Brian_LeBirion: in 52 years maybe they can bring back our boys from Iran
  20. @AljaanEvvan: Loved the content, keep it coming!

- Do PILOTS get TIME for FAMILY? | Pilot Podcast CLIPS: Kind: captions Language: en how many days per month do you get time to spend with your family and friends okay uh I'm on a vacation then I get even more than it would be even 10 days so yeah that's uh how it is at least Whenever there is common off or common day on which there is you know we get time to spend either with family or with friends that's a lot of time I guess yes that's that's pretty much if your schedule is hectic then it can even reduce to five days a month yes now with the increase in the number of flights yes it is this is one of the most commonly asked question anywhere I go so the other day I went to this wedding and I never tell anyone that I'm a pilot but my friends who are with me they tell that I am a pilot okay so uh this one kid found out that I am a Pirate so he told his dad he's a pilot so his dad pulled a chair and he's like okay you are a pilot and then the interview starts okay okay so so the first question they ask is are you an international pilot or a domestic pilot yeah this is very commonly asked question to me by any Layman or anyone that I bump into and who knows me somehow I am a pilot for both these International as well as domestic I just told them I am a trainee pilot that's all once you are a pilot you are eligible to fly flight is not confined to domestic or International it is both so sometimes I would fly domestic route sometimes I would fly International route yes I do flyboard here I hope you all got the answer for it what's the highest speed you have flown till date I have flown to Mark decimal 8 who's playing in the layman terms so it is something the task to a speed of the aircraft compared to the speed of sound because at higher altitudes that is the requirement for more details on Mac meter check out the Mach number chapter on cntwa and you will know what it is every aircraft has something called as the maximum operating speed maximum operating Mach number so the craft visual fly that is Airbus 320 that has the MMO of decimal eight two I have flown till decimal eight one VMO of 350 knots so I've flown till 340 knots so this is the max speed that I've flown that's that's a great achievement again 340 knots corresponds to approximately 650 kilometers per hour so this is again without the effect of wind now if you consider the effect of wind if you have you know even if Tailwind then even we go to 550 knots of ground speed which is up to about eight to nine hundred kilometers per hour yeah it depends on the aircraft that you fly some aircrafts have MMO of decimal line one so I got crafts it all depends on that aircraft type which one you are flying moving on to the next question what foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @R3dEyez_J7 [17 likes]: i really want to start flight school im just slightly nervous but im very determined to achieve this goal
  2. @boysonthewheels [6 likes]: Can pilot go for holidays?
  3. @mananmajmudar5598 [3 likes]: That’s more than enough ; because usually 9 to 5 guys get at the most 4-5 days a month excluding holidays .
  4. @fatima054-s2b [3 likes]: Do we come home after every flight
  5. @anantasukar647 [3 likes]: Sir domestic pilots get holidays and vacation or no
  6. @manjuanju5027: 10k views and 10 comments😮
  7. @Sigmaruleswithgreenscreen: WTF 
7k views 
And 7 comments 😮😮😮

- 7 Cheap But Safe Planes For Beginner Pilot!: Kind: captions Language: en flying is a passion for many people but owning an airplane can be an expensive dream however there are some affordable small airplanes that can fit the budget of many and at big metal Birds we sourced seven overall best and most affordable small planes that are available for purchase right now so without further Ado fasten your seat belts we are taking off if you are looking for your very first plane you probably already searched for the legendary Cessna 150. this aircraft is likely the one you use during flight school in terms of performance the 150 is a reliable choice for many Pilots it can fly up to about 300 nautical miles which makes it suitable for short to mid-range flights additionally its fuel consumption rate of around 5 gallons per hour is impressive and can save you a lot of money in the long run the small plane also comes with a basic technology system that includes a single engine and a traditional cockpit although this may not be the most advanced technology out there it is still functional and can get the job done furthermore its traditional cockpit design can be beneficial to pilots who prefer a more straightforward and less complicated cockpit layout one of the main advantages of the Cessna is that it is Affordable and provides excellent value for its price depending on the aircraft's features a fair price for a mid 70s plane is around fifty thousand dollars overall the Cessna 150 is a versatile and practical small airplane that is suitable for pilots who are looking for an affordable and reliable aircraft its impressive fuel efficiency that's allows for a decent range of flight make it a worthwhile investment for those who want to explore the skies without breaking the bank the piper pa-38 Tomahawk is a fantastic plane that offers great value for money making it a popular choice among beginner Pilots think of it as a sibling of 150 flight schools used to have these a lot too 38th is on a pricier side in terms of Maintenance yet you can purchase the plane for the same fifty thousand dollars although it may seem small it is mighty with a range of approximately 600 nautical miles this makes it ideal for medium distance flights pa-38 is an incredibly efficient aircraft especially when knowing it's paired with a pretty powerful Lycoming o235 l2c engine the piper pa-38 is an exceptional aircraft that is definitely worth considering for beginner pilots who want a reliable safe and efficient means of transportation the Beechcraft musketeer is another great option among small planes especially for pilots who are looking for uncomfortable and reliable aircraft plus the one that has more space than Cessna 150 musketeer's maximum capacity is four people in comparison to 2 and 150 and tomahawk in terms of performance the musketeer is a solid Choice it has a range of approximately 500 nautical miles making it suitable for a variety of short to medium range flights additionally its fuel consumption rate of around 6 gallons per hour is relatively low a bit more than 150s but again its carries more weight the Beechcraft musketeer as each of the planes in this list is a single engine plane features a traditional cockpit and basic radio and navigation the cockpit is designed to be intuitive and user friendly making it easy for Pilots of all levels to navigate and fly the plane with ease with a price around sixty five thousand dollars it's a bit more expensive than Cessna 150 but it has a lot to offer the Cessna 172 a Timeless classic airplane has been in production for over six decades since its debut in 1956. despite its longevity this plane still manages to be a popular choice for Pilots around the world it has a range of approximately 800 nautical miles making it capable of long distance travel additionally it consumes fuel at a rate of approximately 8 gallons per hour which is relatively efficient for a four-seater 172 has been modified and upgraded over the years with newer models offering even more features and capabilities with its impressive range fuel efficiency and advanced technology it is no surprise that it remains a popular choice among Pilots today depending on the year hours flown and Equipment the price tag can vary between 50 to 90 thousand dollars it is a relatively affordable option that doesn't skimp on quality the Piper pa-28 Cherokee Big Brother of the tomahawk is a great option for Pilots of all levels from beginners to experienced ones this versatile plane offers a range of features that other usually don't pa-28 has a range of about 600 nautical miles with fuel consumption at around 6 gallons per hour which is pretty standard but Cherokee's interior is much more comfortable than 150s so the price is higher also the Cessna 150 usually comes equipped with a continental o200 engine while the piper has a Lycoming o320 engine it's larger and more powerful than the continental which gives the 28th a better performance in the air with a price range of between 60 and 100 000 the piper pa-28 costs double the price of 150 but it's double the fun the diamond D820 is a two-seater aircraft that is available in two engine variants choose between a bombardier rotax 912 Sport with 100 horsepower for da20i Katana variant and a fuel injected 125 horsepower Continental b32b both of these options are available for sale at around 150 000 the da-20 has a cruise speed of approximately 137 knots and a range of approximately 600 nautical miles in terms of passenger capacity the D820 is a two-seater aircraft with one seat for the pilot and one seat for a passenger the aircraft also has a baggage compartment with a capacity of 44 pounds the Cirrus sr-20 is a state-of-the-art aircraft that comes with a hefty price tag known for its high performance capabilities exceptional speed and Superior comfort with a price range that typically starts at 180 thousands and up to half a million the Cirrus sr-20 represents a significant investment for Pilots an aviation enthusiasts alike but what makes this aircraft truly special is its impressive range of approximately 800 nautical miles which allows pilots to travel further and faster sr-20 also comes equipped with state-of-the-art Comfort powerful single engine that delivers exceptional performance and reliability and Garmin G1000 avionics with full autopilot Cirrus SR20 is definitely a premium aircraft that offers an unparalleled combination of speed comfort and advanced technology whether you're a seasoned pilot or a newcomer to the world of Aviation the Cirrus sr-20 is a Top Choice for anyone who values quality performance and innovation here is our list of the most reliable yet cheapest small aircraft that you can fly with a private pilot license which one would you choose for yourself let us know in the comments don't forget to like this video And subscribe to our channel for more fascinating videos from the world of Aviation

  Top Comments:
  1. @great_basin_bristlecone_pine [52 likes]: why am I watching this even though the furthest I have got to being a pilot is thinking about going to flight school
  2. @bigmetalbirds [16 likes]: Thanks so much for watching this video! Let me know if you would love to see an in depth review for any of these planes!
  3. @shekharnaidu3210 [8 likes]: Will choose 182
  4. @ReddogDave [3 likes]: I would have bought an airplane long ago but hangar space is extensive.
  5. @forrestegan [2 likes]: If I could afford it, a Cirrus SR22 or Cessna 172…since I can’t, I fly RC airplanes!  😁
  6. @MrEd2291 [2 likes]: Good summary, it would have helped to mention the horsepower of each one.
  7. @ДраганМарковић [1 likes]: What is price ?
  8. @burningblue1254 [1 likes]: Cheap and aircraft should never be used in the same sentence. 
The cheapest part of owning a plane is the purchase price.
Aviation is like car racing. You start off rich and end up moderately well off.
  9. @U.S.bill2066 [1 likes]: Dude...150K is NOT AFFORDABLE.
  10. @stevemiller6053: funny how some of these appear on  'most dangerous aircraft' lists as well.
  11. @MagicBird-euro: I found 6:59 the vibrations on the factory standards more resonating in the sense that it makes me uncomfortable. It is a lot of wave patterns crushing each other and after the adoption of the work you did on the guitar it was more stable the vibration. It didn’t it sound it’s really good and it make me come at ease with it.
  12. @archer494: show me one owner who flies a Musketeer at 6 gallons 😂
more like 8-10
  13. @AdamsHogan-r9d: I have the CESSNA 150H  in my Garage. I've been unable to fly it for over two years now
  14. @manosm.4718: i am the proud owner of many small gliders and jets (in gta) and i fly them regularly
  15. @Adam-g9d7h: Is a SR 22 turbo G7 too much for a beginner?
  16. @OrionWebster: SR20 is NOT cheap
  17. @javediqbalqaimkhani7890: Cessna 172
  18. @KimKemp-p4e: I am mad I am about to leave.
  19. @KimKemp-p4e: These are NOT for beginners they to laggy! Give the new guys the good stuff. This clunkers and they just cheap.
  20. @MasterCarguy44-pk2dq: Do not fill plane with lax and bags and then fill tanks to the max either, or your goose will be cooked.

- How to Actually Afford an Airplane: Kind: captions Language: en there are a lot of videos and articles out there talking about the most affordable airplanes that you can buy today and before buying this little Vans rv12 I watched a lot of these videos and read all these articles about how to get into Aviation affordably and after owning this airplane for a little bit over a year and a half I realized that these videos and articles about the most affordable airplanes have gotten it a little bit wrong and I'm here to tell you why so if you go back and watch all these videos about the most affordable aircraft you're going to realize ize one thing all these videos are presenting certified airplanes so airplanes like the cesna 172 which is actually kind of expensive now cesna 150 Cherokee 140 or maybe an Arona champ or something like a Piper Cub so all certified airplanes a certified airplane is an airplane that was built in a factory certified by the FAA and deemed safe enough to use to make money so safe enough to rent out to other people to charge people to do training in it or to give rides or to use for higher today the market for certified aircraft has gotten completely out of hand especially for brand new airplanes so if you look at the cesna 172 which is amazingly still being produced by cesna aircraft you'll see that the MSRP on a brand new 172 is something like $500,000 or more I don't know what it is but that's insane so a lot of people who buy an aircraft go with an old airplane maybe a cesna 172 that was built in 1965 you could get one for maybe 65 and that's on the lower end or maybe you buy a sesm 150 for $35,000 but with all these certified airplanes you're going to realize one thing so let's say you bought a ces1 150 for $35,000 if you don't have your &p license you are not allowed to work on the airplane yourself so that includes stuff like I don't know regreasing the main Wheels it's kind of a gray area if you can do that or not but let's say you want to make upgrades to the panel you cannot really do that if you don't have yourp maybe you have to change some insulation in the in the fuselage you can't do that if you don't have your license so you're going to have to pay someone usually over $100 an hour to work on the aircraft and then let's say you have to find a replacement part or let's say you want a new radio for your airplane you go on aircraftspruce.com and you look up the radio then you're going to see that there are two price options there's going to be a certified airplane price and an experimental airplane price you're going to notice very quickly that the certified price is way more expensive than the experimental price here is my first tip if you want to get into Aviation and do it affordably my number one piece of advice is to go with an experimental airplane kind of like this one I understand that the words experimental airplane are very scary to a lot of people you know you if you tell the general public hey I fly an experimental airplane they're going to be like whoa you're you're crazy you're flying an experiment in the sky like you're going to die well I'm here to tell you that that's not really the case experimental Aviation is just kind of a blanket term for any airplane that wasn't fully built in a factory or it was plans built or it came in a kit like this one or maybe it was a one-off which is very rare or maybe it was built in a factory but it hasn't gotten its FAA certification yet so pretty much basically any airplane that wasn't built in a factory but experimental Aviation or most experimental airplanes like the little Vans rv12 sitting right behind me are extremely proven designs so the kit for this aircraft was produced in around 2011 I think but the airplane was finished in 2017 this was number 495 on the serial number list so but in general Vans aircraft has made over 11,000 kits and I think there are actually 11,000 flying I don't know the number is huge it's a proven design even though it's it's an experimental airplane so with owning an experimental airplane there are some huge positives number one you can work on the airplane yourself as the owner and you can upgrade it and do anything you want to the panel and there's no real paperwork that is going to Bar you from doing so every year you do have to pay an amp to do your condition inspection if you have a just a regular experimental amateur built airplane but that's no big deal that's one cost a year you maybe pay $800 for someone who spends 8 hours doing your condition inspection okay so yeah tip number one go with an experimental airplane now piggybacking off that tip there's another detail that I want to suggest to you all if you really want to save money and not only just go with an experimental airplane but go with an experimental light sport airplane like the one sitting right behind me now a light sport airplane does have its limitations you know it's limited in speed it can only go 120 knots has to have a fixed pitch propeller fix landing gear only two-seater and only weigh 1,320 lb but there is a huge advantage to owning an experimental light Sport and it's called the light sport repairman inspection course so that is a course that only takes 2 days and it allows you as the owner to do your condition inspections on your experimental light sport airplane not only can you work on the airplane yourself but when it comes down to your yearly condition inspection with the light sport repair man inspection certificate that you can get uh which is only a two-day course and about $400 you can legally sign off on your condition inspections For your airplane so then in the end you never have to pay anyone to work on your airplane of course it's a good idea to not get into something that you don't have a lot of expertise on like my good friend Jack right across the way he helped me out with my engine stuff like taking compression readings and balancing my carburetors he's also got a great YouTube channel so you should check it out real nice guy he's helped me tremendously but he's an am so I used him to help me out but uh huge moneys saving aspect about owning an experimental light sport I definitely recommend it the next tip about owning an affordable airplane is looking into the insurance cost so nowadays insurance rates are skyrocketing for Aviation it's just getting completely out of hand it's really driving a lot of people out of Aviation and owning an airplane but for example before I got this rv12 years ago I really wanted to own a c or an Aventura which both of those are experimental airplanes but they are amphibious airplanes uh you know that can land on the water and land on land uh I really wanted one they're two-seaters they look like a lot of fun they have good payload it just seems like a great airplane for Florida so I was pretty set on getting one uh and then I reached out to my insurance broker to ask hey how much would it cost to insure me in a c r you know just spitballing here uh I have 25 hours of tail wheel time something around there and at the time I think I only had like 200 hours or something like that he came back and told me it would cost me $6,000 to ensure me in a c and on top of that I had to get a whole bunch of training and all this stuff and that's $6,000 per year to ensure myself under liability and also ensure the whole value of the airplane which I believe I don't know I said well take into account maybe $45,000 airplane at that rate you're basically buying a new airplane every 10 years just off of insurance costs alone so that's my third tip really really look into insurance rates things like having a complex airplane you know retractable landing gear variable pitch propeller a high performance and dare I say twin engine all those things if you don't have a lot of time in those airplanes the insurance for you is going to be crazy so really looking to insurance rates if you want to get into Aviation affordably okay last thing I want to talk about is that the world of certified airplanes is dwindling you know it's not a very fun thing to say but it's the truth brand new certified airplanes are getting extremely expensive expensive and all the certified airplanes that you can possibly afford the purchase price for are just getting more rare you know they're crashing or not being maintained and they're built in the 60s Parts become very tough to find and they're going to be very expensive because not only are you trying to Source something that is 50 years old uh it also has to be a certified part so on top of finding the part you have to have all the paperwork behind it and then you have to have an& to do the work and then you have to have an IIA sign off on it the cost starts adding up extremely quickly and it's making these airplanes very hard to keep sure a lot of these videos and articles about the most affordable airplanes are going to say Hey you know annual average annual cost is like 1,200 bucks but that is really if nothing goes wrong remember A&S are charging about $100 per hour at least in my experience maybe you have a better A&P out there but it's very expensive to hire an to do all the work and remember with experimental experimental light sport you can do all the work yourself and then if you go light sport experimental you can sign off on the condition inspections but like I said certified airplanes are dying out but there is a whole new world of airplanes coming up and it's in the experimental Aviation category you know you can get into the gyroplane world you can get into airplanes that look like mine like the bristell sure the new ones are going to be more expensive but also you can get older experimental airplanes like this one and you can maintain it yourself and this one is a relatively modern airplane comp compared to certified airplanes flying today so basically I just want to leave you with this so even though a lot of what I said maybe not be so positive about certified airplanes dying out the whole new world of experimental airplanes is growing and it's growing quickly especially with the passing or the future passing of the Mosaic rules a lot of cool fast two-seater airplanes might be open for light sport Pilots okay so those were my big tips for getting into Aviation affordably and how to actually afford an airplane quick recap go with an experimental airplane don't go with certified unless you want to pay someone and do all the work and get certified parts that might be for you that's okay uh if you go experimental consider experimental light sport because of the cost that you save doing the work yourself and doing your condition inspections look into Insurance costs you know they add up really quickly and just the insurance rate can keep you from owning an airplane on top a hanger costs and things like that and number four certified aircraft are dying out and there's a whole new wave of experimental airplanes coming up that are going to be really exciting those are my major tips for getting into Aviation affordably I hope you enjoyed the video till next time blue skies and I'll see you on the next flight [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @FloridaFlying [360 likes]: TIP #6: You have to be very passionate about aviation. Even though these tips are for saving money, you will still invest a lot into an airplane. You have to love it and be willing to make sacrifices for it. Not everyone can afford an airplane, but these are steps in the right direction.
  2. @dalefunk2709 [2 likes]: i used to work in aviation and you can do a lot of the work without an a&p as long as someone who has it comes behind you to check everything and sign off
  3. @rrjair: Didn't it kind of freak you out buying a plane that a guy built at home not knowing if he/she knew what they were doing? I tend to be overboard on anything I do. How did you account for the "shade tree mechanic" type builder?
  4. @pendleton123: I REALLY  want a Searay when I get in my 40s. $7k for insurance is nuts
  5. @iwantosavemoney: Am debating on a helicopter vs plane
  6. @larryfalkin63: Are experimental aircraft available for sale or do you have to build it for yourself?
  7. @toadamine: i inherited two aircraft... an ultra light and a hang glider. never put either one together... i use the ultralight motor and propeller
 as a shop fan... lol

i was thinking about building a foam airplane like a mini long EZ and put the ultralight motor in it...

i was also thinking about making a bigger one and putting an aluminum LS1 V-8 with like 500HP in it.... but that would be kinda pricey..

you didnt mention fractonal ownership.. thats quite common with aircraft.
  8. @TheonlyZerosumgame: I have had this urge to buy a 152 or 172 and drop a Rotax 916 in it, saves 110lbs it’s turbo so performance is better at altitude, and on SIP mode and a variable pitch, you can cruise at 120 kn around 4-5 GPH increased range increased payload.. why not? 

Oh and it can run on 91 octane
  9. @hmarkison: You can do a great deal of work on your own aircraft.  Almost all basic maintenance like oil changes, lamp changes, etc.
Having said that, owning an airplane is always expensive.
  10. @BoiFr-zs6dh: This guy put auto tune on for talking
  11. @andor8635: The goverment has gotten in General Aviation and madeit  real expensive.  I bought a certified airplane years ago much cheaper I remembering buy a used run out C172  1972 for $20,000 dollars back in the early 80S  I later rebuilt the Lycoming engine for $19,000 but inflation has push parts up in price. I use to pay $1.75 a gallon of avgas now it's $7.00 a gallon. Spark plugs use to be $18,0 a plug now $40 a plug. All the new airplane have digital panels which cost thousands of dollars. I have the old steam gages. The older planes that were rectified are not being built as many some crash some get destroyed for variest reason. Yes they sell new but not to many to expensive.
  12. @wolfmantroy6601: With the new MOSAIC regulations many more planes are available to fly with the Sport Pilot license.
  13. @phildc9397: I m looking for plans wilson global explorer
  14. @JasonGriffith007: 😂 stfu.
  15. @waltersobchak9427: 800$ once a year alone makes flying impractical for most people.
  16. @BlakeLberg-d6v: I really don’t have anywhere to go
  17. @stevenbathurst7027: what about hanger and airport fees, fuel?
  18. @L4T1NK4R0: I have a much shorter tip for you: don't get into aviation if you make average income.
  19. @Vincent-t1s8l: I appreciate the information.
  20. @golffoxtrotyankeehooligan222: The range on that aircraft and max payload with fuel two people in it average weight 225? How much fuel can I put in it in? What range can I fly it and at what altitude?

- Six Seater Planes You Can Buy For Your Family | Costs & Specs: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿These planes can carry your whole family,&nbsp; cruise above the clouds, and land on short&nbsp;&nbsp; runways most jets can’t touch. And the best&nbsp; part? Some cost less than an exotic car. From&nbsp;&nbsp; sleek turboprops to high-performance pistons —&nbsp; these are the six-seaters you can actually own,&nbsp;&nbsp; and what it takes to fly them. Number six: The Piper Saratoga &nbsp; Let's start with the Piper Saratoga, a&nbsp; single-engine powerhouse that's been the&nbsp;&nbsp; gateway drug for countless families entering&nbsp; the world of private aviation. This isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; some glorified Cessna - we're talking about a&nbsp; legitimate cross-country cruiser that can haul&nbsp;&nbsp; six people and their luggage at speeds that&nbsp; make commercial aviation look embarrassing. The Saratoga comes equipped with a&nbsp; three-hundred-horsepower Lycoming&nbsp;&nbsp; engine that pushes this bird through the sky at&nbsp; one hundred seventy-five miles per hour. A trip&nbsp;&nbsp; from New York to Miami that takes most people&nbsp; an entire day becomes a four-and-a-half-hour&nbsp;&nbsp; flight in your own aircraft. What really sets&nbsp; it apart is its useful load capacity of one&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand three hundred pounds - that means six&nbsp; adults with full fuel, or four adults with enough&nbsp;&nbsp; luggage for a week-long vacation. Price-wise, you're looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; two hundred thousand to four hundred thousand&nbsp; dollars for a well-maintained example. Annual&nbsp;&nbsp; operating costs run around thirty thousand to&nbsp; forty thousand dollars, but remember - you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not just buying transportation,&nbsp; you're buying time and flexibility. Number five: The Beechcraft Bonanza A36 Moving up the food chain, we have the&nbsp;&nbsp; Beechcraft Bonanza A36, often called the Cadillac&nbsp; of single-engine aircraft. Under the hood sits&nbsp;&nbsp; a three-hundred-horsepower Continental&nbsp; engine that propels the Bonanza to cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; speeds of two hundred miles per hour. That's&nbsp; genuinely fast for a single-engine aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the stability at that speed is remarkable. The A36 features something most single-engine&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft don't: a genuine six-seat cabin with&nbsp; club seating and a rear cargo door. That rear&nbsp;&nbsp; door is a game-changer for loading luggage, golf&nbsp; clubs, or anything else your family adventure&nbsp;&nbsp; requires. The fit and finish rivals luxury cars. Expect to pay between three hundred thousand and&nbsp;&nbsp; six hundred thousand dollars for a solid A36.&nbsp; Operating costs are similar to the Saratoga,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the Bonanza's efficiency means you'll&nbsp; burn slightly less fuel per mile traveled. Number four: The Cirrus SR22 Now let's talk about the Cirrus SR22,&nbsp;&nbsp; the aircraft that revolutionized general aviation&nbsp; with its whole-aircraft parachute system. The SR22&nbsp;&nbsp; is powered by a three-hundred-fifteen-horsepower&nbsp; Continental engine with cruise speeds hitting&nbsp;&nbsp; one hundred eighty-five miles per hour,&nbsp; or over two hundred miles per hour in&nbsp;&nbsp; the turbocharged variant. What makes the SR22 special is its Cirrus&nbsp;&nbsp; Airframe Parachute System - in an emergency, you&nbsp; can literally pull a handle and lower the entire&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft safely to the ground. This system has&nbsp; saved hundreds of lives since its introduction.&nbsp;&nbsp; The glass cockpit features synthetic&nbsp; vision, terrain awareness, weather radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; and autopilot systems that can land the&nbsp; plane without pilot input in an emergency. A new SR22 costs around eight hundred thousand&nbsp; to nine hundred thousand dollars, with used&nbsp;&nbsp; examples starting around four hundred&nbsp; thousand dollars for older models. Stick around until the end to see which aircraft&nbsp; can cross the Atlantic Ocean with a full family&nbsp;&nbsp; load, and the surprising maintenance costs that&nbsp; could save you fifty thousand dollars annually&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to commercial flying. Number three: The Piper Meridian Moving into turboprop territory, the&nbsp; Piper Meridian represents a massive&nbsp;&nbsp; step up in capability. This single-engine&nbsp; turboprop is powered by a Pratt and Whitney&nbsp;&nbsp; PT6A turboprop engine producing five hundred&nbsp; shaft horsepower. Turboprops start instantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; run smoother than piston engines, and&nbsp; deliver consistent power regardless&nbsp;&nbsp; of altitude. Cruise speeds jump to two hundred&nbsp; sixty miles per hour at thirty thousand feet. The pressurized cabin means no more ear-popping&nbsp; climbs or weather avoidance at low altitudes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your family travels in shirt-sleeve comfort while&nbsp; the world passes by twenty-five thousand feet&nbsp;&nbsp; below. Range exceeds one thousand miles&nbsp; with full fuel, making coast-to-coast&nbsp;&nbsp; trips possible with just one fuel stop. Expect to invest between one point two million&nbsp;&nbsp; and two point five million dollars for a Meridian.&nbsp; Operating costs jump to around seventy thousand to&nbsp;&nbsp; ninety thousand dollars annually, but you're&nbsp; getting jet-like capability and reliability. Number two: Daher’s TBM series The TBM series from Daher represents&nbsp;&nbsp; the pinnacle of single-engine turboprop&nbsp; performance. These French-built aircraft&nbsp;&nbsp; are essentially jets with propellers,&nbsp; delivering speeds and capabilities&nbsp;&nbsp; that rival light jets. Current TBM&nbsp; models like the nine forty cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; at over three hundred thirty miles per hour at&nbsp; thirty-one thousand feet - faster than many jets.&nbsp;&nbsp; You'll burn about sixty gallons per hour&nbsp; while covering nearly six miles per minute. The TBM's range exceeds one thousand four&nbsp; hundred miles with full fuel, enabling true&nbsp;&nbsp; coast-to-coast capability. The high service&nbsp; ceiling and weather radar mean you'll actually&nbsp;&nbsp; complete trips on schedule, regardless of weather&nbsp; conditions that would ground lesser aircraft. A new TBM nine forty costs around four point&nbsp; five million dollars. Used examples from the&nbsp;&nbsp; early two thousands can be found for under two&nbsp; million dollars, though operating costs remain&nbsp;&nbsp; substantial at around one hundred thousand to&nbsp; one hundred twenty thousand dollars annually. Number one: The Pilatus PC twelve Finally, we reach the Holy Grail of&nbsp;&nbsp; family aviation: the Pilatus PC-twelve.&nbsp; This Swiss-built turboprop is powered by&nbsp;&nbsp; a twelve-hundred-shaft-horsepower Pratt and&nbsp; Whitney PT6A engine - more than twice the&nbsp;&nbsp; power of the Meridian. This translates to cruise&nbsp; speeds of two hundred eighty miles per hour and&nbsp;&nbsp; climb rates that put many jets to shame. What makes the PC-twelve special is its&nbsp;&nbsp; versatility. The cabin can be configured as a&nbsp; six-seat luxury transport, an eight-seat commuter,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even a cargo hauler with all seats removed.&nbsp; The flat floor and large cargo door mean you&nbsp;&nbsp; can literally load a motorcycle for&nbsp; backcountry adventures. Range exceeds&nbsp;&nbsp; one thousand eight hundred miles, and&nbsp; it can operate from runways as short&nbsp;&nbsp; as two thousand four hundred feet - opening up&nbsp; thousands of airports that jets cannot access. Pricing starts around five point five million&nbsp; dollars new, with used examples starting around&nbsp;&nbsp; two million dollars. Operating costs&nbsp; run approximately one hundred fifty&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand dollars annually, but the capability and&nbsp; legendary Swiss reliability justify the investment&nbsp;&nbsp; for families who demand the absolute best. The reality of aircraft ownership extends beyond&nbsp;&nbsp; the purchase price. Hangar costs vary from five&nbsp; hundred dollars monthly in smaller cities to over&nbsp;&nbsp; two thousand dollars in major metropolitan areas.&nbsp; Insurance runs three to five percent of the&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft's value annually. Annual inspections cost&nbsp; between ten thousand and thirty thousand dollars,&nbsp;&nbsp; while engine overhauls occur every one thousand&nbsp; five hundred to two thousand flight hours, costing&nbsp;&nbsp; fifty thousand to two hundred thousand dollars. However, for families flying more than&nbsp;&nbsp; one hundred hours annually, aircraft ownership&nbsp; often proves more economical than chartering. The&nbsp;&nbsp; break-even point varies, but the convenience&nbsp; and schedule flexibility remain constant&nbsp;&nbsp; regardless of financial considerations. These six aircraft represent realistic&nbsp;&nbsp; options for families serious about private&nbsp; aviation. From the accessible Piper Saratoga&nbsp;&nbsp; to the ultimate PC-twelve, each offers a&nbsp; different balance of performance, capability,&nbsp;&nbsp; and operating costs. The key is matching&nbsp; your mission requirements to the aircraft's&nbsp;&nbsp; capabilities while honestly assessing your budget&nbsp; for both acquisition and ongoing operations.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bruceleroy1683 [42 likes]: Me: Drives a 2002 Honda Civic
Me: Shopping for a private plane on YT
  2. @David-xk6xq [32 likes]: The Cirrus SR22 is a four seater, nice aeroplane but doesn’t belong in the family six seater category
  3. @ohdamnitsthatguy60 [5 likes]: This is a very important quest .....DO ANY OF THE PLANES LISTED HAVE A TOILET ON BOARD?
  4. @toursouthwestpa1014 [3 likes]: Take out the Cirrus and put in the Epic E1000 GX.
  5. @MooshuberAnton-s7r [3 likes]: The PC12 is an old model! Current is the PC12 evo and before that PC12 NGX . Speed 290 nn, range 1900 nn, price 4.5 milli. Fully equipped 5mil. With automatic landing .etc she is the „ONE“
  6. @AlpanTanjung [2 likes]: I love  PC 12
it is highly reliable.
  7. @DimaKichatyy [2 likes]: When did SR22 become a 6 seater?
  8. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [1 likes]: 🇪🇸✈ ¡Atención!
We now have a SPANISH version of this channel: World Of Luxury en Español
First video this Saturday – click here to subscribe early: https://bit.ly/WOL_es
  9. @RAPR117 [1 likes]: PC-12 is not a 6 seater plane.....
  10. @ShahidMuneeb-h1s [1 likes]: Single engine plane is risk.
  11. @linhkquang [1 likes]: No toilet in any of them.
  12. @mikewaterfield3599 [1 likes]: You really should never judge an aircraft by its seat count.  It’s payload, and range is a function of endurance not speed.  Then there is balance to consider.  A PA32R is by default a six seater.  I wouldn’t but six on board unless those in the back are kids especially the aft most seats.  Aircraft should always be gauged by weight class.  A PC12 and a TBM should never be compared head to head despite having the same power plant.
  13. @MontyChicola [1 likes]: I agree cirrus doesn't deserve to be in this team. Pa46 350p does mirage or m350. U missed it. Great airplane and cheaper than the meridian.
  14. @khairyzal7243: We had a TBM Socata. Now we're leasing a Gulfstream.
  15. @JorgeLAxeGrinderBobe: You not counting plan fuel,, insurance maintenance they are not worth them prices,,I'll wait for my Gulfstreám
  16. @Honutillllllll: 4:43 tf you mean AND?
  17. @Honutillllllll: 4:06 no they dont
  18. @thaboy1719: This is so not Worth it i cant even put it into words 😂 you could fly Charter with your whole Family like 10+ times a year for just the operating costs of Most of these not even Talking about the Price itself
  19. @mrs.becomes1234: I dont want to buy one, I just want to use a private jet to fly..
  20. @Spiritual_eden: Wow. These are the kind of things I love to see. I was just checking out some of these 6 seater planes on Tsunami Air and I have to say with proper planning they are not that hard to acquire.

- Six Seater Planes You Can Buy For Your Family | Costs & Specs: Kind: captions Language: en hello again Aviation enthusiasts welcome back to our Channel where we explore everything that flies in the sky in today's video we'll be diving into a niche yet incredibly interesting topic six-seater airplanes that you can buy for your family these planes are perfect for those who crave the freedom of private flight while accommodating a small group whether you're planning family vacations business trips or simply want the joy of flying your loved ones around these aircraft offer a blend of performance comfort and value choosing the right six-seater airplane can be a daunting task given the variety of options available each aircraft comes with its own set of features capabilities and price points our goal today is to help you navigate through these options by presenting the top five six-seater airplanes currently on the market we'll look at their specifications performance costs and what makes each of them stand out without further Ado let's count down the top five six Cedar airplanes you can buy right now starting our list at number five is the Piper Saratoga 2 Hp a well-respected aircraft known for its reliability and versatility originally introduced in the 1980s the Saratoga 2 Hp has carved out a niche for itself among private pilots who appreciate its blend of performance and comfort with a rich history and strong track record the Saratoga 2 Hp remains a popular choice for those seeking a Dependable six Cedar aircraft the Piper Saratoga 2 Hp is powered by a loming IO 540 K1 G5 engine which provides 300 horsepower this robust engine allows the aircraft to cruise comfortably at speeds of around 170 knots making it ideal for both short and long distance flights Additionally the aircraft boasts a range of approximately 1,000 nautical miles giving Pilots the flexibility to undertake longer trips without frequent refueling stops the max maximum takeoff weight of the Saratoga 2 Hp is 3600 lb and it features a useful load of about 1,200 lb ensuring ample capacity for passengers and Luggage one of the key selling points of the Piper Saratoga 2 Hp is its spacious and comfortable cabin the club seating arrangement in the rear provides plenty of leg room and allows passengers to face each other making it conducive for conversation and a more enjoyable flying experience the aircraft also comes equipped with modern avionics in including a Garmin gns 430 GPS system which enhances navigation and safety this blend of comfort and Technology makes the Saratoga 2 Hp a favorite among families and small business groups alike when it comes to purchasing a Piper Saratoga 2 Hp the cost can vary significantly based on the aircraft's age condition and upgrades it might have received generally you can expect to find used models in the range of 300 to $500,000 newer models or those with more advanced avionics packages may be priced on the higher end of this range additionally potential buyers should consider the cost of ownership which includes maintenance insurance and hanger fees as these can add up over time beyond the initial purchase price the Piper Saratoga 2 Hp is known for its relatively low operating costs compared to other aircraft in its class its fuel consumption is modest averaging around 15 to 20 gallons per hour depending on flight conditions routine maintenance is straightforward and can be handled by most certified mechanics further reducing the overall cost of ownership this combination of reasonable purchase price and manageable operating costs makes the Piper Saratoga 2 Hp an attractive option for Pilots looking to balance performance comfort and budget at number four we have the cesna 206 stationer an aircraft celebrated for its rugged design and impressive performance the stationer has been a staple in the the aviation Community since the 1960s known for its versatility and reliability in both personal and Commercial settings this aircraft is ideal for pilots who need a robust plane that can handle a variety of missions from family trips to Cargo transport the Cessna 206 stationer is powered by a loming IO 540 ac15 engine which produces 300 horsepower this engine allows the aircraft to reach a cruising speed of around 145 knots and offers a range of about 730 nautical miles the maximum takeoff weight is 3600 lb and it can carry a useful load of up to 1,300 lb making it ideal for carrying passengers and Luggage this capacity is particularly useful for those who need to transport heavy or bulky items along with their family or passengers one of the standout features of the Cessna 206 stationer is its large double cargo doors which make loading and unloading AB the interior is spacious with ample Headroom and leg room for all six passengers the aircraft is also equipped with Advanced aonics including a Garmin G1000 nxi integrated flight deck which provides Pilots with all the necessary tools for safe and efficient flying this avionic Suite includes synthetic Vision weather radar and ADS-B capabilities enhancing both safety and situational awareness in terms of cost a new Cessna 206 stationer can range from $700 to $800,000 while used models can be found for $400 to $600,000 this makes the station air a solid investment for those looking for a durable and versatile six-seater aircraft the aircraft's durability and versatility justify its price tag making it a favorite among those who need a reliable plane for diverse needs coming in at number three is the beachcraft Bonanza G36 an aircraft that has set the standard for single engine performance and luxury the Bonanza series has been in continuous production since 1947 making it one of the longest running aircraft production lines in history the G36 variant offers modern avionics and comfort combined with the legendary performance of the Bonanza the beach crap Bonanza G36 is powered by a continental IO 550-bed 300 horsepower this power plant enables the aircraft to cruise at speeds of around 176 knots with a range of approx o imately 920 nautical miles the maximum takeoff weight is 3,650 lb and it can climb at a rate of 1,230 ft per minute making it a very capable and efficient aircraft these performance metrics make the G36 suitable for both short Hops and longer Journeys providing flexibility for various flight missions inside the cabin the Bonanza G36 offers a luxurious and comfortable environment for passengers the club seating arrangement allows for easy conversation and interaction during the flight the aircraft is also equipped with the latest Garmin G1000 nxi avionic Suite which includes features such as synthetic Vision weather radar and ADS-B capabilities ensuring a safe and smooth flying experience the attention to detail in the cabin design and the advanced avionics make every flight of pleasure whether for business or Leisure the cost of a new beachcraft Bonanza G36 is typically around 900,000 to $1.2 million depending on the options and avionics packages chosen for those considering a used model prices generally range from 500 to $800,000 the Bonanza G36 is a premium option for those who want a blend of performance luxury and advanced technology in their six-seater aircraft the investment in a Bonanza G36 not only provides an excellent flying experience but also a high sale value due to its strong reputation and demand narrowly missing the top spot the number two position is held by the piper m350 this aircraft is part of the Piper's mclass lineup and is known for its exceptional Comfort performance and advanced avionics the m350 is the only current production pressurized piston engine aircraft making it a unique and highly desirable option for private pilots and families the piper m350 is powered by a loming Tio 540 a2a engine producing 350 horsepower this engine allows the m350 to achieve a cruising speed of 213 knots and a range of approximately 1,343 nautical miles the maximum takeoff weight is 4,340 lb and the aircraft can climb at a rate of 1,350 ft per minute its pressurized cabin allows the aircraft to fly at higher altitudes providing a smoother and more comfortable ride for passengers the m350 is performance capability make it suitable for longer trips and higher altitude flights offering flexibility and convenience the interior of the m350 is designed with luxury and comfort in mind the cabin is spacious with Club seating and ample leg room for all six passengers the aircraft is equipped with the latest Garmin G1000 nxi avionic site which includes features such as synthetic Vision autopilot weather radar and ADS-B capabilities these Advanced avionics ensure that Pilots have all the tools they need for safe and efficient flying the combination of a pressurized cabin and advanced avionx provides a high level of comfort and safety making every Journey enjoyable and secure when it comes to cost a new Piper m350 typically ranges from 1.2 to $1.5 avionics packages selected used models can be found for around $800 ,000 to $1 million the piper m350 offers a combination of performance comfort and advanced technology making it a Top Choice for those seeking a premium six-seater aircraft the investment in an m350 is substantial but the benefits of its performance and comfort make it worthwhile taking the top spot on our list is the DI a TBM 910 a premium aircraft known for its impressive blend of speed range and advanced technology the tbm9 910 is the latest in the TBM series a line of High Performance single- Engine turbo props that have set the standard in the industry with its Sleek design and Powerful engine the TBM 910 is an exceptional choice for pilots who demand the best in performance and comfort the DI a TBM 910 is powered by the Brighton Whitney Canada pt6a 66d engine delivering an impressive 850 horsepower this powerful engine allows the aircraft to cruise its speeds up to 330 knots making it one of the fastest single engine turbo props available the TBM 910 boasts a maximum range of approximately 1,730 nautical miles enabling non-stop flights from New York to Miami or from Los Angeles to Dallas the aircraft's 7,394 lb and it features a useful load of around 1,400 lb providing ample capacity for passengers and cargo the interior of the DI a TBM 910 is designed with luxury and comfort in mind the cabin offers seating for six with high quality materials and ergonomic seats that ensure a comfortable Journey for all passengers the TBM 910 also features large windows that provide excellent natural light and stunning views the aircraft's cabin is equipped with Advanced climate control systems and noise reduction technology creating a Serene and pleasant flying environment one one of the standout features of the DI a TBM 910 is its state-of-the-art avionic Suite the aircraft is equipped with the Garmin g3000 integrated flight deck which includes three large touchscreen displays synthetic Vision weather radar and advanced autopilot capabilities the advanced avionic Suite provides Pilots with unparalleled situational awareness and simplifies flight operations enhancing both safety and efficiency additionally the TBM 910 features a single lever power control which simplifies engine management and reduces pilot workload when it comes to cost the D TBM 910 is priced at around $4.1 million for a new model while this represents a significant investment the TBM 910 offers exceptional value for its performance range and advanced features used models are relatively rare but they can be found for prices ranging from $3.5 to $4 million depending on age and condition the TBM 910 combination of speed luxury and cuttingedge Technology make it a Top Choice for Discerning pilots and business Travelers and there you have it our top five six-seater airplanes that you can buy for your family each of these aircraft offers a unique blend of performance comfort and advanced technology making them excellent choices for private pilots and Aviation enthusiasts whether you prioritize speed range luxury or safety there is a six-seater airplane on this list that will meet your needs and exceed your expectations if you enjoyed this video make sure you give it a thumbs up subscribe to our channel for more Aviation content and hit the Bell icon to stay updated with our latest videos thank you for watching and happy flying

  Top Comments:
  1. @wizardgmb [12 likes]: AI CLICK BAIT
  2. @billcox5217 [10 likes]: When reviewing an aircraft why do you slip in pictures of passengers sipping wine in biz jets.  Very misleading, plus many of the pics don’t match the plane you’re discussing.
  3. @jononioo2857 [6 likes]: As a pilot, i can confidently say that this video is trash!
  4. @chuckgibbons9731 [6 likes]: A normally aspirated Saratoga can’t make 170 knots, more like 155 kts
  5. @matiascreus9057 [3 likes]: Six Seater Planes You Can Buy ??? or dream jejejejeje
  6. @lizperr [1 likes]: Thank you. Well done!
  7. @NalineVillaman [1 likes]: This is my first time watching your video and I loved it. I don't purchase luxury bags and I probably never will, or if I do, it will be pre-loved. But I do buy  :yt: luxrul :yt:  occasionally of the styles that I really like. I truly appreciate your comparisons here, which have helped me make a decision about a couple for which I was on the fence. I'll be pulling the trigger now. Thanks for this and your humor.
  8. @jacksonmarshallkramer5087 [1 likes]: 170 knots/195 mph
  9. @Robert-t1p: An airplane that has a wing over the above the cabin molded to the top of the cabin.and has landing gear like a brush plane.for landing in remote areas with small jet engines with reverse thrust only used for short landings to slow the craft down.
  10. @rontoomey1187: Almost every time I hear or read about a private plane crashing; It's the BEACHCRAFT BONANZA!

- Single Dad Janitor in Seat 12F Was Ignored -Until F-22 Elite Command Heard His Call Sign and Saluted: Kind: captions Language: en The boarding gate buzzed with the soft hum of morning sunlight [music] pouring through the massive airport windows, casting warm reflections across polished floors and impatient [music] travelers checking their watches. Passengers in tailored suits [music] and expensive sunglasses shuffled forward with confidence, their carry-ons gliding behind them like silent servants. [music] Near the end of the line stood a tired man in a faded maintenance uniform, clutching a worn backpack and holding the tiny hand of his daughter, whose bright smile clashed against the exhaustion [music] on his face. He quietly took his assigned boarding pass for seat 12F, already used to the sideways glances [music] and silent judgments that followed him everywhere. What no one inside [music] that aircraft knew was that the quiet janitor standing under the daylight glare carried a past heavier than the planes flying overhead. If you believe kindness and second chances can change lives, take a moment to like, comment, share, and subscribe [music] to LifeSpark Stories because stories like this remind us that heroes often walk among us unseen. Amon Reyes had spent the last 4 years cleaning the [music] floors of a public high school, working double shifts to support his 8-year-old daughter Meher after [music] losing his wife to a sudden illness. The morning flight was his first vacation since her passing, funded by years of careful saving [music] just to take Meher to visit her grandparents. His uniform, though freshly washed, still carried faint stains from years of labor, and his shoes [music] showed cracks from endless walking across hallways. As he stepped onto the aircraft during [music] bright daylight, he felt the familiar weight of being invisible among passengers dressed in luxury brands and polished confidence. Meher clutched her small backpack decorated with cartoon airplanes, her excitement [music] shining through every step, unaware of how many silent storms her father had weathered to give her this simple moment of joy. Seat 12F was near the wing, and Amon carefully placed Meher by the window, helping her buckle her [music] seatbelt while adjusting the small pillow behind her back. Passengers around them exchanged polite but distant glances before [music] returning to their tablets and business calls. Flight attendants moved gracefully through the aisle, their smiles professional yet distant. Amon sat quietly, his eyes scanning [music] the bright runway outside as memories drifted back like echoes from another lifetime, memories he rarely allowed himself to revisit [music] because they reminded him of everything he had lost and everything he had buried. Years earlier, Amon had been [music] known by a different name in places far from school corridors and cleaning supplies. He had served [music] as a combat rescue pilot, flying through dangerous missions during humanitarian operations, saving stranded soldiers [music] and civilians in disaster zones. His career ended abruptly after a classified operation left him injured and forced into [music] early retirement. The transition from decorated pilot to janitor had been brutal, stripping away not only his identity, but also the respect that once followed his uniform. He chose silence [music] about his past, focusing entirely on raising Meher and keeping their lives stable, believing that glory belonged to another version of himself that no longer existed. As the plane taxied across the sunlit runway, Meher pressed [music] her face against the window, her laughter light and pure. Meanwhile, high above the aircraft, a squadron of F-22 [music] Raptors conducted routine aerial exercises in the same airspace. The control tower monitored both operations carefully as the jets [music] executed coordinated daytime formations. Suddenly, a minor communication interference disrupted [music] the commercial aircraft's signal relay, causing a brief but concerning navigation glitch. The cockpit crew scrambled to stabilize the connection while ground control attempted to reroute communications through emergency backup channels. Amon noticed the subtle shift in the cabin crew's posture, the slight tension in their movements, and the flicker of concern passing through [music] their trained composure. Years of flight training stirred instinctively within him. Without drawing attention, he activated the emergency communication panel located discreetly near his seat row, something only individuals with advanced aviation clearance would [music] recognize. He transmitted a short identification code he had not used in nearly a decade, followed by a tactical navigation adjustment [music] that could stabilize relay interference in crowded airspace. He did not seek recognition. He simply acted on muscle memory shaped by years of protecting lives. High above, the F-22 [music] command unit intercepted the signal and froze momentarily as the call sign flashed across their encrypted system. The name carried historical weight, associated with multiple high-risk rescue operations [music] that had saved entire ground units during catastrophic missions. The squadron leader immediately recognized [music] the identifier and directed his formation into a ceremonial escort pattern [music] around the commercial aircraft, maintaining safe operational distance while signaling deep military respect. Passengers began noticing the sleek fighter jets gliding [music] beside the plane under the brilliant midday sky, their metallic wings reflecting sunlight like silent guardians. [music] Flight attendants exchanged astonished looks as cockpit confirmation spread quietly among the crew. Amon remained seated, gently adjusting Meher's [music] headphones as she marveled at the jets dancing outside her window, unaware that her father was the reason for their presence. For the first time in years, his shoulders [music] relaxed slightly, not because others were noticing him, but because he had once again fulfilled the purpose that defined his soul. As the aircraft safely stabilized and continued its journey through clear blue daylight, a quiet understanding spread among the flight crew, who treated Amon with subtle but unmistakable respect [music] for the remainder of the flight. Meher leaned against him, drifting into a peaceful [music] nap, her small hand wrapped around his worn sleeve, symbolizing everything he had fought to protect. The sunlight streaming through the window illuminated his tired face, revealing not defeat but quiet strength shaped by sacrifice, love, and resilience. Before we reach the ending, here is a special request. Comment "hidden heroes exist" if [music] you believe ordinary people often carry extraordinary stories. The plane eventually landed under a glowing afternoon sky, and as passengers exited, many unknowingly walked past a man whose courage had once shaped national operations, yet now found purpose in raising a child with dignity [music] and kindness. If this story touched your heart and reminded you to respect people beyond appearances, please like, share, and engage with LifeSpark Stories [music] so more hidden heroes can be remembered and honored.

- Airline Pilot: Top 10 Things I Should've Known: Kind: captions Language: en whether you're a student pilot flight instructor or brand new commercial pilot who's hoping to be an airline pilot one day there's some things that you just truly can't understand until you're loving the daily lifestyle and operating as an airline pilot now keep in mind I love my job but there are pros and cons like any career so in this video I want to tell you about 10 things that I wish I had known before becoming an airline pilot number one understanding how tough commuting can be now I used to commute both to Hawaii at one point and then also from Fargo North Dakota to here in Chicago and now I live in Chicago being an airline pilot living in base is a totally different job than commuting you have the ability to have much more free time to pick up ot to make more money now commuting does allow you to live almost anywhere in the country and sometimes all around the world but it takes days and days off of your schedule the schedules are really hard you don't always have the flexibility or a certainty that you're gonna make it on certain flights to be able to make it to work on time and it's it just adds a lot of stress to your life so commuting is really tough you can make it work plenty of plenty of people do but just keep in mind that the job is a totally different world once you have the ability to live in base number two is eating habits before I started working as an airline pilot I didn't really understand just how challenging it would be to manage a good diet on the road and when you're at home for a few days might have the opportunity to buy fresh fruits and vegetables but they'll expire oftentimes by the time you come back from your next trip so managing grocery shopping is a whole nother beast in and of itself and when you're here at the airport there's only one of those options if you don't have very much time sometimes between terms to run up and grab food so you try to pack food have some healthy snacks with you or even a few meals if you can and one of the lunchbox coolers that you can bring with you is one of your crew bags number three is an interesting one being social and naturally talkative is something that you'll be forced to learn as an airline pilot when you're stuck here inside a really small metal box for a few days in a row with one person you have to find ways of having conversation and relating to that other person and if you're not normally a socially outgoing person this job will teach you how to be one very quickly so you have to find ways of having commonality between the two of you finding conversations that will keep you going throughout the few days because the end you know for the three of us on this airplane we really do become a small family unit on this for a few days and you have to become friends with your crew number four is understanding a monthly schedule as a pilot I didn't really get it until I started working full-time as an airline pilot but your monthly bed and your monthly schedule suddenly changes your entire life into a series of dates and times that you'll be a work versus being off all of your life is planned around this in terms of what you're going to be doing on your off days what days you have work your entire life is based on a calendar and if you're not already using a calendar I promise you will be soon number five when you're working as a pilot your life your schedule your pay all of the contracts stipulations that form your job are extremely important to you and until you're working at an airline understanding these contractual requirements and stipulations that are going to affect every single day that you work and every single day you have off is extremely challenging every airline has different policies they have different ways of paying their employees just an hourly rate is not a full picture about how much you're going to make an airline so try to talk to your friends who work at different airlines start taking notes about the different contractual requirements that each company has and that will give you a really good picture for what to expect at an airline when you're applying number six is workout habits when you're working on the road all the time you're often working all day you might be exhausted by the time you get to the overnight and if it's a short over night finding a time to go work out in the hotel gym go on a run or find a gym nearby might be really hard I struggled with that at the beginning and I really had to find a way of making that a priority for me on overnights where it was feasible where I wasn't just at the minimum rest requirement for the overnight to actually go to the gym to try to stay in shape on the road the other half of that is that when you're home you only have a few days off right so you have to manage your entire life you have to go grocery shopping catch up on errands and chores and have time to relax and see friends and in between all of that you stop to find time to go to the gym so it's a lot to manage that was a really hard part about starting number seven before I started I wish I had a better idea of the dip between trip efficiency and flight hours between smaller regional jets and larger regional jets so here on the Embraer 145 many of our flights are less than an hour and a half long so for a four-day trip to meet a good threshold of flight time and block time and thus pay you oftentimes have to work many more flights throughout that four-day trip that's a lot more work than you might find on the 175 which has longer routes with less flights throughout the day that's a huge difference when you're talking about the actual amount of work that's going into your job versus just a basic amount of pay or a basic amount of flight hours number eight now something specific to the airlines and jet flying in general is that visual approaches are much more challenging than in slower aircraft in the general aviation world now keep in mind one of the easiest approaches that we have at the airline is flying an ILS sometimes even down the minimums because we have lateral and vertical guidance almost all the way to the runway people start to get into trouble when they mess up visual approaches when they're too fast especially at night or they overshoot finally managing your speed and configuration in de jet is much more difficult on a visual approach than in a smaller aircraft because you just have less time to get ready for landing now that's why we always follow an instrument approach all the way to the runway when we have one available as a backup to make that visual approach a little bit easier number nine the destination for an overnight isn't nearly as important as your attitude or the attitude of the crew that you're flying with in terms of whether or not people are willing to be adventurous to go out and explore a little bit and find group activities I've had some of my best overnights and places like Manhattan Kansas or Dubuque Iowa whereas my overnights where I've been alone and had nothing to do in New York City have been not nearly as fun so try not to focus on whether or not the destination is exotic but whether or not you and your crew is willing to try to find something fun to do as a group number 10 the last thing that I wish I would have known before becoming an area pilot is that when you're a student or CFI the idea of flying up to five legs a day for an airline might sound really exciting but once you do it over and over it is a job it is tiring work and you might feel exhausted by the end of the day especially when you've dealt with weather and maintenance issues and delays and cancelations it piles up and it is hard work now keep in mind it's all about your attitude choices so when you have those five leg days and you are tired it might not be the fun exciting job that we're hoping for but you're still flying an airplane you're still getting paid to be a pilot and it's still a really cool job so trying to keep that attitude positive is one of the things that I wish I would have been better prepared for before starting in an airline that's it those are 10 things that I wish I had known before starting as an airline pilot and I hope it helps you manage your expectations better before you start on your first day at an airline there are plenty of times during this job where you'll be tired because it rarely starts late end times and plenty of days spent away from home but this job is all about having the right attitude choice and that's really the only way that you can make this career the best decision ever

  Top Comments:
  1. @SwayneMartinPilot [1100 likes]: Pilots have a tough job... Being on the road and missing lots of time with friends and family is my least favorite part. That said, I love aviation and I love flying. What else do you want to learn about becoming an airline pilot? Leave me a comment with an idea!
  2. @flyguy437 [1 likes]: As a retired airline captain, I can add that only when you are actually captain do you understand the weight of responsibility.  When sh@t hits the fan, no one but you can fix the problem...(or people get hurt.) Also, and strangely, this fellow misses it, there will be a few times in a 30 year career that you will be truly scared (but not show it) example severe turbulence, engine failures etc. You will be familiar with the concept of courage like no other job.
  3. @shanec.7105: Still FO?
  4. @KamoheloMokoena-c9y2w: Thank you for that I have started to finding about pilots
  5. @theunlimitedsheepshow: My parents are divorced and I figure it will be helpful as a future airline pilot because eating schedules and any schedule is nonexistent. I’m used to it.
  6. @The_Adventure_Sisters: I  want to become a pilot and a YouTuber ( making videos about being a pilot + adventures) this was such a helpful video and I just want to say thank you!!!!! 🩵
  7. @stevefowler2112: How could you have not known commuting would be a magnitude of order more difficult than living near your base? You're just making stuff up dude.
  8. @josephsharp9939: Shocked to see Hector International in Fargo! ND represent!
  9. @CarsonMcnabb: I think traveling around the world having a great career like an airline pilot good paying job all those factors coming in. I’ll be in the greatest mood and socially outgoing and would always wanna work hard for my teammates and be there for them. I know it sounds cheesy, but that’s just how I am passionate worker and most of all I’m able to keep that door closed so I don’t have to talk to the customers or be a public worker in the public eye 😊
  10. @mraviator7935: In few words, develop a good attitude and adapt to every enviroment without forgeting your own life
That was a good video my captain, good flights!
  11. @johnledford134: So what happens if you’re commuting and you don’t make it in time?
  12. @stevefowler2112: Great video...I especially enjoyed hearing about the difficulty of a visual approach in a jet vs 172. I'm a recently retired Aerospace Engineer who washed out of military flight school in the 70's due to less than .20-20 uncorrected vision and whose son (B.S. Mechanical Engineering) just got accepted to American Airlines Cadet Academy and just passed his PPL written and has been on two training flights. I think Dad is even more excited than the boy, haha.
  13. @JupiterMan12.000: Flying an Airplane is a Challenge

Not something you should underestimate.
  14. @scpjackal1915: I thought this was Elon musk for a second
  15. @rheijm9201: Have to go to gadget store and buy me storm and hurricane forecast. A kia dynamic line has all warning systems standard - for 14396€
  16. @ريبكاا: That's  true 👍 💯  and never give up thank youuuuuu.and good  🌃
  17. @Azanmalek-l9g: ❤ allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad ❤
  18. @BobbyMills-n9l: You are awesome. Thank you for the great video
  19. @jonathantitus2629: Thanks for sharing these insightful tips--our son is currently a CFI working on his hours to move to an airline and we are learning along with him.
Blessings!
  20. @nbajeongboy: this a real spill
thanks for the good video!

- Viral Story of Aeroflot Flight 821( aws) in Life Amazing Stories: Kind: captions Language: en

- Skies Open Again | Emotional Story of America’s Airports Reopening: Kind: captions Language: en The morning sun spilled across the massive windows of Sky Harbor International Airport. But inside it felt like the world was on hold. Passengers paced nervously, checking departure boards that flashed the same dreaded words. Delayed and on hold. 4 weeks, a nationwide flight restriction had squeezed the country's busiest airports, filling terminals with stranded families, exhausted workers, and travelers just longing to get home. Among them was 14-year-old Lena Ramirez, clutching the handle of her suitcase. She stared at the blinking board as if her gaze alone could force it to change. Her dad, Captain Miguel Ramirez, an airline pilot, grounded just like everyone else, put a reassuring hand on her shoulder. Any minute now, Keo, he said, his voice steady. The FAAS meeting today. If all goes well, we're clear. Lena let out a long breath. I just want to get to Grandma's for Thanksgiving. And you, I want to see you back in the sky. She looked around the terminal. Tension was a low hum in the air. Parents were trying to soothe fussy toddlers. Business travelers were murmuring into their phones with furrowed brows. and airport staff were doing their best to keep spirits up, offering water and strange smiles. Then a voice crackled over the speakers. Attention passengers, we will provide an update on national flight operations shortly. A sudden silence fell over the crowded terminal. Everyone froze. Even the constant hum of rolling luggage seemed to pause. Lena's heart started to thump against her ribs. Captain Ramirez glanced up at the ceiling as if he could somehow see the airspace itself, waiting for a sign, and then something shifted. The terminal lights brightened, just subtly, but enough to signal movement behind the scenes. Phones began buzzing in unison across the hall. Airport staff started whispering to each other, their faces breaking into smiles. Suddenly, the airport's big screens flickered. They refreshed faster than anyone had seen in weeks. The words on hold vanished line by line, replaced with boarding soon and on time. A murmur started to spread through the crowd. It began as a whisper, then grew into a wave of excited chatter, and finally it swelled into a cheer that echoed through the entire building. A final clear announcement boomed from the overhead speakers. The FAA has officially lifted all flight restrictions at major US airports. Operations are now resuming nationwide. The terminal erupted. Strangers were hugging, clapping each other on the back, some even wiping away tears of pure relief. Lena spun around to face her dad, air eyes wide. Dad, you're flying again. We're actually going. Captain Ramirez's serious expression melted away. He opened his arms and pulled her into a tight, grounding hug. Told you," he whispered into her hair. The skies don't stay closed forever. Moments later, the entire airport sprang into action. Airline crews who had been waiting on standby for weeks sprinted toward their posts. The dormant computer systems word back to life, and the gate doors began to open one by one. Lena and her dad hurried toward gate 27, swept up in the joyful, urgent rush of travelers racing to finally reclaim their journeys. The jet bridge door swung open with a metallic sigh. It was a sound they'd all been waiting for. A sound that signaled something much bigger than just a single departure. It was a sound of hope lifting off again as they stepped onto the aircraft. Lena gazed down the aisle. She imagined people just like them all across America boarding their own long-awaited flights. At this very same moment, her dad took off his casual baseball cap and replaced it with his captain's hat, settling it firmly on his head. It was back where it belonged. He gave her a quick wink before turning to head toward the cockpit. "Ready for clear skies, Skittle?" he called back to her. Lena found her seat and buckled in, her heart fluttering with an excitement she hadn't felt in weeks. For the first time, the roar of vengeance starting up outside wasn't just noise. It was a promise. The vibration ran through the cabin, a powerful, steady hum. The plane pushed back from the gate, its wheels rolling toward the runway with a renewed sense of purpose. And as the aircraft lifted gently into the air, Lena pressed her face to the window. She looked out at the bright November sky, a sky that was finally open again, wide and welcoming, ready to take them all home. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed this story, remember to like and subscribe for

- Can Pilots Have Families? Family Life of a Pilot Explained: Kind: captions Language: en-CA In this video, we will dive deeper into the question of whether pilots can have families. As someone who has worked in the aviation industry for 20 years, I can confidently say that the answer is yes, but it does come with many challenges. Welcome back to Aviator Inspirations, my name is Yaro and I help take the mystery out of the aviation industry. I make these free video's to help future aviators save time and money, so consider subscribing. Pilots are just like anyone else when it comes to relationships and family life. We can fall in love, get married, and start a family, just like any other person. However, our demanding careers make it challenging to balance work and family life. So in this video I hope to give you an insight into what it takes to raise a family as an airline pilot. Let's start with the pros. First and foremost, being a pilot is a unique and rewarding career, especially for those not suited for office life, and over time can be a financially rewarding career. With experience pilots can earn a great salary, receive benefits such as health insurance, retirement plans, and travel benefits. These travel benefit allow you and your family to visit new places, experience different cultures, and meet new people. With the massive current pilot shortage, companies are finally increasing pilot wages all over the world. Just recently in the USA the most senior long haul captains are getting paid upwards of $600,000 per year, while in Canada its about half of that. Still though, a pilot can expect to hit 6 figures after 5-10 years into their career, and that can give your family a solid financial base. If you live in Alberta, you even have the option of your spouse staying home and raising the kids or having more than 2 kids, if you want to have a big family. However living in the 2 major cities in Canada, Toronto and Vancouver, in my opinion it is very hard to have more than 2 kids and you and your spouse will both have to work to afford your lifestyle. This leads us to the major con of being a pilot on their families, and that is the significant amount of time we spend away from home. Pilots are usually gone anywhere from 2-5 days at a time before returning home, meaning your spouse is a single parent during that whole time. This can be especially difficult for families with young children, as we will miss important milestones and events. It is also be challenging for us as the pilot, as we may feel isolated or disconnected from our family during extended periods of absence. When my daughter was born, I was commuting from Vancouver to Toronto, spending 5 days away from home at a time, and every time I came home she would be a whole new person. Kids change so quickly, that you miss out on a lot of special once in a lifetime moments. But that's why we have facetime, and my wife would send me daily photos and videos. This is also the reason why I switched airlines in 2022 and joined a low cost airline, because we don't spend time way from base, we return home every single night. So this is another consideration when picking your career path, and whether the airlines is where you want to be, or if you would be happier staying at a smaller company. In addition to time away from home, pilots experience irregular schedules and long working hours. This can make it challenging to plan and coordinate family activities, because we never know exactly when we will be home. It's not like an office job, where we can clock out at 5pm and go home. If they flight is delayed, or we have a diversion, we could be hours delayed, or even be stuck in another city. Pilots are usually working holidays, weekends, and Christmas, very similar to the staff in the hospitality industry like restaurants. During peak travel seasons, pilots are very busy to get everyone to their destinations. So we as a family go on vacation on the off season, or celebrate events around my schedule. It's not ideal, but its being together and celebrating something as a family that really matters. So your family has to be flexible when it comes to that. The nature of the job can also create a level of stress and anxiety for pilots and their families. Pilots are responsible for the safety of their passengers and crew, and they must be able to handle emergencies and unexpected situations calmly and effectively. This can be a source of stress and anxiety, both for the pilot and their family members who may worry about their safety. We as pilots must also be well rested, so if you have young kids running around, that is something you have to figure out, so you can get the rest you need. Or if you are flying a red eye, you need to sleep in or have a nap during the day, so you again aren't able to help with the kids as you are adjusting your body to different sleeping schedules. This makes it difficult to be a 50/50 parent all the time, as we can't get up middle of the night with the baby in order to be fully rested for our flight. Of course on our days off, we can 100% be with the kids, to give your partner a break. So it's a different style of work like balance, and less structured than a traditional 9-5 job. Let's now shift our focus to the challenges that female pilots may face in raising a family. The aviation industry has historically been male-dominated, and while progress has been made to increase gender diversity, women still make up a relatively small percentage of pilots. This can create unique challenges for female pilots who want to have a family. One of the biggest challenges that female pilots face is flying while going through all the changes in their body throughout their pregnancy. Morning sickness, being on the road, extra radiation exposure, are all challenges male colleagues don't experience. Pregnancy and maternity leave can also be challenging for female pilots. Unlike many other professions, pilots must meet strict medical requirements to maintain their certification, which can make it difficult for pregnant pilots to continue working during certain stages of their pregnancy. This can result in extended periods of time away from work, which can impact their financial stability. In the US for example, most maternity leave is only 3 months, while here in Canada women can take up to 18 months paid leave! Also not all airlines have good maternity policies for female pilots, so it's important to figure these details about before starting a family. Returning to work after maternity leave can also be challenging for female pilots. Not only in terms of being separated from your baby, and figuring out how to breastfeed or pump milk, the aviation industry also requires pilots to maintain a high level of proficiency. Taking an extended break from flying can make it difficult to stay current and maintain their skills. This can make it challenging for female pilots to balance their desire to have a family with their career aspirations. In addition to these challenges, female pilots may also face societal expectations and pressure to prioritize their family over their career. This can be especially true in cultures where traditional gender roles are still prevalent, and the idea of a woman pursuing a demanding career like aviation may be met with resistance or disapproval. However, despite these challenges, there are many female pilots who have successfully balanced their careers and families. Many airlines now offer family-friendly policies and benefits, such as flexible schedules, extended maternity leave, and on-site childcare, which can make it easier for female pilots to balance their work and family responsibilities. In conclusion, while pilots can certainly have families, the demands of the job can create unique challenges for both male and female pilots. My recommendation is figuring out your support system before starting a family. We are lucky to be able to utilize our grandparents to take care of the kids while me and my wife are at work. This not only helps us save on daycare costs, which is about $1000 per kid, but it also benefits the children in having family members raise them instead of strangers. If you aren't as fortunate, I recommend moving to a cheaper province so you can keep your household income as low as possible, while you build seniority and wait for your pay to increase. Kids aren't cheap, but Canada does provide some help, like child support. We also keep our costs low by buying 2nd hand toys and clothes on Facebook marketplace or mom groups. At the end of the day, there is no right time to have kids, so plan as best as you can with your spouse, otherwise enjoy the most challenging yet rewarding part of your life. If this video was helpful, smash that like button. If you have any other aviation related questions, leave them down below. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you in the next episode!

  Top Comments:
  1. @habk8574 [12 likes]: Some can,  some can't and some won't
  2. @ankurtoye9831 [10 likes]: Hi, My partner is going to become a pilot soon and I would like to know how much time she’ll be away once she finishes her training and eventually when she moves to a bigger company and flies internationally. 
We both live in Canada and I want to figure out what needs to be done. Your help will be very productive!
  3. @jackallred6433 [8 likes]: Got my answer. Don’t be an airline pilot if you want to be a family person lol
  4. @chow8669 [7 likes]: Airline female pilot here. This video is very informative. 
Also read through airline policies surrounding pregnancy, maternity/paternity leave, etc to have an idea of the work life and family balance. It can be done. 

Also, upskill and look around where else you can contribute to the airline, weather it be as a course instructor or other ground role so you can still work while pregnant when you can't fly pregnant anymore, or when you're postum and have used up maternity leave, to have "regular" work hours (8-4, 9-5) especially after you have a new baby whom you need to go home to.
Thanks for the video
  5. @MrRandomsta [5 likes]: Awesome insight and a well-explained video! Please could you make an episode on the route for new pilots with 200 hours to find their first flying job
  6. @Lalaiatic_2 [3 likes]: Can you pls give information about the Turkish airline’s policy
  7. @caroflines8298 [3 likes]: love this channel, always my go-to on all my aviation related questions
  8. @jddonmoyer2489 [3 likes]: Great video!
  9. @safwanalam6329 [3 likes]: Could you please make a video about pilot shortage in Canada?
  10. @JesusFollower43 [2 likes]: Jesus loves you all
  11. @justmeajah [2 likes]: Wow. As someone currently talking to a pilot I really needed this! Thank you!
  12. @ShadowRap-y5l [1 likes]: Would like to ask how hard are the ATPL papers in Canada?

- Parents Are Getting This Wrong on Charter Flights: Kind: captions Language: en Are you flying by Zarter for your holiday? Great. First, learn three tips that will save you legs, nerves, and children's tears. Watch until the end because the last piece of advice is priceless. The first rule of the Zarter Master is be the first in line for check-in. Most passengers are couples. Are you traveling with a child or children? Seats on a narrowbody airplane with a 3 +3 seating arrangement quickly disappear. So, you'll be split up after the plane if you do not apply this rule. The most popular Zarter airlines offer 32 or 33 rows, which means that if you're not among the first 66 families to check in, there's a good chance you won't be sitting together. Additional bonus. Once you get rid of the suitcases, the children will be grateful to you because you can give them your full attention and not run between them and the luggage. Security services will also be happy that they won't have to trigger an alarm related to abandoned stray luggage. Are you starting from small regional airport? Relax. Go through the security check casually or even go for a coffee. There's no point in standing on several hundred square meters with multiple flights at once. But if you are on roads in Heracleion or Horror of Horrors in Antalya, after checking in your luggage, run to the security control. Judge the risk and the number of passengers yourself by analyzing the departure board. Seriously, the security check cues, especially in Antalya, are like those at a bar with free UZO. You might miss the boarding even if you're 2 hours before the departure. Third advice, don't be a sheep. Boarding call. Everyone's rushing to the queue. Not you. You already have a seat assigned on the plane. The carry-on luggage will fit under the seat. The queue won't change anything except for swollen legs. Relax in the area. Approach only when they start calling the last call for your flight. Your feet will thank you for it. Stay until the end and experience your zarder with dignity. And if you don't observe, you won't find out how to mark your luggage so that you can easily find it in a pile of similar suitcases on the conveyor belt or to prevent it from getting lost or damaged. Give a thumbs up, leave a comment on how the tips worked, and of course, subscribe. Share this video with your friends who are flying with you on holiday. Let everyone know how not to die in

  Top Comments:
  1. @patrick.olszewskii [3 likes]: "Great list, good to know – will definitely come in handy in the future! 👌"
  2. @Camilabor [1 likes]: Good tips to remember and use

- How to BOOK CHEAP FLIGHTS (Tricks that ACTUALLY work): Kind: captions Language: en I've saved well over $10,000 on flights over the past several years of travel and I know we've covered the best websites to find cheap flights before on this channel which I'll link to below but today I want to share some extra outside of the box tips that you can use to book cheap flights on your next trip whether you barely ever book flights or you've booked 100 I guarantee you'll learn a new strategy or two by the end of this video tip one is to take advantage of positioning flights a positioning flight is basically adding an extra flight to your itinerary just to save some money there are several different ways that this can save you money first if flights are too expensive to your target destination you can search for cheaper flights that will get you as close as possible then you just tack on an extra budget flight to the end here's a quick example that I just found on the Fly let's say you live in Detroit and you want to go vacation in Malta prices for your dates in October are $1,021 but if you look in Google flights explore feat you can see that you can travel to Vienna for just $677 I then popped over to ryion Aire and saw that flights from Vienna to Malta are just 20 to 30 lbs per Direction so if you wanted you could stop in Vienna for a couple days get to explore a whole new destination and still save around $300 on flights this also works on the other end of the flight if you don't live near a major airline Hub you can take a cheap budget flight from your home to a major airline hub to save money on your main flight lastly you can sometimes apply this same principle if you're buying flights with points or miles some Airlines price their award flights based on distance ranges you may be able to pay less points for your flight if you're willing to take an extra positioning flight that decreases the distance of your main flight by decreasing that distance you may be bumped down to a cheaper award range now if you want to squeeze every last ounce of value from your points and make them stretch as long as humanly possible then this can help you especially if you do it often but if you don't care quite that much then the savings you get may not be worth the hassle next up is less of a tip and more of a myth busted and it may be a little bit controversial now let me tell you I've used incognito mode for years when searching for cheap flights many people swear by the strategy and they claim that if you don't use incognito mode then the airlines will track you with cookies and see that you're searching for flights and then increase the prices that said recently I stopped using incognito mode to search for flights for one Incognito windows are just a little bit annoying to use but more importantly I learned from going that this is a myth over at going they're literally searching for thousands of flights per day and their entire business model rest on being able to find crazy cheap flights and yet they do not use incognito mode since they have way more data to work with than I do I think they know what they're talking about what do you guys think about incognito mode let everyone know Below in the comments by the way if you want cheap flight deals from your home airport sent straight to your inbox I'll link to Going's free plan and a free trial of their Premium plan Down Below in the description the next tip is to take advantage of Airline rules and laws there are a couple rules that every traveler should know the first is the 24hour rule this rule states that you can either freeze a price for 24 hours or you can cancel within 24 hours for free and get a refund most airlines offer the second option the requirements for this rule is that the flight needs to be either to or from the US booked directly with the airline website and the US version of the website and booked more than 7 days before the flight so if you meet these requirements and see a killer deal or see a mistake fair or something just book it right away without even thinking then you have 24 hours to figure out if it actually works for you or not if you wait to figure everything out before you book you may miss out on the price the next rules to know are the cancellation rules and the rescheduling rules most people dread the thought of a cancelled or rescheduled flight but if you have enough advanced notice it can actually be a blessing in disguise if an airline cancels or significantly modifies your itinerary they either have to book you on a new flight or refund you with cash the benefit for you is that you can choose which flight you want to be rebooked on so for example if you originally booked a red eyee flight in the middle of the night that kind of sucked just because you wanted the cheapest prices now you can change the time of your flight and choose one that's earlier in the day or that has less layers and so now you get the benefit another important note is let's say you book a non-refundable ticket and it turns out you want to cancel this ticket instead of calling up the airline and getting screwed because you have a non-refundable ticket you you can just wait it out and see if the airline ends up changing the itinerary or canceling it themselves and then you get your cash refund note that Airline regulations vary by country and these are regulations in the US but if you're traveling to or from Europe you may have even more benefits and perks which I explain in this video give me a like if you've learned something from this video so far and the next tip is to use the Goldilocks window this is actually another tip I learned from going and it turns out that there's no perfect day or date to buy cheap flights but there is what going calls a goldilock window where you're more likely to find better deals this is 1 to 3 months before a domestic flight or 2 to 8 months before an international flight and if you're planning to travel during Peak Seasons like summer or December you can tack on an extra couple months on top of that now this isn't a guarantee that if you buy flights during this window that you'll get the best prices possible it's just that during this window your chances of finding a deal are higher the further you pass those windows the higher the chances that you'll overpay if you wait until the last second keep in mind that prices usually jump at the 21-day Mark the 14-day Mark and the 7day mark before the flight so make sure to time your purchases before the next hike before we get into the last couple tips I made a handy cheap travel hacks cheat sheet with all my best ways to save money traveling you can grab that in the description below for free next up is to make sure that you pay for your flights with a credit card that offers travel insurance this may not save you money on the price of the ticket but it could save you tons of money if something ends up going wrong during your trip that could include things like trip cancellations delays and lost luggage for example one time one of our flights was delayed which caused us to miss a connection and made us have to stay overnight in a destination in this case the airline wouldn't cover the cost of accommodation and so we had to find accommodation for ourselves luckily we had friends in the city but if we hadn't this could have cost us well over $100 or $200 by paying for the flight with a credit card that offers insurance for delays and overnight stays this would have been covered I'll link to my goto travel credit card below that offers some awesome extra travel perks but if you're looking for a free card that offers travel protection I'll link to one of those as well speaking of travel insurance if you're worried about getting injured or sick on the road check out my video on travel insurance tips that every traveler needs to know so this next tip is a bit Advanced and really only makes sense if you're a frequent traveler under specific circumstances that said even if you're not a frequent traveler now it's a good tidbit to tuck away plus it's just kind of interesting so it turns out roundtrip tickets that originate outside of the US are often way cheaper than roundtrip tickets between the same destinations that originate inside the US well at least with European destinations for example I just did a quick search for round trip flights between Detroit and London on random dates if you start in Detroit the price is $884 but if you start in London the price is only $678 for the same dates that's over a difference of 200 bucks which really is nothing to sneeze at especially if you're able to do this multiple times per year after this I continued searching for flights between the Detroit and about 20 other European cities and every single time it was the same it was cheaper starting from the European side with other parts of the world my results were a little less consistent anyway if you travel a ton between the US and Europe you can take advantage of this if you're in the US now you'd basically have to take one one-way flight over to Europe to set the plan in motion from there you would just keep buying roundtrip tickets that depart for the US and return to Europe it's kind of a mind twister isn't it now this obviously isn't for everyone but I thought it was too interesting not to share to make it work you'd either have to know ahead of time when you need to take the return leg that leaves the us or buy a ticket that allows you to change the date of the return leg if necessary or just have the flexibility to be able to organize your life around whichever return date that you choose these six tips just scratch the surface on how to find cheap flights for more step-by-step tutorials check out this cheap TR travel playlist next and don't forget to follow project untethered on Tik Tok and Instagram for more bite-sized travel hacks see you guys byebye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProjectUntethered [56 likes]: What are your best tricks for finding the cheapest flights? Share with everyone else in the comments! 🤑

Also, hit the SUBSCRIBE button to get all the new travel hacks I discover to travel smarter for less 😎 See ya in the next one!
  2. @Michellevanderbung: "See Vienna for a few days". And what about the cost of airbnb??    Dumb
  3. @emmahnsonjo-t3k: Hands down the best tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  4. @ouuuaburger2093: Man f rynair, we all know its cheap asf
  5. @EldaLargo: Really good content, keep it up.
  6. @Mdgsgiwhw: This was a great watch.
  7. @CuffXhsj: Thanks for simplifying this topic.
  8. @Aida-l8j: This was so well delivered.
  9. @TimothyRoss-k7r: I could watch this all day.
  10. @Loris-n2u: Good job on this video.
  11. @JisanKhan-m9x3w: This clarified a lot for me.
  12. @IjsojejIsjdbjdj: Very well thought out.
  13. @JohnLee-kl4tc: Going is probably hands down one of the Worst travel apps I've ever used. The App barely works, you have to pay a premium monthly subscription just to access the flights, and the customer service is terrible
  14. @animemage-f8f: This content is very useful.
  15. @CunnyMunny: I’m glad I found this video.
  16. @ABIRHASAN-v3y: This was so clear and simple.
  17. @FychrDfhcvb: This is a solid explanation.
  18. @IreneAtteberry: This was really helpful.
  19. @RosarioMestro: I appreciate the clarity of this video.
  20. @ronniejlesh: Very useful and well presented.

- Best Budget Travel Hacks for 2025–2026 ✈️ |Cheap Flights & Hotels Tricks | Travelpedia Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine sipping coffee in Paris with Eiffel Tower views all for the price of your morning Starbucks. Sounds impossible, right? Well, today on Traveledia Guide, I'll show you the genius budget hacks of 2025 to 2026 that airlines don't want you to know and hotels will never admit. Let's dive in. Hack one, fly undercover. Airlines track your searches and increase prices. Use incognito mode or a VPN to hide your identity. You'll often see tickets drop from $600 to almost half. Think of it as Harry Potter's invisibility cloak, but for your wallet. Hack two, the magic timing. Cheapest days, Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Cheapest hours, late night or early morning, 3:00 a.m. flights. You save enough to cover an entire boutique hotel night. Sleep on the plane, wake up in Rome, money saved, adventure started. Hack three, hidden city ticketing. Use sites like Skip Lagged. Book flights with stopovers and get off at your real destination. Example, book Miami via New York. Just get off in New York. Warning, carry hand luggage only or your bag might go to Miami without you. Hack four, hotel loyalty equals free gold. Join loyalty programs free to sign up. Collect points from flights, credit cards, and stays. Unlock free breakfasts, room upgrades, or even a full night stay in 2025 to 2026. This is a hidden treasure map for travelers. Hack five, the midnight booking secret. Hotels/prices between 12:00 a.m. and 3:00 a.m. local time. Unsold rooms equals pure loss for them. Booking late at night can save you up to 40%. Pro move. Call hotels directly and ask, "Can you beat your online price?" Most times they'll say yes. Hack six, host and capsule hotels upgrade. No longer cheap and dirty. 2026 trend equals rooftop bars, Netflix lounges, private pods. Stylish, fun, budget friendly, and Instagram worthy. You meet new friends plus save money. Hack seven, free stays with housesitting platforms like trusted housesitters equals stay free while caring for pets. Example, free Sydney stay plus a cat named Mr. Whiskers as your roommate. Adventure plus saving money in one hack. Hack eight, mistake fair's jackpot. Airlines sometimes publish wrong prices, $59 instead of $590. Sites like Secret Flying and Going, Scots Cheap Flights. Catch these deals. Grab them fast before they disappear. It's basically winning the travel lottery without buying a ticket. So, there you have it. From sneaky flight tricks to midnight hotel steals and even free stays with furry friends, budget travel in 2025 to 2026 is smarter, cheaper, and crazier than ever. This is Traveledia Guide, bringing you hacks airlines hate and travelers love. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe because your dream trip is just one hack away. See you in the next video. Till then, keep exploring.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NishantMalhotra-c6c [1 likes]: Incredible tips, The midnight booking secret and housesitting hacks are total game-changers for planning a budget-friendly 2026 trip. ✈🌍

- How to Travel Cheap as a Family: Save on Flights and Accommodations!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everyone how are you doing you need to hear this if you love traveling with your family traveling with the whole gang is awesome right it's a unique opportunity to connect and have fun we create memories that last a lifetime discover new places share good laughs every moment is special but let's be honest traveling with the whole family can be a real shock to your wallet the costs can be high but hold on you don't have to give up on the dream of taking everyone on a trip there are solutions with a few Smart Tips you can save money and take that Unforgettable trip it's easier than it looks the secret is to plan everything right every detail counts and that's what we're going to see today how to plan your family trip without breaking the bank let's go let's do this together first golden tip pay close attention when buying plain tickets prices can vary greatly depending on the day and time you know the saying time is money well when it comes to traveling it's worth gold too planning ahead can make a big difference avoid traveling during peak season prices are higher and airports are packed School vacations holidays everyone wanting to travel together price is Skyrocket and the experience can be more stressful if you can travel during less popular months tourist spots are quier and prices are lower and don't forget buying in advance can save you from a tight budget the sooner the better start researching and comparing prices well in advance use comparison apps and websites to find the best deals when looking for flights make the most of price comparison websites they are essential tools for any traveler looking to save money there are several available such as Google flights Skys scanner and kayak each one offers different features and filters to help you find the best price these websites are true Travelers guardian angels they not only compare prices but also show options for times and Airlines they compare prices from multiple Airlines at once saving you time and money this way you can find the most affordable option quickly plus you can set up price alerts to be notified when there's a drop oh and don't forget to clear your browser's cookies or use incognito mode this can prevent prices from going up due to your repeated searches sometimes websites increase prices when you search for the same flight multiple times times so stay tuned and use these tips to secure the best deals who says you have to stay in a hotel there are more affordable and equally comfortable options like Airbnb on Airbnb you can find anything from rooms in family homes to entire apartments for rent it's a great option for those traveling in groups or with children and if you prefer the structure of a hotel look for hotels that offer breakfast included in the price of the stay that way you save on one meal a day did you know that using loyalty programs can help you save on your trip that's right sign up for airline loyalty programs and earn miles with every flight over time you can redeem these miles for free or discounted flights plus many credit cards offer rewards programs that can be redeemed for airline miles hotel stays and other benefits traveling as a family without spending a lot is totally possible remember the secret is in the planning research in advance compare prices be flexible with dates and take advantage of loyalty programs and most importantly have lots of fun with your family after all the best part of traveling is creating Unforgettable memories with the ones we love want more details on saving on trips check out the ultimate Family Travel Guide

- How to Find Cheap Flights for Family Visits | Budget Travel Hacks: Kind: captions Language: en Flights are expensive. We all know that. But visiting family overseas shouldn't feel like a luxury purchase. I'm going to show you a few things that save you real money on your next trip. Most of them take less than 5 minutes to do, and one of them might help you spend less, even without changing your travel dates. Let's get into it. Tip number one, time it right. If you know you're going, don't wait. Booking 1 to 3 months in advance is often the sweet spot for international travel and midweek flights usually cheaper. Tuesday and Wednesdays tend to have lower demand which can lead to better pricing. It's not a guarantee, but that one adjustment has shown up again and again in flight data. Number two, set fair alerts. Don't waste time checking prices every day. Tools like Google Flights, Hopper, and Sky Scanner let you set alerts for your route. When fairs drop, you'll get a notification so you can book when it makes sense for your budget. Number three, doublech checkck currency at checkout. Some booking sites will change the currency at the last second, quietly converting it and applying less than ideal exchange rates. It might only be a few dollars here and there, but over time that adds up. Always review the total before you hit confirm. and make sure you're being charged in your preferred currency if the option is there. Number four, save where it counts. A cheaper flight isn't just about saving money. It's about what that savings lets you do. Whether that's staying longer, bringing gifts, or just feeling less pressure while you're visiting loved ones, it all adds up. None of this is complicated, but knowing these small things ahead of time can make your trip smoother and less expensive. So, be intentional. Use the tools, check the currency, plan smart, and give yourself more freedom to enjoy the reason you're traveling in the first place. Helpful links are in the description if you want to start tracking prices today. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @saenphanhLuaangrath: Flight to USA
  2. @harsheet-chawariao: Just what I needed.
  3. @jerytomas: Such an interesting topic.
  4. @EdwardSmith-o2w: This is gold.

- How to Book Cheap Flights Online in 2026 (5 tricks that ACTUALLY work!): Kind: captions Language: en today's video uncovers secret hacks to outs Smite the Airlines and find the best price on your next flight the first hack for finding the best flight deals would be to look for code share flights and then book with the airline that is offering you the lowest ticket price Airlines often share the same flight under code share agreements where one Airline operates the flight but both will be selling the tickets you can sometimes find cheaper tickets when you book through the piter airline website rather than the operating Airlines website for example when using Google flights you can identify a code share of Flight by noticing if there is more than one Airline listed I found a flight listed as operated by United Airlines but is actually being flown by Air Canada as part of their partnership although the main link on Google flights is directing me to the United website where the flight is going to cost $262 I scrolled down to find the direct link to book with the partner airline in this case Air Canada a quick check on Air Canada's website showed me that the exact same flight is only $196 both tickets are identical in basic economy on the exact same plane but by booking on Air Canada's website instead of booking on United Airlines website I was able to save over $65 this example highlights why it's crucial to compare flight prices on both Airline websites for COD share flights which tend to be especially common on International routes when booking flights whether International or domestic always book on the website of an airline selling the flight rather than through a third-party site like booking.com or Expedia a flight from Newark to Venice can be found on Google flights for as low as $471 Google flights links you to British Airways website where you can book this ticket to Venice for $552 and also gives you the option to go to American Airlines website to book the same ticket for $480 it's a great idea to save money by booking with American Airlines but it would be a bad idea to try to get the lowest price by booking with kiwi.com while these thirdparty websites like kiwi.com might offer prices that are lower than the airlines website the risk is going to outweigh the savings if there's a flight disruption such as a cancellation or a delay you will need to contact the website that you booked with for support and the Airline customer service might not be able to help you with things like getting rebooked let us know down in the comments where you will be traveling next and then also don't forget to hit that subscribe button to join us back here for more travel tips and hacks every week the next hack is changing your virtual location to find the same flight ticket at a better price when booking flights the prices can vary based on where the website thinks you are located I've partnered with nordvpn to show you how you can use their VPN to compare prices for the same flight from different locations to get the best deal I'm currently in Canada but with nordvpn I can change my virtual location and appear to be looking for a flight from the US let's say we're eyeing a flight from New York to Miami on January 15th 2025 when I book through united.com while connected to a US server with nordvpn it shows me prices as if I'm searching for this flight from the United States now watch this I switched my location with nordvpn to bise and the currency is still in US dollar but you'll see that the prices change for the exact same flights here's what my dual monitor setup looks like on the left united.com thinks I'm in bise searching for that flight from Newark to Miami and on the right it thinks I'm searching for that exact same flight but doing it from the US you'll notice that the prices from Biz are up to 20% higher for the same flights at the same times so by simply changing your virtual location with a VPN you can explore different prices for the exact same flights and potentially save money on your bookings in a case like this I'll save money by buying this flight ticket on the browser that's connected to the US not bise you can get the best deal on nordvpn and try this hack out for yourself by checking the link down in the description or visiting nordvpn.com Megan in addition to changing your virtual location there are about a dozen other things that a VPN can do such as keeping your online activities private not bad for less than $3 a month one of the best strategies for securing cheap flights is to have the best deals delivered directly to you many services employ both human experts and automated systems to monitor flight prices around the clock and it would be silly to not take advantage of their efforts especially when notifications for top deals are free Jack's Flight Club going and fair drop are subscription-based services that help Travelers find exceptionally low flight ticket prices they send email alerts about cheap flight deals from your chosen depart airport these services offer free subscriptions which provide a limited number of deals as well as paid membership options that feature more frequent alerts as well as additional options like package deals including hotels with fair drop airfare Watchdog is another great service that employs a team that manually searches and verifies the best flight deals including special promotions and mistake fairs and for my fellow Canadians websites like YYZ deals will show you standout flight deals from Toronto you can also use y deals for flight offers from Montreal and there are about a dozen other Canadian cities that you can find deals from Jack cheap flights also has options to send you deals from airports in Europe the US and Canada tracking flights yourself on Google flights is another great way to get notified of flight price changes by email you can set up alerts for your specific travel route and dates so you can receive an alert for both price drops as well as price increases if it's smart to set a Google flight alert on a particular flight route that you're considering but haven't booked yet being notified of a price increase as soon as it happens can help nudge you to book your ticket before the fair climbs even higher I always kick off my flight searches on Google flights and the standout feature is the explore page it's a fantastic tool that makes searching for flights both easy and fun the real magic is seeing all the great deals that you can get from your home airport at a glance since you can set your departure airport and it's going to show all possible destinations with the corresponding ticket price you can keep the date range flexible with a one or two week trip anytime in the next 6 months or filter it by a specific month or even select specific dates that you know you will be available to travel you can also apply filters like non-stop flights only so you aren't looking at cheap prices for flights with multiple connections that you would never actually take there's also a filter for adding carry-on baggage so it's factored into the ticket price that you see up front this way you won't be fooled by a low price only to find out that adding a carry-on suitcase is going to cost you an additional $60 each way the fifth tip to find the best flight ticket price is knowing where to look Beyond just Google flights I love Google flights and I personally spend way too much time using their explore feature but there are other websites out there that are free to use and they do make finding flight deals even easier air wander finds stopover flights that let you explore a second City for little to no extra cost sometimes it's even cheaper than booking a Non-Stop direct flight skip lagged reveals Hidden City fairs where you can save a ton of money by booking a flight with a connection but then getting off in The Layover City and not taking the remaining flights in the booked itinerary kayak's hacker fairs combine one-way tickets from different airlines to lower the costs and if you're looking at trying to figure out the best time to book a ticket Hopper predicts when it's going to be the the cheapest price with 95% accuracy I also show you a website that is even more advanced than Google flights and is a travel agent secret weapon to finding the best deals I dive deep into all of these websites and a bunch of others while teaching you exactly how to use them effectively in another video I'll put it on the screen now and Link it in the description for you to watch next don't forget to hit that subscribe button to join us back here for more travel tips and hacks each week and I'll see you in that next video soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @PortableProfessional [9 likes]: HUGE DISCOUNT on NordVPN (under $3/month!) https://nordvpn.com/megan. It’s risk-free with Nord’s money-back guarantee!
  2. @naephil: Miami Florida
  3. @bettytompkins7997: Frankfurt, Germany from Kansas City, MO
  4. @BirdsBeesandOliveTrees: I tried the NordVPN and Absolutely no difference. Waste of money
  5. @LisajraineyMlj: Thanks for information.
  6. @RenèeL_Panhandle: Thank you!  This advice just saved me over $500! 🎉🎉🎉
  7. @danafoley1510: Price kansas city municipal airport to Dallas forth  economy flight.
  8. @5DogMa: Thank you so much!  I do usually 1 international flight a year but next year I'm going 2.  I just compared Sacramento to Cairo on Google and immediately saw a big price difference instead of going to United directly.  I'll check out the others you mentioned as well. Thanks again!
  9. @benitoholguin231: Im looking to book a roundtrip flight from texas to davao philippines, any tips or advice on where to find the best deal is appreciated. Ty
  10. @sunrise2day462: What does she do for a living?
  11. @amiehamlet8831: Rome
  12. @allisontrotman-edwards5426: How much would a ticket cost from Nigeria to London,to Barbados with Hotel accommodation in a hotel,something like a package
  13. @TransitCode: Well I suggest for everyone watching this to think twice before skipping your connecting flights.
You can get your frequent flyer account shut down if caught (no biggie tbh), or in worse cases your ticket is canceled mid-itinerary. 
If you are planning to use that Airline in the future, it's not a good idea, they do track passengers doing it (remember that they have your passport details, personal info. etc) so they might deny a plane ticket on your next booking...
  14. @nhuson-t1p: So much effort put in.
  15. @Boeing787dash10: I am flying to Buenos Aires in  November and have booked my flights about 7-8 months in advance as I was able to find some good deals.
  16. @catness-w6i: Revisit top performers with updated info to compound traffic.
  17. @DangthanhPhamminh: I can't wait for the next video.
  18. @cbookers: Excellent info provided. Finding cheap flights is always tricky, but the hacks you explained makes it easier for quick travelers.
  19. @amandadement6261: Sacramento to Colorado
  20. @marybrewer739: Learned the hard way NOT to book thru third party. Booked my flight, rental car and lodging thru third party pay deal. When I arrived I needed to change my rental car driver from me to my daughter……took over two hours and they couldn’t change at Budget, since I didn’t book directly with them! 

The second time was a vacation in New Mexico with my grandchildren. The motel room was a total disaster. The hotel staff was great and did their best, but no empty rooms to move into. They would have comped our entire room cost, but couldn’t because it was booked thru a third party. I wasn’t willing to give a terrible review to get my money back, because the hotel staff was so good and they tried their best to correct the problems. 

ALWAYS book separately and directly with your hotel, rental car and flights, NOT a package. If something goes wrong with one part you are stuck!

- Family has emotional reunion with helicopter pilot who rescued them from wildfires: Kind: captions Language: en finally tonight a family separated by the California wildfires has been reunited thanks to heroes from above here's John Blackstone Peppa Tamiya returned today to the home he and his family fled his seven-year-old son Jesse his wife Graciela and her parents both in their 70s escaped the flames separately it was ugly it was close it was really close Tamayo almost didn't make it knew you'd left your husband behind yeah he gathered a California Highway Patrol helicopter pilot was flying rescue missions through heavy smoke darkness and strong winds there was room in his helicopter for four when they found five members of timaeus family I thought these guys please thank my family he was holding Jesse up and we didn't want to leave his dad and I could hear him yelling no get in it'll be okay I was so crying and my son he was crying too and he was saying mom if that doesn't make her don't worry I'm gonna take care of you as the helicopter left him behind and with fire closing in Tamayo called his older daughter I call my daughter and my daughter mink I don't see you again remember I love you the rescuers made two more trips before they found Tamayo again much to the relief a flight officer Whitney Lowe grabbed him right right above his left chest on his shirt and said you're coming with me there were hugs all around when rescued and rescuers met again completing a story of bravery and a father's duty what else can they do I got a saved them for us John Blackstone CBS News Napa so many heroic acts by first responders in California this week

  Top Comments:
  1. @silverlve70 [1 likes]: So happy for the happy ending for this family.
  2. @kcender3771: My God.

- F-18 Pilot Homecoming (try not to cry!): Kind: captions Language: en hello can you hear me our first call to you I wish young [Music] today the chosen cold Swan ah all to you No my taillight my darling the talking name I can see goodbye good hello from this picture no matter how I change the lights I'd rather have you out here closer I'd rather have you in my mind no matter how I call this progress how I changed the lines I rather have you right here closer I'd rather have you in my mind this picture our change the light I'm gonna have you IQ closer [Applause] our oldest progress our change the lunch I rather have you right here closer

  Top Comments:
  1. @SuperOldandSlow [1 likes]: There is nothing more wonderful than coming home from a long deployment to your family.  I recall it when I served, and I’m sure the feeling hasn’t changed.  I could watch videos like this one all day.
  2. @michaelfisher6975 [1 likes]: My father was in VA-22 and VA-122 from late '62 to '72 and was stationed at NAS Lemoore. He was an AE1 and worked on the radios of the first A-7s the navy got. I recognized the air field when the bird was flying over it.
  3. @ajaktangang [1 likes]: Goid bless US protect them, bring them all back. Keep the families strong.
  4. @TraciFromBama [1 likes]: Thank you for your service. Both of my uncles served in Vietnam and in 1969 one came home with casts on both legs when his helicopter crashed. He survived but I know he left pieces of his soul there. When he passed in 2012 he received a military burial with full honors at Arlington. I wish every American could attend one of those. My son is a former navy nuke submariner and I’m so proud and thankful for all who have bravery served and sacrificed protecting our country and freedoms.
It broke my heart seeing this brave hero not being thanked and welcomed home. WE HAVE GOT TO DO BETTER!
I would love to know if there are groups or organizations dedicated to welcoming those without family or friends so they are honored with a proper welcome home and thank you for their service and sacrifice. Lord knows they’ve earned it. Please thank him for me and recommendations greatly appreciated if you know of ways we can help. Thank you and 
God Bless.
  5. @SteppingStone-m8k [1 likes]: THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE
  6. @nickvass2362 [1 likes]: Heroes fucking heroes thank you gentlemen for you service
  7. @suzannefoglesong3278 [1 likes]: AMERICA PROUD 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
  8. @Wendy-l4j8x: Absolutely stunning!!! God bless you and your beautiful family!!! Thank you for your service!!! ❤
  9. @BarbaraAlexander-l7y: Bawling like a baby!!! So cool!
  10. @levialston518: This is really a sad time for anyone who has done military service, my dad passed away right after I came home guess he just wanted to see me one time ( r.i.p  Wolf native American)
P
  11. @MacClancy: The america military personnel and there families im in total admiration off,god bless you one and all,from an extremely grateful brit, god bless Americans ❤❤❤❤❤
  12. @DeniseFritze-t9f: GREAT JOB. THANK- YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE ❤😊
  13. @MarieHibbert-q3j: It's so sad to lost the solders that risk there life's for their country  am not a American but my hart is so sore to lost them from South Africa 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
  14. @joandietrich5965: Thank you
  15. @horsedesigns: Beautiful.  Mixed feelings, too, because I imagine there is a hardship leaving their buddies that they worked with so intensely.
  16. @ItxWavey: going to the nas lemoore airshow this year!
  17. @TheSoulpapa: To all our past and present military personnel and all of their families, FOR OUR PROTECTED FREEDOM FROM YOUR HEROISM AND ALL THE GREAT FAMILIES AND ALL THE SACRIFICES YOU ALL HAVE GIVEN, I AND EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN CITIZEN,  WE HUMBLY SAY THANK YOU 🇺🇸❤️‍🔥🇺🇸❤️‍🔥🇺🇸❤️‍🔥🇺🇸❤️‍🔥🇺🇸❤️‍🔥🇺🇸✝️
  18. @Jeffrey-ic3hp: Thank you for letting us share your happy moment together. Glad to see you safe and sound back home with your loving family, thank you for your service. You are an American hero.
  19. @mknoname1086: God bless these heros   True Americans
  20. @anonymjet4436: Try not to cry? You lost me there. Instructions unclear

- A Pilot’s Finding Brings a Family’s Miracle...: Kind: captions Language: en The morning sky was a soft blue when the pilot walked across the runway, his bag swinging lightly at his side. He had flown hundreds of times before, maybe thousands. Yet, he still looked up at the clouds every morning before takeoff. It wasn't habit, it was love. The sky had always been his place of peace. He felt calm there, away from the noise of the world below. That day was supposed to be a simple flight, a domestic route only a few hours long. Nothing unusual. The passengers were boarding. The crew was checking the seats and luggage and everything looked routine. But sometimes even an ordinary day can lead to something no one expects. After the plane lifted into the air, the pilot leaned slightly forward in his seat, scanning the horizon. The early sunlight touched the clouds, painting them in gold and silver. It was the kind of sight that made him smile every time. He switched to autopilot for a moment and checked his flight plan again. Everything was smooth. The weather, however, was predicted to change later that afternoon. Light storms over the mountain region they'd be crossing. About an hour into the flight, the calm blue sky started to fade. Thin gray clouds gathered ahead, moving faster than expected. The pilot called air traffic control, confirming turbulence warnings. He adjusted altitude, steering the plane slightly south to avoid the heaviest clouds. The passengers felt only mild bumps, nothing serious. But outside the cockpit, wind brushed against the wings like invisible waves. The pilot's co-pilot cracked a light joke to ease the tension, and both laughed. Still, the pilot kept his eyes sharp. Flying through rough air never scared him, but he respected it. Nature was powerful, always in charge up here. After about 20 minutes, the turbulence softened. The clouds opened slightly, and rays of sunlight poured through like spotlights over the forested mountains below. It was beautiful and quiet, but as the pilot's eyes wandered downward, something unusual caught his attention. Far below, tucked in a deep green valley, a small flash of light blinked. It wasn't steady like sunlight reflecting off water. It was flickering, irregular. He squinted, focusing hard. There it was again, a sharp glint like a signal. The co-pilot noticed his silence and asked if everything was fine. I'm not sure, the pilot replied, leaning closer. Do you see that? The co-pilot adjusted his view and nodded slowly. Yeah, could be metal, maybe an old truck or roof. But the pilot wasn't convinced. The light blinked again, three short flashes, then a pause. It almost looked intentional, like someone trying to send a message. His chest tightened. He had seen many things from the sky, storms, animals, even boats drifting, but this felt different. He wanted to turn the plane for a closer look, but regulations were strict. They had passengers aboard and safety came first. So instead, he marked the coordinates quietly in his notebook and took one last glance before the mountains disappeared behind clouds. Hours later, when the plane landed safely, everything seemed normal. The passengers thanked the crew, dragging their suitcases out with tired smiles. But the pilot's mind stayed above those mountains. That flickering light, it wouldn't leave him alone. He walked to the flight office and reported his observation to a ground officer. "Probably nothing," he said, trying to sound casual. "But you might want to check this area. Looked like a signal from the ground." The officer nodded politely, wrote down the coordinates, and promised to pass it along, but the pilot knew from experience that sometimes these small notes got lost in paperwork. That night, he went home feeling unsettled. His family greeted him warmly. Dinner was ready, but his thoughts were still somewhere over those forests. He replayed the scene in his mind. The clouds, the sunlight, the blink of light that seemed to be asking for help. Maybe it was just scrap metal or a reflection from an old vehicle. Still, something deep inside told him it wasn't. He sat by the window after everyone went to bed, listening to the quiet hum of the city. Pilots often learn to trust their instruments more than their instincts. But tonight, his heart spoke louder. He picked up his notebook again, and stared at the numbers he had written, the coordinates. He opened his laptop, typed them into a map, and zoomed in. The area was remote, surrounded by thick trees and narrow roads. Barely any houses. It was the kind of place where you could disappear easily. He frowned. Why would there be flashing light in such an isolated spot? The more he thought about it, the more restless he became. The next morning, during his pre-flight coffee, he casually mentioned the sighting to a colleague, another pilot he trusted. His friend laughed lightly and said, probably a hunter's campfire or some reflection. Don't overthink it. The pilot smiled, but his thoughts stayed heavy. Days turned into weeks. Flights came and went. He saw many sunrises and sunsets from the cockpit, but none brought him peace. The image of that small glimmer still visited him every night. Then one morning while waiting in the lounge for his next flight, he picked up a newspaper lying on the table. The headline caught his eye. Family missing for months. Search suspended. The story described a family of three, a couple and their teenage daughter who had vanished during a road trip through the same mountain area. Their car was never found and authorities had recently stopped the search. The pilot felt his stomach twist. The region mentioned in the article was exactly where he had seen the flashing light. His fingers trembled slightly as he read the story again. It couldn't be a coincidence, could it? He folded the paper and sat still for a long time, lost in thought. He knew it wasn't his job to chase after mysteries, but he couldn't ignore this one. Something inside whispered that maybe, just maybe, that flicker he saw wasn't random. Later that evening, he called the same officer he had spoken to weeks earlier and asked if anyone had checked the coordinates. The officer paused, then admitted that due to weather and limited resources, no follow-up search had been done yet. That was the moment the pilot's heart sank. He realized if he didn't do something, no one might ever know the truth. He looked at his flight log again and quietly planned his next steps. Maybe he could talk to someone from the local rescue department. Maybe he could volunteer to help or at least share his information directly with someone who cared. That night, lying awake, he thought about the faces in the newspaper, the smiling family before they disappeared. He imagined what might have happened. A car accident on a hidden road, a desperate signal for help. Days turning into months. The idea of someone still out there waiting broke him inside. He had seen danger before, storms, emergencies, mechanical failures, but nothing felt like this kind of weight. This was different. This was human. By the time dawn came, his decision was clear. He couldn't just move on and forget it. The light he saw might be someone's last hope or their memory calling to be found. He packed his small notebook into his flight bag, ready for another routine day. But this time, his mission had changed. Every time he looked out the cockpit window, he wasn't just flying anymore. He was searching, searching for answers, for meaning, and maybe for someone who needed him more than he'd ever realize. And deep inside, he made himself a quiet promise. If fate gave him even one more chance to fly over those mountains, he wouldn't just look away. He would find out what that light was, no matter what it took. The pilot couldn't shake the feeling that the light he saw was connected to that missing family. He thought about it constantly during flights while driving home, even when trying to sleep. It wasn't just curiosity. It was a strange kind of responsibility pressing against his heart. He told himself it might all be a misunderstanding. But what if it wasn't? What if someone was still out there waiting for help that never came? A few days later, after finishing his morning flight, he drove straight to the local aviation office. He carried the folded newspaper with him and laid it on the officer's desk. That light I told you about," he said quietly, tapping the printed headline. "This missing family, this is the same area," the officer looked at the map again, unimpressed. "It's possible," he said. "But the region is huge, and those mountains are rough. We can't send a team without stronger evidence. Probably just debris from an old crash." The pilot tried to stay calm, but disappointment filled his voice. "If it was debris, it wouldn't flash like that. I've been flying for 20 years. I know what sunlight looks like when it hits metal. This was different. It was deliberate. The officer sighed, nodding half-heartedly. We'll see what we can do. He left the office feeling helpless. It was easier for them to dismiss it than to send people into dangerous terrain. He understood the logic, but not the lack of effort. Sometimes bureaucracy made simple acts of humanity difficult. But that day, the pilot decided he wouldn't stop there. He reached out to an old friend, a volunteer with the Mountain Rescue Association. They'd once worked together during a weather emergency years back. When he explained what he saw, his friend listened more carefully than anyone else had. "That area has been searched before," the rescuer said thoughtfully. "But it's big country, and a lot of spots are impossible to reach on foot. Still, if you've got coordinates, I can take a look. Maybe we can fly over it again." That small sentence gave the pilot hope. Finally, someone who cared enough to help. Over the next few days, he arranged for a private small aircraft through his connections at the airfield. It wasn't an official rescue mission, just a personal initiative. He told his airline he'd be taking some personal leave, then spent hours reviewing flight maps and weather patterns. He marked out the route, checked for air restrictions, and prepared as if it were a normal flight, but deep down he knew it wasn't. This was personal now. The morning of the search came cold and quiet. Mist clung to the valleys and the sun was still climbing above the peaks. The pilot met his rescue friend at the hangar, both carrying thermoses of coffee and maps filled with scribbles. We'll fly slow and low, the pilot said. Just enough to cover this section. That light came from here somewhere between these ridges. As they took off, a sense of purpose filled the cockpit. The higher they climbed, the smaller the world below looked. But for the pilot, this flight wasn't about looking down. It was about finding meaning in what he had seen weeks ago. They circled the mountain range for nearly an hour, scanning every ridge and valley. The pilot's eyes darted back and forth, searching for that same flash. The sunlight was brighter now, dancing off rivers and rocks, making it harder to spot anything unusual. Still, he refused to give up. Every glimmer made his heart race, but each one turned out to be nothing. Then, just as his friend was about to suggest turning back, the pilot's hand froze on the controls. "There," he said sharply, pointing ahead. "See that?" the rescuer leaned forward. Through the haze, a faint glint caught the light again, metallic, small, almost hidden by the trees. It was brief, but real. They circled lower, keeping a careful altitude. As they banked around the ridge, the sunlight hit it again. This time, there was no doubt. Something metallic was buried among the trees. Not a reflection from a stream or roof, something larger. They marked the coordinates immediately and radioed the local search unit. Possible crash site located, the rescuer reported calmly. The pilot's hands trembled slightly as he gripped the controls. His instincts had been right all along. They made a few more passes to capture clear visuals, then turned back toward the base. Neither man spoke for a while. The pilot was lost in thought, part relief and part dread. If that was truly a crash, it meant tragedy. But if it was the missing family's car, at least their mystery could finally have answers. That afternoon, a ground team set out toward the location. The terrain was difficult. Thick trees, uneven rocks, and steep drops that made it nearly impossible to move quickly. The pilot waited near the station, pacing, unable to rest. Hours passed before a radio call finally came through. The voice on the other end sounded heavy. "We found the vehicle," the team leader said quietly. "Looks like it's been here a long time. Two adult remains inside." The pilot closed his eyes, his chest tightening. He'd hoped for a rescue, not recovery, but the voice continued, "There's something else. We found footprints nearby. Fresh ones too recent to belong to anyone from years ago. The pilot opened his eyes, his heart suddenly pounding again. Fresh footprints? You mean someone's alive? We don't know, the leader replied. But it looks that way, we'll expand the search at first light. That night, the pilot couldn't stop thinking about it. The idea that someone had survived all this time felt impossible yet somehow true. He imagined that teenage girl from the article, the daughter who had vanished with her parents. Could she really have survived in those mountains alone? He stared out his hotel window, watching the stars shimmer above the dark landscape. He thought about fate, how strange and unpredictable it was. A small flash of light from the forest had caught his attention during a routine flight. If he had looked away even for a second, this discovery might never have happened. He wondered how many times in life people missed moments like that. moments that could change everything. The next morning, the pilot joined the rescue team at the base. He wasn't supposed to be there officially, but no one stopped him. Everyone could see the weight on his face. As helicopters lifted off to continue the search, he stood quietly on the tarmac, hoping and praying that whoever left those footprints was still alive. By midday, the team had found signs that someone had recently used the area. pieces of broken branches, faint paths through the grass, a small handmade tool left behind. It wasn't much, but it was enough to prove someone had been surviving out there. When the news reached him, the pilot's throat tightened. The light he'd seen, the reflection, it wasn't an accident. Someone had been signaling, desperate to be found. The following days blurred together in a mix of hope and exhaustion. The rescue mission grew larger with drones and dogs joining the search. Reporters started to gather outside the base, sensing a story that touched both tragedy and miracle. But the pilot didn't care about cameras or credit. He only cared about finding the person behind that signal. Each night as he returned to his small hotel room, he'd write in his notebook, the same one where he had first jotted those coordinates weeks ago. He'd record every update, every discovery, every emotion. It was his way of making sense of it all. I saw the light for a reason, he whispered one night before falling asleep. He didn't know yet what that reason was, but deep down he believed that this story wasn't over. Somewhere in those mountains, life was still waiting to be found. The rescue team continued their search for days, climbing through thick forests and crossing freezing streams. The terrain was wild and unforgiving, full of cliffs and fallen trees that had stood untouched for years. But this time, the mission had direction. They had the coordinates the pilot had given them and the clear sign of footprints that suggested someone might still be alive. That small piece of hope kept everyone moving even when exhaustion started to show on their faces. The pilot stayed close to the base camp, helping in any way he could. He wasn't officially part of the rescue team, but no one stopped him. He helped carry supplies, studied the maps, and offered advice from his flight experience about the terrain's shape from above. Every morning he would walk to the edge of the camp and look toward the mountains, quietly wondering if the person they were searching for was watching from somewhere out there, waiting to be found. On the third day, a rescue helicopter flew low over the valley and spotted something unusual, a small clearing with traces of smoke. It wasn't a campfire, just a dark patch where something had burned recently. That was enough to bring fresh energy to the team. They marked the area and began their hike at dawn the next day. The pilot asked to go along, but the team leader shook his head. "It's too rough up there," he said. "We'll update you from the radio." The pilot nodded, understanding, though his heart sank. It was hard to just wait while others searched for answers he had started looking for. Hours passed slowly. The wind picked up and clouds gathered again, threatening to bring rain. The radio crackled with updates. Nothing yet, just dense forest and uneven ground. Then sometime after noon, the signal came through again. The team had found something. Looks like a handmade shelter, one of them said over the radio, small made of branches and sheets of metal. Someone's been living here. The pilot froze, gripping the radio tightly. He could hear the faint voices of excitement and disbelief in the background. They described the shelter. Simple, rough, but built with purpose. Inside they found a few empty cans, a water bottle, and some torn fabric that looked like clothing. There were also small carvings on the wooden walls, lines and marks, maybe to count days or months. Then came the words that made everyone stop breathing for a moment. We found her. The voice on the radio was trembling. A young woman alive. The camp around the pilot erupted with movement. People ran toward the communication tent trying to listen. The pilot's hands shook as he pressed the radio closer, his heart pounding faster than ever. He could barely believe what he had just heard. After all these weeks, after all those flights and sleepless nights, there really was someone alive out there. The next few hours felt endless as the rescue team worked to bring her down safely. The path was steep and she was weak, barely able to walk. They had to carry her part of the way, wrapping her in blankets and keeping her hydrated. The pilot watched the helicopter return through the fog, his breath caught in his chest. When it landed, everyone gathered around, quiet and respectful. The young woman was pale, her hair tangled, her face thin but calm. Her eyes blinked against the sudden light. She looked around slowly, confused as rescuers spoke softly to her. She didn't say much at first, only whispered for water. The pilot stood a few steps away, not wanting to crowd her, but he couldn't look away. This was the person he had unknowingly seen from thousands of feet above. The signal that had changed everything had come from her. Later, when doctors checked her in the field tent, they confirmed that she was the missing daughter from the newspaper story. The same family that had vanished months ago. The realization spread through the camp like electricity. No one could understand how she had survived for so long. As the sun began to set, she slowly began to speak. Her voice was faint, but everyone leaned in to listen. She told them that their car had slipped off a narrow road during a storm. Her parents hadn't survived the crash, and for days she had stayed near the wreck, too injured and scared to move. When help never came, she gathered what she could, blankets, food, a mirror from the car, and started walking. She found a cave first, then built a small shelter from broken branches and metal scraps. She had lived off rainwater and wild berries. Sometimes she would see planes fly overhead, but none ever noticed her. The mirror became her only way of signaling. Every time the sun shone through the clouds, she would stand outside and flash it toward the sky, praying someone might see it. Her voice cracked when she said, "I didn't think anyone ever would." The pilot's eyes filled with tears as he listened. It was his light, the one he couldn't forget, the reason he couldn't sleep. He realized then that his decision to follow that instinct had saved her life. It didn't feel real, just a moment of fate that had finally found its way. After she finished speaking, she asked one question that silenced the entire camp. Did you find my parents? The team members exchanged quiet glances before one of them gently nodded. Her lips trembled and she turned her face away, tears slipping down her cheeks. No one spoke for a while. Even the wind seemed to quiet down as if nature itself was listening. The pilot wanted to comfort her, but didn't know how. Instead, he just stood nearby, silent, his heart heavy yet full of respect. She had survived through unimaginable strength. And now her story would live on. Later that night, as she rested in a hospital bed after being airlifted out, the pilot sat outside in the waiting area, staring at the dark window. Reporters were already calling it a miracle, but he didn't think of it that way. To him, it was something deeper, a reminder of how fragile life could be and how one person's small choice could change everything. He thought about how close it all had come to being missed. If he hadn't looked down at that exact moment, if the light hadn't flickered just then, she might never have been found. That thought both haunted and humbled him. The next day, when he finally saw her again in the hospital, she smiled faintly and said, "You saw me." He nodded, unable to speak for a moment. Then she reached out her weak hand and said softly. "Thank you for not ignoring it." He smiled back, his voice low. "It wasn't me. It was you. You never gave up." Her eyes filled again, and she squeezed his hand gently. "I didn't know if anyone would ever see me," she whispered. But I kept trying. The pilot left the hospital that evening feeling changed. For years, he had flown thousands of flights, all blending together into routine. But now he knew that even the smallest detail, a flash of light, could carry the weight of someone's life. He realized that being a pilot wasn't just about flying planes. It was about paying attention to the world below, to the people who might be silently asking for help. As he walked to his car, the sunset painted the sky orange and pink. He paused and looked up one last time. Somewhere beyond those clouds, he remembered the exact spot where he had first seen that flicker. The mountain stood there still, strong and silent. But now they held a story of survival, hope, and connection. A story that would stay with him for the rest of his life. The young woman's rescue became the kind of story that spread quickly across towns and newsrooms. Everyone wanted to know how she had managed to survive for so long. How she had built a life out of almost nothing in such a dangerous and lonely place. But while people outside were fascinated by the miracle, inside the hospital things were quiet and emotional for her every breath was still heavy. Every sound still strange after months of hearing only the wind, birds, and her own voice echoing in the woods. The pilot visited often. At first, he didn't say much. He would bring small things, flowers, fruit, or sometimes a magazine she could flip through when she couldn't sleep. He didn't go there for thanks. He just wanted to see her getting better, to make sure the light he saw that day really did lead to life. One afternoon, as he walked into the hospital room, she was sitting by the window staring at the sky. Her face was thin but softer now, her skin no longer as pale. When she noticed him, she smiled faintly. You still look at the sky like it's talking to you, she said. He laughed quietly. Maybe it does. It's where I spend most of my life. She looked out again. I used to do that too before everything. I thought the sky was just beautiful. Now I look at it and think it saved me. Those words stayed with him. He sat beside her and for the first time she began to talk freely. She told him about the nights she spent in the cold, lighting small fires to keep animals away, about how she would listen for engines in the sky and run to the clearing with her mirror, hoping someone might notice the flashes. Some days, she said, I thought I was just sending light into nothing, but I kept doing it because it made me feel like I was still part of the world. The pilot nodded, his eyes glistening. You were, he said softly. You never disappeared. you just waited for someone to see you. Over the following weeks, she started to recover. Her strength slowly returned. She could walk short distances around the hospital and even started helping nurses fold small pieces of linen. The doctor said her recovery was a miracle. But it wasn't just her body that needed healing. Her heart carried years of silence, grief, and loneliness. There were nights when she would wake up crying quietly, missing her parents, feeling the ache of everything she had lost. The pilot often stayed late, just sitting nearby so she wouldn't feel alone. Sometimes they didn't even speak. They just shared the quiet. It was enough. He never asked too many questions about what she had gone through. He understood that some pain needed time before it could be spoken aloud. One evening, when the sun was setting and the room was filled with soft orange light, she said, "You know, I used to imagine what I'd say if someone ever found me. I had this whole speech planned in my head." She smiled sadly. But when I saw the rescue team, I couldn't say a word. I just cried. "You don't have to say anything," the pilot said gently. "You did everything right. You survived. That's all that matters." She looked down at her hands, then back at him. "It's strange. For so long, I thought I was forgotten. Then I find out someone saw my light from so far away. It makes me think maybe people are connected in ways we don't understand." He nodded slowly. Sometimes all it takes is one person to notice something others overlook. As she grew stronger, visitors came and went. Reporters, relatives, people from her town. Everyone called her a miracle. But she never liked that word. She said she didn't feel like one. She just did what she had to do to stay alive. Yet, she knew that without the pilot, she would never have been found. When she told him that, he smiled and said, "It wasn't just me. You kept sending the signal. You believed someone would see it. That's what saved you. Months passed. She was finally released from the hospital and the community held a small gathering to celebrate her recovery. The pilot attended quietly, standing at the back of the crowd. He watched as she spoke, her voice trembling but full of gratitude. I learned something up there in those mountains. She said, "Hope doesn't always shout. Sometimes it's just a small flicker that refuses to die. and sometimes that's enough for the right person to see. The crowd applauded and for a moment the pilot felt something warm rise in his chest, a mix of pride and peace. After the event, she found him standing near the parking lot away from the noise. She smiled and said, "I saw you hiding in the back." "I wasn't hiding," he said with a grin. "Just watching." She laughed softly. "You don't like attention, do you?" He shook his head. "Not really. I like quiet places. The sky gives me enough noise. Her face turned serious for a moment. You gave me my life back, she said. How do I thank someone for that? You already did, he said simply. By living. That night when he drove home, the streets looked different. The world felt quieter, lighter somehow. He realized that what he had done wasn't something extraordinary. It was just an act of listening to his heart. But sometimes that's all it takes to make a miracle happen. In the following months, she began a small project with the help of the local rescue organization. Her goal was to help others who went missing in remote places to make sure no one would ever feel as forgotten as she once did. She worked with pilots, volunteers, and rescue teams, creating awareness about the importance of search coordination and aerial spotting. The pilot joined her efforts, helping train young aviators to recognize unusual signals from the ground. He would tell them, "Never ignore something that catches your eye. Sometimes it's more than just light. Sometimes it's a person's last hope. Working together gave them both purpose. For her, it was healing. For him, it was a reminder of why he loved flying. It wasn't just about planes and skies. It was about connection, about being a small bridge between life and loss. One cold morning, about a year later, she invited him to visit the area where the crash had happened. The road had been cleared by now, and a small memorial stood beside the forest. It was simple. A wooden cross, a few flowers, and a sign that read, "Never stop sending your light." She stood quietly beside it, her eyes wet, but calm. "I come here sometimes," she said softly. "Not to cry anymore, but to remember that even the darkest places can hold light." The pilot looked at the forest, still dense and quiet. The air carried the smell of pine and wet soil. It's peaceful here," he said, almost like the mountains wanted to keep the secret until it was time. She smiled faintly. "Maybe they did. Maybe everything has its time." They stood there for a long while, saying nothing. Just the wind moving through the trees. Then, as they turned to leave, she stopped and looked up at the sky. "I still look for planes," she said. "It's a habit I don't think I'll ever lose," he smiled. "Good. You never know who might be looking back." As they drove away, the sun began to set behind the hills. The same light that once flashed from her mirror now painted the world in gold. The pilot glanced up through the windshield and whispered quietly, "You were right. Hope doesn't shout. It shines." In that quiet moment, both of them knew their lives would never be the same again. The world was still full of noise and rushing people, but they had learned something few ever do. That sometimes the smallest sign can lead to the biggest miracle. And when someone chooses to see it, to act on it, that simple act of noticing can change not just one life, but two. The hospital room was quiet, except for the soft hum of machines and the steady rhythm of the girl's breathing. Days had passed since she was brought down from the mountains, but it still didn't feel real to her. She had spent years alone with only the wind and her memories as company. Now there were voices, footsteps, people who smiled when they saw her awake. Each time a nurse came in to check on her, she would say thank you as if still afraid it might all disappear. When the pilot finally came to see her, she didn't recognize him at first. He stood by the doorway, his hat in his hands, looking unsure whether he should enter. The nurse smiled and told her softly, "That's the man who found you." She turned her head and their eyes met for the first time. For a long moment, neither of them spoke. He walked closer, a little nervous, his voice low and gentle when he said. I'm glad you're safe. She could barely hold back her tears. "You saw me," she whispered. "No one else ever did." He nodded slowly. "Something told me not to forget that light," he said. "I couldn't let it go. They talked for hours that day. She told him about her parents, about how they had laughed and sung in the car before the accident. She remembered the cold, the silence after the crash, and how she had called out for days until her voice faded. The pilot listened quietly, never interrupting. He didn't try to fill the silence with empty words. He just let her speak. She told him how she survived, how she collected rainwater, learned to catch fish with her hands, and built a small shelter out of fallen branches. Every time I saw a plane, she said softly. I would run to the clearing and wave a mirror I made from an old piece of metal. Sometimes I thought they saw me, but they never came. Until you did, he lowered his head, his voice thick. I'm sorry it took so long. She smiled faintly. You still came? That's what matters. In the weeks that followed, she began to heal. Not just her body, but her spirit. The hospital staff grew fond of her gentle nature and her quiet strength. Reporters tried to speak to her, but she asked for privacy. She didn't want her pain turned into a story for headlines. Still, the story spread on its own. People called it a miracle in the mountains. The pilot avoided interviews, too. When asked why he went looking again after so many months, he simply said, "Because something in my heart told me to." It was all he needed to say. One afternoon, when the hospital garden was filled with sunlight, she asked if he would walk with her outside. She was still weak, but she wanted to feel the air again. They walked slowly side by side past the flowers and trees. She looked up at the sky and said, "You must see this view every day up there." He smiled. "I do, but it's different now. How so? Before I just saw clouds and light. Now every time I look down, I wonder who might be waiting for help, who might need someone to notice." Her eyes softened. "You changed how I see the sky, too," she said. "For so long, I looked up and hoped someone would see me. Now when I look up, I feel seen. Months later, she was strong enough to leave the hospital. She didn't have any relatives left, but she didn't want to disappear again. Instead, she wanted to do something that would help others who might one day be lost and waiting for rescue. With the pilot's encouragement, she started a small foundation that worked with mountain rescue teams. Their goal was simple, to help improve aerial search systems so no signal would ever go unnoticed again. The pilot became one of the foundation's first supporters. He offered his time and knowledge, teaching young pilots how to recognize distress signals from above. During his talks, he would often say, "Sometimes saving a life doesn't begin with skill. It begins with not ignoring what your heart is trying to tell you." Their bond grew stronger over time. They weren't just survivor and rescuer anymore. They were two people connected by a story that had changed both their lives. She often said that he gave her a second life, but he always corrected her. You gave yourself that life, he would reply. I just followed the light. A year later, she visited the mountain site one last time, accompanied by the pilot and the rescue team. They placed flowers near the spot where her parents' car had been found. She knelt there quietly for a long time, her fingers touching the cool ground. "They would have thanked you," she said softly, turning to the pilot. He shook his head gently. They're the reason I saw the light. Maybe they were guiding me, too. They stood there together, the wind brushing through the trees, carrying the faint scent of pine. The mountains looked peaceful that day, almost as if they remembered her story and were finally at rest. As they prepared to leave, she turned back one more time. "I used to think the mountains took everything from me," she said. "But now I know they gave me something, too. They gave me you." The pilot didn't reply right away. He simply smiled and placed a hand over his heart, a quiet gesture that said more than words could. Back in the city, the foundation continued to grow. Pilots from different airlines joined their awareness program. Search technology improved, and every year, lives were saved because of what started with one man's decision not to ignore a feeling. On the first anniversary of her rescue, the foundation organized a small ceremony. There was no media, just a few close people. rescuers, pilots, and volunteers. She stood at the front and said in a trembling voice, "I spent years waiting for someone to find me. Now I want to spend the rest of my life helping others be found." After the applause faded, she looked toward the pilot sitting quietly in the back row. Their eyes met again, and she smiled. That silent connection built from courage, loss, and faith would stay with them forever. Later, he returned to flying. Every time his plane passed over a mountain range, he would glance out the window, remembering that one day when everything changed, he would whisper softly, "I see you." as if speaking to every person waiting for hope below. Once during a quiet evening flight, he caught a faint reflection on the ground far below. Just sunlight hitting water this time. But it made him smile anyway. He knew that sometimes even the smallest light could mean someone's life. He landed that night with a peaceful heart. The world could be unpredictable and full of pain, but it could also be filled with miracles, the kind that come when someone simply refuses to look away. And so, the man who once saw a faint flash in the forest learned that it wasn't just a signal from the ground. It was a reminder that even in the darkest places, a small light can lead the way home.

- A Pilot’s Flight Leads to a Family’s Miracle...: Kind: captions Language: en The airport lights glowed softly against the early morning sky. The sound of rolling luggage, distant announcements, and the hum of engines filled the air. In the middle of that quiet rush stood a man in uniform, adjusting his pilot cap and taking a deep breath before walking toward the terminal. His name was Daniel, a man who had spent more than 20 years flying above the clouds. Flying was everything to him. It was where he felt alive, peaceful, and free. Yet behind his calm face was a heart weighed down by loneliness. His job had taken him to dozens of countries and thousands of skies, but it had also taken him away from home. His wife and little boy lived in another city because of his changing schedules. Weeks could pass before he saw them. He tried to make up for it with phone calls and video chats, but it was never the same. His son's voice had changed a little each time they spoke, and that made his heart ache more than he liked to admit. Every morning started the same way. He would wake before sunrise, make a cup of coffee that he often left half finishedish, and stare at the sky from his kitchen window. The world was quiet at that hour, and he liked that silence. It helped him gather his thoughts before another long day of flying. People always imagined pilots living exciting lives, but for Daniel, it had become routine. The same flight paths, the same hotels, the same polite smiles to passengers as they boarded. Sometimes he wondered if he had missed the meaning of it all. Still, when he stepped into the cockpit, everything else faded away. The switches, the lights, the sound of the engine starting, it always gave him a strange kind of comfort. The sky was where he belonged. On this particular morning, his flight was a long one, a full international route that would take him over the ocean. He didn't know it yet, but this journey would change his life forever. Before takeoff, Daniel went through the usual checklist with his co-pilot. They reviewed every system, every control. He was known among his colleagues for his calm and disciplined manner. Even in tough situations, he never lost his composure. It was part of what made people trust him so deeply. The crew respected him. The passengers adored him, and the airline relied on him more than he realized. As he walked down the aisle before departure, checking on passengers and greeting a few with a warm smile, he noticed a young mother helping her daughter fasten her seat belt. The little girl looked up and smiled brightly, clutching a small toy airplane in her hand. "Are you the pilot?" she asked in a soft, curious voice. Daniel smiled and nodded. "Yes, I am," he said kindly. "And I promise we'll have a smooth and safe flight." The little girl giggled and said, "I love airplanes. I want to be a pilot, too. Her mother thanked him quietly, and Daniel moved on, but the child's smile stayed in his mind longer than he expected. Once the plane took off, the world below became smaller and smaller until it disappeared completely under the clouds. Daniel loved that moment. The silence just before reaching cruising altitude when everything seemed to pause. Up there, it always felt like time stopped. But even in that peaceful space, his thoughts wandered home. He thought of his son's drawings pinned on the refrigerator, of his wife's tired voice after another day alone. He promised himself that after this flight, he would take some time off. He needed to be there for them, not just as a voice on the phone, but as a husband and father. The hours passed quietly. Passengers watched movies, read books, or slept. The little girl with the toy airplane had her head resting on her mother's shoulder. Daniel looked over the instrument panel, checking everything carefully, though he could almost do it with his eyes closed after all these years. The clouds outside glowed gold as the sun began to set behind them. He thought about how many sunsets he had seen from above the world, and how none of them ever looked the same. But what he didn't know was that somewhere in that same plane, life was quietly setting up a story that neither he nor anyone else could have predicted. A light beep broke the silence in the cockpit. A small alert flickered on the dashboard. Something minor, but Daniel's instincts sharpened immediately. He checked the readings. Nothing serious, just a fluctuation in one of the sensors. Still, his focus deepened. A good pilot never ignored even the smallest detail. He made a note to have it checked after landing. For now, everything continued smoothly. His co-pilot chatted about family plans and upcoming leave days, but Daniel mostly nodded and smiled without saying much. He was lost in his thoughts again. He imagined surprising his son at school watching him run into his arms. Maybe they could go fishing or just have dinner together without screens or schedules in the way. It sounded so simple yet so out of reach. That thought made him sigh quietly. He didn't realize that life was already preparing a moment that would soon remind him just how precious time really was. A few hours into the flight, as the cabin lights dimmed and most passengers slept, Daniel felt a strange sense of peace. The stars stretched endlessly outside the cockpit window. He had always believed that flying wasn't just about reaching destinations. It was about trust. People trusted him with their lives every time he took control of an aircraft. And he took that responsibility to heart. What he didn't expect was that soon he would be the one needing that same trust from the world, from fate, and from a little girl whose path had quietly crossed his own. The radio crackled softly with a message from air traffic control confirming their route ahead. Everything looked clear. Daniel smiled slightly, feeling that familiar rhythm of routine. Yet deep down, he couldn't shake the feeling that something important was waiting to happen. It wasn't fear. It was intuition. that quiet voice that sometimes speaks before the storm. When the flight finally neared its destination, Daniel began preparing for descent. He made his usual announcement, his voice steady and warm. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be landing shortly. Please fasten your seat belts and prepare for arrival. We hope you had a comfortable journey. The passengers stirred, adjusting their seats, collecting their belongings. The little girl looked out the window with excitement, whispering to her mother. We're almost there. As the plane descended smoothly through the clouds, Daniel focused fully on the controls. Every landing was a reminder of how fragile and beautiful life could be, thousands of feet up, and yet everything depended on calm hands and clear judgment. When the wheels finally touched the runway and the brakes slowed the massive aircraft to a gentle stop, he let out a small breath of relief. Another safe journey. After parking the plane and completing post-flight checks, Daniel stood by the cockpit door as passengers exited. Some thanked him politely, others smiled and waved. The little girl stopped again before leaving and handed him her tiny toy airplane. "You can keep it," she said proudly. "You're my favorite pilot." Daniel smiled and gently placed the toy in his pocket. "Thank you, young lady," he said softly. "That means a lot." When the passengers were gone and the cabin quieted down, Daniel sat for a moment in the cockpit, staring at the small toy airplane in his hand. Something about it touched him deeply. Maybe it reminded him of his son. Or maybe it was the innocence behind that gesture. He didn't know then that this small act of kindness was the start of something far greater, a miracle that neither of them could have seen coming. As he left the airport that evening, the air was cool and still. He looked up at the stars scattered across the dark sky. To him, they weren't just distant lights. They were stories, millions of them, shining over people who didn't even know how closely their lives were connected. Somewhere out there, a chain of events had just begun. One that would soon change not only his world, but the meaning of everything he thought he knew about life, destiny, and miracles. The day after the flight, Daniel felt something different inside him. It wasn't just relief from a successful journey, but a strange sense that the day had meant something more. He couldn't forget the little girl's bright smile and how she had handed him that toy airplane before leaving. It was such a simple gesture, yet it touched something deep in his heart. That night, he placed the small toy on his desk beside a framed photo of his family. Somehow, it made the room feel warmer. He had a few days off before his next flight. He called his wife and told her he was planning to visit soon. She sounded happy but cautious. After so many broken promises, she wasn't sure if he'd really come this time. "I mean it," he said softly. "I'm coming home next week." His son shouted in the background. "Dad, don't forget to bring me one of those pilot pins." Daniel laughed and promised he would. For the first time in a long while, he was truly looking forward to going home. A week passed quickly and before he knew it, he was back at the airport preparing for another flight. This time to a nearby city. It was supposed to be a routine journey, just 3 hours in the air. The weather was clear, the passengers were calm, and everything seemed normal. The same crew was flying with him, and everyone was in good spirits. As the plane climbed through the sky, Daniel took a moment to look outside. The sunlight reflected off the ocean below, creating a trail of shimmering gold. Flying still amazed him even after two decades. Every cloud looked like a dream waiting to be touched. But as peaceful as it seemed, the sky could change in seconds. And that day, it did. An hour into the flight, the aircraft suddenly shook. It wasn't violent, but enough to make Daniel glance at his instruments. The turbulence warning flashed. He calmly informed the passengers to fasten their seat belts and guided the plane into a stable altitude. His co-pilot looked at him and said, "Looks like a small storm ahead. Should we reroute?" Daniel nodded. "Yes, let's go around it." They adjusted the path slightly, but within minutes, dark clouds began to gather faster than expected. The sky outside turned gray and lightning flashed in the distance. Rain battered the windshield. Daniel's hands moved quickly over the controls. The passengers in the cabin could feel the aircraft sway, but his voice came through the intercom, steady and reassuring. Ladies and gentlemen, please remain seated and keep your seat belts fastened. We're passing through a bit of rough weather. It will be over soon. His calm tone worked like magic. People took deep breaths and trusted him completely. In the middle of the storm, Daniel's focus sharpened. Flying through turbulence wasn't new to him, but this one was unusually strong. He guided the aircraft with patience, waiting for the winds to settle. For a few moments, everything seemed under control. Then, without warning, the right engine indicator flashed red. The co-pilot's eyes widened. "We're losing pressure in engine, too," he shouted. Daniel's hands tightened on the controls. "Stay calm," he said firmly. "We'll handle it." The engine began to sputter and a low rumble echoed through the plane. The passengers gasped as the aircraft dropped slightly before Daniel stabilized it. He immediately radioed the control tower, declaring an emergency. This is flight 217 requesting immediate landing clearance. We have an engine failure and are preparing for emergency descent. The control tower responded quickly, guiding him toward the nearest regional airport. Inside the cabin, fear began to spread. Some passengers held hands, others whispered prayers. The young mother with the little girl was there again, sitting a few rows behind the wing. She hugged her daughter tightly. The child, frightened but brave, whispered, "It's okay, Mommy. The pilot will keep us safe. He promised." Her mother's eyes filled with tears, but she nodded, trusting those words. In the cockpit, Daniel's concentration was absolute. He could feel his heart pounding, but his voice never wavered. "We'll be fine," he told his co-pilot. "Keep monitoring the systems." He had trained for moments like this countless times, but real emergencies always tested a person's true strength. Every decision had to be perfect. Every second mattered. As the plane descended through thick clouds, visibility dropped to almost nothing. The rain sounded like thousands of small stones hitting the fuselage. Daniel could barely see the runway lights through the mist. His co-pilot said, "Landing gears not responding." Daniel's jaw tightened. try manual override. Nothing happened. The landing gear was stuck. They would have to land the plane without it. He quickly explained the situation to the control tower and to the passengers. "We're making an emergency landing," he announced calmly. "Please stay seated and brace for impact. Our crew is fully prepared and will do everything to keep you safe." His voice didn't shake once. Even though fear filled the cabin, his confidence gave everyone a small sense of hope. The plane approached the ground fast. Daniel guided it toward a grassy field near the runway, knowing it was the safest option if the landing gear failed. The engines roared, the rain poured, and the passengers clutched their seats. For a moment, time seemed to stop. Then the plane hit the ground hard, sliding across the wet grass. Sparks flew from underneath as metal scraped against Earth. The aircraft tilted, but didn't break apart. Daniel pulled every bit of control he had left, keeping it steady until it finally slowed and came to a halt. For a few seconds, there was total silence. Then, cries of relief filled the air. People began clapping, sobbing, and thanking God. Daniel leaned back in his seat, his hands trembling slightly for the first time. He looked at his co-pilot, who was shaking his head in disbelief. "You did it, Captain," he whispered. "You really did it." Emergency teams rushed toward the aircraft. Within minutes, everyone was safely evacuated. Not one life was lost. The news spread quickly across the country. Pilot saves 142 lives in miraculous landing. Cameras, reporters, and rescue workers surrounded the field. Daniel stayed quiet through it all, refusing to take credit. He simply said, "We did what we were trained to do. The passenger safety comes first." Later that night, sitting alone in a small hospital room where they had checked him for injuries, Daniel stared at his reflection in the window. His hand still shook faintly. He thought about how close they had come to disaster, how fragile life really was. The toy airplane the little girl had given him was still in his pocket. He pulled it out and placed it on the windowsill. Somehow, it felt like a reminder, maybe even a sign. The airline praised him, calling him a hero. Letters poured in from families thanking him for saving their loved ones. But Daniel didn't see himself as a hero. He was just a man doing his job. Though deep inside, something had changed. The experience had opened a quiet space in his heart, a space filled with gratitude, humility, and an unspoken connection to those passengers he had saved, especially the brave little girl who had believed in him. That night, before going to bed, he whispered to himself, "Life gave me another chance up there. Maybe I need to make it countdown here." He didn't know how, but he felt certain that this wasn't the end of the story. Something bigger was still waiting ahead. something that would test his strength once again, but this time not in the sky. After the emergency landing, Daniel became a name everyone talked about. Newspapers called him a hero. Television channels showed clips of passengers hugging him, and people from all over sent letters of gratitude, but fame was never something he cared about. When reporters asked how he managed to stay calm through the crisis, he simply said it was teamwork and faith. Inside, he was just thankful everyone survived. For a few weeks, life slowed down. The airline gave him leave to rest and recover. At home, he spent quiet days with his wife and son, trying to enjoy the simple things he had missed. Breakfast together, walks in the park, laughter during dinner. For once, he felt grounded in more ways than one. But even in those peaceful moments, something inside him didn't feel quite right. He would wake up in the middle of the night sweating and breathless as if reliving the turbulence in his sleep. His wife would comfort him, whispering, "It's over now. You're safe." But the unease stayed. One evening, while sorting through a pile of letters, Daniel came across a small envelope addressed in a child's handwriting. It was from the little girl Mia, the same child who had given him the toy airplane and been on both flights. Inside was a drawing of a big airplane with wings spread wide and a smiling pilot waving from the cockpit. At the bottom she had written, "Thank you for keeping us safe. You are my favorite pilot." He smiled, feeling a lump in his throat. There was also a short note from her mother explaining that Mia was recovering from a rare heart condition and had to travel often for treatment. She thanked him again for saving their lives and said her daughter still talked about that day every single morning. Daniel placed the drawing on his desk beside the toy plane. It reminded him of how fragile life could be and how one person's courage could make a difference. But what he didn't realize was that fate was about to test his own life in ways he could never imagine. Months passed. Daniel slowly returned to work, though something about him had changed. He smiled more often at passengers, spoke kindly to his crew, and took extra care with every flight. But his body was giving quiet warnings. He started feeling tired more easily. A simple climb up the stairs left him breathless. Sometimes his heart raced without reason and he'd have to sit down until it passed. He told himself it was stress and exhaustion, but deep down he knew it was more than that. During a routine medical checkup required for pilots, the doctor frowned at his test results. "You've got an irregular heartbeat," he said. "We'll need to run some further tests." Daniel tried to brush it off, but the results came back serious. His heart was weakening. Years of long hours, pressure, and travel had taken their toll. The doctor told him he needed immediate treatment and might have to stop flying until his condition improved. The news hit him harder than any turbulence ever could. Flying was his life. The idea of being grounded felt like losing a part of himself. That evening, he sat in silence, staring at the sky from his window, watching planes pass overhead. His wife put her hand on his shoulder and said softly, "Maybe this is life's way of slowing you down." He nodded, but tears filled his eyes. He didn't know what his future would look like without the sky. Weeks turned into months. His condition worsened despite treatment. The doctors told him he would eventually need a heart transplant. Without it, he might not have long. The words echoed in his mind like the sound of engines fading away. He felt fragile, powerless, so different from the man who once controlled hundreds of tons of metal through storms. One cold evening, his wife sat beside his hospital bed, holding his hand. He was pale, his breathing shallow. "You saved so many lives," she whispered. "Now it's your turn to be saved," he smiled weakly. I'm just tired," he said softly. "But I'll keep fighting." Every day became a waiting game. The doctor searched for a matching donor, but time was running out. Sometimes he would close his eyes and imagine himself flying again, seeing the world from above, feeling the weightlessness he missed so much. In those dreams, he could hear a child's voice saying, "You'll be okay, Captain." He didn't know why, but it always sounded like Mia. Then one evening, as rain pattered softly against the hospital windows, a nurse rushed into the room with tears in her eyes. "We found a heart," she said breathlessly. "A match just came in." Daniel and his wife looked at each other in shock. Relief washed over them like a wave. It felt like a miracle, an answer to every silent prayer. The doctors prepared him for surgery immediately. As they wheeled him into the operating room, Daniel squeezed his wife's hand and whispered, "If I don't make it, tell our son I'm proud of him." She shook her head firmly. "You will make it," she said. "You always do." The surgery lasted for hours. Outside, his wife waited anxiously, whispering prayers with every passing minute. When the doctor finally came out, he smiled and said, "It was successful. He's going to be okay." Tears rolled down her cheeks as she whispered, "Thank you, God. When Daniel woke up days later, everything felt different. The steady rhythm of his new heartbeat filled the room like music. He couldn't explain it, but he felt peaceful, almost connected to something beyond himself. The doctor told him the heart came from a young donor who had passed away recently. The family wished to remain anonymous, but they were comforted knowing their loved one's heart had saved a life. Daniel closed his eyes and whispered, "Thank you, whoever you are." His recovery was slow but steady. Each day he grew stronger, walking a little further down the hospital hallway, feeling life return to him. His wife and son visited often, bringing him laughter and warmth. But sometimes late at night, he would feel a strange pull inside his chest, like the heart beating within him carried a story he hadn't heard yet. Months later, he was discharged and allowed to go home. The sun felt brighter, the air fresher. Everything seemed new again. But his perspective on life had changed completely. He no longer thought about schedules or destinations. He thought about moments, the laughter at breakfast, the sound of his son's footsteps, the way his wife smiled when she saw him walk without help. One afternoon, while organizing his things, he found the toy airplane again. He held it in his hand, staring at it with a quiet smile. That little girl's gift had stayed with him through everything. He didn't know where she was now, but he hoped she was happy and healthy. As he placed the toy back on the shelf, a strange feeling passed through him, like warmth spreading through his chest, as if the heart inside him recognized something familiar. He didn't know it then, but the same little girl who once handed him that toy was the very person who had given him the second chance to live. Her heart was now beating inside him, keeping his promise of protection alive in a way neither of them could have ever imagined. The miracle had already happened. It just hadn't revealed itself yet. Life after the transplant felt like waking up from a long, heavy dream. The world looked brighter. Sounds felt clearer. And every heartbeat reminded Daniel that he had been given another chance. It wasn't easy at first. The pain from the surgery, the constant checkups, and the endless pills he had to take. But he didn't complain. He was alive, and that was enough for him. His wife watched over him like a guardian, making sure he ate well, rested, and followed every instruction. Their son would sit by his bedside, showing him drawings of airplanes, proudly saying, "When you get better, we'll fly together, okay?" Daniel would smile, touch his chest lightly, and reply, "Yes, we will." One day soon, weeks turned into months. His strength returned slowly. The doctors were amazed at how well his body accepted the new heart. "You're healing fast," they told him. But what they didn't know was that Daniel often felt something deeper, a strange connection inside him. It wasn't just a physical change. It was as if this heart carried a warmth of its own, a quiet energy that comforted him during lonely nights. Sometimes he would dream. In those dreams, he saw a little girl standing under a bright sky holding a small toy airplane. She never spoke, but she smiled at him. The same innocent smile that had once lit up a cabin full of fear. He always woke up with tears in his eyes, unable to explain why the image felt so real. One morning, Daniel decided to visit the hospital chapel. It was small and quiet with sunlight streaming through the glass windows. He sat there for a long time, his hands folded. Whoever gave me this heart, he whispered. Thank you. I don't know who you are, but I'll live the rest of my life honoring your gift." His voice trembled, but his heart felt light. He didn't know that destiny was already planning to answer his words. Months later, Daniel was invited to a ceremony honoring organ donors and recipients. The hospital wanted to celebrate people who had given or received the gift of life. "His doctor encouraged him to attend." "It might give you peace," he said. Daniel hesitated at first. He wasn't comfortable being the center of attention, but his wife insisted, "You should go. Maybe you'll meet the people who made this miracle possible." The day of the ceremony was calm and sunny. Families filled the hall, holding photos of their loved ones who had donated organs. There were speeches, soft music, and stories that made everyone tear up. Daniel sat quietly in the back, listening. Every word reminded him of how fragile and beautiful life was. When it was his turn to speak, he walked slowly to the stage, his voice steady but emotional. "I don't know who my donor was," he said softly. "But I know their heart beats inside me every day. Whoever they were, they've given me more than life. They've given me purpose. I want to live in a way that honors them. Every breath I take is a reminder of someone's kindness, someone's love." The room fell silent. Many wiped away tears. He finished by saying, "We're all connected, sometimes in ways we can't even see." After the ceremony, as people mingled and shared stories, Daniel stood by a window, looking out at the setting sun. That's when he heard a gentle voice behind him say, "Captain." He turned around slowly and saw a woman standing there. She looked nervous, but kind. There was something familiar about her eyes, though he couldn't place it at first. "You don't know me," she said. "But I think you knew my daughter." For a moment, time stood still. Daniel felt his chest tighten. "Your daughter?" he asked softly. The woman nodded, tears already forming in her eyes. "Her name was Mia. She was on your flight that day." "The one you saved." Daniel's heart stopped for a second. He stared at her speechless. "Mia," he whispered. The woman continued, her voice shaking. "She was very sick. We tried everything, but her little heart couldn't keep up. She passed away a few months ago. She paused, taking a deep breath before adding. Her heart went to a man who needed it to live. We never knew who that person was. Until I saw your name on the ceremony list. Daniel's eyes filled instantly. His hands trembled as he looked at her. "Her heart?" he murmured, unable to finish. The woman nodded gently. "Yes, you have her heart." Tears streamed down both their faces as silence fell between them. Neither could find words big enough for that moment. Finally, the woman said quietly, "She always believed in you. You know, after the flight, she talked about you everyday. She told everyone the pilot kept us safe. He's brave. I want to be like him." She even drew pictures of airplanes and said she'd fly one day. Her voice broke as she smiled sadly. "I think in some way she did." Daniel couldn't hold back anymore. He stepped forward and gently took her hands. I don't know what to say," he whispered. "There are no words for something like this." The woman smiled through her tears. "You don't have to say anything. Just live. That's all she would have wanted." They stood there quietly, the sound of soft music echoing in the background. Daniel felt his heartbeat, her heartbeat strong and steady inside him. It was as if she was still there, reminding him that miracles didn't just happen in the sky. They happened on the ground, too. in the hearts of people who cared for each other. Before leaving, the woman handed him an envelope. She wrote this before before she passed. "I think you should have it." Daniel took it with shaking hands. Later that night at home, he sat by the window and opened it slowly. Inside was a small note written in uneven handwriting. "Thank you for saving us, Captain. You're my hero. Don't be sad. Keep flying. Even if it's not in the sky, I'll always be with you. At the bottom was a small drawing. A pilot and a little girl standing beside an airplane, both smiling. Tears ran down Daniel's face as he held the letter close to his chest. He didn't know how a child could have so much courage, so much love. He whispered her name softly. "Mia," feeling the rhythm of her heart inside him. That moment changed him forever. From that day onward, Daniel lived differently. He started volunteering at hospitals, speaking to families waiting for transplants. He visited schools telling children about kindness and courage. He often said sometimes the smallest heart can make the biggest difference. People listened to him not because he was a pilot or a hero, but because he spoke with a sincerity that came from a place of real experience. Every morning he would stand outside and look up at the sky, feeling the wind on his face. He no longer missed flying because he realized he was already part of something much bigger than any airplane could carry. He had been given a second chance to live and to love, to give, to inspire. And somewhere deep inside him, he knew that little girl was still with him. Every heartbeat, every smile, every act of kindness carried her spirit forward. It wasn't just his heart anymore. It was theirs, beating together, reminding the world that sometimes miracles are not seen. They are felt. Time passed, but the story didn't fade. Daniel's life became a quiet example of how one act of kindness could ripple through the lives of many. He no longer wore his pilot's uniform, but everyone still called him captain. To the world, he was the man who had survived against all odds. To his family, he was a husband and father who had been given back to them. But deep inside, Daniel carried something even greater, a promise to live for two hearts, not one. He often visited the park where children played, watching them laugh and run freely. Sometimes when he saw a little girl holding a toy airplane, his chest would ache, not in pain, but in remembrance. It felt like Mia was still there somewhere, smiling from a distance. He had kept her letter safely framed in his study along with the drawing she made. Whenever he looked at it, he felt a calm strength as if her spirit was guiding him. One afternoon, Daniel was invited by a local school to talk about courage and hope. At first, he didn't want to. He wasn't sure what to say that would truly matter to children. But his wife encouraged him. "You don't need a perfect speech," she said. "Just tell your story the way it happened. That's enough." So, he agreed. When he arrived at the school, the students gathered in the hall, curious and excited. Daniel stood before them with a gentle smile. "I used to fly airplanes," he began. I loved being in the sky. But one day, I learned that the real flight isn't about airplanes. It's about hearts. The children listened closely, their eyes wide as he shared how life had tested him, how a young girl's courage had saved him. He didn't mention names, only feelings. The fear, the loss, the miracle. When he finished, the room was silent. Then a small boy raised his hand and asked, "Do you still miss the sky?" Daniel smiled softly. "Every day," he said. But now I know that sometimes the best way to fly is to lift others up. The teachers clapped, the students smiled, and for the first time in a long while, Daniel felt peaceful. After that, he began speaking more often. Hospitals, schools, community events, wherever people needed hope, he went. He didn't ask for anything in return. He simply shared his journey, reminding everyone that life was fragile, but also full of grace. Slowly, his story began spreading. Newspapers wrote about him and people sent letters thanking him for giving them strength. One letter stood out. It came from a father who wrote, "Your story helped my son agree to a heart transplant he was afraid of." He said, "If the pilot can do it, I can, too. You saved him." Daniel read that letter over and over, tears filling his eyes. It made him realize that maybe this was his new calling, not flying planes, but giving people hope. Years went by. Daniel's health stayed stable, though he never forgot to take his medicines or attend his checkups. He treated everyday as a gift. On anniversaries, he would visit the donor wall at the hospital. He'd bring a small bunch of white flowers and stand quietly, eyes closed, whispering a silent thank you to Mia and her family. Her mother still kept in touch, and their bond had grown deeper over time. They didn't talk about loss anymore. They talked about life, about how her daughter's heart had not just kept beating, but had kept inspiring. One winter evening, Daniel received a call from a journalist making a short documentary about organ donation. They wanted him to share his experience on film. At first, he hesitated. He had always been humble about his story, never seeking attention. But then he thought of all the people who might find courage in hearing it. So, he agreed. The filming took place in his home. The crew asked gentle questions while he sat near a window, the evening light falling softly across his face. He spoke with warmth and honesty. When they asked him what he had learned from everything he'd been through, he paused for a moment before answering. I've learned that life isn't measured by how long we live, but by how much love we give while we're here. I was given another chance not just to live but to make a difference and that's what I want to keep doing as long as this heart beats. The documentary was short but powerful. When it was released, thousands of people watched it online. Many shared their own stories of receiving or donating organs. Families wrote messages saying they had found hope again. Daniel didn't see himself as a hero, but he felt grateful that Mia's story had continued to touch lives through him. One afternoon while taking a walk near the lake, Daniel saw a little girl sitting with her mother folding paper airplanes. The girl looked up and smiled at him holding one out. "Do you want to try?" she asked. He laughed and sat beside her. Together, they folded another paper plane. When they threw it into the wind, it flew high, spinning and gliding gracefully before landing softly on the grass. The girl clapped and said, "You're good at this." Daniel smiled. I've had a bit of practice," he said gently. As he watched the plane drift away, he thought about how life was like that, fragile, unpredictable, but still beautiful if you let it soar. The wind carried the paper plane higher, and for a moment, he felt as though Mia was watching, too. That evening, he returned home and opened his journal. He wrote, "Today, I threw a paper airplane. It reminded me that no matter how far we go, a part of us always stays with the ones we love. Maybe that's what flying really means. Not leaving, but carrying hearts together. His wife read those words later and hugged him. You've changed, you know, she said softly. You used to chase the sky. Now the sky seems to chase you. Daniel smiled. Maybe it's just her way of saying hello. As years rolled on, Daniel grew older, his hair turning gray, his steps slower. But his spirit stayed young. He continued to visit schools and hospitals, always telling his story in the same simple, heartfelt way. People never got tired of hearing it. They said it reminded them that even in pain, there could be beauty, and even in loss, there could be life. One day, as he stood in front of a group of medical students, he said something that stayed with everyone who heard it. I used to believe that a pilot's job was to guide a plane through storms. But now I know that our real job in life is to guide each other through the storms we face. That's what keeps the world flying. After the talk, a young student came up to him with tears in her eyes. "My brother needs a transplant," she said quietly. "I was scared before, but hearing you gave me hope." "Thank you." Daniel placed a gentle hand on her shoulder and said, "Hope is like an airplane. It can't fly without someone believing it will." That night, as Daniel lay in bed, he placed a hand over his heart. He could still feel it beating strong and steady, the rhythm of two lives intertwined. He closed his eyes, and for a brief moment, he saw the same dream again. A bright sky, a little girl, and a paper airplane soaring high. This time, she waved, and he waved back, smiling peacefully. He knew then that everything had come full circle. He had kept his promise. He had lived for her, for himself, for everyone who had ever needed a reason to believe again. And as the stars shone quietly above, Daniel felt something deep and comforting. The feeling that even when his journey ended someday, his story, like that paper airplane, would keep flying forever.

- How Do Pilots Pass The Time On Long Flights?: Kind: captions Language: en For most passengers, long-haul flights are&nbsp; a matter of endurance aided by a few drinks,&nbsp;&nbsp; inflight entertainment, and trying to get some&nbsp; sleep between meal services. It is an entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; different matter for the people flying the plane&nbsp; as there are still plenty of things to do even&nbsp;&nbsp; after takeoff. Let’s look at what’s happening&nbsp; on the flight deck during these longer flights… Even though flight paths are decided upon&nbsp; before departure, pilots have to monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; weather conditions and decide whether&nbsp; or not to alter them during the flight.&nbsp;&nbsp; On long-haul flights, weather conditions are&nbsp; more likely to change from initial forecasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; with aircraft often encountering multiple&nbsp; weather systems. These systems can vary in&nbsp;&nbsp; intensity from slight turbulence to dangerous&nbsp; thunderstorms. Traveling at high speeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots must be prepared at all times&nbsp; to alter the flight path if necessary. If, for example, they see a&nbsp; thunderstorm on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; they must first get the OK from air traffic&nbsp; control (ATC) to change their route. Clear air turbulence is another worry, and&nbsp; because it cannot be seen on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots rely upon the information provided by&nbsp; pilots flying the same route ahead of them. When&nbsp;&nbsp; flying across oceans such as the Atlantic, one&nbsp; pilot's job is to communicate with the ATC while&nbsp;&nbsp; the other monitors a common air-to-air frequency&nbsp; that pilots use to communicate with each other. The entire time a flight is&nbsp; in the air, the pilots monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; all kinds of gauges to ensure that the&nbsp; plane performs how it is supposed to. Making sure that the temperature of the fuel&nbsp; is not too cold is another thing pilots must&nbsp;&nbsp; monitor. If the fuel cools down too much,&nbsp; its flow can be restricted due to waxing.&nbsp;&nbsp; If this happens, pilots can rectify&nbsp; the situation by descending, or by&nbsp;&nbsp; increasing the aircraft's speed (and,&nbsp; thus, its skin temperature). However,&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn't a particularly frequent occurrence,&nbsp; as engine oil helps fuel to retain heat. While one of the pilots monitors all the&nbsp; gauges, the other will be busy taking care&nbsp;&nbsp; of the paperwork. Before the flight, the&nbsp; pilots are given a written flight plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Anything that deviates from this&nbsp; must be written down as notes. Outside of these important activities,&nbsp; long-haul flying can be very boring for pilots.&nbsp;&nbsp; During cruise phases, pilots will often pass&nbsp; the time by making small talk with one another,&nbsp;&nbsp; or doing some reading. Smartphone games and&nbsp; good old fashioned crossword puzzles might be&nbsp;&nbsp; additional forms of entertainment&nbsp; found on the flight deck. Finally, just like passengers,&nbsp; enjoying inflight meals&nbsp;&nbsp; is another part of the long-haul pilot experience. The pilots typically wait until the passengers&nbsp; have been served and then eat separately.&nbsp;&nbsp; They do this so that there is&nbsp; always one person at the controls. For long flights over twelve hours, there&nbsp; are one or two relief pilots onboard&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the two pilots who performed the&nbsp; takeoff can take a break and get some rest. There are just two pilots on shorter&nbsp; long-haul flights of eight or nine&nbsp;&nbsp; hours. The only opportunity they get to&nbsp; leave their seats and stretch their legs&nbsp;&nbsp; is when they go to the bathroom. Did you know about these long-haul duties and&nbsp; activities? Let us know by leaving a comment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TATCHIWONG [2 likes]: Tgey play POKERMON😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  2. @boogie4943 [1 likes]: I'm a pilot. All I did was get blown by heaps of sexy air hostesses. If it was a long haul flight, I'd join the mile high club.😁🤣
  3. @sakredcow [1 likes]: the mile high club...
  4. @unnamedchannel1237 [1 likes]: I used to play candy crush
  5. @AjF392 [1 likes]: Flyers don't pass the time, they LOG the time. 😎
  6. @Boody617: They take turns sucking each other’s cocks
  7. @Xxxx-d4z: THEY ABOUT THEIR FLIGHT ATTENDANTS ALWAYS.
  8. @Ckeete: When I was a pilot, my co-pilot and I once had “fart wars” to pass time.  Don’t ask.
  9. @Velocity8842: Found ts again
  10. @Ze0do0Gas: I hope both pilots don't eat the fish dish
  11. @Ilebuda: I have heard about other activities.
  12. @williamoleary1410: Pass the time? They better be fully focused on every detail of the flight until they land.
  13. @Patriotalliance: Typically they just bitch about pay, schedule and seniority. Ask me how I know...
  14. @shortstoryteller-i5p: We know one thing for sure. They do not endure themselves playing gambling apps to pass the time.  😅
  15. @RammingSpeed-lk8kk: Probably play Microsofy Flight Simulator
  16. @dougmarshall4010: There is a heat exchanger whereby hot oil from the engine keeps fuel at optimal temperature at cruise altitude. It’s all automatic. They put the autopilot on. Any malfunction brings up a visual and audible alarm. They don’t have to do much. At 35,000 feet, there is very little weather to worry about. No rain, no icing, just clear air turbulence.
  17. @austinteutsch: I had an old classmate of mind who flew from LaGuadia to Heathrow, did a layover and then blew back over a 2.5 day.  He ran that route for 13 years and he told me of one co-pilot of his who took a flight attendant into the bathroom, screwed her, and then returned to his seat.  He said that pilot was doing that on almost every run.  Talk about stress reduction!
  18. @ΝικοςΣοφικιτης-λ9φ: Yeahh…right
  19. @willpcs3453: Political discussion keeps you awake.
  20. @pppexplorer: What are the pilots doing during turbulence, especially if it gets severe?

- Pro-Pilot Playbook PODCAST #13 // Family Life of a Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I welcome to the pro pilot playbook podcast I'm like no I'm Shawn today we wanted to make a podcast that could kind of help on some other misconceptions or just provide some general information people getting started in aviation maybe wanting to embark in a career on aviation which is what we're all about but a question we get asked a lot is people are curious of what what is family life like for a pilot you know I know a lot of you may not have a family yet but you want one or you may be looking at second career and you already have a family and you know your significant other or yourself might be like you know I got kids I'm not sure this is gonna be good for my relationship I you know pilots are gone all the time and you know it's very demanding and what if something breaks at the house and I'm not here and and we wanted to talk a little bit about that and what what it's like for us cuz we've been doing this a combined 50 years right we both have children yep yeah yeah those two yeah we both have two young boys and yeah a wife at home and and I got to tell you Mike this topic I love talking about this because I think it's if they get surprising to people it's kind of the exact opposite of what people think yeah I would say too I would say guaranteed particularly if you have small kids that aren't in school on a regular schedule you're gonna be home way more way more way more than a person with a nine-to-five job I mean it's it almost becomes a joke in our house you know cuz I'll I'll be at home for two weeks straight ya know and my wife is asking me so you ever gonna go back to work or what I'm at home driving her crazy yeah yeah a lot of pilots their wives they have full-time jobs and they're actually the childcare they basically you have exactly someone that can fill in like a parent or something if they have a trip but they you know they watch the kids on a regular basis you know so yeah are you gonna miss some things you know yeah you may not be able to control your off time is much depending on the type of operation that you're at but you're gonna be home a lot more absolutely even if you are in a full-blown airline position you know flying the line somewhere your typical your your time off is greater than any of your counterparts that are some accountants or something somewhere yeah yeah and not only that but when you do get to go on vacation yeah using some of that time off you know now you have all those hotel points and travel benefits through the airlines that you can be dragging your family around the world on yeah my my boys are 12 and they've been to some incredible places that they probably done more traveling than you know most dirtiest already at this point yeah so yeah that's a huge perk and you know I would say I mean I work I'm a corporate pilot as you guys might learn there's a you can read listen to episode zero or something it talks a little bit more about our backgrounds but I work between a it varies but between eight and twelve days a month that is generally what I do so if you look at a lot of those are day trips so I'm either leaving or returning on a flight so I'm home typically either that morning or that evening when I disembark on those trips so you know a normal person right if you work 9:00 to 5:00 you work twenty days a month right I'm half that right now granted yeah you are gone and you might not be able to control the exact days you're gone but the quantity of time that you're home is a lot higher than a normal person sure and you know there are many times as corporate pilots you know I I get to bring my family along with me yeah or if I'm going somewhere fun that I know I'm gonna be there a few days all airline them in but when I say they go along with me it's been many times my wife has been invited on the private jet with the family I'm flying because we're going to the Bahamas for the weekend or something and you know I got to stay down there so they invite my wife to come along yes that's happened a few times quite a few times and if you're an airline pilot you know you remember it's not just you get travel benefits but your family doesn't also so absolutely you know they may be on a meet you some places also when you're when you're an airline pilot and you know the company's already paying for your accommodation so once your family gets there that's free any hotel yeah yeah so it it's there's definitely a lot of perks there and I would say you know if you think if you think it's gonna cause problems with your marriage it might be from you being home too much exactly yeah that's exactly this thing I was trying to say at the beginning of this but you know as far as problems with marriage here's something and this is this is kind of a little side thing I've had this conversation with my wife before you know there there's also something that happens if you're one of these pilots that travel out of town maybe you do a couple of two or three-day trips a month where you're gone for three days you know giving them a break from European there for two weeks when you come home from being gone three days you know it's fun for everybody yeah everybody's happy everything's reconnected and fired back up again I don't know there's magic in that - yeah absolutely in yeah you know it's even going with let's go out to dinner let's do this whatever so it kind of re-energizes the the family unit I guess a little bit there's there's something there yeah absolutely yeah but to get into not pursuing being a professional pilot because you think that equals time away from your family is a huge misconception and that would be a wrong way to look at any of this right right and if you have a significant other that is concerned about that I'd encourage them to you know maybe listen to this podcast or some of our other content the pro pilot playbook that that gets into this more deeply but right it's one of the objections when we were you know working to sell our program right no playbook you know people I can't be I don't want to be away from home that much absolutely actually you're gonna be home annoying your wife more yeah and when you're not home do you like Palm Beach in February exact when you do go to work your job is like a vacation right right so yeah helps everybody outfit right but yeah again the pro pilot PlayBook comm is our website where our mission is to help people get started in aviation and do it as quickly and as cheaply as possible and take advantage of this pilot shortage that were in the midst of that we wish we had at the beginning of our career right so if we can help you in any way please drop us an email at its podcast at Pro pilot playbook calm yep we'd love to hear from you

  Top Comments:
  1. @flynhwn15 [10 likes]: Flying with the Airlines over the last 20 years, I agree that since I've been with a major airline, I've spent an absurd amount of time at home. Full disclosure: I am lazy and bid accordingly. During my time with the regionals and my cargo job, I spent more time on the road than my current airline. My cargo job sometimes had me on the road for up to 36 days. However, my wife and I were in our early 20s and had no kids, so it wasn't that bad, and we took advantage of the extended time I had off when I got home. The regional life for me was ok when I was senior but sucked when I was junior, as it should. But since being hired 11 years ago by my current employer, I've spent much more time at home than at work, and my seniority hasn't had as much of an effect on the amount of time I had off, more so just when that time off might be. Living in a domicile and bidding reserve is one of my most significant benefits. I logged about 200 hours over the last 18 months, allowing me to be a stay-at-home Dad and a part-time pilot. My kids will only be young once, and I want to enjoy as much of their childhood as possible.
  2. @AxylusMaximus [5 likes]: This is setting me on fire to be a pilot even more.
  3. @choppyhen [5 likes]: Does this apply to commercial airline pilots as well? That's really what I'm looking into, and my fiance is concerned about being away too much because we really just enjoy and prioritize spending time together, especially as we look at starting a family
  4. @cb77153 [2 likes]: Any recommendations in what to look for when starting out to have this type of work life balance? I’ve heard several people mention rarely being home, with wives or children advising against being a pilot.
  5. @victoriamonet1117 [2 likes]: I wish there was a woman perspective on this! I’m currently in flight school.
  6. @coolkids659 [2 likes]: But then.. be honest on what you do on your layover.. as a flight attendant I’ve seen too much
  7. @Whiteviper23 [1 likes]: But how many days are you typically gone at a time? I know you said you’re typically back for 2 weeks but are you gone like 3 days then back home for a couple weeks?
  8. @paytonmoore611 [1 likes]: this is really helpful im 16 and im going into my senior year  and i am dead set on being a pilot
  9. @jeffsmith7840 [1 likes]: How is the money.  I e always been intrigued with flying.  I’m a lineman and work about 50-60 hrs a week and make about 215k. Is that reasonable to think you can make that without working insane hours
  10. @phanvy-d3t: You qua lay 435mm
  11. @nb3627: A Seafarer here doing 4 weeks on ship and 4 weeks off considering Flying for better family life .What do you think is it a good idea?
  12. @danmanusos5445: They don’t talk about how bad it is if you choose or are forced to commute to your airline trips.  Even if you live in the hub, unless you are on International Reserve, you’re life will suck.   

These guys are full of shit.
  13. @rhal_network: Hey dear , I'm Ray Hermann Angossio Liwa and I'm looking to become a Pilot as a career for a decent salary and I'm open to any advice, actually I moving forward with the Cirrus Approach School to get ready for the Private Pilot Program . But at this I succeed to have cirrus certificate like Engine Management Course, CAPS Course, Cirrus Flight Training Primer and others . I will appreciate your advice...
  14. @michaelgreen5071: Obviously living in base vs commuting is a huge variable. 
It is a very difficult commuting.
  15. @Dogdays984: Please state the actual divorce rate (it's huge) Pilot careers are not for married men. These guys are sugar coating the actual experience. Pilot/Long Haul truck driver....same thing.
  16. @hulasenorita: Does this apply to the commercial airline pilots too?
  17. @Jake-be9ji: Amazing
  18. @MalShakur: Struggling with this now as I'm looking to change careers after taking a 20 year hiatus from flight training.  GF thinks I'm going to be banging all the women.  Never cheated on her once.
  19. @turkeysandwich9814: Is your podcast on spotify
  20. @coolkids659: Same goes for flight attendants

- No FD Takeoff Procedure | Airbus A320 Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we will discuss no FDs takeoff. Normally, pilots are trained to perform takeoff with FDS on. This is standard day-to-day airline operation. It is important to understand why FDS are used and what to do when they are not available. FDS provide clear visual guidance to the pilot. They give pitch and bank commands on the primary flight display. During takeoff, workload is high. Pilots must monitor speed, thrust, runway tracking, and aircraft altitude. FDS reduce this workload. They remove the need for mental calculation, and crew simply follows the command bars. This helps achieve the correct takeoff speed and the correct initial climb path. Since takeoff is a critical phase of flight, the focus should be on procedure execution, not on thinking or calculating. Wondering why no FD's takeoff is still important? Over time, pilots become dependent on flight directors. With frequent use, the basic technique of flying without FD guidance can be forgotten. However, no FD's takeoff may still be required. This can be due to male requirements, system failures, or procedural constraints. In such cases, the pilot must fly the aircraft in basic modes. This video will help you quickly recall the NOFD's takeoff technique if such a situation arises. Let first focus on what changes during a NOFD's takeoff. During a NOFD's takeoff, there is no vertical or lateral guidance. The pilot must manually manage pitch, speed, bank angle, navigation, and thrust. Auto thrust guidance linked to SRS is also not available. The aircraft must be flown manually using basic pitch and power principles. This requires higher alertness and discipline. Plan no FDs takeoff. For a plan no FDs takeoff, there is a simple way to remember the procedure. The pneummonic is SAF. S for speed. Select climb speed. The default speed is 100 knots. D for thrust. Set thrust levers to climb to tent. A for auto thrust. Activate auto thrust. F for flight directors. Turn on the flight directors. Once selected on, FDs will operate in basic modes such as heading and vertical speed. This completes the no FD's takeoff procedure. There is another scenario to consider. If both flight directors fail after takeoff has commenced, the FD bars disappear during the takeoff run. The FCU speed window will display a target speed. This speed will be V2 or current speed, whichever is higher. Auto thrust remains armed. At thrust reduction altitude, lever climb will flash. The pilot must set thrust levers to climb again. Apply the STAF procedure. Select speed. Set thrust. Activate auto thrust. Turn on flight directors. At acceleration altitude, the target speed will not automatically increase. The pilot must manually accelerate to green dot or clean configuration speed. Another important case is takeoff with no V2 entered in the FMGC. If V2 is not inserted, SRS will not engage. 5 seconds after liftoff, vertical speed mode engages and the current speed becomes the FCU target speed. In this case, the aircraft must be flown manually. Speed must be selected manually at acceleration altitude and an appropriate vertical mode must be selected such as vertical speed or open climb. Lateral mode will depend on FMGC or FCU selection. Managed NAV or selected heading. Remember this clearly. SRS is linked to V2. No V2 entry means no SRS guidance. Flight directors simplify takeoff but pilots must remain capable of flying without them. No FD takeoff is about discipline, basic flying skills, correct use of procedures. Understanding these scenarios ensures safe aircraft handling when automation is unavailable. If you liked the video, please don't forget to like, share, and subscribe to our

- The Four Golden Rules Inside Airbus's Fly-by-Wire Philosophy.: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, let's jump right in. We're going beyond just the hardware today, really diving deep into the the core operating principles for the entire Airbus fly-by-wire family, you know, the A320s, the 330s, all the way up to the A380. And our mission here really is to get at the philosophy behind it all. How does Airbus make sure the design, the procedures, the pilots how does it all work together for success on such different planes? And what's really striking is that it is one unified concept. Airbus always puts safety first, then passenger comfort, then efficiency. Always in that order. >> That order is key. >> Absolutely. It shapes every design decision, every procedure. Uh the whole system is built around making sure those three things mesh perfectly with the pilot working inside this well carefully managed flight environment. >> structure dictates everything. And for the pilots themselves, it boils down to these four golden rules of flight operation. Rule number one, the big one, fly, navigate, communicate, FNC. Yeah, FNC. That's the absolute bedrock, especially for crew resource management in an Airbus. Fly first, then navigate, then communicate. It's non-negotiable. They really hammer that home, don't they? Fly the aircraft, fly the aircraft. >> Exactly. It forces that task sharing right away. The pilot flying, the PF, they focus on control. And the pilot non-flying, the PNF, their job is active monitoring. Constantly scanning, ready to flag any deviation, any problem. >> And if the PNF does see something, that takes us to rule two, doesn't it? Use the appropriate level of automation. >> Precisely. Automation's there to help, you know, reduce workload, especially when things get busy. But, and this is critical, pilot judgment always comes first. >> So, you don't have to use it. >> Not at all. It's a tool. The pilots have to understand what level they're choosing, select it deliberately, and this is crucial, confirm the plane's actually doing what they expect, whether that's autopilot, flight guidance, or deciding, "Nope, I'm taking it manual." And confirming that expectation versus reality, that's rule three, understand the FMA at all times. The FMA being the flight mode annunciator, that little display showing what the automation is actually doing. >> You got it. The FMA is maybe the single most vital tool to prevent mode confusion, which can be really dangerous. It's how the crew verifies the machine is following their intent. So, it's not enough just to glance at it. >> No, the rule is specific. Monitored, announced, confirmed, and understood. The announced and confirmed part forces them to talk to each other to make sure both pilots are on the same page about the aircraft's current logic. Which leads nicely into rule four, take action if things do not go as expected. This is about intervention. >> Exactly. If you're the pilot flying, you might change the automation level or just click off the autopilot and fly manually. But what about the pilot non-flying, the PNF, if they see a problem? >> That's where the human factors get baked right into the procedure. The PNF has a clear sequence, question, challenge, takeover, QCTO. QCTO, sounds serious. It is. And it's not just a suggestion, it's a required intervention. If the PSF seems to be breaking rule one, you know, not flying the aircraft properly, or if there's a really dangerous deviation happening, it formalizes the need for the PNF to step in, overcoming that natural hesitation to challenge a colleague. Okay, so those are the golden rules, so the procedural framework. Now, how does the actual physical cockpit design support all this? Because the layout seems really focused on simplifying things, boosting awareness, and making it easier to switch between different Airbus types. Yeah. The whole philosophy is about smart organization. Where controls are placed isn't random. It's about importance, how often you use them, how easy they are to reach. >> Like the overhead panel. Perfect example. It uses that cascade arrangement. Say you're dealing with engine one, all its related systems, lights, electrical, fuel, fire protection, they're all lined up vertically. Cuts down search time, especially under pressure. Makes sense. And the glare shield, too, right? With auto flight controls. Exactly. Those short-term tactile controls are right there, heads up. So, you're not looking down to change modes during critical phases. >> And the main displays, PFD, ND, ECAM, they seem pretty clean. >> Very clean. Primary flight display for flying, navigation display for route, and the ECAM, electronic centralized aircraft monitor, for systems. But the real genius is in the operating concepts they layer on top. You mean like the dark cockpit idea? Precisely. The basic idea is if a system is on and working normally, its push button shows no white light. A white light pops on, that means something's changed, something needs attention. It guides your scan by exception. Clever. So, you only look at what's not normal. >> Right. And that's helped by the color coding, too. Green is normal, amber's advisory, red means a failure or warning. It's instant information. Plus, the need-to-see concept on the ECAM. Which means? It only shows you detailed system info or schematics if they're actually relevant to your current flight phase or if there's a failure. It avoids flooding you with unnecessary data. Less clutter, less cognitive load, and moving towards a less paper cockpit helps, too, I imagine. Electronic documents instead of bulky manuals. >> Definitely. Easier access, searching, updates. It all feeds into streamlining the process, which ties right into the heart of modern Airbus design, fly-by-wire. >> Ah, yes, FBW. This is where things get really different from traditional planes. Uh-huh. >> No more direct mechanical links, right? >> Correct. Removing those cables and pulleys saves weight, increases reliability, and most importantly, enables this whole layer of safety protection. So, the pilot isn't directly moving the control surfaces anymore. How does that work? It's a shift from direct control to what's called re-command. Basically, the pilot's input on the side stick tells the flight control computers, "I want this pitch rate or I want this bank angle." The computers then figure out the exact surface movements needed. >> And the control law defines that relationship between the stick input and the plane's response. >> Exactly. The control law is the relationship, but it's also the fundamental safety net. >> The safety net? How so? It means the computers won't let the pilot exceed the certified flight envelope. Even if you slam the stick fully forward or pull it fully back, the system provides protection. Pitch attitude protection, load factor limits, bank angle limits, stall protection, overspeed protection. They're all built in. That's a huge philosophical shift. The system handles the absolute limits, letting the pilot focus on the mission. >> That's the core idea. Manage the mission, not the raw physics. Okay, let's talk about that side stick itself. It's iconic Airbus ergonomic, great view. But what's the biggest mental shift for a pilot coming from a traditional yoke? Well, it's the lack of direct physical feedback and the fact the sticks aren't interconnected mechanically. When the autopilot's engaged, the side sticks are locked neutral. They don't move like a yoke would. >> So, no fighting the autopilot. >> Right. And you could disconnect it instantly just by pressing the takeover push button or applying firm pressure on the stick. But the real challenge or potential issue is the dual input scenario. Ah, the source mentions inputs are algebraically added. What does that actually mean in the cockpit if both pilots push the stick at once? >> It means um the computers literally add the inputs together. If one pilot pushes left a bit and the other pushes right a bit, the command sent to the surfaces is the sum of those two forces. It's a situation you absolutely have to avoid. >> How do they avoid it? There's an immediate loud audio warning, "Dual input", and a visual cue. And crucially, procedure dictates only one pilot flies at a time. Plus, either pilot can instantly cancel the other's input by pressing the red takeover push button on their own stick. It's a direct link back to intervening, like in rule four. That warning is vital then, because unlike a shared yoke, the PNF can't see what the PF is doing with their hands. They have to rely purely on instruments and callouts. >> Exactly. The visual cue of hand position is gone. It puts even more emphasis on verbal communication and rigorous monitoring of the FMA and the flight path. And this kind of indirect control, this reliance on monitoring systems, is also really apparent with the auto thrust, the ATHR. Right, the ATHR. And the big counterintuitive thing here, the thrust levers don't move by themselves. >> Yes. This is a huge one. It's a known challenge for pilots transitioning. When the ATHR system changes the engine thrust, say, reducing from climb power to cruise power, the physical levers in the cockpit stay put, usually in the CLB detent, the climb setting. So, the lever position doesn't match the actual engine power. >> Correct. There's no direct tactile feedback. You can't just feel where the power is set, like on older planes. >> Wow. So, how do pilots avoid making a mistake like thinking they have power when they don't, especially in a critical phase like a go-around? >> Total reliance on instrumentation and procedure. They must check the FMA to see the active thrust mode, is it speed mode, thrust climb, what is it? And they watch the energy cues on the PFD, especially the speed trend vector, that little arrow showing where the speed is heading in the next few seconds. >> So, it forces active energy management, not just setting levers. Precisely. You manage the energy state, constantly cross-checking the FMA and the speed trend against what you expect. It demands higher vigilance because that tactile cue is gone. That vigilance makes sense given the layers of automation. You mentioned the flight control loop, the autopilot loop, and the flight management loop. Right, three levels. The basic control laws are always there. Then you have the autopilot for short-term guidance and the flight management system for the long-term navigation and planning. This layered approach needs structured procedures to match. >> And Airbus structures those procedures by situation, right? Normal, special, abnormal, emergency. >> Yeah, keeps things consistent across the different planes. The standard operating procedures, the SOPs, are built for normal flight, assuming systems work and automation is used. They follow the flight phases chronologically, designed to be memorable through scans and action flows. But does that structure ever feel too rigid? What happens when reality doesn't quite fit the SOP? Well, that's always the tension, isn't it? Between following the procedure and exercising judgment. The SOP is the baseline, the expected way, but the pilot is always the final authority. But when things properly go wrong, you move into abnormal or emergency procedures. And those are prioritized? Definitely. If the aircraft senses the failure like an engine fire or a major electrical problem, the ECAM system prioritizes the warnings and the corresponding checklist. It tells you what's most critical first. But what about things the plane can't sense, like severe turbulence? That still relies entirely on the crew noticing, analyzing, and deciding on the right action. And for the absolute most urgent situations, there's the memory item concept. >> Memory items, things you have to do instantly from memory. Exactly. Things like the wind shear escape maneuver, pulling up and applying TOGA power. There's no time to pull out a checklist. You act first, then you might look at the paper or the screen. It's for immediate, life-threatening situations. So even with all this structure, all of this design, human error can still creep in. The sources mention automation complacency. It's a constant risk. Blindly trusting the automation or getting confused about what mode it's in mode. Confusion, that's where things can unravel. The automation is there to help, but the pilot, the human, is still the ultimate backup system. >> Losing that backup role because you're too trusting of the machine, that's losing [clears throat] a huge safety barrier. Absolutely huge, which is why the core prevention tactic drilled into crews constantly is cross-check the computer information with raw data. What does that mean in practice? It means don't just trust the magenta line on the navigation display, check it against the actual VOR bearing or the ADF needle. Don't just trust the managed speed target. Look at the angle of attack, you look at the raw speed tape. Compare the computed result with some independent fundamental information. That habit, that cross-check, is the final defense. >> It's a critical defense against subtle system issues or unnoticed mode changes. You can't just assume the fancy display is right, you verify. Okay. So, wrapping this up, the success of this whole Airbus philosophy really seems to hinge on those three things working together perfectly. The advanced, protected aircraft itself with FBW and the control laws. The really rigorous, structured procedures like the SOPs and those critical memory items. >> And crucially, the well-trained crew sticking to those golden rules, especially that active monitoring by the pilot non-flying. Yeah, it's a system that tries to manage inherent complexity by streamlining how the pilot interacts with it. The goal is to reduce the potential for error through structure, through redundancy, making flight safer and more predictable across the board. So it really changes the pilot's role from wrestling with the physics to managing the overall system. That's a good way to put it. All right, let's leave our listeners with something to think about. In a system that's so meticulously designed to prevent errors with these defined roles, PF, PNF, the strict F&C priority, the QCTO intervention for taking over, what do you think is the biggest psychological hurdle for a crew? Is it that slow creep of complacency, just trusting the automation too much day in day out? Or is it that incredibly tough, split-second judgment call? When do you actually break from the procedure, take manual control, and do something different because the situation demands it? Which challenge weighs heavier?

- Ensuring Safety for Single-Pilot Operations: Kind: captions Language: en Brad Pierce: OK, the bird looks good. It looks absolutely great to fly right now. Hi everybody. I'm Raquel Rodriguez with NBAA TV. Right now we're 15,000 feet up in the air, taking a closer look and how single pilots navigate the skies. VO: It first begins on the ground. Just checking all of the leading edge of the wing here, all the surfaces.... All is looking good here. VO: Brad Pearce, the president of Restaurant Equipment World, uses his Cirrus SR22 Turbo all the time for business. So much so, that he's getting ready to transition into the Cirrus Vision Jet SF50. Pierce: So the aircraft is a vital tool in my business. It's like a forklift in my warehouse. It's a tool that I use to get business done. Since the beginning of this year I've flown my aircraft on 125 flights for business. VO: Safety though is still his number one concern. We don't skimp on training. We don't skimp on maintenance. We don't skimp on buying the absolute best aircraft. Pierce: As a single pilot, I rely heavily on automation. So many of the systems in modern-day aircraft are automated that I'm able to utilize the Garmin avionics system here and it tells me a lot of the information. It monitors things that make my workload as a pilot much easier. VO: According to the NBAA-BACE Single-Pilot Safety Standdown session There were 1,982 single-pilot business aviation accidents and incidents from 2010 to 2017. Pierce: We see people get into trouble when they push themselves, When they're not quite ready to be at that level yet. VO: Pierce says nowadays with all the automated systems, flying single-pilot is dramatically safer. Pierce: The airplane is flying itself. The autopilot is doing all of the work. You're really in a role almost just as a co-pilot, monitoring the systems and ensuring that all the systems are doing precisely what you told them to do. To find more resources on business aviation safety, go to NBAA.org/ops/safety. For NBAA TV, I'm Raquel Rodriguez.

- How Pilot Fatigue Contributes to Aviation Disasters l Pilot's Mood in Danger Situation !!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our Channel today we have an important topic to discuss that is often overlooked but is crucial for the safety of everyone who flies we're diving into a crucial topic that affects aviation's safety pilot fatigue this issue is not just about Pilots feeling a bit tired it's a complex problem that can have serious implications Pilots are human beings and like all of us they need adequate rest to function at their best fatigue can impair a pilot's ability to make quick decisions react to emergencies and even perform routine tasks stay tuned as we break down the science behind pilot fatigue and its impact on Aviation safety we'll explore how lack of sleep affects cognitive functions reaction times and overall performance join us as we take a comprehensive look at Pilot fatigue its causes its effects and the solutions being implemented to keep our skies safe imagine you're a pilot hundreds of lives in your hands facing an emergency the pressure is immense and every decision is critical your training has prepared you but fatigue is a factor that training can't always overcome maybe it's an engine failure or a sudden system malfunction these scenarios demand full attention and quick precise actions the alarms are blaring and the cockpit is filled with flashing lights fatigue clouds your judgment your eyelids feel heavy your mind is sluggish and every action feels like it's happening in slow motion the mental fog makes it hard to focus you might miss crucial details or misinterpret information the instruments blur together and the data becomes a confusing jumble impaired decision-making can lead to incorrect actions potentially worsening the situation a wrong button press or a delayed reaction can escalate the emergency in aviation even small mistakes have huge consequences fatigue isn't just a personal challenge it's a serious safety risk ensuring Pilots are well-rested is critical for Aviation safety now let's talk about reaction time when you're fatigued your responses slow down it's like your brain is lagging struggling to keep up with the demands of flying a complex aircraft in an emergency situation every second counts a delayed reaction even by a few seconds can make a critical difference think about a situation where a pilot needs to avoid a sudden obstacle or react to an unexpected change in air traffic fatigue can mean the difference between a safe outcome and potential disaster the impact of fatigue is not just about feeling tired it affects decision-making and situational awareness Pilots must be alert and ready to respond instantly to any situation ensuring Pilots are well rested is crucial for maintaining safety in the skies one of the most important aspects of flying is situational awareness knowing what's happening around you at all times but fatigue reduces your ability to process information and maintain main that crucial awareness it's like having tunnel vision you might miss important cues like altitude changes approaching weather systems or even other aircraft in your vicinity this reduced awareness can lead to dangerous situations especially in busy airspace or during critical phases of flight Pilots must be vigilant and well rested to ensure safety fatigue management is crucial to prevent Aviation disasters poor judgment and risk-taking pushing the limits we all know that flying requires careful judgment and calculated risk assessment but fatigue can impair your ability to make sound decisions you might underestimate the severity of a problem thinking you can push through it or you might make riskier choices that you wouldn't make when well rested this can lead to Pilots taking unnecessary chances like flying into deteriorating weather conditions or continuing a flight despite mechanical issues fatigue can Cloud judgment making Pilots believe they can handle more than they actually can ensuring Pilots are well rested is crucial for safe flight operations Sops skipping the essentials Aviation relies heavily on standard operating procedures or Sops these procedures are meticulously designed to ensure safety and efficiency in every flight operation but fatigue can lead to skill fade a decline in your ability to perform tasks accurately fatigue is common in aviation often caused by long hours and irregular schedules you might skip steps misinterpret checklists or rush through them this can happen when a pilot is overconfident or too tired to focus this deviation from Sops increases the risk of human error a major contributor to Aviation incidents continuous training and reinforcement of Sops are essential to combat skill fade and ensure safety ultimately adherence to Sops minimizes human error and enhances Aviation [Music] safety now let's talk about a particularly frightening phen phenomenon micro sleep these are brief involuntary lapses in Consciousness that can last for just a few seconds you might not even realize it's happening but during a micro sleep you're effectively asleep at the controls fatigue significantly increases the risk of micro sleep episodes especially during monotonous phases of flight or at night even a few seconds of unconsciousness can have catastrophic consequences especially during critical phases of flight Pilots must be vigilant and well rested to avoid these dangerous episodes awareness and proper rest are key to preventing micro sleep and ensuring flight safety pilot fatigue isn't just about a single sleepless night it's often the result of cumulative fatigue the buildup of tiredness over time long duty hours time zone changes and insufficient rest all contribute to this cumulative effect imagine flying multiple Long Haul flights in a row crossing time zones and trying to adjust to new sleep schedules it takes a toll on your body and mind making you more susceptible to fatigue related errors the aviation industry is aware of these risks and has regulations in place to manage pilot fatigue however it's a constant challenge to balance safety with operational demands ensuring Pilots are well rested is crucial for maintaining safety in the skies our bodies operate on a natural sleep wake cycle known as the Circadian rhythm when we travel across multiple time zones our circadian rhythms are thrown out of whack this is what we call jet lag it's not just about feeling tired it actually disrupts our body's natural sleep patterns making it harder to stay alert especially during those critical night or early morning hours for Pilots this disruption can be particularly challenging as it affects their ability to function at their best when they need it most studies show that disrupted sleep can impair cognitive functions reaction times and decision-making skills this makes it crucial for Pilots to manage their sleep schedules and stay in sing with their circadian rhythms to ensure safety in the skies remember pilot fatigue is a serious issue that can lead to catastrophic consequences always ensure that Pilots are well rested and alert before every flight thanks for watching if you found this video helpful don't forget to like share and subscribe

- Episode 41: Learn about the Personal Pilots: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Welcome to season two of the Sam podcast. We'll be talking about careers this season with me, Mr. Sam. Today we're exploring a career that sounds glamorous, independent, and sometimes controversial, personal pilots. Joining me today is our special guest, Miss Olivia Turner, an aviation consultant who has worked closely with private aircraft owners and flight schools. Olivia, welcome to the show. >> Thank you so much, Mr. Sam. I'm really excited to talk about this topic. I think people misunderstand personal pilots quite a lot. >> Oh, I agree. And before we begin, let's tell our audience we're both smiling because this discussion might turn into a friendly argument. >> I'm ready for it. >> So, Olivia, when people hear personal pilot, they imagine a luxury lifestyle. Celebrities boarding private jets, business executives flying to meetings in different cities. Is that accurate? >> That's part of it. Yes. A personal pilot typically flies private aircraft for individuals, families, or corporations. Instead of flying hundreds of passengers like airline pilots, they fly a small group, sometimes just one person. >> So they work directly for a person or company. >> Exactly. Some are hired by wealthy individuals. Others work for corporate flight departments. For example, corporate jets like the Gulfream G650 or the Bombardier Global 7500 are commonly used in private aviation. >> Yes, those are top tier jets, but personal pilots also fly smaller aircraft like the Cessna Citation X. >> Let me challenge you right away. Many people think being a personal pilot is glamorous. Luxury hotels, VIP passengers, flexible schedules, but is that realistic? >> It can be glamorous, but it's not always. Yes, you might fly to beautiful destinations, but you also have long standby hours and unpredictable schedules. >> So, it's not just relaxing in five-star hotels. >> No, sometimes you wait for days while your employer finishes business meetings. >> That sounds less glamorous already. What kind of qualifications do personal pilots need? They usually start like any professional pilot earning a private pilot license, then a commercial pilot license, and often an airline transport pilot or ATP certification. >> So, similar to airline pilots in terms of licensing, >> yes, but personal pilots often need additional skills, discretion, communication, and flexibility. >> Discretion, >> absolutely. They may work for high-profile individuals. Confidentiality is essential. >> Here's my concern. Personal pilots serve wealthy individuals. Does this career mainly support luxury and privilege rather than public service? >> I knew you'd say that. >> Well, >> private aviation supports economic efficiency. Executives can reach remote locations quickly. That can help companies grow and create jobs. >> But couldn't they just fly commercial? >> Sometimes commercial flights don't reach certain locations or don't fit tight >> So, you're saying personal pilots provide flexibility and efficiency? Exactly. >> Describe a typical day. >> First, check weather reports. Then, inspect the aircraft carefully. Review flight plans. Coordinate with airport services. >> Yes. And safety is always the top priority. >> Do they handle more responsibilities than airline pilots? >> In some ways, yes. Personal pilots often manage flight planning, catering arrangements, and sometimes even luggage coordination. >> So, they multitask. >> Definitely. What about the relationship with the employer? >> It's more personal. You may fly the same family for years. Trust becomes very important. >> That could be good or stressful. >> Both. If the relationship is positive, it's rewarding. But if expectations are unrealistic, pressure increases. >> So, communication skills matter >> very much. >> Let's talk money. Are personal pilots well- paid? >> Yes, often very well. Especially if flying large business jets, salaries can be competitive with airline captains. >> So financially attractive. >> Yes. But benefits depend on the employer. >> So less standardized than airlines. >> Exactly. >> Airline pilots have scheduled routes. What about personal pilots? >> Schedules can change suddenly. If the employer decides to travel tomorrow, you must be ready. That's right. Sometimes you get short notice. >> That must make family life challenging. >> It can. Are personal pilots under the same safety regulations as airlines? >> Yes, aviation safety standards still apply. Aircraft maintenance is strictly regulated, >> but smaller aircraft sometimes face higher accident rates. Right. >> General aviation statistics show different risk patterns. Yes. But professional personal pilots are highly trained. >> So training reduces risk. >> Absolutely. >> Let's address environmental concerns. Private jets emit significant carbon per passenger. >> That's true. Environmental impact is an ongoing debate in private aviation. >> So does that make the career ethically complicated? >> Perhaps. But many companies are investing in sustainable aviation fuel and newer, more efficient aircraft. >> So the industry is evolving. >> Yes. >> How does someone become a personal pilot? >> Many start in flight schools, build flight hours, then move to charter companies. With experience, they may be hired directly by individuals or corporations. >> So experience is key. >> Very much so. What kind of personality traits are important? >> Professionalism, patience, adaptability, and calmness under pressure. >> Sounds demanding. >> It is. >> I still feel this career serves a small wealthy group rather than society. >> But economic growth benefits society too. >> Indirectly, >> yes, but indirectly still matters. >> I see your point, but I'm not fully convinced. >> That's why this is a debate. >> Do personal pilots feel the same pride as government or military pilots? Pride comes from professionalism and safety. Every safe landing is an achievement. That moment never gets old. >> Which is better, airline or personal? >> It depends on personality. Airlines offer structure. Personal aviation offers variety in close relationships. >> So, no clear winner >> exactly. >> Let me summarize my concerns. environmental impact, serving luxury markets, unpredictable schedules, >> and I'll summarize the advantages. Flexibility, strong income, closer professional relationships, and dynamic travel experiences. >> I admit personal pilots do more than I expected. >> They certainly do. >> Olivia, thank you for this energetic and honest conversation. >> Thank you, Mr. Sam. I really enjoyed our debate. To our listeners, if you're considering becoming a personal pilot, research the training requirements, understand the lifestyle, and reflect on what motivates you, stability or flexibility. Thank you for listening to the SAM podcast. Stay tuned for our next episode as we continue exploring fascinating careers in aviation and beyond. Goodbye everyone.

- A Single Dad Was Just a Commercial Pilot — Until F-22 Pilots Heard One Name on Radio: “Ghost Rider”: Kind: captions Language: en The sky over Nevada was painted in strokes of gold and blue that morning, the desert sun rising behind the jagged mountains like fire spilling over the horizon. Inside a commercial Boeing 737, Captain Aaron Whitlock gripped the yolk tighter than usual. His uniform was pressed, his voice calm, and his eyes focused, but behind that calm exterior was a storm no one could see. To the passengers, he was just a commercial pilot flying from Denver to San Diego. To the world, he was just another man in a crisp uniform. But to a handful of people in a distant air base, one name would soon shake the airwaves. A name they thought had been buried years ago, Ghost Rider. Before we go any further, if you believe in second chances, in kindness that changes lives, then take a moment to like, comment, share, and subscribe to Kindness Journal. Because this story, this one is about redemption, sacrifice, and the power of a father's love that refused to die. Aaron had once been one of the most respected Air Force pilots in the country. A man whose call sign ghost rider echoed through mission briefings with quiet reverence. He was the kind of pilot who could dance with death in the skies and come out smiling. But life has a way of humbling even the best. In 2012, during a classified operation overseas, an order went wrong. A miscommunication led to tragedy, one that cost innocent lives. Though the investigation later cleared him of wrongdoing, Aaron's conscience never did. He resigned, vanished from the Air Force, and reappeared years later as just another pilot wearing a commercial airline badge. He traded combat missions for flight schedules and war zones for terminal gates. At home, the house was quiet except for the laughter of a seven year old girl. his daughter Isa. She had his blue eyes and her late mother's smile. Every morning before heading to the airport, Aaron would braid her hair, make her pancakes shaped like airplanes, and leave sticky notes in her lunchbox that said things like, "You're my favorite co-pilot. She was the reason he kept breathing." After his wife's death during childbirth, Isa became his anchor in a life that often felt a drift. He never told her about Ghost Rider. To her, he was just Daddy, the man who flew big planes and came home smelling like coffee and jet fuel. But on that particular day, fate had other plans. At 32 0 feet, the flight was smooth until the cockpit warning light blinked amber cabin depressurization risk. It was a malfunction that could be corrected quickly, and Aaron handled it with precision. His voice even professional. He didn't panic. He never did. But what came next wasn't something any commercial pilot trained for. The onboard radar lit up with military aircraft signatures. Two F22 Raptors on an intercept course. Air traffic control scrambled, issuing new frequencies and requests for identification. Passengers were oblivious, sipping coffee while Aaron's cope pilot, a rookie named Ben, stammered at the sight of fighter jets approaching fast. The radio crackled with a crisp military voice. Unidentified aircraft. This is Falcon 1 of the US Air Force. You are entering restricted airspace. Identify yourself immediately. Ben froze. Aaron leaned forward, pressed the transmit button, and in a tone colder than steel said, "This is Ghost Rider requesting vector confirmation." There was silence, absolute silence on all frequencies. Then another voice came through lower, filled with disbelief. Say again, call sign. Aaron exhaled slowly. Ghost rider. Copy. The cockpit went dead quiet. Even the hum of the engines seemed to fade across the secure military channels. Disbelief rippled like thunder. The legend the pilot who had disappeared was now speaking from a commercial cockpit. and the men in the raptors, they had grown up hearing stories about him. One of them, Captain Miles Trent, had a photograph in his locker of Ghost Rider standing beside an F-15 back when he was a child watching his father serve under that same man. Now he was intercepting him in the air. Aaron didn't know it yet, but he had just changed the course of his life again. down below. The restricted airspace issue was being handled. A software glitch had misouted his civilian flight path. But in that short span of confusion, a dozen military control rooms came alive. They traced the voice print, verified it twice. It's him. One technician whispered, "It's ghost rider." That evening, after landing safely, Aaron walked through the terminal like any other pilot. He smiled at passengers, thanked the crew, and went home to Isa. But as he tucked her in, his phone buzzed with a restricted number. He didn't want to answer, but something told him to. Aaron Whitlock. The voice said, "This is Colonel James Cutter, US Air Force Command. We need to talk." Aaron's heart sank. That name doesn't exist anymore, he said quietly. The colonel's voice softened. Maybe, but Ghost Rider just saved 142 lives up there today. We'd like to know how. It turned out that while Aaron's flight computer had glitched, his quick manual recalibration done from muscle memory had prevented a catastrophic descent. The data showed he performed a maneuver that wasn't even taught in commercial aviation. It was something only a few Air Force pilots knew how to execute. Cutter wanted him back not as a fighter pilot, but as a mentor for a new program training young pilots to handle crisis situations in civil aviation. Aaron hesitated. Returning meant facing the ghosts of his past, the ones he had buried with his Air Force uniform. But when Isa found him staring at the old photo of his squadron that night, she said softly, "Daddy, were you a hero once?" He looked at her for a long time before whispering, "I tried to be." The next morning he drove to Nellie's Air Force base, the desert wind tugging at the edges of his resolve. The hangers stood like sleeping giants, and when he walked in, silence fell. Men who had only heard stories about Ghost Rider stood up straighter. Cutter met him halfway, offering a firm handshake. "Welcome back, sir," he said. Over the next months, Aaron trained pilots not in combat, but in control, teaching them that precision and calm could save lives in any sky. Among them was Captain Miles Trent, the young F22 pilot who had intercepted him. The two developed an unspoken bond respect born of shared skies and quiet admiration. But life as always had one more test to give. 6 months later, a freak weather system crippled the power grid in the western states. Communication towers went down, radar systems flickered, and chaos spread through the skies. Aaron was aboard a small private training jet with a new recruit guiding him through instrument failure drills when the real storm hit. Lightning cracked through the clouds and their systems went blind. Ground control couldn't reach them. The recruit panicked, shouting through static, but Aaron stayed calm, his voice steady. Fly by feel. Trust your instincts, he said. Meanwhile, in the control tower, Miles recognized the last radio ping. "It's him," he whispered. "Ghost riders in the storm. He and two other pilots scrambled into their F-22s, slicing through the chaos to reach him. For 2 hours, the storm raged. The world below didn't know that one man was out there keeping his student alive while risking his own life." When the fuel warning light blinked red, Aaron made a choice. He guided the rookie toward an airirstrip's faint lights and stayed behind, circling just long enough to ensure his student made it down safely. The last radar contact showed a blip disappearing behind thunderclouds. Rescue teams found the wreckage miles away. The plane was destroyed, but somehow, impossibly, Aaron was alive, battered, bleeding, but alive. When asked later why he stayed up there, he said, "Because someone once stayed up there for me." That night, as he lay in the hospital, Isa climbed onto his bed, clutching his hand. "You are a hero, Daddy," she whispered. And for the first time in years, Aaron believed it. The Air Force reinstated his service record with honor, marking his name, not under combat achievements, but under service to humanity. He never returned to combat again. He didn't need to. His new mission was bigger than war. It was hope. So when people hear about the day F-22 pilots heard the name Ghost Rider on a civilian frequency, they remember it not as a mystery, but as a story of redemption, a reminder that some legends don't die, they just change their wings. If this story touched your heart, please like, share, and subscribe to Kindness Journal. Your support helps us share more real stories of courage, love, and second chances. And before we end, take a moment to comment below. What does redemption mean to you? Because somewhere out there, another ghost rider is waiting for a reason to believe

- Pilot surprises parents on flight: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] remember very good afternoon sister I'll be fine so I changed fire whoever was flying it and I just tend to use a surprise by making announcement if I was like happy yes I made the announcement and I was expecting her to like hope I didn't see anything wrong with you nothing I'm sorry nothing's happening I just saw my dad weaving I realized that my dear mother was in the toilet I heard his voice as he this raises voice I used to tell him reach for the sky it's like you very great very problem my family you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alejandro555-5 [1 likes]: THIS FUCCKKINGGG MELTED MY HEART
  2. @Liz-zu8zh [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  3. @danielbigtiger: I should opt this airline because airfares are so much affordable than long hauls. Everytime I fly domestic I highly recommend JetStar.
  4. @Dstew57A: How very sweet ….proud parents😇
  5. @GabyHernandez-rv3vo: 😮😮😮❤🎉
  6. @masio2605: Beautiful family. And such a beautiful son 😊💕
  7. @UFT-8-m5c: Felipe y agarre su pak et inner
  8. @dianalayne4803: One day I hope my children will make proud also 👋🏻
  9. @veyselcicek2663: Pozlarla deyil duzenlerle uyumlu olmalıyız.bir başarı olduysa herkesin emegile olur.
  10. @aravindpattar1665: "This is a special occasion, my mom and dad are on this flight, while I'll be in cockpit"
 "son we are proud of u and all but you aren't  even a pilot"
 "Ofcourse I'm not. I'm gonna hijack the plane"
  11. @proudmuslim8456: If parents r supportive enough , there's nothing impossible for their children to accomplish in life ! 

Kudos to a hard working son and his proud mom   ✨💜
  12. @jackf1841: What a handsome pilot! 🤩
  13. @footyzone123: No more whooping
  14. @V見る用: Mais sa mère se maquille très bien!
  15. @adamsawicki1221: Parents: Reach for the sky
Son: Say no more
  16. @anitawidjaja3566: Aweeeee .... that is very sweet.
  17. @lifeiscool2957: He is CUTE
  18. @Ilo_150: This was really heart touching….
  19. @sonyalindee8676: How cute🥰I love it.
  20. @daviddivad777: wholesome level over 9000

- My Dad Does What?!? Pilot Stories: Kind: captions Language: en you can't go over to their house cuz their dad makes inappropriate airplane [Music] jokes I built my entire Aviation page around humor when I I started filming it and a lot of my humor is not quite G-rated it's uh it's mildly inappropriate but it's very funny and I think adult Pilots especially uh find find it funny so I mean I must be doing something right um shortly after I got my pilot certificate um in our neighborhood for years and years and years we've had no school and they finally announced they were going to build an elementary school and I'm excited because I've got a kid who's going to be going into Elementary in a few years so they build the school and it's right off of the departure end of Runway 1 19 in St George so because it's constantly getting overflown by planes they decided to name the school the Desert Canyon aviators and so it's a completely Aviation themed school they brought me and a couple other pilots in to come up with their theme like we we determine their their school motto is aviate navigate communicate essentially just pulling in a lot of pilot terms making it very Aviation focused so really fun and then the principal comes up and asks and says hey would you be comfortable flying your airplane over on that first day of school it like fires all the right endorphins and and chemicals in a kid's brain when some really crazy cool thing happens on that first day that gets them really excited for everything else and it's just one of those core memories that'll be like ingrained into their their heads so I was like of course and so I got a bunch of Pilots we did the first fly over the first year we did it the second year just recently we did the third year and this third year is the year that my son is going into this school so he's going to be a kindergartner there so we do the flyover it's great um I partnered with another uh influencer Danny Smith we we Flew Over the school it was just a cool experience we released a video about it it got half million views like all this really cool stuff happens um they they invited me in for like the the introductory thing with my son and all the other kindergartner parents and everything like that uh to to have our first meeting at school where they kind of tell us about what to expect in the first day etc etc and and the principal comes up and he's like oh by the way and this is in front of you know 100 plus parents you know this is the the guy that flies over the the school and he's like by the way you he goes you have an Instagram page can you tell us the Instagram page name and I'm just like my life is flashing before my eyes because I just know that like it's like I want my kid to have friends in school and I don't want my kid I live in a very conservative Place very uh everybody's you know tends to be quite religious and and inappropriate things are very looked down upon and so I was like my son because of me is going to be the kid that none of the all their parents say jokes um so uh I I passed on announcing the uh the name of my page but a lot of the parents have fortunately found it and have been very uh uh they they love the content but uh it was yeah it was one of those moments where I was like maybe I should uh be careful what I'm posting because now all of my uh my son's friends parents are are seeing what uh the the crazy pilot dad is doing

  Top Comments:
  1. @wairworthy [16 likes]: Let’s be real, the best airplane jokes are always inappropriate 😉
  2. @Jigsaw407 [5 likes]: The choke joke got me hard ... wait ... that came out wrong! I meant it made me really laugh!
  3. @CompleteWalkaround [1 likes]: 😂
  4. @lukeledbetter3352 [1 likes]: More! We want more wairworthy!
  5. @JoshKelson [1 likes]: If I ever have kids, your house is the first place I’d want them to go 😂
  6. @paratyshow [1 likes]: 👍✅🤣 Good story1
  7. @enigmawyoming5201 [1 likes]: You have 135 views right now.  Only 499,865 more to go to get to that cool, half a million views!
  8. @farfetch7 [1 likes]: The guy that sounds like Jim Carrey!
  9. @patrickheavirland3599: Good morning from Minnesota! Thats funny!
  10. @geraldsightler8259: The thought that came to my mind is that it is never appropriate to be inappropriate.
  11. @KevinSAviation: Sounds like a great school and community. I'm sure that will spark a lot of future aviators. Thank you for sharing your story with us. Thank you Dan and Christy for your continued commitment to quality entertainment. Keep up the excellent work. Safe skies my friends 🇺🇸🛩️
  12. @kr6dr: That’s why my wife won’t let me play BrYan’s YouTube videos around her friends! Small world.

- I want to become a PILOT but NO support from my PARENTS, What should I do? Capt. P Kumar: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to your YouTube channel Captain P Kumar. Today I will talk about a query from one of my family members. Of this YouTube family, it's my dream but no support from parents. This is a very serious concern. Especially in our country in India, 10 to 15 such questions come to me as soon as 10 to 15 children come and this is a very serious discussion. The never-ending discussion is gas because now there is no 1:00 pm behind this. There are many reasons behind this. Gas, we have to understand because look, Corona has shaken everyone. This industry has also struggled. Many pilots have returned from outside. Not only pilots, what we want to see is what we see more. So, it is not only pilots who have returned. People from all professions have returned. Now if we look at the current situation in India, they are all going back. All the recruitments are going on. All the airlines have become operational. The boom has not come back yet but it is building up and is slowly settling down. The second biggest question that comes up. Guardians' reason for not doing this is that if you are the only child in the family then they fear that you know I am an only child, who knows what might happen tomorrow, but the answer to that is that you also travel, so whatever happens to him with the pilot, he will be with all the passengers, God forbid something happens, but this is not a valid reason, according to me I am not sitting here to judge anyone's advice or anyone's thinking, I am giving an advice, I am not appointing out anybody, I am not blaming other guardians here, but there is a risk in everything, so this is one reason, so we should not stop the child for that, this is a bit much for me, the second thing for all the guardians is that a lot of money is required to do this course, this cannot be denied, there is no alternative that you will get training in less money or any scholarship from somewhere, right now there is no such solid system which I can point towards or put the link below, done brother, if you go here then you will get scholarship, you can do your pilot You can start your journey, there is nothing right now, there is no solid information that I can point you towards and help you, so money will be required, if you want to do conventional then it will cost 50 to 60 lakhs and if you want to do ed, then it will cost 1 crore, so when we are struggling with 50 to 60 lakhs, then how can we arrange 1 crore, so what is your solution for this, when your guardians are refusing, due to whatever reason I have told you and if there is financial reason or any other reason, then the only way is to follow them right now or if the guardians are not supporting due to financial reasons, then you will have to plan, you will have to take an initiative, right now you can start any job and you can plan that in the next four-five years, you can arrange fans and start your journey, and you are not the first like this, there are hundreds of pilots who started their journey like this, brother, I want to become one today, but I do not have the resources, my parents Can't afford it? Writer, Instructor, Designated Examiner, etc. You are working on such big positions, so nothing is impossible. Everything is possible. We have to make a plan for it. So this is my opinion. If you are one of those who have become so many pilots and you want to start your journey, you want to plan. Then my recommendation is that you should work in aviation. It is not mandatory that you should work in aviation only. But what will happen is that in your aviation, you will see pilots coming and going, you will see their facilities, you will see their struggles, you will see their daily routine, you will talk to them, then your chances of getting more opportunities increase, which can help you to motivate yourself. Why should I do it? But it is possible that there is something in it which you are not even aware of, then I will regret going there. If I get to know about it today, then it will be very good for you in both ways. So this is all I can suggest. But if you feel that something else is possible, Information Thank You [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @warrior1219 [7 likes]: There is a bank name nbfc they provides hugge loan without even collateral so ig someone can take 50 or ,60 lakh from there if they have financial without collateral pay it after job
  2. @alwaysshining5037 [5 likes]: Sir, Can you please make a video on Airline Pilots salary ?
We, the students from Middle Class society, need to know this because to be Pilot a huge amount of money is needed and our parents have to sell lands etc. So, if we know what is the salary then we can go forward to it to compensate the amount by our salaries.
Please Sir, accept my request.
I am SUDESHNA MONDAL from DURGAPUR, WEST BENGAL, will be appeared in the 12th Boards after 2 months.
  3. @chintuflyinsky7929 [3 likes]: Hello sir 🙏🙏 sir kan si kn si airlines government he batao and video banao
Let     government airline me join hogai ky hum 1 month holidays me rahagaye hum usi month ka salary milega ❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 please sir reply me. ❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🧑‍✈️🧑‍✈️🧑‍✈️🧑‍✈️ Please sir reply ❤️❤️😭😭
  4. @scientificandmysteriouswor7733 [2 likes]: Sir do you use instagram? Plz help me can you do zoom session for me and talk with my parents Plz sir help me
  5. @indian_fighters [2 likes]: Sir dgca exam sallybus ko cover kase kare konsa topic important h kon deep study karna konsa leave karna h
  6. @captpkumar [1 likes]: To Buy the Counseling Course - https://www.captpipinkumar.in/registration
To Book a Counseling Session on the Given Number: +917300042327 or WhatsApp: https://wa.me/7300042327
For DGCA CPL/ATPL Ground Classes - https://www.topcrewaviation.com/pilot-training/
Like - share - subscribe for amazing Content!
  7. @pawansatashia [1 likes]: Sir as you told that there are people who did not had resources for becoming a pilot, but they earned and now they are in airlines so please make video on how they earned 70-80 lakhs as a youth?
What all jobs they did?
  8. @windowsi3104 [1 likes]: Sir After completing CPL , we join a flying academy as a instructor .... So how to become Captain from Instructor (CFI) directly ..... Or there is no such thing ...
  9. @Boring343 [1 likes]: Hi P Kumar, I can't hear out of one ear (one side deaf 100%). Can I get pilot's licence?
  10. @amitkumarseth4916 [1 likes]: Sir I am follow you,?
  11. @monalikakharwal2594: Sir mere parents afford to kr nahis akte aur mai koi bhi  profession chosse kru mere parents kabhi support nahi krte woh unpe hi invest krenge jo unhe pasand ho  these parents are so toxic they can manage even but if i ggo accordingly to them as their dream not my dream to fulfill  they are selfish 😢😢 plzzz sir make a video how to Rarrange funds
  12. @Lucky_vishwesh: Sir i have taken commerce in 11th class is nios is going to tough for me and from where i will get syllabus and is time depend upon us , how much time we have to take for giving exam in nios. 

Pls help me 🙏🏻✈️🌍❤️
  13. @kavyasawant5501: What jobs can we do in aviation industry can you please tell about that sir ?
  14. @pxnk098.: Sir me apne parents ki  single girl child hu ......mera dream hai pilot ban na my parents also wants to see me in this uniform but they can't afford so much expense i belongs to normal famil not rich not poor moderate but for us even 1 lakh is also very very big amount but in this course alsmost 1 crore needed to become commercial pilot what should I do😔😓
  15. @roushansrivastava450: Sir, can i do cpl training from Bihar Flying institute only in ₹10lakhs.
Is it really worth it?
  16. @issacdas2440: Sir please help me do you take zoom sessions please talk to my parents please help me sir
  17. @rushikeshgangawar6586: Yes sir
Job ke gurenty nhi hai bol rahe hai sir
  18. @dynawithniraj7717: Sir can I become a pilot after graduation

- Can pilots be married and have families? Tips for dating a pilot: Kind: captions Language: en can you have a successful relationship and be a pilot at the same time well if you've heard of all these stories of Pilots of having all these crazy Affairs when they're on layovers um having secret wives at different destinations and having a high divorce rate that's all true that's actually very common in this industry and in this video I'm going to give you some of the tips that has helped me and has helped other people that I respect in aviation that's helped them to have a long-term relationship and I would say the biggest tip I have for you is to choose the right partner you want to find a partner that is okay to be independent on their own because as a pilot you're going to be away for a couple of days at a time and in those couple of days you want your wife or your husband to be able to be keeping everything under control at home if your partner is not capable of doing things independently on their own right off the start you have a problem obviously within limit uh you know you're not going to be gone for a month and expect everything to be okay but if you're just going for a couple of days you know have things already planned out where you can support your spouse uh in that transition period the other thing that's going to help you is the trust Factor you know yes you're going to be away you know in destinations for a long time with you know strange crew members that you not know before and it's important to not do foolish things when you're away you must have that trust factor that the other person when they're going to go on The Layover or they're going to go on you know a long trip that they're going to be to themselves they're not not really going to be intermingling and doing things that they shouldn't be doing so that trust factor is huge and that goes both ways including the spouse that's going to be at home a lot of times U that I've talked to pilots who have been divorced it's because they've actually broken that trust factor with their spouse so that's an obvious one right don't fool around uh if you want to do all those things do so before you get into a long-term relationship but once you're in a long-term relationship you know I highly advise not doing something like that especially when you're at work my next tip for you is to keep the relationship going you know when you go into a relationship with this person is because you're like this person you want to spend a long time with this person so when you're away you can actually continue that relationship going by sending text messages luckily in this modern day and age if you're away you can send texts you can send WhatsApp messages if you don't have let's say an international plan you can do FaceTime just keeping that conversation going keeping in touch you know when you're away really makes a difference I've noticed it myself let's say if I'm gone for 2 days and I'm really exhausted because maybe I had four flights a day and uh I never had a time to check in with my family when I got back after my two days let's say on the third day when I got back I noticed my kids grew up just a little bit more and they look a little different my family looks a little different and I know it's weird to say it's only 2 days but it does actually make a difference versus on the other days where on my layovers when I checked in I did maybe FaceTime I saw my family it the change didn't really seem that much I kept in touch with you know all the changes that are happening any emergencies at home that have happened I'm on top of those things so keep the relationship going even when you're at work you can easily pull up your phone and say hey how's it going you know hopefully everything is okay I love you how are the kids something simple like that just a simple check-in really goes a long way and here's my final tip for you this does not work in all situations in fact I'm still struggling with this last one and that is trying to bring your family with you at work it might not work if you have small kids but let's say when you know you don't have kids yet you're just a two of yall Aviation is a fun career and maybe one of the reasons your spouse is attracted to you is probably your lifestyle or the potential lifestyle you have as a pilot so if you look at the flight loads and you notice that you know there's a whole bunch of open seats and you're going to San Francisco a layover you're going to Miami on a layover you can consider bringing your spouse with you and then you can stay for free at the hotel that the company provides and then on the next day bring your spouse back and while you're on the layover you guys can do nice fun activities together go explore together you can make this a nice paid vacation paid for by the company of course and you're on vacation you enjoy with your spouse obviously make sure you don't do anything foolish you're still on company time you're still getting paid by the company so when you're with your significant other on a layover make sure you still get enough sleep make sure you don't uh you know over drink you keep your maximum regulations for their Duty in terms of drinking um you also show up on time well prepared don't call and sick obviously all these little Common Sense basic things you do if you do that again you're developing that relationship with the other person and I believe these are the simple things you can do in order to be in a happy successful relationship especially as a p all right take care we'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @sepomushaukwa9006 [2 likes]: Thanks for your video.I am dating one and his communication sucks which makes everything worse plus trust is not there so this might not work 💔
  2. @KalingPanggeng-h6s [1 likes]: New subscriber here
  3. @keithdmello: 🚨 Guaranteed to pass your Transport Canada pilot exams on the first try — or your money back. Over 300 pilots have already passed using this fast-track system — most in under 2 weeks, studying just 4 hrs/day.
✅ No boring 1 hour long videos 
✅ No outdated information. We update the courses daily, with clear explanations.
✅ Proven results — not just theory
🔥 It’s not like the standard stuff. See why so many are switching →
👉 https://courses.www.pilotdmello.com/

✈ For the full list of pilot career services, including: – FAA to TC conversion prep – Professional pilot resume service – Simulator evaluation prep – Airline interview coaching.
👉 https://courses.www.pilotdmello.com/store
  4. @justmeajah: Thank you!!! I start talking to a pilot and needed all this insight!

- What Type of Women do Pilots Date??: Kind: captions Language: en part of a pilots life is what we do outside of the cockpit and if you know a pilot's wife there's an 80% chance she's one of 3 professions I'll explain it all coming up hey 74 crew welcome back if you don't know me my name is Kelsey I'm a 747 pilot my channel 74 gear is all about aviation so whether you're a pilot or an aviation enthusiast consider subscribing now this video applies to male pilots dating life now I haven't really seen a trend with female pilots but if I do you'll be the first to know first I'm going to talk about each of these 3 professions and then at the end I want to give you the common thread that they all have in common let's get into it now the first and most obvious one that most of you are probably thinking are flight attendants and I know it sounds cliche but many people meet their wife or girlfriend at work it's the same for pilots it's an easy fit for both of you you understand that the lifestyle that we're in and understand that the lay overs aren't crazy hot tub Jacuzzi nights with naked flight attendants running around everywhere crap next is nurses nurses work a very strange schedule similar to pilots they usually work in blocks of three or four days they usually work long days at a time and then they'll have several days off so it makes sense the schedules kind of fit up and there's a lot of variance in working either Wednesday through Friday or Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday things like that that pilots work nurses will also have a similar type schedule finally it's teachers this is a bit of a strange one for me because teachers are the most 9-5 type job of these three professions and I realized a lot of times they might start at 6:00 or 7:00 in the morning in the finish at 2:00 or 3:00 in the afternoon and then they're grading papers or doing whatever teachers did I don't know I always tried to get out of school and not go back until the next day it explains a lot but I know they work really hard after school's out and the other thing that's strange about this is they usually have the summers off and that's usually the most busy time for pilots especially if they're doing passenger flying so the only thing that I can think of is that these teachers are getting invited to these hot crazy Jacuzzi parties that for some reason I'm not getting invited to actually that would not surprise me so what is it about these three professions that pilots are drawn to well I'm sure you've seen these memes floating around on the internet and a lot of it is true most pilots have wanted to be pilots since they were kids and for some reason it seems once they get onto the flight deck and start flying planes that they go right back into their little boy syndrome and you want some examples well sure you push back you start your taxi you're taxing around let's say in LaGuardia you come around the corner and all of a sudden you see 30 planes lined up my life is ruined now you still have two more flights to do that day so you're not getting home in the earlier anyways but what do you do you start whining complaining and pouting your friend from flight school went to a different airline than you and their airline got the new triple 7x and you're stuck flying this stupid regular normal triple 7 and now all you can think about is getting into the cockpit and hitting that button that unfolds those wings so somebody just got a new toy and you want to play with it not true so what do all these things have in common well teachers nurses and flight attendants all work in care industries where they're used to hearing people whine cry and complain so they can probably put up with all your complaining that you're doing and typically all 3 are professions where the people are underpaid for the things that they do and usually have the hearts of a saint all right crew that's my theory of why pilots tend to date and marry flight attendants teachers or nurses now if you're a pilots girlfriend and you're not one of those three professions don't worry about it I'm not a doctor and in most cases pilots are out talking like they're an authority on a topic that they really don't know anything about so you're probably just one of those other 20% probably in the comments section below let me know did you ever notice this trend among pilots I look forward to hearing from you until then keep the blue side up!

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheJetJJ [2 likes]: I know 4 pilots.  Two are married to each other, one is married to a FA and one to a very specialized medical person, hospital only.  Isn’t that curious!
  2. @MHSMagicLuver [2 likes]: Lol. My friends is none of these (currently a stay at home mom) and she’s married to a pilot with two kids. :p I believe they met when he was in flight school. They met at a bar in the town we were living in. They now have moved from Florida to Texas.

I’m a PA and married to an electrical engineer.. he works at Boeing though making planes. I told my friend if something happens with the plane, blame my husband 😂
  3. @ClassyMrsHenry [1 likes]: Kelsey you’re crazy smh 🤦🏽‍♀️ Voiceover ou throwing is crazy hilarious funny you’re a crazy GO KELSEY now get wife Lolol 😂
  4. @EverythingLvl [1 likes]: Air traffic controller with customer service background? Lol
  5. @Duckiesden [1 likes]: I am a CPA dating a pilot. I travel for work twice a week and keep odd hours around the customer needs,  and listen to my managers/executives and peers complain all day. Similar to what he goes through. 

Works great for us and we cherish our time together more!
  6. @tinu93 [1 likes]: I'm a female student pilot dating a male nurse, so it seems to work as well with opposite genders 😅
  7. @cocoblatte [1 likes]: Haha I’m a nurse going out with a quantas pilot 😂
  8. @niharikaroy2414 [1 likes]: I am about be a professor 😭😭any pilot here to date me plz 😅😅
  9. @carvinylizbeth5110 [1 likes]: My wife doesn’t let me date at all……😂
  10. @aggibson74: they date the women their wives don't know about
  11. @princesssharoni: Women who don’t mind their “man” having other women in different towns…that’s the answer
  12. @user-qf9to4lh8g: You forget about the best wife for pilot - a freelancer😅
  13. @HR-wd6cw: The flight attendant does make the most sense, as they can try to time their time off or "trips" (layovers) together if they work for the same airline and the airline allows it.  Second, for the teachers, it may be that it's easier for them to time summer vacations around the pilot's schedule, possibly if they have seniority and can say fly for 6 days maybe and then take 4 or 5 days off or do a trip with a long layover, something like that, where the wife can tag along and it can be a mini vacation, or they fly for afew days, take a few days off, and then fly a plane back home as one of their flight jobs).

My sister was a pilot for United and she married my brother (after dating for maybe 5-6 years) and he's into fitness and mostly mountain biking, so two totally unrelated jobs and interests but it worked out for them.  When she would be off flying for a couple of days (sometimes she would be gone for a week or two) he would just go hang out with the guys, but when she had time off, they would use some of her perks of being a pilot and travel around, often times to Europe, for very low fares since she was a pilot and I guess United had a program that immediate family can fly for a reduced rate or as standby, which they did the most, so they were able to travel for very cheap because of this perk, and so it worked out, and since my brother worked in the outdoor/motorcycle business (he worked at a motor cycle shop) his time was quite flexible.
  14. @michelecaron: I’m a model & marketing exec. Fly all over the world…
  15. @thezaftigwendy: One of my favorite people is a pilot's wife. She somehow attracts the MOST DRAMA of anyone I know!
  16. @Justme77400: My sister-in-law is a doctor. She was married to a pilot her first marriage.
  17. @algita8: Flight attendants are outdated, especially if they report every move of You, pilots are running away and crying to engineers (Female ones).
  18. @valleyjaye: !!!BRILLIANTLY thought out!!! And very true. My friends Summer and Bill - Southwest pilot (formerly AA) and flight attendant. My team leader at work is a nurse married to a United pilot. So there ya go… now we know why 😸
  19. @sfa1373: I’m an Engineer dating a Commercial Airline Pilot. He is fascinated by the work I do and the same goes for me. So I’m in that 20%.
  20. @dr.robertlawrence8134: OMG!! Kelsey, ROFLMAO you are absolutely right!!! I flew for a living for a very short time at the end of my high school years until off to collage. Thousands of hours flying my planes and others. Most of my friends are pilots for airlines or small part 35 operations. WE ARE ALL MARRIED TO NURSES. LOL

- Father and daughter fly together for the first time as pilots for Southwest Airlines: Kind: captions Language: en finally tonight like father like daughter and the sky is the limit America strong tonight one fatherdaughter bond is soaring to new heights McKenzie renck always knew she wanted to be a pilot growing up watching her dad Captain Michael renck suit up every day for nearly three decades 22 years with Southwest Airlines I do remember when I was little I would grab my Dad's hat and grab his Blazer and feel like I'm on top of the world McKenzie then taking off off to make her dream a reality studying in a professional flight program at Arizona State University her journey finally coming full circle recently co-piloting two flights with her dad first from Phoenix to Houston then a flight from Seattle to Sacramento the weirdest thing was figuring out what to call you it's like Captain Mike dad Southwest taking a moment to celebrate the duo you are all going to be part of a little bit ofest history today this is and that's his daughter Captain Mike renck addressing the cabin with a special announcement it's kind of special play for me and my family my mom is on board shooting right my wife Diana over there next to her and my daughter's on board too she'll be your first offer today dad beaming with pride calling it the best flight of his career that's little girl yeah very proud proud girl dad truly special

  Top Comments:
  1. @planeshow12 [2 likes]: It’s so heartwarming to see happy news for a change. It’s usually all wars and negativity!
  2. @richardschindler8822 [2 likes]: Dad, you did good!!!!   Something to be proud of
  3. @iamcpslol [1 likes]: Me wondering why most news view southwest airlines
  4. @ashxf: OK who's chopping onions in here? So awesome!
  5. @ucanon2662: Oh another Southworst story.
  6. @andrewkuoppala3925: SOUTHWEST threw PEPPA of a flight for recording YET EMPLOYEES are all over youtube with their videos
  7. @Paul-lm5gv: A special, special moment and family!
  8. @Shay_ShayButter: I think Captain Dad is a good moniker
  9. @fastmph: It doesn’t get any better than that.
  10. @demoitgroup9532: On landing I heard she said "Don't mess up the landing old man"
  11. @tiemji: THis is beautiful!
  12. @newbtubetecher: If it was his son, ABC wouldn't have covered it.
  13. @RV4aviator: That is simply the BEST Flight crew ANY passenger could want...!  Awesome...!     Should be more of it...!
  14. @Ackermanmedia: This is freaking cool...I'll bet he is a proud dad. Wonder who he supports for president this upcoming election?
  15. @adrianbailey6119: I'm currently in flight school and just had my first child (daughter) with my wife, I won't be pushing for this to happen but if it does I'm sure it would be a really proud moment 😊
  16. @Spanikopita: Awe, the 1/1000000000000000000 shot she had to be born into a family where her father was a pilot and all of her flight time was paid for. Easy Street at a whole new level. Nice job, though
  17. @mrkc10: Absolutely awesome! 🫡🇺🇸
  18. @andrewschmid5917: Bet you this is the same plane that almost crashed while they took the selfie
  19. @jacobstolfi8833: What a beautiful moment
  20. @jrvegeeta: Dude, that’s awesome 😎

- Princess Kate on Being a Rescue Pilot's Wife William 'Tells Stories of What He's Seen': Kind: captions Language: en as many of you may already know Kate's husband Prince William served as a pilot for the Royal Air Force for several years before retiring in 2013. during this time he flew as a search and rescue pilot a job that involved rescuing people in distress at sea or on land recently Princess Kate opened up about what it's like to be married to a rescue pilot in an interview with the BBC she said that William often tells stories of what he's seen during his time as a pilot which can be both inspiring and challenging to hear Kate went on to say that she's learned a lot from her husband's experiences and has a great respect for the work that he and other rescue Pilots do she also spoke about the importance of mental health and how she and William have been working to promote mental health awareness among emergency responders in addition to her work on Mental Health Princess Kate is also an advocate for children's well-being she has been involved in several initiatives aimed at improving the lives of young people including the five big questions survey which sought to gather information about the early years of children's lives overall Princess Kate's experience as a rescue Pilot's Wife has given her a unique perspective on the world of emergency responders through her work on mental health and children's well-being she continues to use her platform to make a positive impact in the world that's all for now thank you for tuning in to our daily news update stay safe and stay informed

  Top Comments:
  1. @kfyoung54: William and Kate  and  George and Charlotte and  Louis  every day happy

- The King's Pardon from Guilt #kinggeorgev: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] January 1942 in a chapel inside the Naval Air Station in Florida Maximillian bered his son his youngest you would think that twins looking alike would act alike but no Virgil was strong Brave a true Marine who made his father proud Timothy was always Max's disappointment where Virgil was strong in character Tim was weak where Virgil knew what he wanted in life Timothy had his head in the clouds ever the dreamer Virgil was an officer in the Marine Corps Timothy was relocated to be a standby pilot on sea planes for coastal defense Max knew his oldest was going to do great things maybe even follow him in Government after the war Timothy would be lucky if he could manage a job running the department of sanitation somewhere Max always knew Tim would be a failure but then Tim did the unthinkable the Unforgivable in Max's eyes Tim would forever tarnish the family's good name for that sin Tim's name was never spoken of again

  Top Comments:
  1. @PartTimeBritishGuy: *Help support my channel on Patreon*
https://www.patreon.com/PartTimeBritishGuy774

- Consequences of Over Protected Children- Jordan Peterson: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] most children now have older parents right because people aren't having children until they're in their 30s and there's a big difference between having a parent who's in his or her 30s and having a parent who's in her 20s yep the 20 year olds are still kind of like kids and they're going to be more usefully neglectful i would say well look one one of the things we used to do with my daughter when she was very little was you know she was about a year and a half is we'd we'd have her in a room alone and she would usually complain about that for a few minutes and then she'd find a way to amuse herself you know she she liked to take books out of shelves and put them back in and like if if you let her be get through that initial bit of misery then she would learn how to regulate herself and and she got very good at that um and so that's a good example of minor privation having a positive influence but you know children used to have multiple siblings and siblings toughen you up because there's tremendous competition in families among siblings and they had younger parents who had fewer resources and you know now parents are older first of all and second they're more resource rich and so they're more likely to schedule their children to death in some sense to provide them with all the opportunities that they feel would be useful and that's understandable and plus because they have fewer children each child is in some sense more precious you know not like if you have 10 children you don't love all of them but you know there's 10 of them there's there's only so much excess attention that can go around and they do a lot of socializing each other rather than being socialized by parents but if you only have one child you know you're going to devote all your resources to providing them with absolutely everything you can provide them with and one of the dangers of that is that you'll over protect them and you'll provide them with too much and we don't understand those dynamics right we don't understand how much you should stay hands off your kids and let them go out there and make their own mistakes and and find their own way and and that's that's well that's tricky and and we're ignorant about it and so i think one of the consequences of that is that we do have a reasonable percentage of young people maybe young adolescents the kind that you hear about at university who have been overprotected and over sched over scheduled and under challenged in some sense and so they're not very resilient and and then of course what's happening in the universities the safe spaces and the trigger warnings and all of that and there's good recent research on this trigger warnings clearly make things worse rather than than better we extend that over protection far longer than is helpful you know it's hard though because as i said when you have resources you can use them to make your children's lives let's say easier but the question is like do you really want to make the life of someone you love easier and that's a incredibly difficult question

  Top Comments:
  1. @VALUETAINMENT [162 likes]: Check out Official Valuetainment Merch here: https://vtmerch.com/
  2. @Flowerhead247 [1 likes]: Do you really want to make life of someone you love easier? Yes. Why would i want a hard life for someone? The better question is, do you want your children to tackle life with the knowledge of what you can teach them?
  3. @dokmdk: He’s pointed to the fact that he doesn’t know the true answer even of what he speaks. Parenting doesn’t come from parents alone when it comes from true government true society and true acknowledgement.
  4. @kim0634: Idk. I was left alone a lot but still grew into a brat 🗿
  5. @zigaudrey: The most dangerous thing is to protect children because the only person that they aren't protected from is themself. They will believe the world is not safe and their way of escaping is to put an end on their existence.
  6. @Ydpy-t3iwif: We lived in an unsafe environment. I don’t think we were ever protected.
  7. @danielhoesing5605: the hardest thing to do is say "no" when you can say "yes"
  8. @ShelbyHosey-g2i: Excuse me dip s*** I didn't give you permission to speak
  9. @magarepussies: And today's generation cannot be any more of an embarrassment and a circus joke
  10. @jerirenee3154: Don't stereotype parents I was a very young parent Both of my children have gone to college got degrees and are doing fine and I am dealing now with a nephew my oldest brother 13 years older than me has not ever raised to be a man And now I've been told that I have to deal with this child because he lives on my property and won't leave He's never been taught to be a man so don't blame age Blame character
  11. @billmeissner1441: I am an old parent. I had very few problems with my kids sixty years ago We had cats and dogs all the time. My kids grew up tespecting all life. ( I had a hard time convincing them that hunting was acceptable ,but they don’t hunt ).At this time in my life I think that one of the best ways to raise kids to value other people is to let them have a dog  as a pet. I have seen almost  seen no children with pets having any outrageous opinions about people
  12. @HelenFonseca-j5m: I know a mother that's wipes her grown daughter butt  won't let her grow up and 40 years old she thinks her mother fixes everything to her liking what happened when the mothers Dead not everyone will bow down to her
  13. @agentsmith7866: You never know how a kid will turn out. For example, some with a an alcoholic father don't touch a drop of alcohol when they get older because they want to be nothing like their parent. Others drink just as much or more and say it was their parents fault for influencing this on them.
  14. @MetalForLife1970: I'm learning my parents (mostly my mom and her famiky) were narcissists. Will prob take the rest of my life to undo the damage but at least I have an explanation for all this mess!
  15. @HarrySh-e3b: whatever you value will be taken, because you took my family and children...thats the nature of it, whether this year or ten years from now.
  16. @dwezzy28: This is Jordan Peterson’s legaxy
  17. @Best..YT..Music..Playlists: my mother seemed overprotective when I was growing up. trying to get blackout drunk or trip on a few hits of acid when I was fourteen she made me carry a beeper. then when I was 18 I got to live on the streets for a couple years. she is awesome.
  18. @daydreamingwithgrace: Overprotective vs over spoiled could be misunderstood differently. Some overprotective parents still influence kids with great value 

Not protecting and allow kids to do whatever they like without regulating and correcting mindset, values and behavior could be a great issue too.
  19. @ElizabethFrantes: Shut up, breeders.  Pay for your own 'legacy'
  20. @Glass__Can_non: Nearly every parent ive met who is estranged from their children is completely convinced that they had nothing to do with how their kid turned out... My dudes, you RAISED IT FROM INFANCY. If a dog is bad millions of people will jump to its defence and, rightfully so, blame the owner who abused or failed to train it but whenever we talk about human children somehow its not the fault of the person who, quite literally, created their childs personality.

- Part 1: Tamera’s Emotional Return and Important Message: Kind: captions Language: en I just want to give a warm welcome back to our girl Tamara damn I think I speak for all of us when I say we've missed you so baby I miss like just like feeling you and every time we have a joke Tamara puts her nail inside my thigh a lot of Surgeons but we miss you very much and we need to know we want to ask how are you I'm okay yeah sorry okay um our family's been through a lot yeah but the interesting thing about grief is that you've got to find the balance of moving forward and grieving at the same time mm-hmm it's just been a little over two weeks you haven't shivagami yeah she would want me to be here and she would want me a suite Elena to move forward I don't like to say move on because I don't think I'll ever move on with the fact that she's not here with me or with our family but she would want me to move forward and to use her voice as a catalyst for change mm-hmm and that's why I'm here today that's right and I just appreciate the outpouring of love and support from everybody that's sweet 18 year old girl impacted people in such a positive way and that's how we've been able to move on the love as my beautiful sister-in-law Hannah said at mine my nieces memorial its what lifts us and that's what we need more today in this world love love I love you girls I appreciate every single text every single call and I appreciate each and every one of you who have reached out to our family in such a positive way the House Lee's are such a strong strong tight-knit family and I've known them for almost 15 years and I've been I knew Elena since she was five that's Elena holding Araya right there and Elena and Araya were they were the best of friends she was so sweet when Elena would walk in the room she would change the atmosphere mm-hmm tell me some more about Elena um like I said I met Elena when she was five and the house Lee's we we are we were a group of ten meaning whenever we work together we were together I was very blessed I'm very blessed to have an amazing mother-in-law father-in-law sister-in-law brother in-law so they are my family along with my immediate family we all get along and Elena was my little sister she was my niece from marriage but she was my friend and my sister from my hearts [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @playboyprincess4436 [4 likes]: @2:44 ..fun fact.. That's Tams bestie..i remember her from their reality show. She's literally like a sister to her
  2. @nicoespino-h7z [2 likes]: How are you? I'm okay 😢, pretend to be okay but deep inside my heart melts when she responds 😢.
  3. @rubenramirez281 [1 likes]: The one and only time my wife asked me if I’m ok , after I lost my grandfather  I pretty much had the same reaction of the absolute loneliness I had in my heart when he passed because the feeling you have when you can’t help a family member is terrible, I only wish that heaven would have visiting hours for those who suffer can get at least a hug from those who have lost a loved one
  4. @ginaduncan5799 [1 likes]: OMG I thought this was about her break up😢
  5. @Growing_GlowingHER [1 likes]: Was that Tamera’s best friend. Andrea?! 2:44?
  6. @jeromebaxter2987 [1 likes]: 0:43
  7. @RodrickusHoward: It’s okay to not be okay😏
  8. @NurseMoe87: I love when she allowed her to speak more about her!
  9. @minesky6043: Is this show still existing ?
  10. @EmmaHaynes-k1n: 💐🕊️🩷🤞🏽
  11. @AjJyves: Sometimes its okay to say you are not okay when it comes to things. When i lost my mom i was that way. Act like im fine. Deep down thinking am i really Okay. I thought was okay because i knew was a matter of time but didnt want to believe would happen. I dont tamera was ready to go back to the show. But in her mind she was ready but not actually being ready in her heart
  12. @Martinsgusttavo: 😢
  13. @michele19NursesRUS: 🙏🏻💝🌻
  14. @gladys6089: Yes, this world needs LOVE. That is what God our creator wants. God bless everyone.
  15. @naiix_krub9771: What happen to her? Sorry for my don’t know
  16. @funkyflights: Change won’t happen, not with our current administration, it’s sad, we’ve lost way too many people to gun violence in this country …
  17. @princesarodriguez-lk7sk: Yes I know the feeling it hard Tamara u amazing woman friend mother your sister law well always bless u be part of you❤❤❤❤❤❤
  18. @tyronebrown5237: This, “This Warmed My Heart.” ♥️
  19. @rosegirl122: She sooo beautiful...  she very strong...   i will keep praying for tamara
  20. @tialeavy1734: My heart breaks with her every time I see this clip 😢 and Tia and Tamera have always been a big part of my childhood , I'd literally tell people my name is Tia but I don't have a Tamera , because my name is so rare so it hurts my heart so see one of them in so much emotional pain ❤

- Former ticket agent grapples with guilt after allowing hijackers on 9/11 flight: Kind: captions Language: en the fateful decision to let two men board a flight instead of taking the next one nearly 20 years ago a ticket agent made that fateful decision they became two of the 9 11 hijackers and as gio benitez reports that agent has been riddled with guilt in the years since but he decided to make a difference in another way when you come in here and you see that ticket counter does it bring you back to that morning everything brings you back to that morning vaughn alex is talking about the morning that changed our world oh my god there was chaos in new york at the moment there'd been not one but two incidents two late arriving first class passengers came rushing through the doors at dulles international airport in virginia they're late they stopped they were confused they were looking back and forth and then they made a beeline for where i was working with my agents vaughn was at the american airlines ticket training two agents we were just sitting around and two late passengers came running in the terminal stopped and i was joking i looked at my agents and i said watch these two are for flight 77 and they were but as we now know they weren't just any passengers they were salem and new off all hazmi two of the five hijackers on flight 77 which later crashed into the pentagon so you had about 20 minutes until that flight well just under 20 minutes and i told the agents because they were new i said let me show you how we handle late arriving passengers and we did everything according to the book the two brothers would ultimately go through security you can see them here in the surveillance video one of them set off the metal detector so at what point did you learn what happened with flight 77 i walked into the back room to talk to the supervisor on duty and i said hey there's a rumor about 77 tell me that it's not true and the three of them just turned around and looked at me and it was like get out and i knew all of the cabin crew i'd worked with them for years what i didn't know until about mid-morning when the fbi was talking to me was that those last two passengers that i checked in were actually two of the hijackers what did you think at that moment i looked at them and i said i did it didn't i and they were like what did you do and i said i put those two on the flight and it was just just devastating it was just absolutely devastating an extreme guilt would torture vaughn for years to come so much so that still 20 years later there are some things he'd rather not discuss and what was your mind doing in those following years i blamed myself i thought you know if i had done something different if i had not let them on if if i just said to the agents these two guys are late let them get the next flight we have one at noon it's no big deal and then there's this the day before on september 10th vaughn convinced a beloved friend and colleague 64-year-old mj booth to get on that very flight for a vacation i rode her ticket from dulles to los angeles with a connecting flight back to las vegas and then the following day i saw that she had gotten on the flight on the ticket i'd written 20 years later do you forgive yourself i realized that there's probably nothing i could have done to prevent what happened i've come to terms with that vaughn may no longer be working at that american airlines ticket counter but he's determined to do anything he can to make sure this doesn't happen again because these days he's working for the tsa the very agency created in response to the 9 11 attacks there were times that i wanted to pull the plug and quit and my friends and my family were like if you do that the terrorists win they drove you out of your job stay with it and i joined department of homeland security working for the transportation security administration i feel like the work that they do is so important to keep keep everybody safe a man who played an unintentional role on one of america's darkest days now doing everything he can to keep us safe gio benitez abc news at dulles international airport hi everyone george stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the abc news youtube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our channel and don't forget to download the abc news app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @clairefrier2353 [1 likes]: It really wasn’t your fault.
  2. @RobinScherbatsky-o5w: Chances are the other 3 would have done it all anyway
  3. @mocatree: Even if he did not allow them on the flight they would of done it sooner or later.
  4. @user-rh8mu6wp2m: Lies
  5. @Choochookid7470: it wasnt your fault man. nobody knew they were gonna do what they did
  6. @MidWestCatcher: It’s 1,000,000,000% absolutely not your fault my man, you were only doing your job, & unfortunately they would’ve taken another flight & done the same thing what they did on Flight 77.
  7. @nickJonas-f3k: Not his fault. They would have just done it on the next one.
  8. @thediamondavenger2657: I hate how he takes blame I mean yeah it sucks what happened but I would have known they would end up being terrorist that ended up crashing into the building even if he would’ve not let those two on the tax still would’ve happened at the Pentagon cause the two flakes are already taken over and either crash into the buildings or just about to
  9. @Engine_Turnkey: Sure...sure
  10. @Jeffindsm: He was probably a good ticket agent and this happened.
  11. @DIXONSIDER00: Also the fact that he’s wearing a mask goes to show why he let those terrorists through
  12. @DIXONSIDER00: lol and now a jihad is the mayor of NY
  13. @kobyschechter8163: I was born four months after 9/11 in January 2002. I’ve never known a life without having to go through TSA for airport security and all the strict rules that have been in place since the agency was founded. My mom’s parents worked for TWA. During Ronald Reagan’s presidency in the 1980’s, my grandfather kept getting laid off, called back, laid off again. This went on for years. One of the jobs he did at JFK airport whenever they called him back to work was security. My mom told me that he never liked working security but it’s what he had to do to provide for his family. My grandfather retired from TWA in 1998. I do have a hard time letting things go sometimes but I cannot imagine what this guy went through in the immediate aftermath of 9/11. That had to be one of the worst feelings of guilt that a human being can experience.
  14. @Lucelife: Sir you are not at fault. All you would have done pushed their deaths on to the next plane
  15. @louiivbeatz: Nothing he could have done when unknown of what those evil people planned 😢
  16. @thomasshort6738: Wheres the video.....liar
  17. @Jajdbehsgdjss: The last person to blame is this man. those people went through TSA and slipped past our nations, surveillance and intelligence. A poor ticket worker is the absolute last person to blame. I hope he doesn’t carry guilt anymore.
  18. @pikachufan518: It's warming to see everyone understanding with empathy and compassion in these comments
  19. @SS-ko5fo: He shouldn't blame himself. They were evil people who manipulated the good in that man to do an act of unspeakable evil.
  20. @Dioziii: Notice he didn't ever actually say he forgives himself, that's very sad. Poor guy 😢

- Family Life as an Airline Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en is it possible to be an airline pilot and still have a family hi my name is Darren I'm a dad I'm an airline pilot I am a husband to a scientist and I'm going to kind of have a short video about how it is possible to both be a dad an airline pallet and a husband so first I always mention my wife when I open my videos saying I'm a husband to a scientist who is this scientist well she's right here her name is Kelly uh we met 22 years ago a long time ago and she is indeed a DNA forensic scientist she is incredibly intelligent now when we met I was a computer repair man she was a scientist we made about the same amount of money it came to a day that she said you know what you weren't happy with what your job was at the time I was doing software and she told me to either go be a pilot or find a new career well thankfully she had some raises and she was able to afford a flying hobby which was me she was able to kind of pay all the bills for the most part while I was in Flight Training and when I was an airline pilot cuz my pay wasn't very much when I first started flying it 100% helps that my wife fully supports my career if she did not support my career none of us would be possible cuz let's face it when I am on some in some fancy hotel on the beach she's at home with our kids uh when I am out enjoying a nice quiet night in the hotel or on an overnight in some random City she's having to do everything at home this career will destroy your family if you let it now I'm fortunate enough to live N9 miles from the largest base at my Airline I have pretty good quality of life if you live in say de Mo Iowa and let's say your spouse and their family is from De Mo Iowa they have a established career there they love the mo Iowa you want to be an airline pilot if they support your career you need to have that talk that listen I want to do this Airline col thing right doing so means I might not be as home as much CU if you commute you will not be as home as much as as a someone that lives in base that's a that's a fact um at the same airline anyway so you to have that talk like listen I want I want to be an airline pet you need to figure out where is the closest or the most convenient place to commute to if you live in De Mo I wouldn't be based in LA because you can't get there probably pretty easily but you you can't get to like Chicago maybe Salt Lake Center uh City Denver maybe Atlanta you have to see where you can get to with the most frequency of flights not the you know not the uh biggest airplanes per se but you want to look at frequency of flights is more important than big airplane small airplane kind of thing but uh my wife supports my career so thankfully I can do this job now as far as time off goes I am home a lot more than people think I am I you know when I when I flew the Airbus that's what I had the most time on five years of my 17-e career was spent on the Airbus um I averaged eight nights in hotels a month now that's not saying I worked eight days a month that just means eight nights away in a hotel room not at home but the other times again I'm if a trip starts for example at 11:00 a.m. in the morning I'm home for breakfast get the kids ready for school get the house all organized before I leave and then I go to work and then of course I am gone for an average 3 days right I might get home at noon on day three more likely 4: or 5 in the afternoon on day three well I can still come home do the the evening dinner thing kids go to bed and I'm done so we have established commuting and time at home when I am time at home what do we do with all that that free time right well I'm often asked why I became an airline pilot flying passengers versus flying cargo doing corporate work or anything else well getting into this career you know my wife said hey go be a pilot right there's also some stipulations right she want to be able to travel the world wherever she wanted to go to right flying passes around my wife gets unlimited travel benefits anywhere my airline flies my kids get the same my parents have passed away but my in-laws are able to get the same benefits travel anywhere they want to go let my airline flies for free for us for my in-laws it's pretty cheap um and my kids get till I think they're 23 years old I do have buddy passes that's a whole different story but my kids right my oldest she's not 13 years old she's been on over 700 flights in her lifetime most of those flights happened before she was like s years old uh when she was younger again my wife has a great job great benefits she gets six weeks vacation a year my wife does uh plus sick time so when we were just starting out flying we didn't have lot of money we could fly for free or next to free so we took a lot of day trips together my wife and I then when my kid was older we took a lot of trips you know CU we couldn't afford to go to Disney World per se but we can go to Mall of America and Mall of America is pretty cheap right we can fly out there for next to nothing go to the Mall of America walk around stay in a hotel cheap hotel and fly back the next day uh my oldest has been to Europe five or six times because again we work for an airline the world gets smaller one of the most memorable trips I can remember when my oldest was younger was Friday afternoon came home from school to want to see a waterfall well you know it's by this point it's like 2014 we can see a waterfall on YouTube or so hold on a second look at the fights to Toronto and buffalo well we can go to toron Toronto non-stop out of Dallas so we flew toron we flew Toronto rented a car drove down to nagara Falls I showed my youngest oh sorry my oldest a real waterfall and uh the world got a lot smaller when she was younger now there's a huge disparity my oldest has been on maybe 700 flights my youngest maybe 150 flights like if you're a parent you understand this with your first kid you do all the milestones in a nice little book and she's a log book my second kid doesn't have a log book just travel but again my kids they're used to travel and it's a benefit that I can share with them part of my work is being able to see the world so that's something I think as far as time with family even uh you know I say always before Co before Co we would take random trips as a family because we could right you know again Friday afternoon what you want to do this weekend I don't know where can we fly to my airline has a a great great feature for employees called Best Bets where you put on you put in where you starting from when you have to be back and it shows you every flight in the system that has open seats even connecting flights pretty neat so we did a lot of Best Bets years ago now there are bad parts of being a pilot right I do miss events even when I do my best to make an event I miss an event uh it can be something as simple as hey my kid had to play on Friday afternoon right my trip ends Thursday morning that should be fine but stuff happens right and sometimes I don't can't even make it home by Friday afternoon best Your Best Bets can often Come Undone but I do make a lot of events if I know about the event far enough in advance I can move my schedule around to get the time off now if it's an important event like my some a death in an immediate family or my if I have a sibling that's getting married I can ask she Chief pilot for the day off you know even if it's uh Fourth of July and I'm brand new but it's a very important event I knew about seven months ago I can arrange with the chief pilot to get the Fourth of July off even as a new hire now if it's the 4th of July every single year that's suspicious but if you need time off you can get time off even as a new hire as long as it's an important event now if it's like your wife's Best Friend's Wedding probably not but something an actual important event you can get time off even on the average month uh as a reserve I get 12 days off a month hard days could be more days after you know after I don't work every single day even as a line holder I at 15 days off a month that's fewer days per month worked than an office worker would work and we can do we do lots of stuff as a family on my days off having fallowing weekends even if I reserve pilot if I'm on reserve on a weekend and I'm on Long call Reserve I can do stuff with the family even short call Reserve I can go with the six class with the family and except around town so supposed to be an airline pilot on reserve or even line holder and still have a family life it all depends on where you live and what your social your situation is again for me living in base means everything I'm a used qual life person qu life why have life above everything else because if I can't have if I can't have my family what's point of having a job that's just me so I am not the authority on airline pilot quality life and how to raise a family I'm just giveing you my examples right it works for my family my kids have only known me as a an airline pilot you know they have never seen me do anything else uh my wife she knew me before being a pilot and we work we work together to make it work it's give and you know give and receive the entire time hope this video was somewhat cohesive hope it makes sense it was a little bit jumbled together have a great day and as always thank you for stopping by

  Top Comments:
  1. @hutchonfire1 [26 likes]: I love that you recognize your wife’s sacrifice and are clearly a team together. Good for you both
  2. @michaelniedermeyer282 [9 likes]: Appreciate this raw and very “un-romanticized” look into the life of an airline pilot. I’ve enjoyed watching some of your vlogs too!

I just took my discovery flight the other day.. and have to say it was totally rad! Despite some of the challenges, really eager to pursue this career. 

Keep up the good work, thanks!
  3. @trevoradamson5487 [5 likes]: A note regarding airlines accommodating hotels for commuters at 2:15 (at least at the regional level) - Air Wisconsin covers up to 6 hotels per month for commuters. Great video
  4. @PilotReidB [5 likes]: I was reading a reddit post the other day about how to keep a relationship as an airline pilot. Step 1. Keep your thing in your pants. Step 2. Keep your thing in your pants. Step 3. Seriously, keep your thing in your pants!. Step 4. communicate
  5. @heresthething9740 [4 likes]: Captain (You've earned the promotion), thank you for your insight.  Being the same age (with a 6 year old daughter) makes your content that more interesting to me.  You bring a side of the industry that isn't discussed enough, so thank you for this and I can't wait for your next video.
  6. @yo_justin_a [2 likes]: I want to switch careers for this! I've been saying it for about 2 years now and trying to figure out a financial plan for it.
  7. @blackjackAY [2 likes]: Me being away from home a few days a week only makes me closer to my spouse. The time we do spend together is of higher quality and cherished.
  8. @JackAndHenryvlogs [2 likes]: Hi Daryn, how old were you in 2006?
  9. @PilotMitchellHall [1 likes]: After watching one of you breakdowns involving "Time Away From Base," I decided to assess the different jobs I've had in the past based on "time away from my house."  40hrs of work plus 45min of commuting every day = about 44hrs/week away from home. (175hrs/month!). Turns out the 9to5er's are sometimes away from home more than the pilots! 

The difference being of course, it's nice for a family if everyone is away from home at the same time, so they can be together at home at the same time. 

Thanks for sharing!
  10. @JohnLego-nl7pz [1 likes]: I wish these videos were around when I was 21 because I probably would be an airline pilot. Thanks for the great content!
  11. @DreamPilot64 [1 likes]: You have a beautiful family!
  12. @lindapawson3445 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing! Very interesting!
  13. @DeuceTheTruth: Shoutout to wifey
  14. @russelwhite1584: Hello again Darren, thanks for the reply yesterday and thanks for the information in this video as well! My biggest obstacle right now is getting my wife and family onboard with me being a pilot. Like you said, need their full support or can’t do it successfully. My wife’s concerns are the risks of becoming a pilot at my age. I am pretty healthy but there is still that concern and then also the probability of me landing a good fly jobs and keeping. Obviously an airline would be the best option for the best pay. Any good insights on those type of risks? One thing that I am trying to convince her is to at least support me in getting my PPL so that I can see how well I do and see if that sets the tone for a pilot career. Thanks again!
  15. @Chillymosquito: How many days a month on average do you get off? 14 days reasonable to say?
  16. @isaac.737: Hey did you once make a going to ATP Flight School video? 
I had to look through my logbook your name sounded so familiar!
  17. @isaaclovesJesus: Jesus loves you sir <3 Stay safe.
  18. @mattyd112: Amazing insight
  19. @tomgillotti: As a single dad, leaving the military for a 121 job, I’m curious how other single parents do this job while managing their house (family, au pair, nanny, etc.).
  20. @Rmi_brandito: Is it possible to be an airline pilot single and paying all of it out of pocket? I currently spend 500 a week for 2 hrs of flight school, I don’t even wanna think about dual engine 😂

- Family Time vs. Pilot Life: How Does it Work? // #68: Kind: captions Language: en both of you guys you know the way these questions are asked it's almost like you're you're trying to trick yourself into thinking this isn't the right career for you because these hypothetical things that don't don't look at things like that I mean you're not going to not drive your car to work because you could be in an accident I mean right and I think that's why people watch this channel cuz we kind of break things down in a practical Manner and when you really analyze these situations and how they might occur the one% it's just it's just not reality of what it really is you [Music] know hi welcome to the pro pilot Playbook podcast where we give you the tips tricks and hacks to become a pilot faster and cheaper I'm Mike Martin and I'm Sean Richie yes sir and we're both home tonight it's a nice Sunday night we got our brand new podcasting microphones that Sean ordered from her he says they're the best in the business so if you notice the audio Clarity is better it's uh it's our equipment uh we're moving on up so we appreciate all the support of the channel um you know we used some of the money we've been making from YouTube and stuff to to buy some better equipment so Sean got him a a really nice uh laptop to do some editing when he's on the road how's that working out for you good good yeah I mean this is still like a a little operation here it's not like we got like a team of people doing this stuff for us it's just you and me but uh yeah we're trying to make the improvements here weren't you your first laptop um when we first started doing this you were rendering the video for the course and didn't it actually almost catch on fire yeah it I was in a hotel room rendering all this stuff and any of you know anything about video editing you know when you put all that HD stuff together that processor gets hot this laptop pretty much melted down in a uh hotel room and I thought I had lost everything but after tearing it apart and getting the hard drive out of it um most everything was intact but yeah yeah well for those who haven't watched they figured out Sean's the brains of the operation man he's a video guy I'm just yeah I'm a video yeah they know you used to professionally do video right right yep shooting people's weddings and some small television stuff but uh yep just another side Hustle yeah I'm just I'm just here for people to make fun of so so we're gonna answer a couple questions tonight uh got a got a reoccurring question that comes up uh almost every week and uh we got two this week for the same type of question so Sean what do we got over there yep uh we have questions from two different people they're are very similar questions and I'll just read them both and then we'll get into them the first one's from Justin and uh says hi Mike and Sean been a listener for a couple months now love the content uh a little background I'm 32 years old 400h hour commercial instrument rated pilot been flying on and off since high school went to college for engineering and took a Hiatus from flying as I caught uh got caught in the corporate Rat Race now in real estate with a very flexible career good money and I'm back into flying as a hobby and occasionally for business I have young kids one and four so the flexible job is working out great but unfortunately I want to fly I'm in the San Antonio area and not willing to relocate right now due to being close to family kids school Etc I understand the basics of Airline and corporate schedules the benefits the nature of the industry but I guess my question is more how do you personally deal with the daily family stuff as well as emergencies that will inevitably happen one of the the biggest Turtles for me is not being there for my family if they were to need me I have been going back and forth on either pushing a career in aviation soon or waiting until the kids are older or out of the house which will still give me a decent career length if I started in my late 40s either way I'm currently working towards my CFI and slowly working my way to 1500 hours and we'll see where it goes I'm enjoying the content look forward to more that's from and uh which is basically you know family quality of life type stuff and uh we got a very similar question with a little bit different twist here this one's from Robert hi my name is Robert and I'm looking at becoming a pilot for a career change at age 36 I'm married with three kids and one on the way no flying experience just a passion free Aviation and a desire to provide a better life for my family in there an area oh is there an area is there an area of Aviation I could look into uh other than the airlines that wouldn't have me away from my home for as long as a corporate or Airline job oh okay I hear I hear all sorts of numbers and watching some of the wife of a pilot blogs perspectives with my wife really made it seem like we might run into some serious issues one said the husband was gone in a normal month for 22 days out of the month as a corporate pilot wow that guy needs another job yeah that sounds that sounds uh on the extreme high end I'm sure he makes good money but that's not for me let's say my goal would be to be gone no more than two or three days a couple times a month any other work would be less time away than that does such an aviation career exist love the channel super informative and very helpful thank you so yeah my initial thing on exactly as I was read 22 days out of the month that's uh yeah that's a lot yeah I mean we're both corporate guys and my normal I would say I average 11 or 12 days a month yeah there's months where crazy stuff actually this month has been crazy because I had to go to training I had to go to recurrent and which was five days and that I was gone and then we also had uh one of our biggest customers he has a big conference in Vegas every year which I that just happened too so already this month I've been gone 10 days but five days of it was Vegas and five days of it was Orlando you can't complain right right yeah so some of the questions Robert can ask you know when the Market's really good like it is now when you're interviewing for these J jobs you can you know they chart all these all these stats are are known you know so um the the the number one question you ask a corporate operator is uh how many hours a year do you fly right right so um um I'm on the lower end so I'm doing 125 to 150 hours a year um which is is a is a really low end um and then I'd say average is in the 200 range and then you know you could go three four 500 but that's with one airplane it also depends on how many Pilots you have right so we're doing 150 hours on two pilots um which is just about right it's very nice and you could probably the rule of thumb you can go up to 200 or even you know 250 some people say with two pilots um and then once you go to three Pilots you know um it's much easier because you're rotating who's on trips and guys can take uh vacations and all that stuff so um in a lot of these operators they'll track how many overnights they do too and you can ask them that in an interview you could say how many overnights do you do is it a 100 uh it's a that's a uh pretty common number wouldn't you say Sean on overnights 100 100 a year maybe maybe yeah um that's a good qu I would say that's probably pretty good yeah but there are some that don't do any not any nights right I mean I think I can say their name on camera but we got an operator here in Cincinnati the one of the largest employers in Cincinnati the Kroger company most of you guys probably know them they do uh grocery store stuff and their pilot 27 different I think it's 27 different grocery store brands from wi whatever enormous company yeah yeah and uh they do almost no overnights they do all day trip so basically they go out to look at a store and they come back and uh and so those guys are home every every single night a Legion Airlines um there's a great example they do at home basing you have to live in their out bases um so they keep two airplanes in Cincinnati um and what one of the things they do to cut cost is they do no overnight so every trip you're assigned to the plane in Cincinnati the the Airbus and every single trip you do starts in Cincinnati ends back in cinc so they don't have to pay any overnight charges and uh um you know so um absolutely I I don't mean to hog this but this such a good question and then uh there's some uh there's some jobs like flight instruction you don't ever you you get to fly all day and and then and you can make a career out of that um and you're home every single night it's a nine-to-five job with a schedule um and then uh the training centers are hurting like crazy oh yeah I I I believe there's a flight safety in San Antonio too isn't there Sean I think there there's a citation Sim down there or something but I'm not certain possibly but that I mean that's a professional yeah that's a great outfit I mean those guys oh big money you know yeah they have to pay those guys good because every every week they're meeting a new set of Pilots that fly their plane that are hiring you know so they're always trying to hire the instructors away and all that um yeah yeah with the corporate world I mean it's so it's so open to say that to to think that every corporate guys out there flying 22 days a month would be a huge mistake because I mean I think you have a hard time finding the corporate guy who's gone 22 days a month it's it's the opposite of that that's way more common and the other if you're really if the corporate thing what you're thinking I mean it is the it's a plethora of of different thing you could look around and find exactly what you want where the airlines I say that because the airlines are more standardized Allegent is the Oddball doing the no overnight thing right I to my knowledge I don't know any other airline that does that no I don't either you'll you'll end up back at your base but it may be after a two-day three- day four day trip right um but yeah Allegiance kind of their own deal with that thing but 22 days a month is on the highend for anybody even the airlines all those schedules are based on 12 days 10 to 12 Day a month lines so yeah whoever you got 22 days a month from is goes back to what we just said in the last episode or the episode before that you know uh don't believe anything you hear and only half of what you see get out there get out there and investigate for yourself yeah and there's jobs you know that fit everyone's lifestyle this sounds awful to me but one of the worst schedules that I can think of being a family guy is uh these International operators will hire these Pilots month on month off so basically you go over to the middle e to fly somebody's G5 or something and you bomb around the Middle East for a month at the end of the month you Airline back then you're off for a whole month and and and some guys love it I mean and it pays like really really good you know right and there's all kinds of tax benefits in there too I think because the money was made out of the country uh the tax laws don't apply to it exactly so yeah the money the number you're seeing isn't even tax so it's a it's a huge chunk of change for some of those outfits to go fly right but don't you think Sean he could certainly find a corporate job where he's only gone you know a couple trips a month absolutely that are overnights yeah sure and and uh with no problem I mean right especially if you're in any kind of City I mean like Mike you know we're in Cincinnati there's a bunch of corporate operators here you know you can talk to you get in that Network and you network with people you talk to people you find out who does do what absolutely it's not a problem yeah yeah yeah so um uh how about how about the things breaking so the old there's an old corporate pilot joke actually pilot General joke that uh nothing ever breaks till you leave on a trip right you've heard that right sure sure yeah so what let's just hope the Trip's to the Bahamas or something what do you say to Justin man um uh have you ever had anything break at your house while you were gone Sean um oh you're talking about not an airplane breaking you're talking about the emergency at the house yes yes okay so yeah and my you know my wife's been putting up with it for a while you know we've got quite a uh we got quite a system set up and that's what I was going to say to this you know to answer your question there you get you get used to it everybody gets used to it the being gone thing and and you know you can also so like we were just saying in the other you know you can kind of seek out an operator that doesn't do that many overnights you know obviously if you're you know you got these new kids at home you got one on the way you probably shouldn't go seek out the flying the freight you know being gone for 12 days on the other side of the planet right um you know seek a more domestic operator maybe somebody does a you know fewer overnights but I don't know we have I I have my mother-in-law is awesome you know when my kids were were little babies uh she would come over and help my wife with anything um and if it was I've never had to deal with a true crazy emergency on the road but I'd like to think that we could get it figured out I mean right you can any company you're working for they can trade you out they can Airline you home uh yeah yeah I I I've had some experience with that so you know of course there's um little things that break on the house and stuff and and U you know I got my I I got a lot of complicated systems in my house because I like to screw around with stuff and you know things break you know um um I just was on a trip and my hot tub broke you know but you just don't get in it until somebody fixes it or whatever but till I get home and fix it but you know pool the pool you know the pump will go out on the pool or something like that um the the the you know the bad stuff like you know the furnace goes out or something like that uh that that you just hire somebody you know to do that um and then that so that's mechanical side now on the family emergency side of things you know like you know you're you know somebody has to go to the hospital or something bad happen so there's a lot of emphasis on that and first of all it doesn't happen very often right um I mean I've been flying for 20 years um and you know it's in flown with a lot of different Pilots it's very uncommon that there's some sort of catastrophic emergency when they're gone but what you got to think about is when that happens um it's so rare everybody works together to help you in your situation so um if you're flying domestically which is what a lot of these jobs are um I I'll give you an example I have twins and um uh I was in training in Dallas for um for initial training for of the leers and uh I was in the middle of a Sim session and that you know twins are my wife was I don't know two months early and she went into labor it was not expected I mean uh uh you know but sometimes that happens with twins and everything worked out fine or whatever but I I immediately got out of the Sim and then um uh there's you know uh eight flights a day or something non-stop from Cincinnati to Dallas it was like at 3: in the afternoon I just went straight to the uh terminal I didn't even check the flights SC on the first flight that I could and I was at the hospital probably I don't know I mean I was there before she really gave birth or anything like that so I mean maybe it took five hours for me to get home and you know I happen to be right by the airport but um you know the owners that you fly for and these companies that you fly for and the airlines that you fly for if you have an emergency you know they're going to do what they can um to to to accommodate you you know if you're supposed to leave in the morning and you have emergency that night you know maybe they delay their trip leaving and then they Airline another pilot in to relieve you you know so there's no issue so I mean this 1% chance that you're going to be stuck on a road and there's G you know somebody's gonna get in a car accident or something like that uh and you're not going to be there um really you got to think about well it depends on the time of day it happens and you know a lot of times you can quickly get back to your home City you know within several hours um but you you also have to have a support system which most people do it sounds like this guy in San Antonio he doesn't want to families there well you know you can have friends neighbors relatives your parents whatever come to assist things for a few hours until you make it back you know right yeah I mean there's other things that happen too in the corporate world I think I I talked about this in one of the episodes but one of the guys I was managing as jet for last minute this was Thanksgiving a few years ago yeah Chang his mind on what he wanted to do for Thanksgiving he was living in Florida but decided that Thanksgiving was going to be in New Jersey that year I think maybe his father wasn't doing well or something and uh last minute wanted me to Airline down to Florida and fly him in his private jet to New Jersey and then he was going to come home uh the day after thanksg or two days after Thanksgiving or something but the way it was all working out I was just going to sit up there for Thanksgiving I was going to miss Thanksgiving but we landed and uh he's like Sean you know what this is silly this was last minute um I'm sure you're missing stuff just take the jet home you know typically when we would leave the private jet somewhere it's too expensive to let the pilots fly you know themselves around places so you leave the Jet and you Airline home but that particular case we had already landed after the last flight so I'd have to take the morning flight which was Thanksgiving day and you know that crap was crazy sold out whatever he just let me take the jet home you know so that that stuff happens too yeah or or the Jet's going somewhere empty and uh you know he would you know some of these owners will let you bring your family down right um or if you got to go pick them up in the Bahamas and uh on you know whatever on Sunday well you got to fly the jet down empty to go get him out of the Bahamas you can throw your family on it a few days earlier and go have a family vacation via private jet in the Bahamas and you just stick them on an airline home unless the owner really cool yeah unless the owner's really cool and let you bring the family home on the jet too with yeah that's a rarity but yeah yeah that's rare that's rare but I would not both of you guys you know the way these questions are asked it's almost like you're you're trying to trick yourself into thinking this isn't the right career for you because these watch this channel because we kind of break things down in a practical Manner and when you really analyze these situations and how they might occur the one% it's just it's just not reality of what it really is you know there's also something else that happens we did a podcast similar to this early on when we first started doing this it might have been in the first 10 episodes or something um you know there was my wife has told people when because people just think Pilots are gone all the time and right uh you know people say stuff to my wife and like how do you deal with him being gone all the time you know and she'll usually say something like well first of all he's never gone you know he's not gone all the time he works like two days a week what do you mean he's always home bugging or whatever it is you know uh but you know the times when I was early in my career when we were flying Charter or something and you know we maybe we were gone four or five days you know a couple times a month the other thing my wife has said is she actually thinks it is good for our relationship because yeah I've heard that yeah because you know you're gone there's time apart from each other and then you come back home and like you know oh you know the kids are like Daddy is home or whatever it rekindles everything it's fun you know you go out to dinner I've been gone for a few days everybody's back together um totally totally versus being in the house every day you know with each other every hour of every day I don't know you know it's not all bad right yeah so uh I I would definitely say uh and and this is not just the job I have now but throughout my career um that in General uh that's a huge misconception that we're gone all the time I feel like I am home and especially it's a little different when your kids are in school but when you have little kids you're actually with your kids more than a parent with a nin to-5 job because let's face it you know okay so 9 to5 40 hours a week but really if you're making the kind of money that we're making these high-powered Executives and things like that they work a lot more than 40 hours but let's just say you work 40 hours then on top of that uh you got to commute and everything that goes to that so now you're gone 45 hours or 47 hours a week and you know there's weeks uh where we don't fly at all you know or you might be gone you know two two days which is you know 48 hours but half of that sleeping which you would be sleeping if you were at home anyway with a 9 to-5 job so you can actually help out more you know you're home during the day to help out your wife when the kids are little and you know I know a lot of people with little kids really save on daycare um because they'll they'll watch the kids you know two or three days a week whichever days they're not flying and then they only need child care on you know the other two days they work out with either a relative or or a center or something you know a daycare center that they can pick the days you know and they pay half price or something so you know you really home more it's just a different pattern than than it now yeah it's great you know dad comes home every day with a 9 to-5 job at an office and you know it's it's 6:30 you have dinner every night and all that that that that is nice I get that and then you can plan your vacations 5 years ahead of time and you go you know all that me some of that you do lose but uh to your point Sean some of that's kind of boring anyway right I live your life yeah yeah um yeah back to the emergency stuff you know I I started to say you know like we have uh my mother-in-law is kind of my wife's helper if something were going down you know and I'm not home um but you know you need a kind of a support system or whatever yeah is are you going to be there for every spider the wife finds in the kitchen you know the you know as the husband you're usually the the bug catcher you know yeah she's probably gonna have to learn to get rid of any bugs on her own but uh yeah yeah other than that you just reminded me when you brought up mother-in-law great Aviation joke that goes around the training center the Challenger Training Center so so uh when you're when they're teaching you in the Sim about reversions right so what this is is you have those uh uh display screens in the cockpit that have all your instruments on it so have you heard this Sean no I don't think so so the in the in the Challenger 300 there's four so you have the primary one that you stare at that has all your flight instruments then another one with all your engine instruments and cast messes and then one for navigation and then your co-pilot's primary instrument well when one of those screens burns out it does what's called a reversion okay so um it'll consolidate data and it'll move it around so all the like if you're one you're staring out with your flight instruments you don't have to do anything if it goes out it'll automatically move over to this side um um um and uh uh the the and then if another one goes out then it consolidates that and everything and you lose some things and you don't lose whatever um but but the joke in the schoolhouse was the the the small box with uh all the engine instruments which tells you know how the engines are running your pressures and all that stuff it never goes away ever it's always on that so they call that the Mother-in-law box that's what they say because she never goes away so no matter what screen you lose she's always there but yeah no that that's not joke about it but that is uh very helpful especially when you have small kids it doesn't matter if you travel a lot anyway um you if you have a regular job and you have small kids and your parents aren't local uh you know that that that's taxing you know so yeah it doesn't matter yeah that's the way I'm looking at it I mean you're probably going to end up at the house way more than you were uh working any other kind of job is basically the bottom line I'm thinking yeah yeah yeah yeah and you'll have yeah a lot more extra free time in fact your relationship might need an adjustment uh because you're home too much you're home too much exactly yeah yeah yeah yeah but these are you know Robert and just these are great questions they they come up a lot I know I've been asked him personally a lot all the time you have all that yeah yeah yeah there's a YouTube video with those Lego men and the it's the pilots wives have you watched that before Oh the pilots wives no I've seen it the uh live in the dream thing is that what you're talking yeah the live in a dream there's one with the wives and everything's broken we might we we'll put a link in the in the descript it's really funny man I love yeah that's funny the white all the Lego piece that's good I like that yeah and they're the women are at a cocktail party a Lego cocktail party and it sounds like they're in Atlanta they must be Delta Pilots or something and they they all got the southern draw you know and they're the ones asking the one's wife is not a pilot and the other one is or whatever the husband and and uh she's asking oh you're your uh your your your husband's out flying and and she goes oh yeah yeah she yeah he is and and then she says well where's he at and he's an airline pilot so I mean he goes like 406 he's like she's like you know I I don't really know and then she turns to the other lady oh my God she doesn't even know where her husband is but they're making but yeah it is a little hard to keep track you know um sometimes I'll be talking to my wife on the phone where are you at again oh I yeah my wife gave up trying to figure out where I'm at uh right right and another uh Captain gave me a tip early on when your wife calls and you're on the road no matter what the weather is you always tell her it's raining oh it's crappy here ter horrible it's really unseasonable it's been raining in Bermuda all constantly yeah that's good stuff yep yep yep but yeah keep the questions going yeah we love it um try uh we mentioned in the last podcast try to send in some videos if you guys know how to do it we'll put your video on the screen actually with you asking a question but we love the questions and uh got some still some good things in the works we got some good interviews coming up we're working on one that I think is going to be probably our most watched video ever I'm working on a a really good one so we'll we'll have that in the next few weeks but until then keep liking and subscribing yeah real quick though they've probably already stopped watching but this whole video thing we have technically yet to receive we just mentioned it for the first time last week yeah but uh whoever yeah whoever sends it in first man you're you're going up they're going to get the preferential treatment of getting answered you know before everybody else sending in the video question yes and we just launched our live coaching option on the course which we've gotten a uh some great response for that we've we've already done our first coaching call um so yeah yeah U take a look at that if you want some more direct consultation from us uh that is available but uh yeah it's exciting got a lot of exciting things with the channel we're really having a lot of fun so we appreciate all your view views and likes all right we will see you next week thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @JacobH-q5c [9 likes]: Thanks again for the videos guys! Starting pilot training from a career pivot at 27 and you guys are a big reason. Appreciate all you do.
  2. @Frosty-cg8xf [7 likes]: The colors look sharper and the audio sounds crisper! I appreciate the improvement gents!
  3. @kavanlake871 [5 likes]: You guys are awesome.  Thank you for this podcast.  I’m 48 and heading to my first regional after 23 years of military service (rotor wing).   I’m so excited.  Got a family as well, and we know we’ll get into a routine and figure it out 😌✌🏾
  4. @JamR0ck [5 likes]: 22 days sounds like a double life😮
  5. @Archonch [2 likes]: "He just let me take the jet home" 😄
  6. @kuroe-chan5190 [1 likes]: Thanks for this my husband is serious contemplating career change from mechanic for 20 yrs to become commercial pilot. We are starting later we are 38 no kids at the moment so this schedule is definitely doable for us however in the next couple of years we do plan to expand family and the time has been a question we’ve gone over a lot but for the money and ability to support our little family years to come it’s something we are willing to explore . Appreciate the truth from how y’all experienced it
  7. @YAJBEATSofficial [1 likes]: thank you for this, this is the true behind the curtain conversations us men (and women) should be having. our careers are important, but we are also family people.
  8. @sterlingmorgan9899 [1 likes]: Damn guys! Your timing with this is spot on! Switching out of healthcare into aviation and had to have the time away career talk with the spouse. Thank you guys for the insight and always putting such a real no BS approach on the lifestyle. Cheers! 🍻
  9. @MegaZboo [1 likes]: Any Swiftly sighting during the football game?
  10. @jaketrilla764: @propilotplaybook
What would you say the timeline is to get to the point where you deal with the problem of being home too much?
It sounds great to me, but isn’t that a late career expectation?
  11. @slimesspeedshoptv: being stuck in the house every day with your woman/kids I have seen ruin some men, that shit was too funny. Awesome perspective on the rekindling that relationship coming and going. Channel rocks, new sub for sure.
  12. @JUGGAKNOTREACTS: Took my discovery flight on my 39th birthday this year, and I'm going to pursue my flight career thanks to videos like this , I didn't think it was possible. Thanks guys!!
  13. @stjets: As you allude to, hours are just one indicator, but days per month is a more accurate answer to the question of "how hard will this job be on me AND my family"...
  14. @quamirsivels5757: Hello Sean and mike, I’m 21 years old and in training to be a controller. I was able to acquire my PPL in 2021 (at age 19) with the Covid money I was receiving. But once I got my license the money spout ran out and it’s been 2 years since I’ve been flying. My ultimate goal is to become an airline pilot or corporate. Was wondering if you guys know any former controllers that have transitioned into being pro pilots or controllers that fly on the side. Thanks so much guys! I have been watching you guys since January of 2021 and I look forward to every new pod
  15. @Harlanb2002: I like you videos.  You mentioned Lego movies/videos.  Do you have the links? Thanks!
  16. @tyciarlo1999: Hi, I’m an 18 year old college student at a university studying aviation business management with a pro pilot track. My family wanted me to start out with college, but I am realizing how college is a huge waste of time and money.  I would also like to be flying more than 3 times per week. My question to you guys is would it be better if I went and did the Liberty partnership and finished my degree in Aviation online with an R-atp, or fast track my training and finish a business degree online which I have more credits for already
  17. @JBREEZ1: Still waiting for any tips tricks and hacks  to make  it faster and cheaper ???
  18. @paulnagel8161: Another great video! There have been some rumors starting to creep up about airline layoffs, which seems very odd given the hiring frenzy that is going on.
  19. @DallasFort1857: can you guys make a video of all the supporting aviation job i e ATC, maintenance etc
  20. @mannygathers2114: Every spider/ bug catcher 😂😂😂

- 132. The Balancing Act: Parenthood and Pilot Life: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is the 215 show you're on 1215 the emergency frequency whether you're a professional pilot or want to be one you're in the right place let's get started join professional aviators Dylan and Max as they talk their experience in the airlines business Aviation and more is good industry experts unique stories and plenty of fun this is the 215 show we're here we're back welcome to another episode of the 215 professional Pilots podcast hosted by two professional Pilots friends since college now brother-in-laws brothers-in-law I think is the correct way to pronounce Brothers in-law correct uh thank you it's a show for professional Pilots hello my name is Dylan in business Aviation welcome Maxwell I think we've got to start off by talking about uh a shared Father's Day experience we had yesterday um you inaugurated me into your your Brotherhood um can you tell the listeners about your latest purchase and uh and uh what you're up to well yeah it's our we we also go to the same uh like chiropractor and been having some soft tissue I think did I mention this before I got the lamest injury of all time I somehow I injured my forearm I don't even your heavy chart case probably it's horrible dude because every time you go to shake somebody's hand like at Southwest every time a crew it's that's the worst is having your hand vertical like that and then squeezing and you can't just like what are you gonna do like fist bump everybody look like an idiot so anyway so he's so you turned me on to to our boy Frank and we've been going there and he's like man if you want to continue to do stuff like you were younger you're going to have to figure something else out to to help recovery and and I listened to a lot of the data on cold plunges and I've been I've been just like crossing my fingers that there was no substantial data that would come out to make this because it's it is miserable it's horrible like who wants to do that right but Frank's like you know what man he goes the data there's some new there's only one study basically it says you know yeah for delayed onset muscle soreness it is effective but for all the other stuff like there's there's just been no long-term studies he goes just try it it's all it's you will get the results if you just try it I'm like no fine and so so yeah I tried it and it does it does work for like it's just like like when you're played football in high school and you would have like a sore shoulder and you would ice your shoulder well now when you're 45 everything is sore so you need an ice pack for your whole body and that is what a cold plunge does it just makes your joint everything that's sore um so after the gym or whatever it's great to go in the cold punch so uh I'm like Dylan you got and I think Frank's can grind you a little bit about it too right yeah yeah mhm so yeah so we did the cold plunge yesterday Dylan took it like a man it was I have a lot of insulation that's that's on my side I think that's that's very helpful but was was cool now I got to figure out how to acquire one for myself and you do it in the mornings normally you like remember when we were like right out of college and work and we would like go and sit in your tub and read the newspaper every morning and drink coffee do you like sit in your cold plunge and drink coffee now or no no cuz it's not enjoyable it's miserable but no I I generally do it uh post post trauma if there like if there's if I'm going to the gym or working out today or whatever then I'll go as soon after that is I think the best but if not then yeah I just go when it's convenient I got some footage maybe the kesi can make a little cold plunge reel of us you were still quoting does that have to do with Aviation that the question you were still What About Bob in the cold plun so was good um you told you just told me someone wrote in are we going to read that today about I got to find it yeah someone gave us a shout out for What About Bob references I I I was hoping just one listener would so I feel like we're Justified you got to wonder how many people haven't seen pretty old all right we better talk about Aviation here and uh and uh reel The Lure listeners back in uh if we lost you you can you can come back here uh this is an aviation podcast promise let's talk talk about some airplane stuff uh Max you've been doing all the cool stuff lately because my airplane's been in the shop but uh all start well no you start uh you recently went to a forbidden country can you talk a little bit about oh yeah your yeah I traded into a trip just because it was like the days that I needed to work and I need to move a trip around and I picked it up and it was uh had a Havana turn which is kind of cool I went so I went to Cuba in college under a one summer for I can't remember it was like a week or week and a half under an educational Visa so it was legal um and you know took we hopped on a flight like this where it was uh right from LAX um with a bunch of other people that had legal reasons to go to Cuba mostly I think it's because people have family there okay um and so but yeah at Southwest we run service to Havana it's just you know a turn we don't we don't you from La not from La uh no from from Tampa oh okay is where I did it from I think we do it from Fort Lauderdale too but um so yeah it was just kind of you know when you were an airline pilot and you don't you don't do new stuff that rare that you go somewhere you haven't been yeah and even then it's you know Havana is a little more interesting than most of the places we go anyway so it was cool it was interesting uh got to go in buy my kids some Cuban baseballs oh you did uhhuh yeah well you you can go off it's funny they don't let the fight tents off but the pilots are allowed to go in I guess they had problems with them like coming out being making the flight late or whatever cuz they have like stuff you can buy in there you know oh oh I see I tell you I walked by I looked at a box of Cubans I was like oh I really want to bring that home yeah cigars right okay not not people okay got it yeah yeah one for each wheel well it would have been fine I don't know where you were going with that one dude cool though I I might be getting this wrong I actually I'm not even going to tell the story cuz I think I don't have enough details um we we will skip over that um cool and did you did I they love to like give like the line guys and the rampers like coca-colas did was that still a thing I remember that was a thing in corporate you didn't even no no I don't think that was a thing this was funny though so we land and I see like all like you know I'm kind of into like these old Russian airliners and stuff oh yeah and I and then we land and I see on the roll out like Midfield there's uh some old kubana like an IS 96 and a tup 204 anov and I was like oh sweet and I'm like perfect cuz we're we we basically the um the ramp is at the that side of the runway and we and they were using the the r we landed on and so we I was like perfect we're in a taxi right by it on the on the my side of the airplane I'll get some good photos whatever and then we literally call for taxi and they're like uh rate change in progress advisement ready to copy rout and I'm like so they had to like it give you a whole rout which is just a departure change but it was like this Monumental effort and then they're like they give us this this routed clearance different departure like okay taxi position or line up and wait and I'm like bro this is this is the airlines we got to go run checklist and rebrief and yeah you know rerun so it was it's so no pictures yeah so no picture I was so pissed I was like man that was it bummer I know never never works out never works out but you at least you saw it yeah that's the problem right um all right so yeah like I mentioned I've had some time off and uh so we went to Washington DC took the kids did all the museums and everything uh listeners know that my kids are so I have one my older son's more into Aviation than the younger one but they're both pretty interested and uh so we've been to a lot of Aviation museums been in the cockpit of the Spruce Goose and and seen a fair amount of things and so the Aaron Space Museum in DC was our big like Grand Finale and so it was on the final day in the afternoon you have to like book tickets you don't have to pay for them but you have to like reserve a time to go in and uh so we got our tickets and it was like all we had all afternoon set aside to do it we get in there 60% of the museum is closed for renovation and it was just like a couple different halls and you're just like ah you got to be kidding me did you get to see the CU you did not go to the udvar J hzi one out by Dulles right that was the problem I have been there was that one 100% open though that one's 100% open free no tickets come whenever you want but we didn't know until the final day the problem is it's an hour away and we we didn't have a car so like it it been kind of you there all week so yeah you probably couldn't find an hour to go to the best Aviation Museum in the country I get I get that I mean an hour is an hour you know um actually is it the best one I I have heard that the one at Wright Patterson is better uh I've been to that one too you have I have not I have I've heard a lot of people tell me that that one's amazing it is very cool it's I mean it's obviously a lot more military focused yeah I think it depends on what you're they have some really cool stuff like the you know what the have blue uh yeah mhm predecessor to the night yeah yeah that was there that's kind of cool to see like there's a lot of historic some cool stuff there but yeah that but that's what at at the uh Aon Space Museum I mean they have like the Bell X1 they have the freaking which we didn't see Voyager right that do they have the they have the right flyer we saw the right flyer they have they used to the right flyer when we were there a long time ago was like hanging from the ceiling now they have an entire room dedicated to it but the right Pat one has the xp70 valkyrie oh that thing's pretty you're just standing there like oh it's it's quite a machine it's a it's cool and I'm sure once it's redone it's it's going to be awesome but it's been in renovation since 2018 apparently we just didn't do a good job of checking the details there so that was the one let down of the trip but uh still cool that's right but at least hey you know what though at least you saved that hour drive so yeah we did it's perfect because we'll be back there soon we live right down the street actually cool another cool right down the street yeah uh another cool story though remember uh we just did an email from that listener uh Robert who was flying for the National Park Service the helicopters and then he went Southwest him the whole thing I got to see those helicopters in action like flying all around I think they were flying on like a Friday afternoon like right over The Monuments when we were there it seemed like maybe they were um I don't know if they were like clearing the area for the Marine 1 Helicopter I I have no idea but it was pretty interesting so that was cool that was quite cool we also saw one of the helicopters that I think they would use as Marine one as well so all in all super fun trip all the things huh all the things yep so that's that's the only Aviation stories I I really have except for you know one Cessna 150 flying but uh that's it's very quiet did you tell everyone about your big checkout already big check fully checked out yeah fully checked out that thing is going to be so fun to fly was a 500 foot perm minute climb ever exceeded that's my question it's the problem is like when I take my weight just the weight of me and then divide it by the horsepower of the engine like that the ratio there is not already not very good and then did you do any like uh power off like simulated engine failures during your checkout yeah it's uh I did yeah we already talked about this on the show oh all right sorry forgot yeah highkey lowkey everything all right uh you kind of had an eventful trip to Aspen as well yeah that was uh I think Aspen Havana no big deal uh yeah we so we went to Aspen you know we did the approach it was it was fine it was clear million whatever and uh and then we saw a couple people do the circle to5 so uh 3 three or 3 three I'm sorry land a five and and depart 33 but this would be landing 33 which is very close to a lot of terrain basically you kind of have to and there's two methods to we saw people so we were staying at this hotel and they had like the pool and hot tub and stuff on the roof so we could right over in downtown Aspen so you could see people that would do one way to circle is to come and you kind of whip right over town and then make a tight turn in the canyon and come in on the base and like short base and whip it in and land right wow and then there's this other approach called the Hunter Creek arrival which I don't I didn't see anybody do it that doesn't mean anybody didn't but um we're kind of we're looking at it I think you you told me about it um and and there's like somebody has a on the internet there's like a CH with some way points and some good like uh overlays on um satellite imagery and stuff so you can kind of see but basically allows you to come in kind of over town again but it uh no this isn't foreflight this I just saved this to my documents thing in foreflight but you it it kind of has you come over red table and then around downtown and so you're not making these big 180 or you know big tight long turns kind of like 90° turn and then like a less than 90 to the runway so um oh yeah kind all briefed up and prepped to do that and cuz when we left the winds were forecast to turn around and like be out of the north um decently enough where you wouldn't be able to land too much of a Tailwind so so we're like we're all ready to do that and come back and I've never I've done the I've done the circle in the sim a bunch of times just over town but I have never done the Hunter Creek arrival but I'm like this looks this seems a lot safer a lot more civilized um so so we're all ready to do it so we blast off and I'm looking to see because gas is obviously ridiculous and Aspen so we're going to to drop people off and Co back to Aspen and I'm and I pull up on for flight I'm looking at the runway performance to see how much gas we could bring back in make sure we could you know tanker a bunch in and it says Runway 15 or uh it says the runway is closed and I'm like what I'm like and and I click on it and there's like this notem that just got issued I'm like we just left there like half hour ago and they' closed the runway because a Runway one of the generator powered lights that they put out like you know the big X or whatever I'm not sure which one it was but they had one out and it had caught on fire and damaged the runway like I we just Departed the runway obviously it wasn't that big of a deal right um and uh it's like way on the edge of the runway and so anyway they um Aspen just decides to close the airport for Rivals starting at 11:00 a.m. and then departures at 5 p.m. so every there like has to yeah leave so so needless to say we did not get to do the Hunter Creek arrival Circle to 33 and we got to do the uh rifle hour and 20 minute drive to Aspen so it's a ride of passage for every corporate pilot yeah I had to do it with the owner one time we all shared the car that's always the hard part yeah I remember we we did that that approach in the G3 dude back and with the intercept the localizer on you know Miss approach and we had enough gas to like go back to Phoenix you know and and owner was like can we hold can we try to get I'm like we can but we'll probably miss and then we'll get to rifle and there'll be no cars and no Transportation so I think we should divert right now he's like oh yeah yeah yeah good idea yeah because that's always that's the the that's the problem yeah that's the problem is the transportation oh we can get you an SUV right away sir it'll be $2,800 to uh get you up to ask yeah but you have to wait four hours yeah that's the not that was bad and they just canceled all the airline flights in there it was it was kind of a disaster yeah uh well if you want more on Aspen remember when we actually talked to our boy Jason Herman about Aspen and we did an entire podcast on flying in and out of Aspen that's right um so we'll have a link in the show notes to that episode The the number escapes me that was early on in our 215 days um but yeah what we talk about that I'd love to see if you got a video of uh flying the into uh the Hunter Creek arrival on 33 it' be cool to see as well that would be cool the well there is one on the internet already yeah on the thing and then uh the other thing too about Aspen that you know there's the missed approach whatever yeah um that that's not you know the hugest deal in the world if you just kind of know what you're getting into but um you execute that M approach way back from the runway right the M approach point is not over the end of the runway it's way way out there oh um yeah so the real deal is the bed Landing if you're Landing on 15 and there's like a 50 foot go around yeah that's that's the real deal yeah exactly which not a lot of something if you go on there I think um you should practice in the Sim so when we go back to the Sim this is on our list is the the visual approach Runway 33 we have no plans to go back there we but just for fun and then the the bed Landing off of5 yeah I I've I've done that in the Sim as well it's great single engine even too have you done that the single engine missed single engine locked land in can't remember if we did that one I think it was just a two engine one and I think they did it like uh it was really well done because they uh the scenario because it was where we shot the approach how did we do this I remember we shot the approach broke out really high and then as we did the bed Landing they brought the clouds down so we're like oh bed Landing you know well we'll just visually you know avoid them and then like we were right back into the clouds the guy was like all right now what so yeah it was kind of a good scenario but anyways I got one more uh one more thing on the list here before we jump into book club chapter 5 flying with an owner kind of an interesting uh interesting job in the in the corporate world so for folks that may not know there are certain jobs certain airplanes uh that are owned by folks happen to also be Pilots a lot of businessmen are also pilots and so there are some jobs where you'll fly um kind of as the I don't want to say some jobs are the you're just the babysitter some jobs it's you know it's actually more of a professional crew but uh often the owner will be one of the pilots and uh you and I have both been in that situation before so and uh we just came across a a opportunity in Scottsdale someone would was reached out to us to tell tell us about one um with an owner flyer owner pilot and I just thought it'd be interesting to chat about it for a minute and uh and and reflect on on our experiences doing it yeah it's one thing where even if the person you fly with is like the manager of the flight department or whatever but it's it's very different to fly with the person that signs your paycheck yeah exactly it's an interesting Dynamic you got and most it go is up to to them the owner being that how they um kind of set the tone of the whole thing but I I flew the one dude who was an owner that was he was he was good enough he was a DEC you know good enough pilot and everything um he just I remember he always like was was trying a little too hard to save fuel you know yeah like and he just we didn't have it was very archaic was in that beach jet serial number one yeah that we flew that had like all round dials had basically you know the original monochromatic Kalin 89 King it was like that GPS yeah and it had a function where it would calculate the feet per minute you know The Descent rate to cross stuff and he would just let it get way too aggressive be like just falling out of the sky like a like a rock and I was just like this is so necessary like how and I look too like the same leg that we flew without him because we did have two pilots it wasn't always with the owner just occasionally and the fuel burn was like I mean within yeah 20 pounds or something me nothing money out of his pocket no we're going to miss this cross like so close to missing the cross or missed it it was just like this is the dumbest thing or we'd hit it too fast doing yeah yeah but what are you gonna say like yeah he's gas that formation Airman I had the opposite experience to the OD pilot I flew with also in beach jet shout out to the beach jet um he had no interest in flying he he was simply in the right seat because he didn't want to pay anybody else I so it was like because the the real the owner pilot stuff that the hardest part is when you're sitting in the right seat watching somebody fly and you've got to like H like like Max is saying finesse like oh maybe we should flare you know oh this might be a bad idea but at least my situ was he did he had no desire to like you know actually so that was nice I I didn't have to worry about that the problem was he talked on the radios and he also was interested in like saving time and money he was constantly asking the controllers for direct everywhere like this is like too we would be like if you've ever flown into van eyes or Burbank we're coming from the desert uh from from the east from fedix and he'd be the whole time can I get direct can we get direct to the airp that was like back on the linkx 8 days right where it's like you go behind the M we got to go like a 100 miles out of our way like they're not just going to give us direct plus there's a mountain range right there like there not what it's not possible he like I'm just going to ask and I'd be like dude they're not going to give it to you and so we'd you know we'd be up in the flight levels like clearly a jet you know and he'd be like can we get direct van eyes and the controllers were like no like don't ask did he fly much did he most no it was I mean that part was fine it was just like constantly just sitting there and you're just like all right man whatever you want to say like you're just going to make us sound like morons but oh god well that's better than like at the airline sometimes C like hey hey oh ask for uh ask for direct and you're like dude but then then you have to be the you're forced at least it was him I just yeah it was just but it was just well yeah just but Ju Just Ask just ask ask what could be the what could be the harm the worst part was one out of a thousand times they they' give him direct too so then it was like oh see see I had a I had I the dude like that and he's like I was I was like this is going to be perfect cuz I had like you know normally when you eat you're like hey you got the radios you know and you eat your lunch and as soon as he started pulling the the direct nonsense I'm like your radios and I pulled out a sandwich yeah flipped my mic up go you go for it you ride this pony ride this Pony yeah so interesting um so it's not for everybody I would say but if you it's it's just like everything else in corporate especially if you find the right situation you find an owner that you get along with or maybe that you know trusts your judgment or could be a freaking awesome just very dependent on on the owner like I said the tone remember the one there's an Infamous one in uh in Scottdale a dude who always wanted to fly and he would always do the takeoffs and landings and take off climb up a little bit and then unbuckle and be like all right you have the aircraft and go the back and sit there the whole flight and and we're not talking about like a a you know a citation Bravo we're talking about like do so wide cabin like 7x yeah like 7x to Europe we go and then like yeah let me know let me know when go the back and like sleep and hang out and then the literally like not even like top of descent he comes in like on the arrival like all right you're slowing to 250 he's like oh all right where let's do this sounds good what Runway they Us in great perfect all right do once you brief me on the landing I'm going to do yeah it's like oh my God can you imagine that's that's not that's not good geez yeah so which again that's another dude that's like it was a very very wealthy person this like hire another fine kick him out and go do the landing who cares but like yeah bogas M well and Ted would have been thrilled remember that would have been his dream job who remember he was telling us Ted oh yeah that would be he could have been the the relief guy just comes up all right the relief guy right with his switch comes right in all right what are we doing oh man yeah I mean I guess the owner pilot thing too in in recent days the insurance Market has really shot a lot of that down to I know the single pilot owner flown airplane is almost like a thing in the real real tough heavy metal but anyways um yeah so send Max a message on LinkedIn if you're interested in that single pilot or that owner phone jail he'll uh he'll set it up Eagle careers has the exclusive listing on that yeah could be awesome um all right chapter five hard Landing book club this was a good one Max I I read this one last night and uh highlighted sended you some screenshots of some of my favorite passages but uh you want to just give us a quick overview of chapter 5 well this is post right after dereg right and everybody's kind of uh scrambling and so this is focusing on uh on Frank Lorenzo and a little Airline called Texas air that he was running he's like well Texas International Texas International I'm sorry um and he they they figured out that in this new era they were they were too small to go head-to-head with United or American y TW but they weren't small enough to be nimble enough and and like like uh like Southwest was at the time yeah um to keep their cost low and and be able to fly some stuff that and not not have to compete with head-to-head with people and do some creative things so they figured out that they were just going to die if they didn't either you know grow substantially so um that was it was interesting to figure out how they ended up doing that right and to keep his cost low instead of expanding their own Airline he uh oh wait no I'm getting him confused no no you're right yeah no they they basically created an alter ego Airline Texas a New York they created Texas air which they called it New York New York air or New York City air and that was kind of the basic like start of this the airlines have this problem which is the not problem but the way it's built is with the unionization right and then you have so you have these labor contracts and then you have these workforces that age and then your costs go up every single year and so Lorenzo was kind of the first guy to figure out like well why don't I just start a new Airline then we can just start over on the bottom of the pay scale for everybody so well it was also non-unionized Workforce the pay at the time itself and starting with everybody Junior so he he kind of innovated on that idea and it and it was super unpopular and and the book mentions you know Alpa was picketing and and doing all this stuff and the book now this is just the opinion of the author I and we could probably find people that would say differently the author said that it had like no effect alpa's alpa's efforts had no effect and just actually raised awareness for the airline and and so you it was like it kind of back any publicity is good publicity kind of deal and yeah and then they said Americans at the time didn't really care you were losing their uh organized labor was sort of falling out of favor with general public so no one really cared about that as much so it sounded like and then right around that same time a little bit after is when the big controller strike and then Reagan fired them all and that kind of put everybody uh as a against unionized labor sort of left a bad bad taste in everybody's mouth so yeah and and and so that was sort of the start of these creative ways around labor and and losing a lot of Labor's um Leverage and we sort of by the time you and I got to the airlines a lot of this had gone right like Union contracts were now they had figured out how to like add language to avoid this sort of alter ego Airlines and going around and start starting new companies and doing that kind of stuff but that was not like that was through you know Blood Sweat and Tears that they figured all that out and and this is the beginning of explaining how that worked yeah and and ultimately uh lenzo's right-hand man Burr finally got fed up with his his uh BS and he bailed and with a couple other people from uh his operation then they started their own company which ended up being people Express which was me like a whole new like he's applying you know appealing to maso's law and like making everybody happy and maybe paying them less but they wouldn't really care because they were so into it and requiring them to uh you know buy stock even if it would had to be lent uh money from the company to to be invested so if it went bankrupt everybody went bankrupt which interesting idea yeah sign me up let's all go bankrupt together um you know he was definitely an idealist and we've seen this happen still you know I mean I feel like the early stages of Jet Blue uh Breeze some of these you know David neilan I think sort of carried parts of the torch of this where it's like you're getting people to buy in and I mean I would say this even now still like in my experience the people at Southwest are always the friendliest and to say who do you think invented that was Southwest everybody in my opinion like I know the crews are going to be the friendliest and and everything else and and the book goes on to illustrate it's like you know we may not offer the full Sak dinner on the flight but if it's only an hourong flight and the flight attendants are nice and everyone's sort of happy I mean they even had like attractiveness guidelines for like the the people they were hiring so they figured the experience might cover up on some of the the Frills you know yeah it's I mean obviously you could never say this nowadays but they but one of the other big things is they were cross trining everybody to do other things like be flight attendants and and stuff and they're like they're like yeah everybody would be good-looking like there they he bur says nobody will come to the headquarters in a wheelchair because they're all going to be cross trained as fly tents and they couldn't do that job handicapped I'm like oh my God that's aggressive but was was different time yeah um this was an interesting quote here uh regarding pilots and he said the idea of job rotation had another virtue it would prevent the pilots of people expressed from becoming aloof and independent as they were at every other Airline Burr at the bottom mistrusted pilots pilots have a character flaw he once explained they have innate sense of superiority and entitlement aggressive males are drawn to piloting it's heavily left brain dominant very well toilet trained rotating Pilots into other jobs accounting customer service scheduling whatever would keep them focused on the company as well as the cockpit it's very disruptive to have them only fly planes it doesn't fully use their talents therefore they get unhappy they become bad employees it went without saying that engaging pilots in the Affairs of the company would also make them less prone to unionization what an idea huh H yeah I I know when I don't get to fully use my talent I get real unhappy yeah exactly oh yeah I don't don't think that philosophy ended up working out uh as I examined the landscape today but uh pretty funny it was interesting but this was that's what I think was so fascinating about this book is people were trying things it was the Wild West people didn't know oh let's you know uh yeah giving away bottles of booze or straight dinner all like everyone yeah it was creative the thing was there was there was so much I wouldn't I don't know if you say more competition but more people to compete with because there were so many more carriers right oh yeah so you had this ability to try and set yourself apart talking about there was 20 Airline like they were like in the top 20 Airlines it was just so Regional the other interesting thing about this book uh or this chapter Max and I think it might be relevant to what's going on uh with some Southwest investors right now is they started to talk about like leveraged buyouts and how Lorenzo was starting to figure out like I could buy a much bigger competitor by doing you know fancy maneuvering um with Wall Street bankers and that's how I can grow and I think the the biggest prime example of this is how America West went on to basically absorb US Airways and American Airlines somehow you know um but we're we still see this today and recently I think I but wasn't there a group of investors that are trying to get changes enacted at Southwest yeah well there it's uh this company called Elliot yeah they bought like a 10% stake um you know via stock in the company and then wrote this open letter and called for replacement of the CEO and the board so that uh because they haven't evolved with the with the new environment of Revenue generation with you know charging for bags and all these different Fair classes and and all this stuff um which is interesting kind of throws you know it's been in the news a lot and and um I don't know I mean my my opinion of it is you know they they if they they may have some valid points but um you know writing a letter and expecting it to ax all of the leadership of the company the next day this a pretty bold move especially the biggest thing is that Southwest before any of this they' said look yeah we need to they've acknowledged the fact that they need to capiz on some additional revenue streams and they said we'll be revealing this plan in September at investor day so I think that uh it it will be obviously I don't think anything's going to happen until they have a chance to reveal their plan and say hey here here's what we're going to do CU why would you just ask everybody when they already have said they're revealing a plan to address the same things like it's um but certainly um it adds a lot of pressure to do something and but I just think it's kind of interesting too is that Southwest was always so Innovative and stuff but at a certain point you get to such a size it makes it harder to do that like we're the you know the largest domestic carrier by far you can't just but but but uh which has changed things at the airlines certainly um so I don't know we'll have to see what happens yeah September will I will be listening in September for sure see what they uh what they come up with but at the end of the day too it's like you know what am I going to do like that's as as P people get so worked up about stuff that you again have zero control over well maybe Max you're going to be doing one day a month in accounting so maybe you can have something to do yeah I gu I'm going have to figure out what my cross my cross train job was wow what would you do what would I do I'm trying to think what other if I was at another job at the airline I don't think I'd want to do any other job at the airline yeah I don't think I'd want to do an office job I'd want to be like out and active I dispatcher there you go yeah there you go yeah I guess that's cheating um those guys aren't too important they can't have a pilot do something that's too can't have pilots in charge of more than one flight at a time I guess I mean you you wouldn't want to drive the tug I don't think maybe I don't know provisioning maybe provisioning oh that'd be interesting yeah AC Acquisitions some of those guys they have Gs they have a pretty good time dude they have the tunes bumping up there you know they're just doing their thing rocking out stalking gys I I had a student from emberry Riddle That I think actually like switched into like procurement for the airline that would be kind of interesting oh I know it would be really super interesting like doing some type of like Parts Acquisitions and that I don't know it'd be fascinating to like learn about how like huge scale uh maintenance operations work so anyways interesting uh chapter and uh it's just a winding tale so hopefully you've had a chance toh catch up if not we I got a link in the show notes you can get your copy we recommend this the um paperback copy available on Amazon and you can uh join along it's just going to get even more wild and uh Frank Lorenzo already uh Public Enemy Number One from the pilots it spoiler is he's not going to become anymore any his popularity is going to continue to uh is he still is he like is he still live it's a good question okay all right I got some questions for you Max So lately we've just been going through a bunch of comments on the luggage review videos are you getting tired of those do you want me to keep reading some no I I love that no one will let me live down the fact that I called the Briggs and Riley the Briggs and Stratton though we haven't got one of those in a couple weeks so that's good we just got one the guy just recently I read some email we read already yeah uh here's well here's an easy one we can knock out someone said please do a review of the luggage Works stealth I if you watched any the videos I think we constantly reviewed the luggage we said it was way too heavy and no one should use it so uh but everybody has rallied in support of that thing some some yeah I shouldn't say everyone some yeah and then he he said flight Cube which I the stealth flight cube is looks like a briefcase type bag um great I think so we could look into that maybe dude and then did you hear the other news Paradox coming out with a two wheel version if you just can't be get behind the four- wheel oh I did not know that yeah okay it's interesting so we posted a poll the other day on that I I I did a poll would you consider doing the um four-wheeler bag and what do you think the results were we had just about a 100 votes I'm sure some people would consider oh 100 votes let's see would you consider I'd say it's probably 50/50 that's pretty close it's 5842 with 58% saying no now it would be curious to see if they had previously used one I'll tell you what the four-wheel bag needs if for for me to really yeah bring it over the edge would be a break like if you could just on the handle just push a button like cuz it's true especially as a corporate pilot if you put it on the ramp and it's windy like it will blow away it blows away or in the jeop too it's always at at an angle you know it'll roll away yeah you would need some type of break and I just it it feels like that would complicate things which would make things more expensive and more prone to yeah fail you'd have to have like a cable with a push button and like a and then that could I don't know there's a way they have that like on strollers you know like a little break MH that' be sick all right think about that oh actually you know what I was thinking Max what if we just did a pair of chalks you just had a little pair of chalks in your backpack and stop CH for your [Laughter] Paradox dude I'm GNA 3D print some little miniature chocks yeah we should that'd be hilarious but have you been to certain fbos where there's like way more like corporate rules you can tell and like the guy comes out to bring you your ice coffee and papers in a golf cart and stops he's got to get this big pair of chalks out and then like chalk the golf cart and then to chalk every vehicle and you're just like all right okay I guess I guess I understand this but okay it has a little compartment too you could put the chalks in yeah it's great oh yeah hold on hold on oh my God just Chuck this right up here Chuck this one up uh anyways the stealth flight Cube that looks like more of a briefcase uh secondary bag computer bag type thing um so we could put that on the list excited though for the Paradox like for the flight case that is made to flight that's going to be I think I'm very very excited about that yep uh one other interesting comment here it says I've been using the luggage Works executive series for three years it's got the look of the stealth but with plastic frames it's lighter and won't Bend I think this is the happy medium between the stealth and the Aurora so okay that's a good one so we're going to do a Travel Pro one I think maybe we'll do this one next uh maybe we put a little poll out and see which ones you guys want us to cover um and then uh we also got some comments about the Helix we got a whole email about the Helix so we'll read that um coming up as well do want to shift gears into reviews uh Twisted prop left us a review so we're going to send that person some stickers for uh sharing their thoughts on Apple podcast and we'd love to do the same to you just simply write a review on Apple podcast and then shoot us an email and here's the key you got to include your mailing address in that email let us know you wrote us a review we'll be happy to send some stickers Max I have some big sticker announcements coming up soon here in a future episode as well but um for the time being would you mind reading us the review Twisted prop left us Shir says best Aviation podcast for all Aviation careers so I appreciate how knowledgeable the hosts are and their willingness to be open to any flying job out there this is one of the most diverse podcast I've ever listened to in terms of Aviation although it is of course mostly corporate and Airline talk I love the variety they include in their podcast keep up the awesome work guys Max somebody just called me and you diverse how about that it's good it's due to our new initiatives that's right mixing it up um all right thanks for the review Twisted prop appreciate it and all the comments on the YouTube videos as well it's it's been great to see uh all of the action there um okay on to the mailbag which is of course brought to you by our friends in advance air crew Academy if you visit airc crew academy.com you can see their incredible groundbreaking website and you can visit their blog which is one of my favorite parts of the website it's a great place to keep up with what is going on in the world of business Aviation here's one the the latest blog Max final last warning pilot records database this is for um the changes uh into the pilot record database as you know they were phasing out the um priia and so now there's a new Hub to to pull out your uh records and you got to register depending on what type of operation you are blah blah blah there's a lot of great stuff in the blog post but what it does do is give you the instructions for you as a pilot to be able to log in and check out your database uh record and so I actually did that and got mine all set up it was actually pretty cool and got to check on all my pilot info and see if there were any disapprovals or enement or anything it's all right there in the records database you can log in we'll have a link in the show notes to that blog post so you can check it out if you'd like um I'm sure James O'Neal and other career coaches use this website to make sure they know what's on their client records so I was I clicked on disapprovals as I told you before I failed my commercial multi and I thought it would be on there but it's not because it was beyond the time of the database so it's a clean record for how does that make you feel unbelievable you're too old I think you're too old it's you're just too old think it's fine we'll give you it says um all right on to the mailbag would you like to tackle the first one uh sure hi guys first off I love the show it's my go-to podcast for long drives or long dead heads I was hoping you could do a show on the Journey of becoming a parent in the airline career field with the wave of hiring in the last few years many of us including myself have reached the legacies fairly early on in their careers and now we're starting to have families in my late 20s and for the longest time it was all about chasing the flight time or the upgrade of the big plane I recently found out my wife and I are expecting our first baby and I'm both excited and terrified at the idea of becoming a dad and a girl dad at that any advice or tips on how to balance the lifestyle and family obligations everyone wants to work the premium trips and earn them big bucks to provide for their family but that needs to be balanced with making sure you're present in the lives of your children how do you walk that tight rope thanks Robert we've talked about this a little bit in the past right we have done a show about it we we did one that's kind of like what's it like to be married to a pilot so it was kind of more geared to the spouse of a pilot although we certainly did talk about some uh different things before um here's what I would say it's the value of the weekend the value of not working on the weekend changes when you have kids and depending on how old your kids are so before your kids go to school the weekend isn't quite as crucial so you can be uh it's easier to be junior like from an airline standpoint or whatever job where something a job where you have to work the weekends is much easier when your kids are not in school because Saturday is the same as Tuesday it's it doesn't make a difference but as soon as your kids go to school which also means there the age where they start playing sports and have activities the weekend becomes huge because that's when your kids are not in school the only two days of the week and all of the memorable things that you generally want to attend are taking place so so if there's a way that's the biggest thing it's very hard to be at work when things with your family are going on at home that you really want to be at yeah so that and I don't think that that's really that apparent until you've had kids unless someone tells you you wouldn't think about that right yeah I mean it's tough it C the value of the weekend can always be important especially if your spouse works and they have a traditional job where you're going to want to try and be off the same time anyways but yeah the the the if if the other uh adult is going to be staying at home or the other parents going to be staying at home with the kid like exactly what you're saying when they're young Tuesday is the same as Saturday um so I think they mentioned being at a legacy at a young age so I would say yes you're going to probably not be as motivated to pick up open time um early on so you may throttle back your work so the good you may have less income coming in the good news is kids are super cheap and don't cost any money so you won't even notice um the fact that you're you're making less well they get more expensive no so I would financially prepare for that I would say you know uh and your other question is how what's the support system in the town you're in you know do you have other relatives you know in-laws and that kind of stuff in the city you're in um that can help you gauge like how much time you're going to need to be at home and what you're going to have to focus on from a time um perspective there on cutting the income the other thing I would say too is if you're working for a let's say you're flying for Delta and you're in Atlanta it could be time to look at shifting to a different Fleet might be a good move it sucks being in training when you got a kid uh you know at home and you're gone a ton but if you can get onto a fleet with better flexibility that might be something worth considering as well well and one of the things we've always said I probably mean like a bigger like more airplanes at the big Legacy Airlines too that operate multiple aircraft types um yeah if you're ever going to move it would probably be the time like before before you have you know assuming you don't have other factors and family and town stuff but if you're going to move to if you're in Phoenix at American you're like you know ultimately I'll end up commuting to the wide body or or whatever I mean this might be the time to move to to the Big D and have all of those options and go to training and be home every night or you know and versus be gone for six weeks there's so so many benefits um yeah save some of that because our our flight advice is commuting question also so we've gotta we don't want to beat the dead horse too hard here all right okay uh good luck uh congratulations Robert on uh kiddo on the way good luck uh next email says listening to episode 130 and I completely agree with Roy in fact as a 135 guy it's exact ly what I do $2 bills I tend to order $100 worth of $2 bills at a time from the bank so they're extra fresh and crisp and then hand them out for shuttle drivers or hotel housekeeping and $100 worth of $2 bills takes up something like half the space of 100 in ones H but I'm a pilot and I don't do math in public so do your own math I don't know Roy but just for the fact that he also goes out of his way to get $2 bills I think we'd get along sounds like a stand up guy Mike is is Mike like Roy's cousin or something I don't know he a plant think they appreciate it yeah we need to connect them yeah all right Dylan and Max I wanted to Echo Roy's review of the strong bag Helix in episode 130 he was spot on the bag feels well built and I too fell for the ergonomic and lightweight of the single- handle design the bag and the carbon fiber handle do feel well made but the benefits and there the bag is Tiny and it has been one of the factors making me dread my first year of Airline transition from the military trying to pack for overnights with this bag is miserable I like to try either to work out or do active outdoor activities on my layers but I have large feet size 13 and so by the time I put a pair of hookah running shoes in the bag it can barely fit anything else they don't even fit across sideways instead has to go vertically on either side of the handle if your layer is somewhere cold forget it to make matters worth the bag is so small it always gets buried by the fight tenant bags in the closet on the 73 the crew van drivers are always stumped by the handle and end up dropping it on themselves I'm finishing up a stint of military leave and heading back to the airline soon the Helix is the first thing I intend to change about my Airline kit I really do think it's wellmade but it's just too compromised of a design spacewise if all your layers are in the Caribbean and you only plan to wear Speedos is probably fine also thanks for what you guys do your content and guest speakers were very helpful and understand aspects of Civilian Aviation and I recommend 215 to Buddies who are also planning to take the plunge getting out of active duty respectfully Andy f well there you go good email yeah uh last email comes from Caleb he says just wanted to share my perspective as a line Tech in the Challenger 350 versus Gulfstream 280 debate in my opinion the 350 is superior for ground handling particularly for towing greater turn limits taller nose shorter distance between nose gear and aircraft nose and the tail is 2 fet lower making hangers more accessible it's also better for lab servicing the g280 is requirement for clean water only in the lav is a pain the CL 350s uh lav service panel is wonderfully designed weird statement I know but it's a big deal in the Line Tech world to have a good lav panel I can't say anything about flying or riding in these types but all the details are important so there you are this is the first episode I listen to and I like the professional pilot perspective that you're sharing with a fun attitude blue skies and right Rudder and that's from Caleb Caleb I disagree with the right Rudder yeah could be left rder could be never know uh so you dump the 280 280 has got the regular black water and then you have to fill it with plottable water though right because it's going in because it's a vacuum toilet but do you H my question is when you dump it do you have to put any water back into the black tank no why would you do that no I don't know if they're just they want a little like there's like a flushing procedure that they do cuz you want to like flush it keep the sensors clean and yada yada yada but no there's you just you just dump it and then you just keep the poble but the poble water it lasts a lot longer than it uses very little water per flesh where's your poble water is it like in the back in the baggage yeah it's in the baggage behind a panel on the wall I mean they service it Norm but you can if you're in a b you know if you just you can do you can fill it with a funnel in a gallon of water you know gallons of water I'm going to take a video of how awesome the 350s poble water is it's the best design I've ever seen uh 350 not 300 it's just this jug that's sitting in the back which is complet you don't have to remove a panel it's right there you literally can just unstrap it pick it up you take it you can take it in the FBO if it's cold and just leave it in the hanger or if you go find any faucet fill it up then put it right back on it's really really handy I think five it's really cool and you and the Caps right there too you could just just we had that in the G3 we had like two do you know where the Cornelius keg is you know like the old it was like that two of those that you could use and take out which is kind of nice I guess the cool thing I tell you one cool thing about the 280 is the Phill nipples are heated had that problem oh that is that is yes yeah pretty it's pretty solid real deal you would think the Canadians thought that not the Israelis you know but or maybe I don't know maybe they it's only on the 28 that's a good point yeah H all right well good perspective from Caleb I like hearing from uh from other folks the 280 does look weird there's so much room between the tip of the nose and the nose gear like put it on the electro it's like in your face if you're the driver it's pretty weird it's it's right there it's like right there what's up guys it's low too so it's like yeah it's dicey okay that's going to do it for the mailbag if you want to participate in the conversation you know what to do shoot us an email info 215p podcast.com we will happily read your email in an upcoming episode happily all right Max the main event here we go go ahead quickly flight advice can you tell the listeners Max who sponsors flight advice Harvey watt the leading carrier of loss of license insurance if you're a professional pilot and you happen to rely on this job for your sole source of income or majority of your income you should definitely have loss of license insurance up over 70% of Pilots will experience a medical loss at one point in their career and Harvey watt is here to protect you check out all of their offerings at rat.com well done pro uh you want me to read this to you yes okay hey guys huge fan of the podcast thanks so much for getting my question I am a current military pilot about two years away from getting out and transitioning to civilian flying I'm sitting at approximately 2,000 total uh multi-engine turbine uh with over 1,000 pic and plenty of instructor evaluator time I'm also actively flying still for the next 2 years before I separate and I expect another 500 hours in that period my wife and I want to live in Cincinnati when I get out and I'd be looking to fly out of CVG which from what I can find has a lot of opportunities through UL CC's regionals corporate and cargo just no Majors my question is this is commuting really as bad as I hear in Pilot forms and elsewhere if the worst of online complaining is to be believed I'd be taking 5 years off my life and guaranteeing a divorce if I don't live in Bas I feel like it would be crazy not to go to a major if the hiring holds out like it currently is even if I have to commute however if the quality of life is really that horrible then I'm open to something different as the sole source income for a family of five the money is important to me especially since I'm not doing 20 years of active duty and won't have a pension to fall back on thanks in advance for any advice you can provide and that's from John and he did include a couple stats kind of alluded to already he's 30 now married with three kids all right John this is going to be a short one the answer is yes thanks for writing in okay just kidding thanks John advice is brought to you by Harvey lot it put it this way John I've said this before and I will say it again if I had commute and I was not you know if I wanted to live or I wanted to live and if I had to commute I would not be an pilot that's how big of a deal it is to me and I've never heard anybody say oh the commute is fun what they everybody say is is either the commute sucks or the commute is not that bad which means not that bad yeah so it's just a matter it is it's it's horrible it's a waste it's you know some it's it's it's a balance though it's a huge time suck you will spend more days away from home you will spend way more time at work quote unquote not making money so it's free it's free time um and so it's one of those things though it is very hard to know what it's like until you've done it and therefore it does give you a bigger appreciation of living in Bas so I think if you said listen and you sold your wife on the fact that listen we will live in Cincinnati forever and I will just commute and I'll just make it work I would not back yourself into that corner until you've tried it um if you want to live in Cincy and you want to do your thing and you decid you want to go to the majors and you're going to try commuting then go for it give it a shot see what it's like but what I would have a very honest conversation based on what you hear here or or or have your wife listen to this that it sucks it sucks for everybody it will suck for you the most it will suck for her and it will suck for your kids because you just won't you won't be here like if you have an early morning start you're going in the night before and then you have to buy a hotel so it's costing time and money and same on the back end if you get in late you're going to have to sleep in the crew room or go get a hotel and then you're going to come back the next morning um so what I would encourage you to do is have a plan B say listen let's pick an airline that has an base that you both could see yourselves potentially living in and say look if this is becomes too much for any of us then we agree we're going to move here and so just I I wouldn't just go into it with that's your only plan I would have a plan B because it does suck very badly yeah yeah could you make Atlanta work could you make Dallas work what about Chicago Denver one of the cities that we know is going to for sure be uh a corner you know a Cornerstone City for one of the majors I think the other thing is to um a trap that people will go into CU look it's hard to get hired at in a major airline you're going to put forth a lot of work probably um maybe some money to with a career coach a lot of time getting all your records right and getting you know the prep and there there's a lot of work and then you get hired and then training is three maybe four months long and then there's ioe and then there there the the amount of time you have invested to get to a airline is significant and and so once you get there you're not going to be eager to be like you know let me go hop over to this other airliner let me do this other thing and so that's the other thing I would be real nervous on is if you're like you know what I'll just try this commuting thing and then if it doesn't work out like I'll just hop to the next place after you've been somewhere for a couple years and you have seniority and everything else it's going to make leaving you could get into yourself into a situation where you're like you're sort of like it just doesn't make sense to leave but then you're sort of in this like Purgatory situation where you're like and you're now you're on seconde pay and you're making more money and it's like it's easy to see why people get stuck in the Trap in that situation that's all I'll say and it it might be the right decision to try it and and do that and then you know if if you have the ability to to to uh pull you know make a switch or maybe you can just say you know what I'm going to tough it out and that's that it is what it is but just know that like it's a lot of it's a huge Mountain you have to climb to get to a legacy so it leaving it is a huge decision as well well the here's one thing though I was looking at um to see because there's Comm okay there's there's three different there's there's two different types of commuting in my in my opinion there's yeah not commuting is if you live in the city or a suburb of the city of where you're based at yeah so like my commute to work is like 25 minutes right for my house um then there's if you live in another city that's two hours away or 3 hours away some people that drive which the difference is you can control that like you can control when you leave and when you go home like you don't you're not waiting on an airline schedule or somebody else's schedule right and maybe you can there's a bus a lot of times or like places where you don't even have to drive you just ride right that's that's that's better um like but like people like me I can't stay like if I came in on a late trip got in it 11 or midnight or whatever and then had to drive two hours home at night like I I couldn't do that I would fall asleep it's too dangerous i' I'd kill myself yeah so so I couldn't do it some people though we like I have we have a friend that drives two hours home at 1 2 in the morning no problem he goes Circle K gets his like big drink or whatever and he's got his program and he and he makes it happen so there's that and so and then there's commuting traditionally on on your airline or another airline or whatever right and then you're you're at Mercy of those schedules and the loads and all that that's a whole another um thing that I think is more stressful and and a lot more variable so um that being said Cincinnati is according to Google Maps is 1 hour and 34 minutes from the Louisville airport so I mean that's that's certainly drivable and that would be put you in range of uh a UPS is the the mothership of UPS so um if you think you're could be a cargo guy um that would be that's certainly drivable a lot of people do drive like that a lot of people do a lot further Drive I mean I think Chicago is probably too far um yeah you know that's that's going to be uh yeah I was let's see here that was good yeah I was looking at the cargo operators because I feel like there's probably some other I was looking kid didn't didn't have hours 45 minutes so there are some to Chicago I mean Nashville you know Southwest has a base there now but that's even that's going to be like 4 hours 7 minutes too much no no I would say 2our drive is kind of Y so so I could say you could look there's homebased cargo um that you could look at um and then obviously the netjets angle uh Net Jets Flex jet uh fractional where you are um they'll pay for you you're still commuting to the airplane but the difference is it's on the company time and not on your time um so that would be the other way to explore it but you know if money is the most important thing then you're probably going to make it at the major but it would be living in Cincinnati is the most important thing yeah right you know that's and then money yeah yeah it's like the you know Cincinnati time money pick any two but I but I don't disagree with him about like I don't want to live anywhere else I like living here you know families here like I've really not considered living anywhere else so you kind of have to get to make it work around what what priorities are precisely so uh good luck um I think let us know what you decide what what what yeah this is one you know like we've had career coaches on in the past James um sits you down with your spouse you go through all these questions you you really figure out your priorities this sounds like you may have already done it but this sounds like one of those where you can really go through and understand the ramifications of your decision so good luck uh anything else to add yeah yeah one last thing so a lot of a lot of people because commuting sucks so so you get a dude on your jump seat he's like yeah I live in whatever and blah blah blah it's so funny cuz a lot of times they always say yeah my wife just won't move it's where she's from yeah and if you think about like a lot some of our friends that live in presc like they didn't grow up there but all of their wives did yeah exactly so but I'll tell you that's a thing if you got kids and where your wife's family's at that could be the difference you know between not even just the commute but the career in general yeah but you still should live in Basse cuz that way if you're young and you're single then when you meet a girl who's from that City and grew up there and not going to let you move you're already in base yeah right that could be a new like dating site we should do like in base couple some could you imagine you have to be like yes you like a yeah like it's like uh you can women they don't have to pay or well I guess anybody but you can't just say women anymore but anybody you you don't have to pay but you just have to agree to live in base of a major airline you you commit you're like I'm here my parents are here we're in Dallas and then you on your side is the crew member yeah and it would only you would only fall into the buckets of the airlines that have bases of where you've agreed to live so if you you know if Atlant yeah help people if you're the if you're the crew member then you have to like upload like a proof of your ba your domicile like yeah and your parents your your parents latest utility bill yeah yeah how do we yeah genius Wow have to think of a name somebody sent us a good name for that idea that's that'd be great be perfect in B if only it was that easy right if only it was that easy all right that is going to do it for flight advice it was going pretty good and then we went off the rails at the end sorry John hopefully part of this was was useful this wasn't What About Bob this time you know yeah exactly that's right uh thanks to Harvey watt for their longtime sponsorship of the flight advice segment Harvey wt.com for all of their offerings thanks to everyone else who participated as well Timothy P Pope Ferris jet sales the air comp calculator advancer crew Academy and uh yeah all the listeners of course let's recognize them Max for all the great content that they have been sharing it's been awesome um summertime going to be interesting for us getting episodes out here for the next uh month or so I'd say we're going to do our best but I'm I'm going to go out on Limb and say might not be every week here yeah we only have a very short amount of Summer with our children Dylan some of us need to go going to cruise okay have time for all this exactly you to are you GNA now did you find a cruise ship with a cold plunge no I'll probably be taking a break who know you never know these days these cruise ships they got everything maybe the ocean water maybe progress you can just maybe when you're in the Port of Call did did you see the video from Aspen the coal plune no we're at the uh Maroon Bells have you heard of this it's like up I'd never have you been there it's unbelievable yeah and uh we were up there and it's like you know there's snow still it's is in June I mean it's not that late in the summer right it's all snow melt off or runoff and and uh yeah so we were hiking there and just came over me and I just stripped down to my skives and jumped in the river it was I don't know unfortunately my Apple watch you know when when it gets to low battery it doesn't display the temperature of the water M was so I don't know what it was but it was I think sub 40 it had to it was it was hard talk 40 yeah it was dude it was like it's melt off from snow like it's it's either Frozen or it melts and then it you're and then you're sitting in it so it can't be that much you know any Christmas it was very cold damn that's when you get in and and sucks the bre how long were you in there for oh probably I have didn't time it I don't know maybe maybe a minute is plus or minus 15 seconds probably I don't know I don't know somewhere around there I didn't time it so I don't really really know good there thing then you get you don't have a towel you it's not that warm already you yeah I didn't stay in that long cuz I want didn't want to get like too cold and then not be able to warm up right would refire your core it was a whole thing and then I get out and I'm standing there and a and a red fox comes trotting down the trail and I'm just standing there in my Underpants it's the whole thing wow what a trip own in the overnight own the overnight I love it all right that is going to do it we'll be back soon uh until then remember flexibility is the key to cold plunging in weird locations we'll see you next time the statements made in this show are our own opinions and do not reflect nor were they under any direction from any of our employers

- Your advice to aspiring pilots & their parents?: Kind: captions Language: en if I should make some comments for people wanting to be pilots young people looking for this job is choose a flight school which has a good reputation that you could look up online and that you get enough flight hours afterwards because if you do just pilots flying program you can end up with maybe 250 hours or less and it's hard to get a job with that amount so you need to have something after the end of the flight skill for a perhaps if you go into the flight instructor then you will gain some more hours so you need to you need to be able to have more hours than the flight school will give you I think I would recommend this to my children or at least one of them not all of them but it's important to have that talk beforehand what is the risk and what is the costs and you have to stay in it you have to be very motivated the whole time and you have to give it your all if you're going to to end up with a job one day you know you can't quit you just have to stay in it there will be three hurdles and I've already touched upon which is getting the finance getting through the training and getting a job take each of those hurdles one at a time yes look ahead but don't get too far ahead of yourself take each of those hurdles one at a time if you get over the first one you will get over the second two it's just a matter of time that leads on to my second and probably the most important piece of advice is set time skills I think my case is a classic example if you do the research and set a time scale and justify why you've set that time skill and you're disciplined and stick to it it works and it works very very well well my special advice would probably be to think as rational as any how possible I know that is it's a dream for many people it's I wouldn't say it wasn't one for me but it's still a love the job don't get me wrong but it was still a rational choice and if you make the choice as irrational as possible you later on you won't get any regrets because rational choices are free of emotions a little at least a little bit so that's also why what I would say to parents don't dis encourage them encourage them but encourage their choices or help them in the discussions but don't don't bias them the advice I want to give people starting training and the parents make sure that you have all the information you need call people look it up on the Internet's approach banks in your country know what the terms and conditions are and for the parents well be there for your children because it's really it's really important that the the people that follow flight training have somebody at home to fall back on I will tell everybody to be brave not to be perfect to join their careers I will tell women to be brave and to try to be pilots they can be pilots this is a world that sometimes you think that is a man I mean world it is something world but you're going to find a lot of colleagues you're going to find that is easier you're going to find that is exciting that is the job where you're going to find a way to meet people to grow as a person well my advice for them is to follow their dreams mostly because if you want to become a pilot go for it and if you have to ask for a loan to the bank do it because eventually benefit a lot of year later go for it basically boys girls everybody everybody has to go for it and but you have to count that once you start to get into a flight school you're going to have to study just to study a lot work very hard towards your goal and you cannot settle for the last you have to work very hard to stay on top and to eventually get into the job market with let's say some sort of focus [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ovadiabenzedek: Such a good video!!!!!

- Auto-pilot Parenting?: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, it's Andrew from Rite Journey Parenting Plan here and I just wanted to chat with you today a little bit about the bigger picture of the Rite Journey Parenting Plan and it sort of comes in the title the fact that I think it's really important that we actually have a plan on how we parent and so, I've been thinking about this a little bit and sort of imagining that in most journeys that we take, we actually have a picture of the destination where we're actually heading which then enables us to take the correct path to that particular destination. I think with parenting though probably, we don't do that terribly well. So, what I'm suggesting is that it's really important that we do get a picture of what kind of young adult we'd like to be creating in our parenting and it did get me into thinking, if you don't actually have a destination, then it can be quite difficult to know whether you're on track to that destination and what came to mind for me was the picture of an autopilot and the fact that when an autopilot in a plane is set up, obviously they know where their destination is and the way the autopilot actually works is that when it gets off track, it corrects itself to get back on track, so it's not always flying the exact direction, the exact course to its destination. There are outside influences that come along that actually push it a bit off track but what it does know is it knows how to get back onto track, so the autopilot actually kicks in and swings it back around towards its destination. So, what is our destination as a parent? What are we hoping to create? And I think that is a really important conversation that we need to have, we need to think about it ourselves, if we have a co-parent, we need to talk about it with them but only then can you actually think about what the path is going to be to getting to that destination. So, some things I think are important to think about and what kind of qualities you'd like your children to hold. What are the virtues that would be important for them to have as adults? What words would you hope come to mind when thinking about your child when they become an adult? Certainly in my ponderings about the Rite Journey, the words that have come up and I've used for many years now, we want them to be resilient, we'd like them to be responsible, respectful, resourceful, we talk about shifting from dependence into independence and then there'll be a whole lot of other words which will come to mind that you hope are part of your young adult's life like love. And so, the parenting plan and your family culture really needs to be built around that particular destination. I don't think there would be many businesses that would start without some kind of mission statement, without some kind of purpose, some kind of direction and yet often we launch into our parenting without really having that clearly in mind. And so, that's really what the Rite Journey Parenting Plan is partly about is working out what the direction is that you want to be going with your children, what the destination point is and then creating some kind of path, putting some things in place, creating a family culture that will help you reach that destination and then if you get a little bit off track, hopefully there's a co-parent or someone else in your life who's able to step in, maybe it's even you yourself noticing that you're off track and just guide yourself back around so that you can keep moving as best on track as you can with that destination in mind. So, I'm looking forward to sharing the Parenting Plan with you in the coming months and thanks so much for listening. We'll catch you next time.

- Unlimited Flights Around The World | How 'Non-Rev' Travel Works: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] non-reving short for non-revenue travel is a perk used by thousands of Airline employees all around the world it's also called flying space available or sa because space has to be available on the airplane for us to get a seat but in all cases as employees we're not providing the airline very much revenue in exchange for a seat hence the name non-revenue travel this is a perk I've used hundreds of times over the past few years flying on my own airline in dozens of other carriers cost free or sometimes for a huge discount even in first or business class here's how it works foreign getting the chance to enjoy the back of my airplane the 767 300 in Polaris business class now I don't always get this lucky non-reving but when you do you just have to soak up every second I paid 92 dollars today for this seat the full fare ticket in this same seat today was over six thousand dollars there are three basic types of non-rev travel past Riders flying on their own Airline Zed fares used for traveling on other airlines in Jump seating crew members I'll cover them all but first I want to show you a map of where these perks have taken me excluding Antarctica I've non-revved on hundreds of flights touching every continent I try pretty hard to find open business class seats on longer flights and have had the chance to cross the oceans dozens of times while being able to lie flat and get comfortable rest while I don't have an exact figure based on a couple hundred flights I'd estimate that flight privileges have given me at least a hundred thousand dollars of travel value so far being an Airline employee has made the world a lot smaller for me putting otherwise unaffordable trips Within Reach foreign standby on your own Airline is generally the most common type of non-rev travel for a few reasons It's usually the lowest cost while also putting you towards the top of the standby list ahead of employees from other Airlines and you don't have to be a flight crew like me to enjoy these perks Airline employees from all over the airline share the ability to travel the world and you don't have to do it alone your travel companions can be a partner dependents parents or sometimes even a registered friend you get the opportunity to travel with them and share the experience which I just think is awesome booking on United is really easy for us because it's right through the normal United app which links to our Mileage Plus account and employee profile so I can scroll through flights really easily and look at which routes have the most open seats and go ahead and book is the standby passenger sometimes you have to get creative and find routes that you wouldn't normally pick to try to find open seats to make non-rev travel work you really should have a plan A B C and even D to try to get where you're going travel isn't always easy it's a game you kind of get used to over time and it does take creativity delays cancellation and bad weather make it very difficult to find open seats a few years ago I was trying to make it home for my brother's graduation direct flights were oversold across the board and to get home in time I flew four legs in one day from Fargo to Chicago to Syracuse to Charlotte and finally Richmond Virginia now I made it but I seriously wish I'd bought a ticket if you really need to get somewhere by a specific time give yourself plenty of room or buy a ticket where you stack up on the standby list can make a really big difference when you're trying to travel because flights have been relatively full at United We prioritize seniority so longer companies seniority will put you towards the top of the list and then other airlines you'll find prioritizing the standby list based on check-in time there are pros and cons to both but it's really important to understand the difference between the two at United our non-rev list is seniority based divided into various categories for Mainline employees retirees Express Partners travel companions buddy passes jump seating crew members and employees from other airlines on top of that we get a limited number of vacation passes that boost our standby priority and when a paying customer wants to fly a standby on an earlier flight they're all the way at the top of the list it can get really confusing and on a full flight it changes by the minute with so many moving Parts what you see a few days in advance just isn't accurate so let's break down an example today I'm trying to travel on United flight 845 from Chicago to Sao Paulo Brazil on a 787 9 Dreamliner there are 33 seats available with 35 standbys listed for the flight there are 13 seats in Polaris business open two seats in the premium plus cabin open and 18 open and economy as you can see the list is arranged in seniority order with vacation passes first employees on regular passes next and then other groups like companion Travelers parents and express partner employees I can see where I'd fall on the list either using a vacation pass or a personal pass some standbys will get lucky with business class on the 10-hour flight and others will be happy just to get on it all we can also fly on dozens of other airlines discount it's called a zed fare which stands for zonal employee discount Airlines work together to make agreements so that their employees can travel on each other and the fares are usually based on things like mileage and fair class your travel Companions and sometimes even a registered friend can travel with you and it's a great tool to use when you're trying to fly somewhere that your airline doesn't service as an example of a zed fair today I'm flying from Chicago to Warsaw Poland on lot Polish airlines in business class for a tiny fraction of the ticket price I've never been to Poland and I'm so excited to get there flight Crews have another type of non-rev travel and it's called jump seating so for us as Pilots we can occupy the flight deck jump seats when there's no seats available in the cabin and flight attendants can occupy spare flight attendant jump seats that's something that can happen on our own Airline or on our partner airlines that have jump seat agreements it's at the discretion of the crew sitting in the jump seat and it's entirely cost free thousands of flight crew use jump seating to get to and from work flying standby can range from free to a few hundred dollars it depends on your airline where you're flying the class of travel taxes at your departure and destination airport or how much The Zed fare is you might also incur something called imputed income in your paycheck which is basically the IRS taxing you a small amount for the value of the travel the airline is providing if you travel a lot imputed income can add a few hundred dollars of income to your yearly earnings then your tax rate is applied to that number it's a line item that you'll be able to see on your paycheck usually this doesn't add up to an amount significant enough to make a big impact on how much you're paying in taxes or affect your decision to travel having the opportunity to fly nearly cost free all around the world is something you'll only find by being an Airline employee it's one of my absolute favorite parts of this job and I hope that you take advantage of it too

  Top Comments:
  1. @SwayneMartinPilot [58 likes]: Where's your favorite place to travel?
  2. @annabellem7953: I even got a jump seat in the cockpit as an technical employee who works on the ground with not even my airline, it was one of our group airlines. It was such a memorable trip, but the whole short trip was amazing. It still did cost me some money since we only get free flights for a jubilee, but its worth it.
I just started flying standby last year and already had the luck being the last one accepted on a flight while other didn´t got on the flight, my colleuge and friend choose the later flight to our other hub and didn´t get on, when I landet she had send me a message and pictures, that she didn´t get on but I missed this beautiful sight.
  3. @ryan.d8708: Hey quick question. Do I need to list my self 48 hours prior for a international flight via united?
  4. @gregguralnik2512: Im an airline employee but I never ever travel non-rev. Its way too risky for me, knowing my luck, and its way too exhausting. I always buy a confirmed ticket with my employee discount.
  5. @filipeorr7821: That airplane behind you at 6m04s, it was my friend Fernando Guernieri that designed... 
It was a competition promoted by Azul... he did not know at the time, but he was competing against professional designers. He won free trips with Azul for a year and received the award from David Neeleman himself.
Last time I went to Brazil I saw that airplane taxiing just before boarding to return to Canada and I was able to snap a couple pictures!
  6. @paintballa808: When you take the time to plan where u sit on your paid seat. Only for it to get messed up by a non rev traveler. They look so proud to take the open seat next to you too. STOP BEING CHEAP. PAY FOR OWN TICKET. STOP PACKING OUT PLANES LEAVING PAYING GUEST UNCOMFORTABLE!
  7. @ريبكاا: Woow  your plain is soo beautiful 😍
  8. @HahaaBbY-o1o: Rabu,  26,  2025. Mhsiregar.  2025. Salamsukses,.. Thailand, A bang,martin,..Love you.
  9. @Greg_P611: Hey Swayne. Do you still fly to Traverse City MI anymore?
  10. @SamuelLee-gw6wr: I left a Christian conference in Kaohsiung, and a new friend from Tainan wants me to visit their church in the future. With non rev benefits, I can easily make the trip. 
My carrier has four daily flights to KHH and nine to TPE, which makes it easy enough for me to get on a flight to visit them.
  11. @Rydrrudgers: Where have you been will you be back and are you still in San Francisco and are you having kids one day  and how old are you and are you married
  12. @franky6772: I used to work as a baggage handler for years and tbh I just prefer no flight benefits. It gives you all these hopes and ideas to go places when in reality it’s a headache to reach the destination and I feel like more of a headache to get back home. But sometimes you can’t help it and want take your chances but get screwed in the end lol. I miss it but at the same don’t for the sake of my sanity lmao
  13. @Alexlezam2008: I’m a big fan of your video. Using for non rev flight do you use on United app and how do you use for other airlines. Whould you recommend to use staff traveler.
  14. @SWIILL: This was super helpful especially for new FAs thank you !!!
  15. @Canalhamechifelan: It is better not to wear tight clothes
  16. @alex321neo: With a ZED fare, are you still on standby?
  17. @Mahad20110: why is swayne not in american airlines?!!!
  18. @CardinalPilotKY: I spent most of last week in London with my son and daughter-in-law. He is an airline employee (an FO) and we flew on ZED fares. Here’s the best part. We flew on three different airlines, picking our flights according to who had seats on the days we wanted to travel. An added perk, the employees of the other airlines treated us like family. One ops agent on a competitor made sure the three of us sat together, and the FO on that flight invited us into the cockpit for a look around when he found out my son flies a Boeing and we had just flown with this guy on an Airbus. Thank you for creating this outstanding video.  I found it because I’m trying to explain to coworkers how I can fly so often and on absolutely no advance notice. This video sums it up perfectly and I’ll link it to them. By the way I’d love to know what video editor software you’re using😊.
  19. @raghavprateek: Beautifully explained Swayne, Happy Landings
  20. @Beinthesky: Hi! Im randomly commenting just to say I love your name!

- Legendary bush pilot’s daughter, wife, reflect on his life: Kind: captions Language: en HOW THEY'RE DOING AND HOW THEY WANT PEOPLE TO REMEMBER WANT PEOPLE TO REMEMBER THE ALASKAN ALASKAN ICON. ARIEL ARIEL AND ARIEL AND FERNOTWETO ARIEL AND FERNOTWETO ARE INCREDIBLY INCREDIBLY STRONG, INCREDIBLY STRONG, AND INCREDIBLY STRONG, AND COMPOSED, FOR FOR HAVING FOR HAVING RECENTLY FOR HAVING RECENTLY GONE FOR HAVING RECENTLY GONE THROUGH SUCH SUCH A SUCH A TRAGEDY. SUCH A TRAGEDY. THE SUCH A TRAGEDY. THE WOMEN SUCH A TRAGEDY. THE WOMEN SAY THEY THEY WANT THEY WANT JIM THEY WANT JIM TWETO THEY WANT JIM TWETO REMEMBERED AS AS A AS A HUMBLE AS A HUMBLE MAN AS A HUMBLE MAN WITH AS A HUMBLE MAN WITH A AS A HUMBLE MAN WITH A GREAT SENSE SENSE OF SENSE OF HUMOR, SENSE OF HUMOR, WHO, SENSE OF HUMOR, WHO, IN SENSE OF HUMOR, WHO, IN THEIR WORDS, WORDS, 'RAISED WORDS, 'RAISED COUNTLESS WORDS, 'RAISED COUNTLESS PILOTS' IN IN ALASKA IN ALASKA BY IN ALASKA BY HIS IN ALASKA BY HIS FRIENDSHIP, MENTORSHIP MENTORSHIP AND MENTORSHIP AND EFFECT MENTORSHIP AND EFFECT HE MENTORSHIP AND EFFECT HE HAD MENTORSHIP AND EFFECT HE HAD ON PEOPLE. HUSBAND HUSBAND AND HUSBAND AND A HUSBAND AND A DAD, HUSBAND AND A DAD, WHEN HUSBAND AND A DAD, WHEN THE PLANE, PLANE, THE PLANE, THE REALITY PLANE, THE REALITY TV PLANE, THE REALITY TV STAR PLANE, THE REALITY TV STAR WAS PILOTING, PILOTING, CRASHED PILOTING, CRASHED IN PILOTING, CRASHED IN WESTERN ALASKA ALASKA ON ALASKA ON JUNE ALASKA ON JUNE 16TH, ALASKA ON JUNE 16TH, TWO ALASKA ON JUNE 16TH, TWO DAYS BEFORE BEFORE FATHER'S BEFORE FATHER'S DAY. BEFORE FATHER'S DAY. THE BEFORE FATHER'S DAY. THE CRASH, ALSO ALSO TAKING ALSO TAKING THE ALSO TAKING THE LIFE ALSO TAKING THE LIFE OF ALSO TAKING THE LIFE OF OUTDOOR GUIDE GUIDE SHANE GUIDE SHANE REYNOLDS GUIDE SHANE REYNOLDS OF GUIDE SHANE REYNOLDS OF OROFINO, IDAHO. Ariel Ariel Tweto, Ariel Tweto, Jim Ariel Tweto, Jim Tweto's Daughter Daughter and Daughter and widow Daughter and widow FernoTweto: "It "It hasn't "It hasn't gotten "It hasn't gotten easier "It hasn't gotten easier yet really. really. I really. I think really. I think slowly really. I think slowly we've been been smiling been smiling more been smiling more and been smiling more and laughing more. more. We're more. We're strong more. We're strong and more. We're strong and we more. We're strong and we have eachother. eachother. We eachother. We have eachother. We have my eachother. We have my auntees and and sisters, and sisters, pilots, and sisters, pilots, other sisters, sisters, and sisters, and pilots." FERNOTWETO FERNOTWETO SAYS FERNOTWETO SAYS HER FERNOTWETO SAYS HER HUSBAND COMFORTED COMFORTED HER COMFORTED HER THE COMFORTED HER THE DAY COMFORTED HER THE DAY HE COMFORTED HER THE DAY HE DIED. It just just getting just getting onto just getting onto our just getting onto our deck just getting onto our deck and he he always he always knows, he always knows, I he always knows, I love he always knows, I love ravens the the best, the best, the the best, the birds the best, the birds and the best, the birds and I the best, the birds and I can the best, the birds and I can do a a bunch a bunch of a bunch of different a bunch of different calls. a bunch of different calls. And I I went I went out I went out onto I went out onto the I went out onto the deck I went out onto the deck because there there was there was a there was a bunch there was a bunch of there was a bunch of ravens circling circling our circling our house. circling our house. So, circling our house. So, that circling our house. So, that was Well Well and found found out found out about found out about it. found out about it. But, found out about it. But, I found out about it. But, I think he sent he sent some he sent some ravens he sent some ravens to he sent some ravens to comfort me." JIM JIM TWETO JIM TWETO WAS JIM TWETO WAS AN JIM TWETO WAS AN ALASKAN JIM TWETO WAS AN ALASKAN BUSH PILOT PILOT - PILOT - LEGEND. PILOT - LEGEND. ARIEL PILOT - LEGEND. ARIEL SAYS PILOT - LEGEND. ARIEL SAYS HE DIED DIED DOING DIED DOING WHAT DIED DOING WHAT HE DIED DOING WHAT HE LOVED DIED DOING WHAT HE LOVED AND THAT THAT HE THAT HE HAD THAT HE HAD RAISED THAT HE HAD RAISED COUNTLESS PILOTS, PILOTS, MEN PILOTS, MEN AND PILOTS, MEN AND WOMEN, PILOTS, MEN AND WOMEN, SHE PILOTS, MEN AND WOMEN, SHE SAYS, WHO WHO WOULDN'T WHO WOULDN'T BE WHO WOULDN'T BE PILOTS WHO WOULDN'T BE PILOTS TODAY WHO WOULDN'T BE PILOTS TODAY IF IT IT WASN'T IT WASN'T FOR IT WASN'T FOR THEM IT WASN'T FOR THEM MEETING IT WASN'T FOR THEM MEETING HER FATHER. "Even "Even like, "Even like, flippin' "Even like, flippin' David Letterman Letterman had Letterman had a Letterman had a crush Letterman had a crush on Letterman had a crush on my Letterman had a crush on my dad. Like Like he Like he was Like he was so Like he was so fascinated Like he was so fascinated with, just, just, like just, like people just, like people from just, like people from all just, like people from all over the place, the place, they the place, they just the place, they just keep the place, they just keep saying that, that, they that, they loved that, they loved him. that, they loved him. Or that, they loved him. Or just inspired inspired by inspired by him inspired by him and inspired by him and just inspired by him and just like wanted wanted to wanted to be wanted to be just wanted to be just like wanted to be just like Jim." THE THE TWETOS THE TWETOS WERE THE TWETOS WERE FEATURED THE TWETOS WERE FEATURED ON THE TWETOS WERE FEATURED ON THE DISCOVERY DISCOVERY CHANNEL DISCOVERY CHANNEL SHOW DISCOVERY CHANNEL SHOW 'FLYING WILD WILD ALASKA,' WILD ALASKA,' ON WILD ALASKA,' ON WHICH WILD ALASKA,' ON WHICH JIM WILD ALASKA,' ON WHICH JIM WAS WILD ALASKA,' ON WHICH JIM WAS A STAR. BUT BUT MORE BUT MORE THAN BUT MORE THAN HIS BUT MORE THAN HIS FAME, BUT MORE THAN HIS FAME, HIS FAMILY FAMILY TALKED FAMILY TALKED ABOUT FAMILY TALKED ABOUT HIS FAMILY TALKED ABOUT HIS SENSE FAMILY TALKED ABOUT HIS SENSE OF HUMOR HUMOR AND HUMOR AND LOVE HUMOR AND LOVE OF HUMOR AND LOVE OF BLUEBERRIES. "He'd "He'd eat "He'd eat it "He'd eat it with "He'd eat it with yogurt "He'd eat it with yogurt and "He'd eat it with yogurt and it would would be would be so would be so funny. would be so funny. You'd would be so funny. You'd see would be so funny. You'd see him eating eating and eating and then eating and then he eating and then he would eating and then he would be doing doing situps. doing situps. He'd doing situps. He'd do doing situps. He'd do his crunches crunches that crunches that night crunches that night and crunches that night and have crunches that night and have his bowl bowl of bowl of berries bowl of berries and bowl of berries and yogurt bowl of berries and yogurt right there and there and so there and so he'd there and so he'd do there and so he'd do a there and so he'd do a situp there and so he'd do a situp and then then take then take a then take a bite then take a bite and then take a bite and then then take a bite and then he'd eat eat a eat a couple eat a couple more, eat a couple more, 'dad!" Joe Joe Cadotte Joe Cadotte asking Joe Cadotte asking a Joe Cadotte asking a question: "What "What would "What would you "What would you say "What would you say to "What would you say to him "What would you say to him if "What would you say to him if he was was here?" daughter daughter and daughter and FernoTweto, daughter and FernoTweto, Jim's wife: "I "I love "I love him "I love him and..." "Thank "Thank you." "Thank you "Thank you for "Thank you for everything." "My "My little "My little sister "My little sister said, "My little sister said, 'he taught taught us taught us so taught us so many taught us so many lessons taught us so many lessons and gave gave us gave us so gave us so many gave us so many tools, gave us so many tools, now gave us so many tools, now we just need just need to just need to learn just need to learn how just need to learn how to just need to learn how to use those those tools those tools and those tools and grow those tools and grow up those tools and grow up and yeah, yeah, but yeah, but he yeah, but he set yeah, but he set us yeah, but he set us up perfectly. perfectly. We perfectly. We just perfectly. We just need perfectly. We just need to perfectly. We just need to go out out there out there and out there and live out there and live now. out there and live now. Yeah, out there and live now. Yeah, my dad dad taught dad taught us dad taught us everything dad taught us everything and, mom, mom, I mom, I would mom, I would just mom, I would just say, mom, I would just say, 'I mom, I would just say, 'I love you' you' and you' and 'Thank you' and 'Thank you you' and 'Thank you so you' and 'Thank you so much." THE TWETOS SAY THE TWETOS SAY THE THE TWETOS SAY THE COUNTLESS SUPPORT SUPPORT FROM SUPPORT FROM FRIENDS, SUPPORT FROM FRIENDS, STRANGERS, PILOTS PILOTS AND PILOTS AND RELATIVES PILOTS AND RELATIVES HAVE PILOTS AND RELATIVES HAVE BEEN HELPING HELPING THEM HELPING THEM STAY HELPING THEM STAY STRONG

  Top Comments:
  1. @alisonjones9305 [1 likes]: My deepest condolences to the family and friends. I used to enjoy watching this program, such tragic news. ❤️🇬🇧
  2. @dreh1h1: ❤
  3. @frankfontein1033: We're watching Flying Wild Alaska on late night TV at present in New Zealand. What a sad loss for you and us all. Stay strong.
  4. @gooniac33: That is exactly how you want to be remembered.... It was always so funny watching the show and seeing how the family was so tight! I know this happened a while ago but it still sucks that they lost him. RIP to the Legend and genuine all around good dude...
  5. @Jute511: I adore Flying Wild Alaska, I watch it every year, so sad to hear of Jim's death.
  6. @bingobandit: I just recently found about this sad situation. I loved watching that show. Mr Tweto was what every man should strive to be. Condolences to the family.
  7. @mattdelany6799: Pilot error.
  8. @nachocroes8075: R.I.P jim tweto 😢❤️🌹🕊🙏🏽
  9. @JeffWyatt-o2u: He will be missed
  10. @waynetaylor5227: I remember  Ariel  from her  appearances  on Craig  Ferguson Sorry for your loss, Ariel.
  11. @ShaunJones-w4c: God bless
 You jim and your lovely  family
  12. @BobSymonds-l7v: I just heard about this. I have been in Japan last 3 yrs. I loved watching the series when I could. Jim was an amazing husband and father. His flight expierience was second to no one. I hope the ladies are all well. RIP Mr Tweto.
  13. @melindamyers3124: I am sorry for your lost
  14. @brianogden1789: Loved that show, and this family . We miss you, Jim, a life we'll lived
  15. @toddpeters9007: God bless him ...good man
  16. @ednunya8578: I loved the show they had. Stay strong ladies, you know he’s watching over you all.
  17. @patpiggott3851: I watched your show when I'm sorry for your loss
  18. @32plug: Great man, Great husband, Great Father. I miss him
  19. @DavidHuber63: God sent the Ravens. Make no bones about it, please. 💜🙏🏼
  20. @fernandochavez4312: Two strong people don’t need my sympathy but you get it anyway. I am so sorry for your loss.

- The Journey To Becoming An Airline Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en all right what is up everybody welcome back to another YouTube video and this video is a little different we're not going flying if you're new to the channel I'm Joey muo I fly an Airbus out of the Tampa Airport airline pilot and also super into fitness right now I'm training for a sub three Marathon so I've been sharing that Journey a little bit but this video is going to be all about my journey from the start to finish of becoming an airline pilot and I have my log books here with me to show you basically how long it took and also talk a little bit about the price breakdown um but that has changed a little bit in the last couple years long story short I did a part 61 program uh out of Melbourne Florida Melbourne Flight Training and I did every single hour of my flight training and also my instructing at that school and I can also get you a discovery flight or a free intro flight to the their career airline pilot program if you're interested in becoming an airline pilot I'll talk through the breakdown so this is my first log book ever and then as I got more hours I got this big boy and then now I actually have a digital log book but all of my check rides are in these paper log books right here so first check ride ever was my private pilot license check ride so this basically allows you to take up friends and family you can't get paid to fly yet but you can go fly by yourself go fly with friends and family it's a really big First Step so here I did my Private Pilot check ride at about 60 hours and this was 2018 11:26 2018 you know technically you only need 40 hours part 61 so I did a little bit more than that I wasn't quite ready right at 40 hours and that's very very common and this um this check ride costed me around total like all of my cost going into my Private Pilot check ride it was like around 8 $8 to $110,000 so that's pretty standard on what you'll what you'll get nowadays then the next check ride after your private pilot license is going to be your instrument rating so this basically allows you to fly into the cloud so Private Pilot you take a written test so you'll study for that you take the written test you pass that and then you also have a practical exam which is like a 2hour oral exam you sit down with a pilot examiner that ask you a bunch of questions you answer them if you complete that good you move on to the flight portion and then you go fly for like an hour hour and a half same thing with the instrument check ride there's a a written test and then you go and do the exact same thing 2hour oral exam and then you go fly and you go do different things obviously than the Private Pilot exam the instrument check ride is more about about learning how to fly into the clouds shooting approaches and everything like that um you mostly will fly under something called foggles uh which will simulate being in a cloud while you fly that entire check ride shooting approaches and and all sorts of stuff uh holds and flying radials off vs all all sorts of stuff so about 3 months later 4 18 2019 I guess it was like 4 4 months later four or 5 months later I took my instrument check ride same thing there right at here I had about 170 hours so this costed me around another $110,000 a lot of people are going to ask the difference between part 61 and 141 61 is pay as you go go at your own pace that's what I did I didn't really follow a strict um schedule 141 you will be on a strict time schedule pretty much obviously things change but it's different in terms of hour requirements there's two different ways of going about it but I personally went part 61 I just wanted to go at my own pace and that's just what the school offered at that time now they have a 141 program so you'll probably save a little bit of money maybe going 141 rather than 61 and possibly a little bit of time too because there's less hours required to get your licenses through 141 then I got my instrument check ride the next check ride my commercial single engine um so now you know obviously Private Pilot you can fly to friends and family IFR you can go fly into the clouds then commercial this is a big one because now you can go get paid to fly so I took this check ride uh 718 2019 so about 3 months after the instrument check ride and passed it first try this one is obviously different than the past two check rides different Maneuvers they just want to make sure basically that you have more Mastery of the airplane because now you're going to go get paid to fly you're going to fly around people or cargo or whatever kind of job you're going to pick up probably most often what I did you're probably going to go do uh be become a CFI become a flight instructor so um that's what I did after this but that is another check ride same thing with commercial you're going to take a written and then you're going to take the check ride couple hours oral exam and go fly and hit all those Maneuvers that you have to nail basically for that check ride pretty much finished that and then I immediately got into my CFI training becoming a flight instructor is probably the hardest rating that you're ever going to get because there's so much knowledge involved like you have to really really know your stuff considering you're about to teach everybody you know getting everybody their private license you know eventually if you get your double eye their instrument uh rating then their commercial license and everything like that so I did my CFI 329 2020 so I took a little bit of time off and then I knocked that out it was definitely the hardest check ride but very very rewarding and the second I got this I was lucky enough to start working at Melbourne Flight Training so thank you Derek he hired me and I was able to start racking up my hours I became a much better pilot in this process and I was able to obviously gain my hours towards going to the airlines with which going part 61 I needed 1,500 hours um so you know at this point when I got my commercial I'm at 340 hours so you know a lot of you know 1,200 hours you know left to build um so I did pretty much all of that as a flight instructor so after my CFI I did my commercial multi-engine add-on so now basically that would allow me to get paid to go fly multi-engine airplanes and it's just you know obviously you need that rating because most jobs are going to be in multi-engine planes and the airlines require you to have that and time in multi-engine Planes so really fun rating just you know learning about multi-engine aerodynamics and just learning how to fly a newer bigger faster plane play is always very exciting so I did that 4 4 2020 very soon after my CFI so I just kind of knocked that out as fast as I could then once I finished that moving on into the new book uh I did my CFI so basically became a instrument instructor I was able to teach people you know instrument flying rather than just private and Commercial which keeps it interesting I would suggest doing this as well um it just makes Life as a flight instructor if you're going to do all of your time building as a flight instructor it makes it a little bit easier because you're not teaching the same Maneuvers and the same things over and over again you're getting a little bit of variety in your students um so I did this on 727 2020 so a few months later did my double eye and then last but not least or actually not last second to last did my Mei so I was able to teach in the multi-engine airplane getting people there commercial you know multi add-on or their Mei um so I did this a little bit later on 2021 319 2021 took a few months was obviously flight instructing making some money and then I did my Mei and then once I got all my hours the last thing you're really going to get is your ATP your airline transport pilot certificate um this I obviously need, 1500 hours and I basically went and did it with the first airline that hired me so that's usually what's going to happen is a regional possibly a lowcost carrier they're going to hire you and then put you through training and get you your ATP so long story short there's a lot of tests there's a lot of studying there's a lot of flying a lot of time building but it does go pretty fast that whole process you know starting in November of 2018 and then finishing February of 2022 so it's really not that long of a process and like I said I went at my own pace I went a lot slower than a lot of other people have gone but yeah that is the typical progression of things you get your private then you do your instrument then commercial you do your commercial multi-engine add-on become a CFI a double ey an Mei and then you get enough time and you go to the airlines obviously you don't need to do any of the flight instructing things you could just get your commercial and then man you can find other jobs you can do Banner Towing you can uh fly skydivers if you know somebody who owns you know a plane that wants you to fly it then boom and if if it's a jet they get you typ rated and you can start flying you know corporate um that's a really good gig too that's you know probably better experience honestly honestly looking back that'll get you more ready for the airlines if that is your goal because that's kind of flying you're going to do as a flight instructor you become really good at flying the cesna 172 or whatever you're flying and you learn a lot about aerodynamics and you learn how to teach people and how to adapt to different learning styles and I really wouldn't change it but if you go fly a jet that's what you're going to be do in an airline so that experience actually carries over a lot better but that's it really um in terms of cost it cost me around $65,000 I'd say you're probably going to spend nowadays anywhere from like 80 to$ 120,000 but with that said a lot of these Airlines first year now is 100,000 and some of them are doing signing bonuses I'm not sure actually now a lot of those have halted since the shortage isn't you know in in effect anymore really a lot of airlines have slowed hiring so maybe the uh the signing bonuses will come back in a year or two but it doesn't take that long it's not that hard it is going to require a lot of time and studying but it's fun you're learning about flying an airplane you're going up and flying an airplane it really it really was a good experience um when it comes to making money early on as a flight instructor you really don't make a lot of money uh I was probably making3 to $40,000 a year for the year and a half that I was a flight instructor but then once you get over that you get to the airlines you're making 100 Grand a year you can pay off those loans pretty quick if you did get a loan or if you had enough money and saved up then even better and you're you're Off to the Races once you get to the airline so yeah I never really talked about it never talked about like the full breakdown of um how I got to the airline but that was it I pretty much started right after college I didn't know what I wanted to do applied to a few different places wasn't really excited and then I was like you know what let me try this whole airline pilot thing I went did a discovery flight which I can offer you guys as I talked about and I fell in love right there started training and never stopped pretty much did each test each rating one after the other until I made it to the Airlines and then and now I've been in the airlines almost 3 years the life in the airlines is pretty good my quality life is great if you follow this channel you can see that I I sit Reserve most of the time I don't fly all that much I love my life I live here in Tampa I fly the Airbus um a little different a little different than the other videos but I hope you guys enjoyed the video if you have any other questions definitely put them below before you do that though I'm sure people are going to ask about ATP Embry Riddle I don't know I I don't I I didn't obviously go to those schools I've heard you know from friends that did go there that was a pretty good experience but my experience was at Melbourne Flight Training and that's the only thing I could really talk about and I work with them now and I can get you guys free Discovery flight so that's the only one that I can really really recommend since I did everything start to finish there so like I said Link in the bio hit them up tell them I sent you and you get a free intro flight to their career airline pilot program other than that thank you so much for watching nice quick video just wanted to break that down real quick and I will see you guys on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @eherr8835 [2 likes]: I live in Melbourne and I’m looking to join Melbourne flight training school
  2. @Reggie1991Rkm [1 likes]: What age were you when you started training to become a pilot?im 34 and just wanted some feedback on starting at that age
  3. @cando18 [1 likes]: I take my first ride hopefully this Thursday to Friday. Gonna be a long process but super excited to start this process. Gotta pay off some of these bills while working my real job but gonna chase the dream
  4. @g..3095: how often are you home for family life?
  5. @riddickfisher2311: I’m located in Tampa and currently a senior in high school and looking at fight schools, and looking to move to go at Jaxaero, thoughts?
  6. @jeanserrano2395: I want to start flight school next august, watching this is just fuel for the fire 💪🏽
  7. @DevinVasquez: I’m out in southwest cali, riverside county to be exact. Seems like everything here is really expensive. Can someone kind of narrow down what I need exactly to becoming an airline pilot? Ppl is first I’m guessing? What’s next?
  8. @GrahamaGD: Ur my idol bro
  9. @Garrettliftss: what's your opinion of doing flight school through college. For my case I'm going to community college and I want to do my flight school while I'm doing that.
  10. @NoahdaMon125: Do you recommend getting a BA since the requirement was dropped? (If the goal is airlines/legacy)
  11. @danmills2932: Thank you for the informative video! What was your educational background before starting flight training? Do you have a bachelor's degree in a particular field? Thanks
  12. @music_city_mav: I just finished my Instrument training and checkride. Starting Commercial on monday; not looking forward to going back into VFR world.
  13. @thabondou320: any flight school in Rheinland Pflaz germany??
  14. @FolamiAdenike: Hi joey you are my role model
  15. @jonathanordonez3869: Did you work while you were doing your flight school at your own pace? If so how much did you work?
  16. @lukekellerman9872: Thank you for this, going for my introductory flight on sunday 😊 so excited
  17. @rebeccasObadiah: Fantastic 😊
  18. @Thefatlegend48: How did you have to pay it off
  19. @Ben.Evans1994: Thank you.
  20. @Ghosst1999: Thats a nice video, I wanna become a Pilot and make my ATPL too. I also really wanna do that in the USA for example Florida like you do but I am german so staying after my OPT as an CFI
will be hard for me.

- Limb-itless: Pilot Born Without Arms Defies All Odds: Kind: captions Language: en-GB 00:05 JESSICA: I didn't see my not having arms as being a limitation. 00:18 COMM: Jessica Cox was born without arms due to a rare non-genetic birth defect. But this hasn't held her back from driving a car, gaining a black belt in Taekwondo, playing the piano, scuba diving, and becoming the world's first licensed armless pilot. 00:37 JESSICA: Naturally people saw the fact that I didn't have arms as a limiting factor, but I was there to prove them wrong. 00:46 COMM: Now she travels the world as a motivational speaker with her husband Patrick. 00:52 PATRICK: If I had to describe Jessica in three words it would be kind, positive and unstoppable. 01:02 COMM: Even as a child having no arms proved no obstacle to Jessica. 01:07 JESSICA: As a young little girl I was in just about everything. At three my mom had me in gymnastics, at six I started tap dance lessons. At ten I started Taekwondo. I did modelling, I swam starting at the age of five. I did every activity you could imagine. 01:30 COMM: She tried wearing prosthetic arms from the ages of three to fourteen, but hasn't used them since. 01:37 JESSICA: There's nothing that can substitute the tactile ability of flesh and bone and my feet have the tactile ability to feel if something was hot or smooth or rough. It was just a lot easier to be able to make those connections with the feeling my feet provided. 01:57 COMM: Despite her adventurous spirit, she'd always been afraid of flying. Until she had a life changing experience. 02:05 JESSICA: One day a fighter pilot came up to me and he asked if I wanted to fly in a single engine airplane. That idea wasn't something that I was too enthusiastic about. But he encouraged me, my dad encouraged me and I gathered up my courage. 02:22 JESSICA: I was sitting right beside the pilot and he asked if I wanted to experience putting my foot up on the yoke, and when I did and when I had a feel for what it was like to handle that airplane I knew I wanted to become a pilot. 02:35 COMM: However, there were a number of challenges to overcome. 02:38 JESSICA: Who would teach me, what type of airplane, was this realistic, would this be safe? Of course the safe and realistic part I didn't even consider because I knew if I wanted a pilot I was going to do everything I could. I had to find an airplane that had less controls than the average. 02:55 JESSICA: So the Air Coupe airplane which is a 1945 has two less rudder pedals on the floor that way I could have my right foot on the yoke, my left foot on the throttle, and criss cross and fly the airplane safely. The airplane was not customised in any way for me. 03:11 COMM: In 2008 her determination paid off when she became the first licensed armless pilot in the world. 03:19 JESSICA: Three years, three different airplanes, three different flight instructors. Eighty hours of flying in three different states, I was a certified pilot. It was a long ordeal. 03:31 COMM: Five years ago the 32-year-old met husband Patrick Chamberlain through their mutual love of Taekwondo. 03:39 JESSICA: I remember looking across the room and seeing him with this confused look in his face, he later told me it's because he thought I had arms but they were in my sweater. 03:51 JESSICA: Patrick and I work as a tea, but he loves to cook but I do the dishes. We balance each other out in different ways. 04:00 JESSICA: Thank you, good morning! 04:03 COMM: Together they promote Jessica's motivational speaking which he hopes will inspire others to overcome obstacles, like she has. 04:11 JESSICA: And if there's something you want to do, don't let anything stop you, with that you must be persistent. Think about the last time you said, I can't. 04:20 JESSICA: Patrick and I work together to be able to motivate people. He is a very crucial part of my presentation. I get to be the one in the spotlight and in front of everyone but it would not happen is Patrick wasn't back there eliminating the challenges of the media tech and all around manager. 04:42 PATRICK: We have some very interesting adventures on our travels. 04:49 PATRICK: It's a constant adventure and it's a lot of fun. And while children may be in their future, for now they plan to continue inspiring others. 04:59 JESSICA: If we did have a child without arms, we wouldn't hesitate because I've been able to live my life just fine without arms. As far as we know it's not a genetic condition. We have many years to spend together and start a family. We've been talking about continuing to travel the world and bring the motivational speaking to other countries, and help change some attitudes about disability.

  Top Comments:
  1. @eury5405 [5 likes]: I was in a FedEx in Tucson when she walked in. I was blown away at how effortlessly she used her legs to take her bag off of her shoulder, grab a package from the person at the counter and walk out like nothing! Then she got into a car and drove away...I was SPEECHLESS....that is when the folks at the counter told me she flew planes!.
  2. @Angelovelato11 [1 likes]: Ciaooo si tu sei speciale per me ti auguro tanta felicità
  3. @pinkpilot9443: You're amazing!  
You spoke at EAA AirVenture some years ago. My whole family was inspired.  
- "Pink Pilot"
  4. @user-so8mq7of7k: True warrior of a woman , big respects salute
  5. @YolandaRosario-o9f: 🫡🙇‍♀️❤️🫶🙏🙏🫶❤️🙇‍♀️🫡
  6. @velmuruganmurugesan821: Iam very proud of you. Hands of and salute you.
  7. @Bob31415: Absolutely amazing. I don't even know her yet I am proud of her.
  8. @nana8135: There are NO MORE EXCUSES!!
  9. @Gmtz10: I know them foot jobs go crazy
  10. @LongMinh-dz8ul: Never give up 🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤
  11. @LongMinh-dz8ul: ❤❤❤
  12. @jarvissdot7700: This is amazing
  13. @KrishaClose-kh9rx: 8 years ago
  14. @KrishaClose-kh9rx: Everything is possible
  15. @OrhanVerim-q9g: Senin gibi umut yürekli insanlara selam olsun kardeşim❤
  16. @ΜάνοςΚαρμίρης-ι3ο: Υποκλίνομαι στο μεγαλείο της
  17. @aurelijusvijunas529: God bless you!
  18. @JohnSmithz: I would hit my stumps hard until my hands grew bigger, I couldn't have stayed like that.
I got angry until they grew up.
  19. @joeeden8181: Just wow. I will never complain again.
  20. @LeoPerera-y5n: JESUS PLEASE PLEASE BLESS and HELP and PROTECT THIS LADY AND PLEASE HELP HER AND HER HUSBAND PLEASE LORD HELP HER URGENTLY...

- To Anyone Feeling Lonely: Kind: captions Language: en (gentle music) - [Narrator] Hey Psycho2goers, welcome back to our channel, we wanted to let you know that we value each and every one of you. All of your support helps us make psychology and mental health more accessible to everyone. So thank you for all of the love and support. Now, back to the video. How often do you feel lonely? While it's common for all of us to experience loneliness every now and then, what do we do with the feeling persists more than we're used to? If not dealt with properly, loneliness can grow into something harmful to a mental health. Now, if you believe you're suffering from excessive or chronic loneliness, a good plan might be to seek out help through a counselor or mental health professional. It's a great first step and gives you a chance to talk with someone about your feelings that you're experiencing. While a lot of us can feel lonely when isolated for too long, loneliness isn't reliant on being alone. Loneliness, like all of our emotions, is a state of mind. Research demonstrates that loneliness does not reflect how many friends or family members you have by your side. Instead, it's how connected you feel internally. You can be surrounded by family or friends, and yet your feelings of loneliness still somehow managed to persist. So what can we do about it? Well, you're in luck, because here at Psych2go we've gathered a list of four tips to help you deal with loneliness. Number one, become friends with yourself first. Self care is something that is extremely important for our mental health. The truth is, we may feel lonely because deep down we longed for our own friendship. When's the last time you were kind to yourself, took a minute to relax and wind down just for you? And I don't mean passing out after a long night of working. I mean conscious time dedicated to yourself and your thoughts, thoughts all on you, not work, not drama, just relaxation. This could mean a relaxing bubble bath instead of a quick shower. Some time spent doing an activity or a hobby that you enjoy, or perhaps sitting down with your favorite book. When loneliness comes knocking on the door, it's a good idea to look inwards and spend some time with the friend within ourselves. They may be the one to help us calm ourselves and relieve some stress. That is if we do spend time with them. Once we've made friends with ourselves, we might not feel as lonely around others or on our own, because you always know you got your back. Number two, show compassion. Oftentimes, when we're lonely, we may wish that someone could simply be there for us, someone to understand us and show us some compassion. Well, a little compassion can go a long way. Don't you feel a little cheerier when someone gives you a compliment? when someone does a favor for you? Don't you feel a little more valued and less alone? Wouldn't you wanna bring that compassion to others as well and spread love? Because not only does carrying out kind acts for others help them feel cheery, but it can make us feel cheery as well, and less lonely in the process. After all, we're engaging in a form of social interaction. Compassion can be a step towards making a new friend, or simply feeling less lonely knowing you may have made someone's day. According to research from psychologists, Ed Diener and Martin Seligman, altruism can lead to improved mental and physical health as well as speed up recovery from diseases. Brain imaging research from Naomi Eisenberger at UCLA has found that providing support for others, may have unique positive effects on key brain areas involved in stress and reward responses. The research shows that a little compassion and support can predict decreased stress responses in the brain. So next time you're feeling lonely, perhaps reach out to a family member or old friend who could use some support, donate to a charity or volunteer with an organization you care about, maybe a mental health organization on loneliness, I'm sure they'd love to support as much as you. Number three, find your tribe. As mentioned, you don't need to be physically alone to feel lonely. You could be at a loud, seemingly fun party with others and still you can't help but shake the feeling. Perhaps you do have friends or classmates you regularly talk to and you do get along with them, but you don't necessarily have a lot in common with them. You may even find yourself disinterested in the topics they discuss, but politely not alone because hey they're your friends after all, and you care about them. But sometimes you feel like the odd one out. This may be due to the idea that you haven't found your tribe yet. Tribe, what on earth do you mean? Well, looking for your tribe means you're looking for people who share common interests and ideas with you or possess traits you aspire to adapt. We should all surround ourselves with others who share the same interest, so we can not only discuss what we value, but gain a friend in doing so. It can take some people many years to find their tribe, they don't appear out of thin air. That's why joining an online community with interests similar to your own is an easy place to start. If you enjoy a certain video game, reach out to online players and make some friends. Or perhaps you're a book lover, join a book club online or in person. You may find yourself with your very own tribe in no time. Number four, there is no perfect trend. If you're lonely, you may have daydreamed about what it would be like to be perfectly socialized, imagining yourself with an ideal group of friends and your best friend, the perfect friend. Hate to burst your bubble, but there's no such thing as perfect, meaning your imaginary friend isn't all you'd hoped they'd be. Theory and research suggests that those with a high level of perfectionism are more at risk for depressive symptoms and suicide ideation, because their feelings of alienation, isolation and loneliness are all the more intense. Thing is, perfectionism and socializing may even prevent them from socializing at all. Because when they do look for the perfect friend, they can't seem to find them anywhere. Philosopher and author of "A Philosophy of Loneliness" Lars Svendsen, argues that people with chronic loneliness may likely be social perfectionist. Svendsen explains that social perfectionism is more common among lonely individuals than non lonely. The lonely person thinks that they're unloved and that no one will befriend them. But perhaps the problem is rather that because they place such impossible demands on friendship and love, they are not capable of loving or befriending someone. Now, are you capable of befriending someone? Absolutely. Don't let a little perfectionism get in the way of making a new friend. People have flaws, and not every social interaction is meant to be amazing. It can be awkward at times, or even silly. Once we're content with knowing friendships can be messy, awkward and silly at times, we can then feel a little more relaxed when it comes to making a new friend. If you think your perfectionism is getting in the way of finding a friend, know that someone is out there for you, but they won't be perfect. And flaws and all, you'll still love each other and may even be a little less lonely. There's someone out there for you, you just have to keep looking. So, will you try out any of these tips? What online communities will you join? Let us know in the comments. The studies and references used are listed in the description below. Don't forget to hit the subscribe button and notification by icon for more Psych2go videos and thank you for watching. And if this video helped you, please let us know by liking and sharing it with someone who may be feeling lonely. After all, this video could be a great way to reach out and support someone who is suffering from loneliness. And in the process, you never know, you may just make a new friend.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [5700 likes]: How's your day so far? :_PSIBigHeart:
  2. @j3zproductions [1 likes]: I am just.......used to feeling this way, for, loneliness, has been, a CONSTANT struggle for me, for WAY OVER 10 FREAKING YEARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  3. @the_creature_featured [1 likes]: I just want someone who loves me like I love others. Is that such a hard request?
  4. @tealtree4019 [1 likes]: 1:59 not sure how to only think about me anymore. I body shame myself even if keep and stay on a work out and I’m  a skinny person.
  5. @droxx1118 [1 likes]: i've been lonely for years i found girls but idk it's just that i've been the guy who wanted the perfect girl to pop out bc i have a best friend but someone who value me and support me as a girl i don't know if it can be possible i'm despair about it i'm rying to reach my personnal goals but while this time no one came to me. Even in public a girl never came to me to say that she think i'm good i belive that life can be a movie so meet someone can be just like a movie
  6. @JohnlowieFernandez [1 likes]: if I hadn't watched this I would've commited suicide today...
  7. @Zinedeni: Im 23 i feel so lonely, dont have friends, i only sleep. i try to work but after 2 months i gave up, i dont enjoy anything...
  8. @darth_vedant669: I love watching these
  9. @Thevoidscape: Anybody else crying in bed watching this?
  10. @lorimiller9056: Did this actually help anyone?
  11. @rock_the_dragon: Jesus loves you and can do these things for you. I promise. He is what is keeping me sane. Mwah ❤
  12. @rock_the_dragon: 20 people's unread messages. Haven't left house more than once in half a year. Only live with my dad, but he barely talks to me. Just me, my dad, and Jesus. worst part is that I hate messaging people other than occasionally my online best friend. I'm used to it, and I don't want to be around others, in anxious. But I do get lonely at times. I'm 13.
  13. @aiflyinthesky: after watch this, i find the red string of my loneliness. apparently, it strats from my perfectionism in everything :)))
  14. @Umutpoyraz-i3m: This is my first time commenting. This video is from 5 years ago and it kind of embarrases me to watch this, im very embarrased of being lonely. I feel so stupid for this and i really just want to be loved, i cant find anyone who would choose me in a room of 100 people. I feel so dumb and weak for relying on one person. I wish every one of you here that said these here are doing okay and never go thru what i feel.
  15. @susandiye9716: I feel so lonely
  16. @AlexDummyacc2: Its been 5 years since the pandemic... 
I survived🤕❤️
Let's celebrate we all survived❤
👇
  17. @MayedaTariq-el6zc: where are the people in the comments? meet me y'all, we all twins fr 😭
  18. @prajwalms2707: People tell me to call them when I feel lonely , little do they know forced conversation don't take away that feeling .
  19. @ChristianSvensson-o2s: Reading the comment section made me feel less lonely ❤
  20. @felix.693-u6n: I tried making friends. But they said death threats to me,  i still don't think people care about me, i mostly get ignored by people in my class since they hate people with autism, and i don't feel comfortable looking at myself, i just never felt loved before.

- How to Deal With Loneliness: Kind: captions Language: en good morning Dwayne here Dry Creek Wrangler School we got a morning here we got a new class coming in next to the last class for this year being this afternoon so Mom and I are taking the chance and taking the opportunity to make another video this morning I've been chewing on this we didn't make a video for a couple of weeks and then I just posted two videos they were both horse related and this topic I've been chewing on for a little while but I've been hesitant to put it up because I didn't really have things clear in my mind um but I'm going to take a chance this morning and see what we come up with the for the last many weeks I've gotten a lot of contacts comments on the channel um emails different things about young men especially I mean it's it's pandemic around the world I think but young men especially in this country who are just feeling isolated and alone uh it's it's a really bad situation in this country Mama sent me a a video link of a guy and he was talking about in this country the numbers of uh when it comes to suicides when it comes to uh homelessness when it comes to prisons the numbers of men in these situations are astronomically higher uh than women and then this same guy read a lot of the feedback from women and it was it was horrible they were celebrating the fact that men are three times three times more likely to commit suicide um I just can't and it's no wonder good men in this world are backing away from women and saying look this is just this is not this is not right and uh and when this attitude pervades when this attitude pervades feminists cannot sit there and say we're only about equality let me let me give you a thought ladies I'm going to get a lot of I'm going to get a lot of grief for this and I don't care I don't know you and I ain't scared of you okay if a man is here and you want to be equal and the only way you can get equal is to band together and tear him down so that you can be at this level you're not equal you're not equal okay you're a parasite I'm not gonna go any further into that all right because I'll get I will get wound up and get scratchy men you're feeling isolating alone and lonely what do you do you can't find a good woman these days it seems like and they're out there let me tell you right now there's there's good women are still out there they come through here we meet them around and there are still really good solid women of values who value themselves who value the men around them um they're just harder to find so what's a guy to do look I'm not a I'm not a psychologist I'm not trained I don't okay I'm just I don't know Uncle Dwayne you go sit down and have a cup of coffee and a cigar and say hey man I don't know what to do all I can do is give you my view maybe to help maybe it won't speaking of cigar Perdomo in menso 70. it's the only prodomal cigar I've ever purchased that disappointed me um I bought a box of them I really like the 70 gauge um sitting around in the evening it gives me a lot of time but this cigar has been the least pleasing of any predominal cigar I've ever had it's not that I don't like it if I didn't like it I wouldn't be wouldn't be having one this morning but it just to me it doesn't measure up it's a Maduro made in Nicaragua everything should be uh and it's from a great company everything should be but this is like I'm down to three out of the box and I have not yet had what I call a mustache burner one that's so good I don't want to let it go and it gets all the way down to the point I'm afraid it's going to burn my mustache and great cigar is a mustache but but it's you know it's pretty decent and I do like the size but I mean I'm getting a hot spot right here back away from my burn and they're just I don't know uh but it's still a it's better than some other cigars but I wanted one this morning just because of the size so let's look at it guys loneliness loneliness and what is the answer to loneliness well if you're lonely I mean it stands the reason that you're not finding people outside people that you can connect with on a physical level an emotional level oh a mental level a spiritual level whatever wherever you're at now it's harder for some people and I understand personalities I I understand there's difficulty in this like for me I'm very comfortable in my own head I'm very comfortable alone for hours at a time for days at a time um I uh it doesn't mean I haven't felt loneliness it doesn't mean that I don't feel lonely at times but it's not acute it's not something I can't I can't deal with um and to me from what I see is the one companion let's let's think this through the one companion outside of of God if you're follow God if you believe in God and you have him then there's always a friend that sticketh closer to a brother but this we're talking about the human issue the one companion that's always going to be with you is yourself and I think the first thing you have to do I think the first thing we have to do is we have to get ourselves to the point where we don't necessarily need a companion now um it you know in when God created in the Bible when God created Adam and then he looked down he looked it at him he said it's not good that man be alone that's why he created Eve it's not ideal it's not ideal but it's doable and sometimes it beats the alternative uh and ladies the exact same thing uh it's better to be by yourself than it is to be with a bad man uh and but sometimes we choose we choose less than ideal companions because to us that beats the alternative of not having any companion and the reason why we cannot gr we cannot face the concept of not having any companion is because we're not comfortable with ourself as a we don't want to be left alone by ourselves with ourself so we come in and we sit down and we get on our phone or we turn on the TV or or we go wherever we do whatever because we don't want to face the reality of being by ourself with ourself and so fellas I would say one of the things I would recommend that you think about chew on look into is start making yourself a companion that you're comfortable with now that sounds kind of maybe not real mainstream but if you had a if you had a friend if you had a person you're gonna sit down spend all the time with what would you want from that person what would you want well I would want to spend time with somebody who's honest makes sense I don't want to spend time with somebody who's going to be lying to me all the time someone who's going to gently tell me the truth about myself one of the hardest things sometimes for the human to do is get to the point where they stop lying to themselves where they tell themselves the truth they speak the truth to themselves now you got to face the reality of Who You Are you got to face the reality of what you are all right and and nobody's going to tell you that like you yourself will tell you that um you want to tell yourself the truth but you want to tell yourself the truth in understanding and forgiveness I look back at things in my life and I can't say it was somebody else's fault I can't say I didn't do that I can't say this is why I did that so that made it all right I mean all the way back you know human our entire lives so I got to tell myself the truth yeah that was that was not okay but then I at the same time I have to tell myself that uh you're a human and you made it right and you're making it right and it's okay it's okay wherever you've been in the past that's bad if you're not still there your companion which is yourself needs to feel free to tell you it's okay that was a bad place to be that was a bad person to be but you're not that person anymore and you're not in that place anymore but if you're with yourself and yourself is always beating you up you're not going to want to be with yourself if I'm sitting out here by myself in the evening buy a fire a cup of coffee and a cigar and I'm constantly beating myself up over my failures in the past I'm not someone that I want to be alone with does it make sense all right you got to make yourself and then the next thing I want I would want from a companion is I would want someone who is encouraging who sees the possibility in the future who gently pushes me and encourages me to get out of the rut to get out of the hole to get out of the Sheepfold to get out of the swamp that I'm in and to move on and do better you want someone who's going to encourage you well if you don't have somebody who's going to do that become that somebody and again now I'm fellas I'm I'm blessed I mean I've got mama okay I'm not speaking I've got something a lot of you guys don't I have mama but at the same time I have a a very comfortable relationship with myself all right and sometimes if you don't have someone like Mama yourself is what you have and you need to encourage yourself you need to look around and you need to be able to encourage yourself and say look I'm not stuck here unless I choose to stay here I get people get on the Channel all the time and they're like Dwayne you're out of touch you don't know what you're talking about you're out in the country those of us in the city we don't have that opportunity well now I've been in a lot of cities and I've never been in a city that had a big wall around it that wouldn't let you out if you actually want to leave you actually want to get away from the crime from the the homelessness from the situations that are being bred in the cities today leave now sometimes you can't I'm not totally stupid sometimes you can't um and but a lot of you a lot more of you can than can't now it takes courage it takes courage it takes sacrifice I mean I read if I was single and in some of these cities and I read what's going on in these cities and I read about the politics and and the crime and the homelessness and the the um cost of living and and the cost of rent and the cost of groceries and and the inability to do all this stuff I'd sell everything I could sell put enough in the backpack and I'd walk out I'd sell my car I'd sell everything don't tell me it can't be done watch the video on there I hitchhiked and took a bus from Tennessee to Cody Wyoming and picked up cigarette butts in the campground for soup and a sandwich and a place to stay until I finally got a job now that job was 350 a month but it included a room in a bunk house and it got me started don't tell me it can't be done it takes guts and you need to have a companion you need to be a companion that's going to gently encourage you and give you the courage to take that next step and to do better and to be better I know guys I know that the how do I the physical aspects of a relationship I know that they're positive I know that they are are things that is hardwired in us to search for but it's not something we gotta have it's not something we have to have and the hell that you go through with these relationships just in order to have someone to sleep with from time to time is not worth a destruction that is doing to your soul and your spirit to your life it's not worth it become your own man become your own man if these feminazis want to burn their own world down around them let them do it you don't have to be in it you don't need their world and you don't need them you don't need them I was asking Deanna this morning I was reading this stuff and I'm like if these women have their way are they going to get out and asphalt these highways are they going to get up on these high lines and do this is I'm not saying they can't but I'm saying the dang sure won't are they going to do sewer lines are they going to go into burning buildings and haul people over their shoulder down off the ladders here and there scattered here and there there's one but women as a whole are not going to do this and that's fine that's their business they can live their life as they want I'm not here bashing women but I am I am totally fed up with this whole feminazi movement that is destroying the young men in this country and nobody can destroy you if you won't let them all right don't let them you're a man you are a man stand up and be a man make the hard decisions make the sacrifices make the unpopular decisions and become comfortable in your own skin and if you are not a person that you are comfortable being alone with that is the one person in this universe that you have full power full right and full responsibility to change okay I don't have the right I don't have the desire to and I do not have the right to try to change my wife's personality and who she is I don't have the right to change anybody except myself now there's people out there I don't like and if I don't like them I just walk away I'm 55 years old I've done without that person my whole dang life I don't need them now and I don't have the right or the desire to try to change them but if I don't like me if I don't like me if I'm not comfortable being with me well that's a different story all right so it doesn't provide all the answers probably doesn't provide any answers I don't know but mailers a little bit of encouragement there maybe somebody there's a little seed a little step a little something that you can say hey you know what I think that helped me and listen just be strong stay strong and ladies I'm not bashing women but I am bashing this this this Godless hateful movement that is destroying this country and destroying the men in this country um it's it's not and fellas just don't let me add one more thing here all right I'm choosing my words give me a moment it is human nature it is human nature when a pendulum swings too far one way when the pendulum swings too far one weight we react and swing that pendulum too far the other way all right for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction all right don't do that do not do not react to this with opposite all the way over here don't be hateful and mean and derogatory to women I I am referring obliquely to a former kickboxer who now resides in Europe somewhere who has been all the all the rage there are some things he says that he's writing he's spot on but his pendulum has swung too far the other way okay and and some impressionable young men have taken it that way we're not at War fellas regardless of how this side wants to frame this picture we are not at war with women all right we're not you be that warrior in that Garden all right and you stand strong you'll be a strong man you be a good man and you just let the world rage around you all right I hope this helps and uh and my heart's with you guys anything I can do to help I'll be happy to do and so we'll catch you all next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @mma4lifeee [1 likes]: Thanks Arthur Morgan
  2. @annaholden2406 [1 likes]: 🌹 🌹 thank you 🌹 🌹
  3. @PickleNick-i1c [1 likes]: THIS IS HOW I DEALT WITH MY YOU KNOW SOCIAL ISOLATION CUZ I'M A SEX OFFENDER AND NO ONE WANTS TO HANG OUT WITH ME OR BE AROUND ME WHICH I WAS 16 AT THE TIME WHEN I WAS ACCUSED OF DOING SOMETHING AND PUT ON THE REGISTRY WHEN I WAS 17 THE YEAR LATER IT'S BEEN 11 YEARS SINCE I'M 28 NOW MELLOW MANIA.. I PUT MY EARBUDS IN THAT'S HOW I DEAL WITH MY LONELINESS AND GET HIGH WHAT DO YOU DO😮
  4. @fudgeknuckle952 [1 likes]: Nothing has changed 😢
  5. @ProTroll69 [1 likes]: I’m missing a woman dearly rn who was a pathological liar. That was our biggest point of conflict besides money. She basically wanted a sugar daddy and I didn’t think that was healthy. Regardless, I’m missing her and admitting for the first time that I am lonely. 33 years old and never had a name for this feeling. Being with someone evil instead of all alone can be more appealing, as wild as that sounds. It’s interesting that Dwayne led with honesty. I told her that she’ll never have trust from people if she doesn’t change. I wish she would be honest with herself…
  6. @Submersed24 [1 likes]: I had a gf for a while and was super into her and was basically my only genuine friend I  ever had  she just randomly decided she didn't like me anymore and never talked to me since. It left a crazy void feeling of constant anxiety especially seeing how most women just want to use men for drugs or money or ignore me outright if I try to talk to them. I get a genuine fear of never meeting my future wife at a young age because I don't want to be someone's 500th option. I want to be their first option but sadly that doesn't exist
  7. @kevinwind7910: Man it’s rough out here as a young man in 2026. Trying everything in our power to not blame baby boomers, but it’s tough when they want to leave out with the highest score. Never helping us become productive members of society, yet having a bank account larger than you could imagine. Feeling stuck, locked out and discouraged. The feminist thing is just the icing on the cake.
  8. @cybelitani5817: I am a good woman. I just can't seem to find a good man
  9. @mohamadkisanieh1923: Timeless..
  10. @ChaosMarx: I've accepted the fact that I will die alone. No friends, nor romance, just me and myself, a loser for life. Some days are harder than others but It's just the way it's meant to be.
  11. @livinginlondon6122: “Theres people out there that I don’t like , if I don’t like them I just walk away” 👏🏻👏🏻👊🏻👊🏻
  12. @chris-h2g9z: 07:55
15:07
  13. @Honor018: thank you
  14. @interbottl2629: thank you
  15. @801sOn: Thanks brother
  16. @norske-dalen: Im 27, my favorite grandpa passed away with all his wisdom years ago and I don't trust my own father. I need someone like you
  17. @romulusxyz6722: "I'm not stuck here unless I choose to stay here" - I needed that man. Thank you.
  18. @Hablo_Pablo: thank you Arthur Morgan
  19. @MohammadZayad-u4s: Bro is a genuine threat to the west culture 😂
  20. @MI_Tharindu: 1. Be the person who you want to be comfortable ( if you are not confirmable with you that's a problem)
2.be the person who would encourage you

- "I have no friends": 3 steps to dealing with the pain of loneliness: Kind: captions Language: en g'day guys i've just been walking around the beach in beaumaris in melbourne and i've seen groups of friends uh guys a little younger than me having a really good time drinking they've got some music and it looks like a wonderful experience and then i just came across this one guy of a similar age sitting all alone and it kind of broke my heart for just a moment because it reminded me of the experience i used to have when i went through the pain of not having friends so i've decided to create this video because there are some things that i wish i could have known back when i really struggled with the pain of not having friends so i'm going to create this video to share some of those messages to myself and i thought i'd pick up this camera and share it with you the sun's going down i don't know if i'll have time to finish this video but i'll do my best because i think it's an important message to share so if you're going through the pain of not having friends i want you to know that so many people have gone through this terrible pain but the answer is not to go out and try and socialize more and this is a mistake that i made many times and i used to beat myself up for not having this capability to go out and just meet new people so i'd force myself to try and meet people go to parties do various different things and it always backfired so what ended up happening was that i would go out i'd force myself to meet new people but i'd end up feeling more lonely even when i started hanging out with more people because loneliness doesn't come from not having people around loneliness comes when the people around you don't understand who you are at a very deep level so that was a really painful experience for me when i started to get more and more friends as i grow up and start developing some of my ideas and perspectives i ended up feeling much more lonely because people around me didn't understand me so that was the first experience the first thing that i want to share what ended up happening was that resulted in a new trap for me which was that i became really wrapped up in myself almost a narcissist because i thought it mattered so much this experience of me not having friends it was all about my experience of this and then i felt very different to people around me so this was the trap i got so focused on my own pain that all i could do was think about myself i never realized it but that was the thing that was stopping me from building really deep and meaningful relationships i thought i was so unique my challenges are so unique no one can ever understand me i searched for people like me but because i was so focused on myself i felt so different it meant that it required a very unique person as well for me to find a really special person and that really sent me down the wrong path so now i want to share the key thing i had to do to get myself out of this rut of the pain of not having friend and it was to not think about myself so much the key way to get out of this rut and i see it as something like the narcissistic rut where we're so focused on ourselves is to start thinking about how you can add value in other people's lives without needing anything in return so if you feel like you haven't got friends i'd love for you to take up this challenge this week focus on three different things you can do to really add value to people's lives all around you now the key is to do it without needing anything in return so you're not looking to build a friendship you're not looking to get something back you just want to do it because it genuinely starts to help other people so that's the first thing to do the second thing to do is to think about your purpose in life i want to share a very different way of thinking about your purpose and i learned this from the shaman yunder there's a free masterclass where you can hear huda talk in much more detail about this but i'm going to summarize as best as i can he asks you when you think about your purpose in life to think about the emotions that you're frustrated for not feeling right now so the things that you consistently want to feel more of or that you're not feeling enough of in life so whatever that frustration is and that pain of not having friends is probably related to it then think to yourself how are you able to help other people in your life to overcome some of those same emotional constraints or emotional limitations think about the last few years and when are the times when you've actually been helping people to break through some of those limitations now your purpose in life is probably going to be something that you've already been doing that you've already been living that when you're not even thinking about it it's what you instinctively do and it comes from the way that you want to help people get through their challenges in life probably based on the challenges that you've been overcoming or that you most want to overcome yourself so this is the second thing which is to have this understanding of your purpose but to understand your purpose in relationship with how you can help other people to really break through their limitations the third thing is to join those two so that the things that you're doing how you're helping people is also aligned with this purpose that you've got in life now if you can do this without needing anything in return without needing anyone to see you as a friend and you commit to this over time you will be so surprised at how many friends you've got in your life that understand you for you for what your values really are for who you are deep down inside now for me that's been the path i've been on to getting through this pain of not having friends i do have friends in my life now it's a smaller group of people but i no longer need big groups of friends i'm very happy with the friends that i've got and i feel like we're all connected in this purpose we're all helping others to break through constraints in life we're helping each other and for me that's enough i really hope that it's something that you can experience too and i do believe this three-step process can really help you to get through the pain of not having friends if you found this video valuable please do hit the like button that helps other people to see it and leave a comment below i would love to get to know you in the comments so that that can help me learn about what i should create in the next video see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @TyriqBurtton [2 likes]: Honestly id say beginning of middle school i made friends easily was outgoing and everything then for some reason i turn shy and introverted between like 7th and 8th grade but even in high school i still had friends but then after school was over i didnt really have much friends and i was fine with that cuz i was introverted and i liked being that way but then it got to a point to where i actually started to feel lonely and i was tired of being introverted and now i want friends i wanna be able to have ppl to talk to and to hang out with i be so bored. I dont even kno wat ppl to do hang out or where ppl go to make friends because i have none . Life jus be boring and lonely out here sadly. But its my fault ig i gotta actually go places to makes friends but idk where to go lol
  2. @christianadkins1006 [1 likes]: People don't understand you because there to self centered to give a shit they don't even think about you unless they need to use you for some reason the answer is stop giving  shit about anyone but yourself and you will much happier and much more successful and have a lot more if your lonely our sad and really need someone that's always there for you and will never betray you get  a dog our even a couple you will never be lonely and your never going to find a human being that even come close to being as loyal
  3. @Sarealeus: My family have been one big disappointment , I had four beautiful children , now two are addicted to drugs one addicted to alchahol and arrogance , a narc….one lives abroad, ..
I have brought myself up, survived every trauma from child sex abuse to being shit at raped beaten  strangled   ..survived it all brought my four up on my own,  do t drink do t smoke, love to paint draw write and help people, I shut myself away since the last beating,  tw3nty five years ago bedn a prisoner in my own home since , only now am I feeling sad and alone, even though my grandson living with me fir a while , it’s made me fe3l more alone,  than when I was on my own, I am so sad , my life ladt tw3nt6 five years was given up to looking afte4 my grandchikdren so daughte4 coukd 2ork or go out …now I am not needed I gp have be£n left unless they need money,  in that time I have lost all my friends ,  no going back so where dies tha5 leave you…no where , just waiting for god to take you home
  4. @KarenBoysha: I'm 38 never had " friends " I am seen as " walkin alone" as said or a loner. People lie cheat steal. I'm not perfect although true guilt is never repeated this dishonest is not of me. I may be seen alone feel lost yet am I. Birds are always not around me with me. I walk every day they followed me for years this is my normal a lot of birds all different species always. I at age 36 accepted this is not normal to others. Birds are dot around them only me. Rabbits  beavers foxes all exploded where I breath. Nobody's understanding meas I do not understand myself to understand another before yourself is not actually possible.  Together finding one of 2 that becomes whole maybe never seen this by nobody.  Animals trust me run to mei always knew the Birds I did yet not like I do now. Yet do I at all anything I do not know.
  5. @maryannbaretta1989: That's right people don't understand me at my level .I m better with my dog and birds🎉
  6. @maryannbaretta1989: I'm not going to socialize cause people don't care ima d I feel worse
  7. @maryannbaretta1989: I have no connection no family and no friends even in church I'm not married single so I feel all alone and I'm so tired😢
  8. @sunnycoco7424: I'm not sure why but I was always an outcast. People always thought I was weird and didn't really want to hangout with me ever since as long as I can remember. I think even kindergarten. I don't think I'm weird. I feel very normal. I try to read up on how to be good friends and stuffs like that. But no matter  what I do I keep falling back to being abandoned. I will try to be friendly and outgoing but as soon as my mood starts depleting , people will leave me. I don't get it. It's been like this since I was a kid and I'm working now. The pain feels unbearable. Some days I can't get out of bed. I don't think I can keep pouring from an empty cup
  9. @candyluck9333: I have no friends anymore. My problem was that I gave too much and then after therapy I realised my friendships weren't balanced and reciprocal and that's why I was feeling drained most of the time after being around them. Once I pulled back, I don't hear from anyone. So that's been interesting 🤔
  10. @lancerogan9930: Chills bro. Chills. Thank you for this
  11. @Catrina-l3y: You can live in a house with them and they ignore you. They just say there busy.
  12. @NoahsEnabletravel: I feel this
  13. @shadabonea: Blessings for the video guv’nr, I feel your story & want you to know I like what I see of you, very impressed you are helping us with this vid, coz you just have reaffirmed some warmth in myself 😊🥰 Very blessed to have my family 💜🖤🧡 Not sure what my life will look like when the far day comes they are no longer here (my brother & one sister will be there I know, maybe the other sis will come around to feeling closer to me (I’m thinkin about trying a new approach to offer closeness, even if I feel I’m wasting my effort honestly) due to younger ages than me, so at least I can keep up with them… my sister will be super interesting if she remains with her partner, I’ll get to see their family life, heck maybe kids YAAAAY). 
I’ve effected my own loneliness in some ways, having mental health & addiction over the years, though the addiction is now Recovery which makes me proud… my last long term friend has stopped actively engaging with me due to him seeing the darker aspects of my life as red flags & him seemingly not feeling I’m worth investing time in (God, that sounds so self pitying every time I acknowledge it, but I miss our discussions, though he’s not blocked me on Facebook or anything, just won’t respond to me). 
Anyhoo to any readers, I appreciate the time you’ve taken to read this small snapshot of me, just needed in my heart to have this visible, to reaffirm I’m alive & that I’m worth something more than gloom (it really isn’t all gloom, I’ve been complimented on what I do have & told people would love to have the potential & connections with family I do, so I’m not spitting on gratitude, I like me… just get sad & reflective a lot, having a bit of a long episode of that heading up for 35 soon, reviewing my future endeavours etc) Love to all, even if we might disagree in ways 💜✌️🖤🤘🧡
  14. @JuanGarcia-vr7xe: I’m 27 and have ruined all my friendships and almost lost my family due to my actions and struggles with addiction 😢but this video helped me so thank you 🙏
  15. @christianadkins1006: The  best part is there all very clear about not calling me and asking me for help because they clearly know what my answer will be and they also know exactly why because I was very clear about why don't help anyone anymore so every time  they really need help there very clear about who the asshole really is and sure as hell wasn't me and I know it really bothers them it was ment too your wrong about thinking about yourself who else will if you don't nobody i know this from much experience I just wish I didn't wast so much time on other people doing shit for them thinking they would  be there for me when I needed them the fact is all people are self centered Aholes that use anyone they can and have know intentions of returning favors if im helping your paying me and im not cheap if there's nothing in it for me right then and there find some other sucker to help you lol see i laugh and im happy most of the time stop bullshiting people know one needs friends
  16. @christianadkins1006: That's the whole problem is have always been there for everyone that has ever  needed my help but when I  need help know one is there for me ever and im sick of it to the point that I automatically say know to anyone that ask me for my help anymore and I feel much better I would rather not wast my time helping anyone and focus on myself and what I need to accomplish people are self centered Aholes and just use anyone they can and don't feel like they should help anyone know matter how many times your there for them so I think what your Saying is wrong think about only yourself and what you need to accomplish and you will much more successful and have more and you won't  be upset about know one helping you because you
Didn't waste your time on the the fact is your  not going to change anyone that uses people your just going to wast your time and piss yourself off since I stop helping people i have been much more successful  and happy and the people that used me i don't even bother with anymore and the funny part is there really bummed out because im never there to help them anymore and they know exactly why im not its true you don't know what your had until its gone.lol good riddance
  17. @jakuhajek8610: Why isn't someone doing something about this? We are able to send people into space and yet we are unable to solve this phenomenon of loneliness down here.
  18. @tiataro8700: I think what people don’t talk about with loneliness is how confusing it can be.

I’ve had people tell me I’m safe to be around, easy to talk to, someone they gravitate toward… and yet I still find myself alone sometimes.

It’s not that I can’t connect. It’s that a lot of connections feel conditional or surface-level, and I don’t really fit into that. I don’t want friendships that only exist when it’s convenient or when everything looks good from the outside.

So you end up in this strange in-between space where you know you’re capable of deep connection, you feel things deeply, you show up for people… but you haven’t quite found the people who meet you there consistently.

And that can feel like something is wrong with you, even when it’s not.

Maybe some of us aren’t “alone” because we’re unlikable.

Maybe we’re just still looking for something real.
  19. @WyWy-Wy: I did everythig you said but i still dont have any freinds
  20. @TinaJensen-i1v: CONTINUATION....4. Accept your mirror image exactly as it is, VERY VERY IMPORTANT, don’t ever try to please yourself in the mirror with that phony smile or wannabe-look, better to look like Frankenstein but a Frankenstein with a worthy self-attitude, learn to look in the mirror and being just RELAXED and DISTANT, it can seem very awkward at first but it is the key to feeling relaxed ALSO OUTSIDE your home among people, instead of feeling hypervigilant or "pleasing". As you gradually learn to relax completely, REAL feelings can take over your face after some time. And other people clearly see the difference between some phony smile and real HAPPYNESS.  So many people sadly walk around with a tense face trying to be en garde or catching up with some model career, although it stiffens their ability to EVEN FEEL real things, let alone show their feelings to others.  5. try to identify positive feelings deep inside you that seems AUTHENTIC to you, here you must think with your stomach only, not the common sense, i e something you really like to do, someone you REALLY like (or love or that turns you on), situations or places that feel comfortable or soothing, eg being in nature et c. Try to steer in this direction – it’s pointless to try to explore where you feel nothing.   6. Shut of the fucking internet and social media shit. Zuckerberg ain’t your friend. There is absolutely no way – NO WAY! - you will improve your life being a pathetic instragram-zoombie. Realize that: The goal is not to get friends, the goal is not to become this or that, BUT the goal is to feel authentic and good with yourself. Friends are not the ultimate goal unless they are fully compatible with YOU being friend with yourself and feeling authentic. They are not the main goal, which is instead to feel whole and happy with YOURSELF. And that actually also maximizes your chances meeting others. We are not talking posing or pretending happyness or selfreliance here, we are talking harmony in the soul. ”Fake it til you make it” is the wrong way! Always!  Yes, the world is in many ways superficial and unfair, but the less you yourself focus on this, the less it matters TO YOU. What you think you see in the beautiful and successful people is actually not their skin care, but a false belief on your behalf that they stand for the freedom from Instagram, the right to have a relaxed non-pleasing face, the authenticity of being themselves. Et cetera. Many times they don’t. And on your part, this is learned helplessness. I gay guy I know once told me he had been so in love with a very handsome young straight guy. This guys face seemed mesmerizing to him, like the highest form of beauty. Only later did he realize that what this handsome guy REALLY seemed to symbolize was a very relaxed face and a very relaxed personality. Maybe he was self-reliant and safe and just expressed a very relaxed face. My gay friend on the other hand always had strived to be good enough, happy enough, fun enough et cetera. He had forgotten to reach out for himself. He was a slave and now he loved his master. He kind of lost it all somewhere. So being relaxed was the real beauty cue in this straight guy’s face.  So forget idealizing beauty and social media-fuckups. It’s ok to think someone is beautiful – don’t deny that feeling – but strive for your own goals. All these things you can achieve also without an obejctively "beautiful face" or "hypersexy body", and actually maybe even to a larger degree than them. Never forget: THERE IS NO QUICK FIX, IT'S LIKE JUMPING FROM STONE TO STONE WITHOUT SEEING THE WHOLE PATH AT ONE SINGLE TIME. And also realize: THE SOLUTION OR HAPPY ENDING OF YOUR LIFE MIGHT BE SOMETHING DIFFERENT THAN WHAT YOU IMAGINE FROM THE PREVIOUS MISERABLE POINT OF VIEW. And some warning: Be careful with psychologists and psychiatrists, okey there are surely some really skilled therapists out there who have both a big insight into life and the human condition, aswell as a sincere will to listen and help. On the other hand, there are douzens (!!) of therapists that more or less wanna push you into a theoretical framework or model where you simply don't fit in. A model that might be false or simplified. It might be some superficial therapy model or in worst case a try to envite you into the psychologists own self-deceptive imagination. You might in worst case scenario meet with a kind of religious dogmatic that strangely enough knows everything about you even without listening and in whose world everything is just relative and average. That is not help but abuse. That is not therapy but gaslighting. Other therapists again, althoough harmless, never really help in making progress, you just sit there every monday and express the same sad thoughts over and over again, and the therapist becomes kind of a prostitute, a surrogate friend that might make you feel heard and less sad for an hour every second week, but they are of course not your real friend and just cost you a lot of money. Instead, save your money and go to the library. Borrow the world litterature, the nobel prize laureates, like Albert Camus, J P Sartre, Hemingway, Doris Lessing et cetera. And you will find a new friends in their voices. There is a good reason these people won the Nobel prize in litterature. They had the courage to see the world the way it is, and to share this view in magical letters. The path toward feeling better about yourself, including opening up to the world around, goes through an unwavering belief in REALITY, and not the tv-shows, fashion magazines or Facebook, and also if it might at first seem becoming more cynical or lose your nice illusions. You go outside instead, and say hello to a squirrel! 😊

- Dealing With Loneliness | Eckhart Tolle: Kind: captions Language: en now here we have another question another person who is dissatisfied for another reason i'm on a path of awakening but my deep loneliness and loneliness at not having a life partner is an obstacle to my spiritual development i get deeply depressed though i do my best to stay present in the now instead of dwelling on my longing what advice could you offer okay well i won't say internet dating [Laughter] there's a part in every person the form you the the form identity of who you are and the level of form it tends either towards the male or the female it might not necessarily be the physical the physical male may tend more to the other so it doesn't necessarily depend on your the physical form but you tend to be pretend either to towards the male or the female and therefore you're not complete because you're only one half on the level of form which is the physical form or that just underneath that the psychological or emotional and so there is a natural longing for the other polarity or completeness in a human being and you can feel that as a sex is only part of that but it goes beyond sexual longing it's there's more to it than that there's also an emotional longing for the other and you can so they come they go together and there's a place that pull that you can feel as on the level of and when that is not satisfied then that can lead to unhappiness particularly if you have not transcended at all your identification with form if you are still totally totally identified with you as this physical form and psychological form the transcendent dimension has not come into your life at all then you would become very dissatisfied and depending also to some extent what culture you live in there are traditional cultures still on our planet where it's almost where they you have to find a partner and if you're not everybody would look down on you as being a total and miserable failure in in some traditional cultures if you if you're not married at a certain by a certain age or you cannot give birth to children people look down on you and despise you and uh you're miserable for the rest of your life you have not fulfilled your form identity and and so and also in some traditional cultures the the sense of self is very strongly bound up with whether you're a man or a woman so more so than in the west it still persists to some extent in the west but much less so than in some traditional cultures where if you're a man in certain cultures you are this becomes percent of who you feel you are your self-identity is the male you are the male and you look at every woman as a as um that's the female you can't relate to a human to a woman as a human being you are the male and she is a female in chief of course not your equal and the woman is totally identified with being the female form and behaves according to that kind of collective conditioning so depending on where it is i won't act it out but here in the west it's a little easier to step out of those collective expectations it is more acceptable in the west to say my choice is not to get married and you can even say my choice is not to have children and people say so there's a bit more freedom there and yet the longing for the other on the farm level is still there emotional sexual the essence is to be able to transcend who you are on the level of whether or not you find a partner that meets that longing or whether you go from one partner to another and another or you find one life partner with whom you are for the rest of your life that is secondary really because even if you have a partner if you have not gone deeper and and encounter the transcendent dimension to who you are beyond the form identity of you as the male or the or whatever the nationality or the particular status in society whatever makes up your form identity in addition to gender if you haven't gone beyond that then even the relationships yes you might have found your partner but you won't be satisfied in the relationship with in the absence of the transcendent dimension the spiritual dimension you may come to some kind of compromise and living together somehow managing to stay together but it you'll be actually you have a longing to get out so the people who are who are outside the relationships have a longing to get in on marriage and those who are in have a longing to get out so the young the young the young girl or man late teens early 20s they want to get into the cage and those who are in the cage want to get out of the cage it is quite possible to to notice the sense of if in the absence of a partner it is quite possible to notice a certain sense of lack on the level of form and yet have a lot of spaciousness around that sense of lack yes i can feel that there's a longing but the longing does not consume you the longing has not taken possession of you and making you into an unhappy person a totally unfulfilled and bitter person perhaps no the longing is there but the longing that arises from your particular form of you exists within a spaciousness because that is the transcendent dimension and who you are is not the unfulfilled longing who you are is the presence or the stillness around it that is the shift so the longing may persist but you can live with it however if you are no longer trapped in the longing it's also quite possible that a change will come into your life particularly if the intense neediness goes i need somebody and then everybody you everybody you meet can feel the the neediness you are when you when you've given somebody your phone number you've just met and then you're waiting for them to call and they they're less likely to call when the neediness is there they're more likely to call when the certain spaciousness is there i'd like i'd love you to call i'd love this person to call me but he may or she may or may not and there's again a spaciousness around it so you of course you can take action towards meeting somebody i don't know the questions the whether the questioner has taken any action and actually gone to places perhaps where one meets people are not necessarily nightclubs we might not meet the most conscious people in bars but there are other places one can go to where you meet people and even the internet why not this is the way many people read that way but even there if you haven't gone beyond the the absolute neediness of needing somebody then it's less likely to work out for you but if you have that sense of inner some inner spaciousness around the then now the way in which you approach others changes without that absolute that pull so that's my suggestion then is see if you can on the outer level see how and where you could meet people and explore perhaps you will find somebody here that why to realize that the transcendence is the most vital thing does not exclude the possibility of taking action on an outer level of course that is always secondary but why not and maybe you find a good website where you meet conscious is there such a thing conscious dating if there isn't maybe it's a business idea conscious dating of course the the difficulty is a person who thinks of themselves as conscious may be deluded so find that place where the polarities actually don't are not there anymore in the being the i am-ness that's deeper than the form and go there as much as you can it may not totally free of the longing but that's okay the longing will just become a thing that's no longer overwhelming and then if take action and see what happens this mind-made sense of self is also much more focused on the negative than the positive to be free you awaken to who you are beyond your history and your life [Music] situation

  Top Comments:
  1. @IreneKodak [4 likes]: Loneliness is all in your head.  Some people like being alone because they are their own best friend and know themselves.  
Those that don't know who and what they are - need others for a mirror, or validation.  Most creative people don't need others to fill a void. They are too busy doing their thing - expressing who and what they are.
  2. @gracesanity6314 [1 likes]: When l was out in Australia. Couples every where and l felt sad. Went into a tarot reader on the beach..and l told her how l felt. She told me " Every couple that came into her separately were asking about some one else. And they were always fighting."  She said its all show.😮
  3. @marciaherstein7462 [1 likes]: HAHAHAHA  You are awesome!!!  Love it!
  4. @fubao99975 [1 likes]: ❤ Surround a spaciousness around the longing for relationship
  5. @patribelgis: For some reason, I am active and sociable, but I am confronted to extreme loneliness. Go figure.
  6. @Yikkoofficial: The comment section just made me more paranoid. 50-70 year olds still lonely. Oh lord, please don’t let that be me. Pleaseeee.
  7. @lovegoddesssssss: If anyone’s up to connect, I’d love to make new genuine friends online ❤
  8. @serendipidus8482: Best way to deal with loneliness is go find some people and try to connect with them. No point sitting on your own trying not to feel lonely. Any more than you should overcome feeling hungry. Go eat.
  9. @gracesanity6314: For me it's about balance. I don't need a partner but l do miss having a tribe. I would enjoy that. Quit and balance.
  10. @meganbaute4254: I don’t think it has anything to do with gender. I crave anyone male or female and I feel satisfied when I’m emotionally and physically close with someone no matter what gender they are
  11. @powerwalkwithmybaby: What about being lonely because you just lost your husband of 30 years,, suddenly..??
  12. @MarthaFonder: Love is something I'm not allowed to indulge in.  Just kidding I'm just alone.
  13. @jessicanilsson5941: I feel lonliness inside
  14. @amin_abdollahi_369: Thank u💚✨
  15. @zazenmed: 💜♪♫*¨*•.¸¸ ॐ
  16. @liambeatz3158: This was really good, thank you Eckhart. Spaciousness, presence is primary, all else is secondary.
  17. @rosemaryheath7253: Eckart's guidance about dealing with loneliness was fantastic. Wise, true and extremely helpful! I am always comforted by remembering that i am not alone in any challenge i am dealing with. Many other intelligent, kind people are dealing with the same issues. Bi blessings to everyone❤ and a big thankyou to Echart and your team❤❤
  18. @johnstatsura1421: I agree
  19. @LouisRUFFIN-gm1nk: And then I will laugh
  20. @LouisRUFFIN-gm1nk: I KNOW THAT YOU ARE INTENSELY ENJOYING MY PAIN AREN'T YOU LITTLE MAN

- Loneliness and Isolation: The Terrible Wound of Childhood PTSD: Kind: captions Language: en childhood trauma carries with it a curse and the curse is loneliness the abuse and neglect you suffered as a kid didn't just affect you emotionally abuse and neglect caused an injury to your ability to connect with other people and if this happened to you you were robbed of what every person rightfully deserves to be treasured and to be lovingly guided into the realm of human connection that's all around you and on which the richness of your life and even your survival sometimes depend now all through your life the people who become your friends and co-workers and loved ones and your ability to connect with them will likely be the single biggest factor in how your life turns out and thankfully no matter where you begin or how old you are right now you are capable of increasing your capacity to love and connect with other people now you might say oh it's too hard and yes it's hard but healing is possible remember there is nothing wrong with you you have a common side effect of growing up with trauma and it's not your fault we now know that abuse and neglect early in life can literally change your brain and it can restrict the normal cognitive processes that enable you to seek out and connect with good appropriate people to bring into your life to know instinctively how to interact with people and to detect red flags so that you can avoid people who should not be led into your life now as i say this i know a lot of you are going to be welling up with emotion this loss of the ability to feel like you're part of everything that you're a full-fledged member of the human race losing that is a tragic part of childhood ptsd to be capable of love but not to be able to sustain a normal loving relationship is a devastating price to pay for what happened but you can absolutely make progress in this area if you are intentional about it if you just kind of leave it to chance and hope you'll figure out how to love people later in your life when you have more time or maybe when the right person comes along i'll be honest with you it's not very likely to get better now it turns out that having and growing our connections with other people is one of the most powerful ways that you can heal your trauma there's a large body of research emerging that shows that loving relationships actually help us heal not just our bodies and not just our emotions but even our telomeres and those are these little caps on strands of dna and all your cells and they protect you from disease and they slow down aging so connection is actually quite vital to life and yes some feelings of loneliness and disconnection are universal experiences for everyone at least a little bit but with cptsd it can kind of take over your life and it can drain you of anything good and this has everything to do with brain and emotional dysregulation something that's very common for people who grew up with trauma that can make connection really difficult but connection is related to re-regulation which makes change in this part of ourselves important and possible so i have a whole playlist about dysregulation if you want to learn more about that learning to recognize it and how to get re-regulated that's the foundation of everything i teach and of course there is my dysregulation boot camp if you want to you know take a deep dive into that there's a link to that with the other courses in the in the description section of this video and all my videos in fact but for now put really simply dysregulation is a tendency that's common and traumatized people and in everyone to some degree to experience nervous system bumpiness when they're under stress you might feel panicked or overreactive or discombobulated or numb being prone to slipping into a dysregulated state you know it can seriously challenge your ability to connect it's very common for people with childhood trauma it's hard to read non-verbal cues for example it's hard to express emotions in a way that doesn't push people away and it's hard to handle hurts when your brain and your emotions aren't quite aligned with what's happening right in front of you so dysregulation prevents connections it puts pressure on connections and it breaks connections re-regulation puts you in a place where you can learn to grow and maintain and repair connections if you've never learned to intentionally get re-regulated then getting the skills to do it it's going to be life-changing i also have a free course where you can get started on that too it's called the daily practice it's really easy it's short and that's always linked under my videos on the free tools page there for me it's been a long process i was born to parents who loved me but whose alcoholism and addiction set the stage for abuse and neglect for my siblings and for me starting when we were really small and the violence in our house eventually stopped and there were definitely good things about my family but the neglect never ended and i grew up feeling a grinding sense of loneliness and shame and isolation and i used to think it was just me and maybe because we were poor maybe because our house was so messy or maybe i used to think i was some kind of unlikable person and i mean trauma can make kids kind of edgy but i think i was a pretty okay kid i was really stressed all the time about all the arguing and tension in the house and by middle school i had to fend for myself to scrounge up lunch or clothes or money for the laundromat i spend a lot of energy hiding our home situation from other people and hiding all the creepy encounters with potential abusers outside the family the kind of person that tends to you know shadow kids who aren't very supervised who don't have clear boundaries but despite all this i did okay in my young adulthood i was a good student i was creative i was responsible i made friends with interesting and exciting and i had my first long-term relationship but i could not sustain the good things in my life and by the time i was 30 i had quit the job i left the boyfriend and not because i was moving forward but because i was falling apart that core loneliness was getting louder and louder and it made me selfish and it made me mean because i honestly thought the emptiness inside was caused by some failing in the people around me so of course people didn't want to deal with my anger and unreasonableness and blame and they left and i tried to change i was in therapy for years and eventually i was going multiple times every week but the more i talked about it the worse i got and the worse i got the more scared and desperate i became and i thought i was the only person in the world who struggled like that even in therapy now there was no name back then for what was going on but there is now it's complex ptsd from childhood trauma and this is the kind of post-traumatic stress that comes from chronic ongoing stress and this can happen at any age of life but cptsd develops most commonly in kids who are abused and neglected so you'll hear me say childhood ptsd and complex ptsd almost like they mean the same thing but they don't quite i always have to apologize it drives some people crazy and they're like anna c is for complex not childhood and i actually i do know that while complex ptsd is the technical term childhood ptsd is the one that makes instinctive sense to the most people so when i say childhood ptsd i can just trust you do know what i'm talking about even if you didn't have it you know that childhood ptsd even exists that was an aha moment for me it was like that it's even a thing it has a name it's not just me and the second crucial turning point for me was when i learned to heal the number one symptom caused by that and it's another thing there was no word for back then and it's dysregulation and i'm talking neurological dysregulation not just emotional but the whole body now if you've taken any of my other courses you've probably heard the story of how i learned the writing and meditation techniques that were shown to me that was like 1994 and to my surprise calmed my stressed and hurting mind like way way down i started to feel good in fact and it brought my thoughts and emotions into order and what a game changer i mean i was a mess before that it was getting worse so those are some of the things you can find in those links i'm sorry i keep referring to them i'm not trying to be hard sell i just want to make sure that you know that this state of healing i'm talking about i am telling you how to get there you know don't you don't have to walk away going ah you're describing me people say this all the time you're talking about me but you don't tell me what to do it's like i do tell you what to do it's down in the links i have all these courses the main one is free and if you take that one you get invited to group calls with me we do q a we use the techniques together it's a pretty cool community and you are invited and all you have to do is take the course and i'm always doing this huh pointing down that's what it is the description section it's where all the writing is below the video you have to click more or read more or something to get the whole thing to open up so i learned these techniques and very quickly i became calm and clear i wasn't expecting that i just wanted to feel like i could handle the night you know and all of a sudden my life just started coming into like technicolor and finally i could see what was going wrong with my life also what was really good about me underneath all the guilt and self-attack i used to direct it myself back then so maybe you feel anxious around people maybe past hurts have made it hard to trust maybe the shame and invalidation you're carrying from your childhood makes it impossible to just be yourself with other people and you're in fear all the time that you'll say the wrong thing or that you you know that other people don't like you or that you don't belong and you think everyone else belongs but just not me i used to think that i totally know the feeling i spent so much time in my life feeling that way exactly just drowning in fear on fire with resentment talking about it trying to get other people to understand and like feel connected with them i wanted them to know how wronged i was how terrible were the things that happened to me how unjustly excluded and overlooked i had been and all these things were true and it felt like talking about it should deliver some kind of healing breakthrough that somehow people would care but that just it wasn't how it was worked it was true but talking about it and trying to get people to care about me it just wasn't a path out of that feeling there had to be another way it felt like there wasn't one we all have to talk about painful things sometimes but as you've probably found like i did it doesn't automatically heal that sense of disconnection of not being cared for that i've learned involves building something you might call connection muscles emotionally mentally neurologically and rather than trying to run away from people or change them or hate them or cling to them for dear life i learned to shift my focus onto noticing and calming my triggers and that's a lot of what i teach in the videos you're watching right now in the programs i offer if you don't get triggered all the other things that you do when you're triggered well now it becomes a choice you used to not have a choice you just got triggered into this like bad behavior now you get a pause and you go oh i'm triggered okay hold on let me do this differently this will change everything you'll be able to gracefully handle some of life's tricky people situations stuff most of us didn't learn from our parents right when you had to blunder along all that time with a combination of faking it and fighting people and running away from them you don't have to do that you can learn to stay kind when you feel like lashing out you can care for yourself when you feel threatened or abandoned you can deal with conflicts with the courage and dignity that were drained out of you by the trauma in the first place it's amazing how life opens up when you can be at ease with yourself and confident that whatever happens you will know how to deal with it you don't have to be all better before you start working on connecting you need connection to get better right now where you are even if that's at the very beginning of your recovery from early trauma you need it it's sad to say because all the other work that you're going to do to heal your brain healing learning your triggers how they cut you off from people none of that can be done in isolation and i'm laughing because i used to hope that it could be i just thought i'll get myself all fixed then i'll come out and meet people but it doesn't work like that you were born to be connected cptsd can block you from finding any connection and it can block you from experiencing the connections that are right in front of you but you can heal your healing gets a huge boost when you're making happy progress in your ability to connect with other people and whether it's with a spouse or your children or your friends your family or just strangers who you you know meet at the grocery store you can learn this in small brave steps it's not always easy but as you take little steps forward it starts to feel good the change begins when you believe you can do it you can you can heal you can change your life you can change [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @soniafaye777 [498 likes]: The Daily Practice changed my mind- literally. It cleared a “path in my brain” for me to be calm in the moments that make me dysregulated.

Thank you Anna, for the language you’ve taught me- I know you didn’t invent it, but you introduced me to the word for it: now when I get triggered, I can care for myself. LIFE HAS OPENED UP!
My healing got that Huge Boost.
YOU CAN CHANGE!!!
❤️❤️❤️
  2. @MsRetardedXO [2 likes]: People don’t want me. They already have their people. I’m never chosen 💔
  3. @trish87563 [1 likes]: But how do you have and grow connections with other people when other people aren't connecting with you? I volunteer, I'm in a doctoral program, I have a job, I go to meetups and classes and what not, but people don't seem to be looking for new connections. I keep trying to foster them, like inviting colleagues out for coffee or trying to have meaningful conversation, but then it just never goes anywhere because others either have the connections they want already or they don't have the time and interest to invest in building new friendships. What's a 45-year-old, intelligent, active, happy as can be given the circumstances, funny, inquisitive, interesting, engaging single supposed to do to get connection? I'm a therapist myself, for Pete's sake, so I know how to build connection. I love myself, and I know I'm quite loveable, but the fact is, I'm not really loved, and that's been devastating.
  4. @MrsDetroit622 [1 likes]: This is so hard to watch. I'm reading all the comments and I'm finding a mirror and exact ways to describe the anguish I feel. I can't stop crying. Life feels to heavy. I don't know how I have done it this long.
  5. @usware5240 [1 likes]: I appreciate your work and your message. I never found a way to overcome and connect with people. Even though I care about others and would easily put them before myself I never connected and made friends like I see people around me doing. I realize now that that will never happen for me. Life can be unfair.
  6. @ga8625: I have CPTSD. I've been in therapy for years. Ive healed and grown, but still have so far to go. I'm in my 60's. I've never been in a committed relationship. I dont trust, I seem unable to make connections. I'm estranged from my brothers. I feel alone in the world. Always have.
  7. @LeJulesHi: Thank you for this.  I'm about to turn 40 and no one cares.  Not that that surprises me at this point.  But it's just so hard to keep going when I feel like this is all there will be.  Thank you thank you thank you.  💝
  8. @thatdoodeast: 100% spot on. I hate how I get blamed for everything too, if I speak out about it everyone makes fun of me or hates me for my childhood.
  9. @aloner245: This is true in my life. I feel lonely in crowds
  10. @hitthestreetsphoto1253: It’s a haunting existence and coming to realize that nothing will ever change, you just succumb to your reality.
  11. @OnlyNowIKnow_74: I only have my dog. Once she's gone, I'm also done because I know it's impossible to get out of this situation without a person you can count on or money to attend help programs. I have neither. I've been trying and now the keep trying hurts me more than doing nothing, because all those methods although great, request someone in your life or money.
  12. @mwolfe2459: From 5th to 8th grade I had a best friend. Patty and I did everything together - even dress, people thought we were twins. Out of the blue in the middle of summer as we anticipated HS, she announced she never liked me - just hoping to get my older brothers attention and never spoke to me again.  I got abuse from all angles - now, it's too late.
  13. @diannanagelvoortsaltz469: Ah I’m too old .
  14. @JoanCornico-w2l: Growing up, my mother prohibited me to go out & play. Whenever i smile or laugh, she also stopped me bc of my bad teeth as if its my fault. When in fact they didn't take care of my dental health.
Now i realized i feel insecure because of my family treatment to me. Its sad
  15. @Cantfindme3: Why on earth would I continue trying to connect with people when it has repeatedly led to failure. Any kind of help I have ever tried to get for 29 years. Family, friends, counselors, case managers, doctors, psychiatrists, online support groups, CODA. I did it all. Things got worse for me and nothing helped. You need money to get away and they’ve systematically fucked me in ways I can no longer describe.
  16. @RosaP-z9n: I was the youngest of 7 . When I was 7years old my mom left my father and all of us for some guy. This affected my dad and I the most.  My dad was always at work and when he use to come home from work he use to drink til he passed out and then get up on point at 6:00am in the morning to go back to work and did this daily. All my siblings were much older than me. Basicly I was left to fend for myself .I failed 1st, 2,nd , 3rd , 4th grade . I was absent most of the time . I was struggling in classes. I hated parent conferences because I knew nobody was going to show up. Kids in my neiborhood use to tease me when I was walking by asking " where's your mom " I'd stay quiet . When my dad was at work my brothers use to take me to the  ocean and drag and force me  onto the big waves and hold me in there til I was almost chocking . I still remember the ugly feeling of the water going thru my nose . My dad passed away when I was 20 years old. I miss him so much. My dad was broken hearted , he kept a roof over our heads, he was very  humble, and a hard working man . I'm 45 now and i keep having flashbacks of my childhood traumas and have severe depression, anxiety, and anti-social .
  17. @alvahollandaemmen9858: dream on:  a lot af wounds wil never heal;      who takes a disabled person ?     woman ask how much you urn;  how big is your car;  how much saving  do you  have;  if you will rock them in their criddle...   real woman don't exist no more; they aare managers,  not woman
  18. @AnthonyLindsay-c4m: I am done with women and people, I can't take it anymore 😩, I am finished!!! I now live in a tent ⛺🎪 and ride a bike 🚲 in the woods away from everybody including women!!! Don't talk to me, call me , no sugar daddy, no dating with dates sneaking out the back door of the restaurant because I am 🥱 boring!!!😂😂😂😂😂
  19. @brosifstalin415: Man... Christmas always hits me hard... ill never have anyone and im terrified.
  20. @Darkgreen_soul: I got skipped from 1st to 3rd grade in 2003. I was 6 years old. My mom lost the custody battle so I was raised by my grandparents on my father side. He approved me getting skipped from 1st to 3rd grade. I spent my entire grade school experience younger than everyone in class by 1-2 years. By the time I graduated the 8th grade at 11 years old. No one registered me for high school. Had to GRADUATE the 8th grade twice. My entire grade school experience was a waste of time. I do not like people at all. I ended up graduating college into the 2020 pandemic. March 2020 as a result of them never registering me for high school.

- AUSTRALIA'S MOST REMOTE AREAS: Bush Pilots in the Outback: Kind: captions Language: en Australia, the driest continent on Earth. The interior of the country is marked by deserts. The outback is where 22-year-old pilot Hannah Jane Cash lives and works. I always wanted to be a pilot or a firefighter. And being from a country town, I looked at different options once I finished my license. And uh yeah, I found William Creek in the middle of nowhere, population of two in the summer. Thought, "Oh, beauty. Let's give it a [Music] try. William Creek is the outback's smallest settlement. Founded in 1859, the legendary Gun Railway Line ran through the village. Today, William Creek is a stopover for tourists, taking sightseeing flights from here to the attractions of the outback. Hannah's workday starts early. She readies the plane for takeoff. Today, tourists from New Zealand want Hannah to show them Lake Air. The round trip takes about an hour by light aircraft. The bush pilot has to fly 50 km through the desert to get to Australia's largest lake. The Australian outback is vast. Endless expanses consisting largely of step and desert. A rather hostile environment. Every day the outback's something different depending on the winds or the weather conditions. Really exciting to see people's faces and reactions when they come and come up with you and yeah. Really see that there is nothing. There's no city in sight. There's no houses in sight. There's Yeah. Nothing. [Applause] Lake Air is pretty special. That's probably the most uh popular flight we do out here. I've probably been over the lake a good few hundred times. Um and each time it's Yeah. beautiful. The edge of the lake here um this dark material that you can see on the ground, this is actually a rusted iron. It's actually believed to be similar, if not the same material that's found on other parts of the moon. None of this salt is mined. And that's mainly because in 2012, Lake Air was given back to its traditional owners, the local Arabana people. And that's why it's been renamed Catty Thunder Lake Air. My favorite part of the lake as well would have to be when that water starts to dry up and you get the shallow layer of water with the wind making patterns with the whites and the browns and it's just stunning. Yeah, there's there's no words to describe it. The huge lake only fills up every few years and typically resembles a desert as the water gradually evaporates during the long dry seasons. Back to William Creek. For outback tourists, scenic flights are among the highlights of the trip. A scenic flight over Lake here because I mean it it's absolutely massive. Um and it's a real feature, standout feature in the middle of Australia. It's just huge and it's so good to see it with some water in it. We've seen a lot of salt lakes in Western Australia particularly. Um so to see one with some water in it was good. Yeah. Um flight was great. really enjoyed it and uh yeah, Hannah's a great pilot. There's not a lot going on in William Creek. There's a hotel, a camping site, and the only petrol station within 100 miles. Outback tourists prepare for ongoing journeys, or visit the pub, which is where Hannah and her boyfriend Tyler are hanging out today. Many people have left their mark here. The pub even features old-timers from the days when the first settlers and migrant workers were laying train tracks. Hannah and Tyler are two of the 17 people who live and work in William Creek during the tourist season. They've been a couple for 5 years. Hannah, a bit of a family friend, I guess. She was a waitress at my uncle's restaurant. So yeah, brought me coffee a couple times and then yeah, we went out from there. Pretty easy going and sporty. Loves going to the footy, all that sort of stuff, which I love doing. Love fishing and whatnot. So probably the more outdoorsy aspect of it. Two years ago, we came out here together, not meaning to. We just both coincidentally got the same job and uh we started our season here last year. It is different to work with your partner, especially in the outback. There's uh it's pretty full on. There's no break from each other. There you go. That's how it's done. So, our days are pretty busy. Uh we get up usually about 5 5:30. We start work out at the apron and uh we don't finish work till usually 6:30, 7:00 at night. So, it's big days. Uh but that's keeps it interesting. I mean, your room's a little room. You've got your bed. You've got a bathroom. It's all you need because you don't spend any time in your room. Hannah and Tyler often fly together to the attractions of the outback. Today they're off to the Painted Hills. Welcome to the Painted Hills. For conservation reasons, the fragile rock formations are out of bounds. It's only possible to view the spectacular sites from the air, which is why many tourists book a flight to explore this remote area. The fainted hills are really special um as they simply are in the middle of the desert. It's all this gibber country around it and then all of a sudden these beautiful orange, red, yellow hills come about. I always explain it to people. If I ever went to Mars, that is what I'd imagine um it to be like. Walking on it, there's no sign of life. There's a couple of trees, but mainly just rocks of all just different colors. Um, yellows, oranges, browns, purples, blacks, and uh, yeah, it's so vast. There's there's no life at all out there. So guys, just up here, you can see um, all the circular rocks all around your feet here. The geological origin of these stones has only started to be investigated. See the little lizard. See him? He's so tiny. Yeah. I guess the geologists that have come out here um sort of about a year ago now the first people to ever do studies in this area and they found a lot of unique things out here that were sort of pretty quirky that they haven't actually found anywhere else in the Araga Sea through Australia before. So it's a pretty awesome unique area that we get to sort of explore that's very untouched. The work day is over for Trevor Wright's team in William Creek. He's been offering charter flights in the outback for 20 years. Most of his pilots are still very young. We employ people with u a variety of backgrounds. For someone to come out here and you experience the outback, it really makes them grow up in a hurry. Everyone has to do everything themselves. Cleaning up after the late shift is part of Hannah's daily routine. In summer, I was swallowing six flowers a day at least. Good protein. It is tough. You're in the middle of nowhere. You've got no shops. You've got no food supplies. You've got you've got nothing. You rely on a truck that comes every couple of weeks and uh you can't stay somewhere this remote just for flying. But uh if you have a good crew here like we do, uh everybody gets along, everybody's got each other's back and uh we go have a few beers at the end of the day and uh all just chat and it's really a family environment. Liam's got a job. I did hear that. Yeah. Oh, we got today out of the way. Okay. Yeah, no problem. I think everyone probably did about seven hours flying today. Oh my god. 6 7. Yeah. The next morning at 5:30, Tyler gets the plane ready. Today, he's not flying tourists, but will search for cattle. In the outback, Tyler is both bush pilot and cockpit cowboy. Just out to the eastern side of the station, sort of out that area. Hopefully find a few cows. Out with Matt Williams. He tells everyone he's the uh the manager of the world's largest cattle station. Thinks he's pretty important. So, should be good fun. Matt Williams owns 12,000 cattle. Uh this morning, we'll probably only get a couple hundred, I reckon. uh maybe 300. But yeah, it sort of it's we haven't got many stock in the area we're doing this morning. We're pretty lightly stocked down there, so yeah, it'll be uh should be pretty cruisy hopefully. An Creek Station is the largest cattle farm in the world. The Williams family owns about 24,000 km of land, which is about the size of Israel. On the ground, Matt Williams' team sets off in the truck. In the enormous outback, it takes a plane to quickly locate the livestock. The cattle are constantly on the move since there's little food for them on the barren land. The search flights are perilous. Since Tyler has to fly extremely low, he has a special license to do so. Matt gives instructions to his team when he spots cattle. Yeah. When they pick that car up, make sure they jump off Tom's bike and top me's bike up with fuel and we'll get one of his one of them to come out here and one of them come up to the north west there. Yeah. Roger. Instead of horses, they use motorbikes to drive cattle in the outback. The ringers, as cowboys are called here, set off one by one to the northwest, right desert. Their bus helps navigate them by air until they reach the herd. Another ringer rides onto the next herd. We just push them out toward straight towards the sun. Once the airplane has set the cattle in motion, ringers take over and drive the herd on by motorbike. Yep. Just get her and gently just turn her through that gate down that road and leave that gate open. Eh, the driving of cattle from above is over. Matt Williams and Tyler fly back to William Creek. In the meantime, the ringers are rounding the cattle from different directions and onto the enclosure where they'll be sorted and in the case of some of them loaded up. All the cattle are penned in. Time for a break. Sufficient water and durable provisions are essential in the Australian outback. I've grew up in a farm back home and um I've been riding I first got on a motorbike when I was 3 years old and then kind of um lost interest a little bit and then started racing about five or six years ago and I've been doing it ever since. I've done a bit of mustering in the past, but um nothing like this like nothing with aircrafts and but it's a very different um in out in the outback as well. It's very different, but I'm loving it. Meanwhile, a transporter heads out to pick up the pendin livestock. Cattleman Matt Williams takes care of this himself. I've been doing it probably for well, I've been up here for 20 years. ever since I left school and pretty well yeah longer been probably at least 15 and 16 years if I've been up spotting in the plane. We do two rounds of musing here a year. Takes between five and seven weeks to do a round just depending on the season. But with the cert is like the remoteness and that and yeah, you don't have to deal with deals a lot of the time really like you just got your core core group of guys that you're working with and that and yeah, you don't have to worry about the outside world too much. The ringers are ready to load up the animals. But first, about 300 head of cattle have to be sorted by sex, age, and health. remain in the outback until the next cattle musting. But the young bulls and some older cows have to get on to the flatback. They'll be fattened up for a few more weeks and then sold. The calves are branded before they're allowed to graze freely once again. The next morning in William Creek. Today, Hannah is flying tourists to the opal town of Kubipedi. It's about 200 km west across the outback desert. Tyler is also on his way there. The name Kuba Piti comes from the Aboriginal name Koopa Piti, meaning white man in the hole. I love flying over Kuba Piti. I always have a joke with my passengers that Koopa Piti has a rabbit problem because uh of the holes. There's holes all through the town. The caves are both opal mines and dwellings. Many of the town's inhabitants live underground as temperatures there never rise above 24°. While on the surface it can reach 50° in the summer. Hannah wants to buy an opal in the town center of Kubiti. Well, it's a pretty it's a pretty wild old town Kedi. So, it's um yeah, there's probably not everyone here in Coupe Pedi is probably truthful about what they sell. Whereas I think George is a a very reliable man in Coupe Pedy and he takes a lot of pride in his opals and what he what he does mine and finds. So he's got some pretty pretty cool stuff there. 34 of all white opals worldwide are found in the underground fishes around Kubedi where there was still an ocean 150 million years ago. George Conurus also has a license to mine. So George owns an opal store in Kumapedi. Uh Tyler was the first one to meet George. And um from there we've had family come through and yeah, always good to go in and say good day and um just put a smile on their face because again we're in the outback so the more people you can go and say hello to the better because you don't get to see people every day. So George, I had I had a teardrop one here. She wanted one. It's gone. Oh, they've got a green one. Yeah. Sold. It was like a perfect teal. England. Really? England. They bought over They bought quite a bit. They bought hundreds of opals. So, we had a lot of uh Europeans and crazy Japanese cycling from Adelaide to Darwin in the heat cuz Kipi is the only desert that's safe where you can experience that 46 47 degree. Even small opals cost several hundred. Their value is determined by their size, brilliance, color, and luminosity. That's uh uh where I am at the moment. Look at that color in there. Uh there's two types. One is a hole where you go down and you go to 70 ft or 10 m, 20 m and then you drive underneath and you create tunnels and then me I take off the top and I create a pit like this room like like a room and I shave it with another machine and then all by hand you can read the ground and you you can't like the it's a business you must not get romantic about it. This is probably the couple's last visit to Kubedi. The season is almost over and new jobs await them. A lot of my family being from outback towns have always used the Royal Flying Doctor Service and them being the only source of medical aid out in the outback. I really would love to work for them one day and give back to the communities out here. Hannah and Tyler have different plans for the future, but for now they fly back together over Kubedi and onto William Creek. That evening there is a team meeting for the final event of the season, the outback fly in. This is for you guys to think about. If there's some really ultra light recreational ones that if it is a bit of anything, we move our airplanes out so they can put them in the hanger so they don't get blown around. This year we're presenting William Creek's fifth annual Outback Flame and uh we're expecting over 70 aircraft and over 200 people. So, um that kind of publicity or um yeah, that amount of people in William Creek is just unheard of. It doesn't happen very often, but it's pretty exciting. I think they will be. Yeah, that's what we think. So, what do we got for Friday night? Friday night is an acoustic set. Um after dinner, they got some girls or something. Yeah, they've got a girl, but she's only going for an hour or so. There's a lot of work where we're going to do the catering for the meals. What happens if it's too windy? What happens if it's too hot? It's It's not only the fact that we've got a really good plan to hand us put together, but it's the contingencies of what if. Yeah. Yeah. How many times have you got? Um, couple of cars, but 65 registered, I think, now. Thanks, guys. Thanks. Yeah. The next day, everyone lends a hand. Generally speaking, the William Creek Outback Flying is kind of the last year for all the or the last weekend for all the pilots before everybody starts heading home. So, it's a pretty good event to get together, have a couple of drinks, listen to the music, and just enjoy yourselves a good goodbye. Planes arrive by the minute to celebrate the end of the season. Tyler and Hannah receive incoming guests and assign them parking spaces, helping out wherever they can. is quite a big event at the moment. We're just getting ourselves organized with the marshalling, making sure everybody's Yeah. stays out of each other's hair, there's no accidents, and uh making sure there's enough parking for 70 aircraft in William Creek as it is. Um so yeah, looking forward to it. Should be a good day. By afternoon, all the pilots have arrived and all the planes are in place. It's getting crowded in the Outback Flyin, the pub that's hosting meet. Most people that are coming uh most of them are South Australians, but this year I think we've ticked off one from every state in Australia. So most of them are just private pilots or commercial pilots coming in in either their own aircraft or an aircraft they've hired and they're just flying across Australia into William Creek. Aviation's probably a very small community in Australia. So it's good to get to know people, make your sort of contacts and uh everybody kind of remembers and most people that come this year will probably come again next year. at the beer garden. The last evening together for Hannah and her colleagues. It is quite sad to say goodbye to rats there in the outback, William Creek. Um, it'll always be a special place in my heart. I I've met so many great people that'll be lifelong friends and uh just the experience to work in the South Australian outback. Not many people even get to visit it, let alone work out here. So, it's always going to be yeah, a very special place. What a beautiful desert night out here at William Creek. So happy to be here. You tell me what we've got don't happen often to you. To you. So why' you sink the nails into the coffin? So soon, baby. So soon. Tell me what we've got. Don't happen often to you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chief_flagtale [1 likes]: My inspiration to aviation
  2. @HOG1070 [1 likes]: Dream destination
  3. @davidsullivan8236 [1 likes]: Great story sounds like a unique experience
  4. @ArberHadziDauti: Awesome! 
I do like Australia.
Unfortunately I would never have a financial possibility, to go and visit.
Maybe while in former Yugoslavia, when I was younger, I could manage. With this salary now in Serbia, never.
  5. @Gerrit-l3y: Dit is tenminste een mooie baan ff een rondje over de oudbauk
  6. @danwilliamson7394: Too many snakes and crocs in australia for me. Ill stick to reading about it
  7. @danwilliamson7394: I would be afraid of going down in a croc pond
  8. @maia1951: ... Dicção horrível, de difícil compreensão.......
  9. @7cyber: I from Russia, where space is unlimited. And i compare with Australia .This is real fly ? i want to see inside.
  10. @apennameandthata2017: Not outback’s smallest settlement, ffs
  11. @AldrinChris-y1v: Elpilibustorismo.. nolimetangare.
  12. @oldrichballak2382: How did the Alto get there? 😯
  13. @Zeeshanoffical01: Love from Pakistan❤❤❤
  14. @NonatoGomesSilva-s8t: Watching here in Brazil. 
I Liked this documentary. 
Very beautiful.
  15. @SaralKumar-x3t: how can I reach this place in australia....very nice😍👍👍👍
  16. @markduncan6690: A “True Aussie” Couple!
  17. @dw9003: Hello from Memphis TN
  18. @bobo-the-ele: Love such places to live.. 
Remote, peaceful and simple life.. 
Things can get tough in emergency situations though.. 
Do you use miles or kms in Australia?
  19. @johannavanklaveren66: Air Afrikaans.  Beef or cow?
  20. @walterdior243: I traveled from Darwin to Ayers Rock by a van,spent a night at Tennant Creek and a night ar Alice Spring. I flew back to Darwin from Alice Spring. It was a wonderful experience for me. Mind you Aloce Spring is at the middle of Australia!

- The Invisible Pilot | Official Trailer | HBO: Kind: captions Language: en SPEAKER: Gary was a crop duster. (AIRPLANES WHOOSHING) SPEAKER 2: And the best pilot the TOPGUN program had ever known. That's my dad. SPEAKER: He walked away from 11 plane crashes. SPEAKER 3: A special kind of wild man. (AIRPLANE WHOOSHES) SPEAKER: One morning, when I'm driving to the country, the car had broken down, and all of a sudden... Gary jumped off the bridge. (LIGHTNING CRACKS) SPEAKER 4: What made him do that? SPEAKER 5: People had, like, theories. SPEAKER 6: I know it was a shock... SPEAKER 6: ...but maybe it wasn't inexplicable. I didn't think they talked about our double life. ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ SPEAKER 7: Gary became an international drug smuggler, and he had made millions and millions of dollars. SPEAKER: It gets complicated. Your mind has to switch gears. But I never once told the kids. His wife ought to have an Academy Award. ♪ (MUSIC CONTINUES) ♪ The war on drugs intensified during that time. In the end, this was almost like the tip of the iceberg. SPEAKER 8: Gary was flying guns connected to the CIA. (ON RECORDING) SPEAKER 9: My expectations were so high of my dad that it broke me. SPEAKER 10: You're part of what she experienced. SPEAKER 11: When you're dealing with that kind of money, people act different. SPEAKER 12: I don't think Gary Betzner had a clue of what he was tripping into... ♪ (MUSIC BUILDS) ♪ SPEAKER 12: ...one of the biggest political scandals of his lifetime. ♪ (MUSIC PLAYS, FADES) ♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @OhHeyItsShan [19 likes]: Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
  2. @alanc1491 [14 likes]: How does his story tie in with the CIA drug smuggling through Mena, Arkansas?
  3. @matthewk1984 [12 likes]: Is this the story that Tom Cruise movie was based on? American Made?
  4. @darylallen8946 [7 likes]: I’m enjoying this documentary.
I met a few crop duster pilots, as a boy, on my Grandfather’s farm.
They’re definitely a different breed.
  5. @preacher9279 [7 likes]: It's all Iran contra affair.
  6. @kk-fl4pb [6 likes]: Do HBO documentaries usually have "recreation" scenes?
  7. @robinprine62 [5 likes]: I remember when this happened.
  8. @virginiawamaitha3860 [5 likes]: straight gas 🔥🔥🔥
  9. @scotteberline [3 likes]: Unbelievably done documentary and story!!!
  10. @TaylorMadeKuntry [2 likes]: My guy Mr Burke Sims had the quote of the show with that his WIFE OUGHT TO HAVE AN ACADEMY AWARD
  11. @ShadowF305 [2 likes]: Is this the same guy from the Tom Cruise movie???
  12. @Mister__Jey [1 likes]: Unbelievable that they had not made a movie about that guys life...

Barry Seal or White Boy Rick are nothing compared to him... Amazing story, life and guy
  13. @deborahrose8621 [1 likes]: I knew Gary but I knew him as Lucas ~
  14. @helldog63 [1 likes]: Boring
  15. @QuietStormX [1 likes]: :-D
  16. @bryany6565: This was increbily presented!!   Masterpeice!!   Hope ole garry gets a chunk!  😂
  17. @monicamanning: Poor kids
  18. @emmanuelawosusi2365: Nice
  19. @wes3044: So basically his a waste of space and didn't do anything in the end, losser 🤡
  20. @ericafisette160: We win BIIiIIG!🏆🏆✝️✝️

- The HMO Next Door – 7 Drive-By Checks On Local HMOs (Pilot Tour): Kind: captions Language: en More bins than normal. Multiple bins. It's hiding something else. A mattress. You know you got an HMO when you got a mattress outside. However, one 2 3 4 five bins overflowing. Do you have an HMO on your road? Well, if you live in Southwest London, you might just find out. Welcome back to Say No to HMO. Today is a special day for me. I'm going to be going out into my local burough on cuz I thought it was time that I had a look around. I mean, I never really looked at the numbers before. I knew there's an HMO problem in my bur. You have mandatory, additional, selective. I have 645 mandatory here and then the rest who is made up [music] through additional selective. They all have different meanings essentially. Okay, so there's a lot of ground to cover and it's going to take me months. I want to put a disclaimer on this for the fact that [music] not all HMOs are bad. Okay, not all landlords are bad, but my main issue is the social impact that an HMO has on the road, the rubbish, [music] the ASBs, and basically the whole destabilization of a road or residential area. Come with me as we go out, hit the road, [music] and see what we find. And I really do hope we find a majority of good ones. And we're going to find some not so [music] good ones, some bad ones, and some really bad ones. But the main thing is to go out, not call any names, no doxing, [music] no faces, no address numbers, no street numbers, ambiguity. The next video will be me out in the car, hitting the road, [music] going on the road for our HMO tour. Let's go. You join me on our first expedition on Say No to HMO, the HMO tour. Now, I'm pulling up to a property. It was rubbish day today, so the rubber should have gone. This is an HMO on a list. So, I'm going to pull up next to it now and I'm going to stop right outside. So, what you're looking at now is an HMO, a licensed HMO, by the way. This is a mandatory licensed HMO we're looking at at the moment. And as you can see, curtains drawn down the bottom, closed off. But the main thing is the identifier is the rubbish. Now, the rubbish is the biggest identifier and the fact that it's been left and it will get left now until I don't know when, but everyone else has been done. Their rubbish is put away, their bins, etc. It's all done. But that's going to stay out now. And it will stay out because no one's looking after it. No one's managing it. Okay. So, there you go. There's our first property on the list. And I found one which it talks for itself. And that for you people that do not understand what an HMO is, a house of multiple occupancy, that is a C4 home where a C3 property, a normal family home, gets converted into an HMO, which is a 3 to six occupancy. Now I'm next to another HMO now which has just got a scruffy front garden. It's to my right. That's about it. There's nothing really apart from it's a bit scruffy outside and that's nice HMO. Not worth looking at. Absolutely fine. Okay. So I'm going to come up to another HMO now. Two. There's one next door to each other. I'm just going to give him an eyeball. See what's going on here. Okay. So doesn't look too bad from the from the distance. Okay. Right. Telltale side straight away. I'm going to turn the car around so I can point the camera at it. So, one side of the HMO is absolutely fine. On the other side, it's not so fine. So, one side has got a door entry system and it's the side which looks unsightly, which I'll show you shortly. And the other side doesn't have a door entry system. It is marked as an HMO, but is kept a lot tidier. I'm saying about the luck of the draw with an HMO next door to you. And this is a a massive telltale sign that [music] when things aren't quite as they seem that you wouldn't know that one's an HMO and one's not. Okay, so bear with me on that one. So this property here, you can see at the moment is the first HMO. It's absolutely fine. There's no problem with it. It's not bad. The one next to it, let's have a look at the one next to it for example. And you can see the rubbish building up. Multiple bins, more bins than normal. That's a big telltale sign if you didn't know. and just at the keep of the garden. It's, you know, it's starting to overgrow. No one's caring about overflowing bins, etc. And no one else has got any other bin issues apart from that one. So, that's another telltale sign. But you're next to an HMO. Okay. So, I'm going to stop the car now because I'm going to go for another little tour around and have a look at a few more HMOs. So, I am going to be approaching very, very shortly. I wonder if I can spot any of the telltale signs before I even roll up. I can tell it's an HMO. The usual sign. rubbish outside, but it's not too bad in in all. I'll be quite interested to look at this first property here. I'm going to park a car and have a look at this. This deserves a look. Now, one is marked as an HMO and the one next door is in, but looks awful. And it could well be, but it's either abandoned or it is just operate as an unlicensed HMO. Okay, so this is what I mean, right? So, this property here is I think it's been abandoned by the looks of things. I don't think anyone's lives there at the moment. You can pretty much tell. I mean, look at the state of it being left. Okay, it's done. This one next to it is an HMO. Full to the brim, rubbish outside, general mess. And this is what you're looking at. Had a look at those ones. And like I said, I just popped that give you some sort of identifiers of what an HMO looks like. Apart from that, it was fairly clean, but the rubbish gives it a sort of eye open way. And the one next door to it, who knows? We are off to another HMO. So, this is going to be a 2-minute drive. I hope you're enjoying this tour of the HMO so far. One up here. see the state of play for this one. It's the classic signs. Multiple bins outside generally. Is it tidy? Yes. Okay, I'm going to turn the car around cuz we've got a classic sign there. We've got we've got the classic sign of an HMO. The mattress. What I thought originally then, which looked quite tidy or a little bit tidy, but the usual like, you know, too many bins. It's hiding something else. A mattress. So, we're going to have a look at this. So, we're going to do a bit more of a deep deep dive on this one. I'm going to go over I'm going to do a quick UI and then we're going to have a look at a bit of classic HMO activity. You know you got an HMO when you got a mattress outside. I'll tell you that. You know you got an HMO when you have [snorts] a mattress. The signature. So, we're going to pull up next to it. So, as you can see, it's the classic HMO. Multiple bins and tucked behind it, we have a mattress. We have a mattress. We have the the identifying door entry system. It's the signature. So, there you go. So, I'm just going to pull the car over and I'm going to go and pick another one off on our list before I head back home and do some editing. Okay, let's head off to our new location. Believe this might have an HMO on it. So, let's have a look at it and give you the telltale signs. Overflowing bins. We have one, two, three, four, five bins overflowing. We have some cardboard in the garden. Now, this one can cause a lot of trouble. As you can see, we got multiple bins there on the go. Definitely kept untidy. Okay, so I'm going to call that a day on this field trip. As this is our first trip, I haven't really scaled up. The next one will be like a proper road tour. I'm going to like hit out a lot. I'm going to actually go through my list and actually do a few more. Try and get about I don't know 10 on the go in one trip. It's very telling. It's fascinating. And I really want to get to the bottom of what's actually going on in these local burrows. I'm here to document where there's a problem, but I'm just trying to raise awareness and hopefully help you if you've got an HMO on your road or the identifiers to whether you wasn't sure whether you had an HMO and how you can find out whether you got an HMO. And talk to your neighbors, ask them, especially if people are selling their house. Get talk to those people. Those people selling the house. Even if you not talked to them before, start talking to them. Start asking them questions cuz it's really important that you do ask them questions. [music] cuz if you can stop an HMO before it starts, you're in business. Okay, so this concludes my little trip out. It's been very interesting, fascinating. We, like I said, we've not even scratched the surface yet. We've got a long way to go. We're going to be going to all kinds of places. This is a documentary series. We're going to be uncovering what is going on in the UK with HMOs. Tell me your stories. This is what I want to do. I want to highlight the problem, not name companies. Not going to put tenants in view, etc. This is unbiased. Maybe a little bit biased. I don't know, but it needs answering. I'm out here to find out. I'm the person who's going out on the streets finding out what's going on with these HMOs looking for identifying problems. For now, I'd love you to share this video. Tell your friends about this channel. Share, comment, like, tell me your stories. I'm here to listen. Bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SAYNO2HMO [19 likes]: This is just the beginning. Episode 1 of the HMO Tour is a pilot — a small glimpse into what’s really happening on our streets.

From overflowing bins to abandoned houses next to active HMOs, it’s clear there’s more to uncover — and this series will document it all.

If you care about how our neighbourhoods are changing, subscribe, comment your area, and share this with someone who’s seen the same signs where they live.

🧭 The mission starts here.
#SayNoToHMO #HMOTour #UKHousingCrisis
  2. @Ken_oh545 [4 likes]: Sounds as if the HMOs need a 'captain' or responsible person to co-ordinate rubbish/recycling. Maybe give that person £100 off the rent?
  3. @Matthew-jg9us [2 likes]: The Housing market in UK is collapsing. Most vulnerable is the "HMO" sector. Renting is no longer secure. Financing is no longer possible. This is a Policy issue and, inevitably, will become a Policing issue. Naturally Im only bovvered cos I live in a HMO!! Whats next to "HMO"?  "HMP"!! (Little joke for ya....Hahaha)
  4. @stevenhoward9926 [2 likes]: July 2025 a huge local landlord [ Grimsby ] suddenly went out of business putting 270+ houses keys back to the bank, causing hundreds of local family's to be evicted. I was told the local council / housing charities etc went in to melt down with even some tenants asking to buy said properties only to be told no. This town only has a population of around 75,000 people so you can imagine the sheer chaos this did and is still causing. The only plus to this sad story is a lot of the houses have been sold to small to medium sized land lords and a lot of renovation work is going on at these properties which from what I have seen they badly need it as some of them are literally falling down. How on earth some of those tenants could live in all that mould/dirt/damp horrible houses I just can not believe.
  5. @annedwards4976 [1 likes]: And to think houses under the hammer advocates people buying property to change into HMO and rake in the money and destroy neighbourhood
  6. @Bill_Bacon [1 likes]: If the house is an HMO then why don't the tenants have the responsibility to keep the surrounding area clean? All this should be in violation of blight ordinances. Clean up or have the property condemned!!
  7. @MINKIN2 [1 likes]: Other signs to look out for...
Opaque film on the ground floor windows and miss matched curtains ill hanging from a cord on the windows.
  8. @beloveddaughter8585 [1 likes]: What do you mean by entry system? Please, thank you.
  9. @margaretmcclean2083 [1 likes]: I thought it was the councils job to deal with antisocial issues ,we are supposed to notify them of rubbish as a health issue
  10. @dalebradley5381: Yet another tell tail sign of an HMO is the presence of escape lighting which can be easily identified by the green glow coming from the charging indicators, often visible through the glass panels of front doors.  This would be the maintained. final exit sign.
  11. @MichaelFindlay-wh5kd: Most of these dumps need thermic sterilization.
  12. @denisewalton3957: They just turn areas into absolute shit holes.
  13. @mobob75: They turn everywhere into the slum they've left behind.  They will never care for our country ect like we do.  It's also affecting house prices
  14. @BluePrince7: An electrician was called out to an HMO occupied by a group of African males.  The loss of electricity was caused by each person in the house plugging in a (free) 3kw heater.  They burned out the circuit breaker board.  They didn't pay for the electricity or the call out.  Next door apparently was an old lady freezing not able to pay for her heating.
  15. @m.goodengumman3941: Come to cv24 fh , i am living in the street 50 years + the council has destroyed the local community,  gave permission to property developers to convert 2up down houses to 5 / 6 bedsits and then send uncivilised people to accommodate temporarily,  ex convits, crooks,  machete welding gangs,  most locals chose sell up to leave but one developer bought them for CASH ,OVER 200 HOUSES,  offcourse he was guaranteed by council he would get permissions to convert house to multi occupancy flats and thousands of pounds in return even if they are empty.  Corruption 😢😢
  16. @chrisward3605: Hmo should not be allowed.owed strangers living in one house asking for trouble
  17. @Davy-q9i: I managed HMOs in Birmingham......they are cheap alternatives used by west MIDs plods and probation instead of hostels 
Period...sex offenders are rife in them under false names
  18. @horatio8764: What is a HMO ?
  19. @senismarsenis9678: So everyone is bashing on HMOs in comments because of how poorly managed these properties are. I don't see anyone proposing any solutions or pointing out the reason for why some people have no better options other than getting crammed into one building to live communally with dysfunctional people who are ruining it for everyone around them
  20. @Superdoooer: AWFULL area

- Airline pilot flies with his parents as passengers for 1st time: Kind: captions Language: en folks today this is will be the most memorable flight of my career you see the two most important uh supportive and loving people in my life over the last 38 years my parents are on a flight that I am operating for the very first time uh they finally get to see firstand the product of all their hard work and dedication thank you hard work and dedication over the years since I was uh four years old I had the dream of being a pilot and today they get to see me welcoming all of you onto my airplane as your pilot here today in United Airlines so I want to publicly acknowledge all of the hard work and especially the sacrifices that my mom and dad have made over the years and to thank you uh from the bottom of my heart for being the very best parenting I could ever hope for I think I've made you CR uh so ladies and gentlemen I can assure you this will be the safest flight you have ever been on not only because my parents are on this PL but I can uh assure you that when we land in Denver on feet will we press perly on the floor hitting those backseat driver brakes ensuring This Plane safely comes to a stop Mom and Dad I love you thank you for a great week visiting me here in La now I'll let me sit back relax to ually the 1 hour 52 minute flight du the mile high city thank say [Music] hi

  Top Comments:
  1. @WaFaTrans [8 likes]: I'm not crying, you are
  2. @tawandathurman886 [5 likes]: A man of few words. And a lot of love ❤️. For mom and dad 🎉
  3. @AwesomePilotGuy [3 likes]: Thousands of other pilots have the done same. Cool for the family but why is this newsworthy?
  4. @tendaichonyera7303 [1 likes]: The safest trip ever
  5. @robertbowman4675 [1 likes]: Good video! Lame GMA has to use a video w/ depth for their lame show.

- Meet First Mother & Daughters Airline Pilots at Delta: piloting is a family business: Kind: captions Language: en flight attendant said honey does your mother know where you are it's like Oh yep she's right here [Music] [Applause] Kelly and I are both third generation pilots the airline pilot and so his dad really is the family business maybe you want to be a pilot someday huh it is a male-dominated industry and we get a lot of very positive comments every once in a while you'll go get an offhand comment about parking or girl drivers and you just laugh and smile and it's funny you just have to have a good sense of humor and you walk around very good I'll be up here getting it ready it's been an honor mom and I being the first mother-daughter crew at Delta and online Cate transition so this airplane will be the first international mother daughter daughter crew I'm beaming with pride about the fact that the girls have chosen this path because I love it so much both flight very good first flight together we were both very excited to be flying together it's an extra twist on our first flight we did have a mechanical emergency smoke and fumes in the cockpit out of JFK here and we had to make an emergency landing when we've been so exposed to it - I was as a child with my dad flying and then the girls have been and it becomes just part of what we do when we feel completely safe that's our job get the airplane safely back on the ground thank you I started flying at 16 then I became an instructor then at that point Kate was ready to start flying and we had the opportunity - for me to be her instructor and she was my first student it's hard to take instruction at any age from assembling when Kelly was my instructor she was my instructor and I didn't treat her like a sister because at that point you know she wasn't good so we'll get we'll get a brief from the crew and they'll know about the rides for the flight attendant other parents would say how can you let your children fly airplanes you know when they're in high school but I said boy I'd much rather give them the keys to the airplane then go with their friends out late at night parties and you know driving in a car I felt much safer having them flying you like airplanes you can wear wings just like we do girls don't haven't thought about aviation as a career very much and a lot more females are we see so many flight attendants that want to be pilots now and there's so many new girls joining college aviation program so I think we're gonna see a lot more females in the flight deck moving forward you can wear wings just like Kelly as a women do extremely well in this industry they just don't think about this industry as an option and that's why we want to promote diversity and more women getting into aviation and encourage them because it's a tremendous opportunity

  Top Comments:
  1. @zigman3105 [5 likes]: They all fine. I wouldn't want a female pilot though.
  2. @MrTropheusguy [5 likes]: did you fly into TO?
  3. @lpaone01 [2 likes]: I flew with women for years and they were the best.
  4. @bounnongkhoukone7234 [2 likes]: 👋👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🙏🙏🙏👍😎🙋
  5. @ingridasvilainyte8783 [2 likes]: im not flying planes at all. dont like it. happy me.
  6. @kaushikalugalla3270 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  7. @gregoryblackwell235 [1 likes]: How did this happen? My mother worked for Delta and when I became an aircraft mechanic I couldn't work there because of their nepotism policy! They did offer me a job seven years later when she retired but what the hell?
  8. @scoobyjew_1-s3m [1 likes]: They showed everything apart from them actually flying a plane
  9. @ticoworld7195 [1 likes]: Not a great plan.
  10. @MykelBBY1 [1 likes]: Isn't this just so, so special?
  11. @777driver1: Congratulations ladies
  12. @СашаКоноплёв-з1ъ: Ташкент пролетает этот самолёт
  13. @Captifier: family affaire
  14. @RisingTidesAC: This in no way makes me want to ever fly again.
  15. @arturosanchez4031: Lady be like Shut up and do what i tell you to do or go to your room......and the hold on come back im not flying solo
  16. @muthunayagamp2856: Congratulations
  17. @JosielFerreiraGomesCastroGomes: iermila
  18. @swarupagarwala394: Many years ago I went on a plane to Stockholm. I may fly again to Europe and England to play my Guitar and sing.
  19. @neilwankhar3325: First unmanned flight that  lands upside down congrats  Delta
  20. @ApaKakek: Great sister Riyas,You have bigger family,aren't you ?

- Dad doesn't know I'm a licensed pilot, so I took him flying!!: Kind: captions Language: en my maintenance taxi high-speed tax I replace that education as I told you and I have my check ride in a couple weeks so I just want to make sure that I'm all set and good um so seat belts please have them on you know even though we're not flying one of those things where if we have to come to a hard stop I don't want you being thrown forward um air sickness bags you won't need them but in case you get sick on the ground you got some right here we don't have any fire extinguishers in here so there's a fire then we have the other day as soon as possible um exits whenever this door is closed lift up on this hand right here push out and now I'll have this latch unlocked up here uh just I'm fine with talking just uh especially if there's other other planes in the area I just want to keep talking to a minimum so I can focus and pay attention I'm not going to really say duck punch and if you hear anything see anything just let me know okay yep you good yeah all right Joseph A Hardy Connellsville airport automatic weather observation one six three three Zulu weather wind two seven zero at one one gusts two zero visibility one zero ceiling three thousand five hundred broken four thousand seven hundred broken six thousand five hundred broken temperatures two eight Celsius dew point two zero altimeter three zero zero zero density altitude three zero zero zero all right cause of traffic Tom walk number two four five six Delta is taxing from the T hangers to Runway two three comes up yeah I can't I you your mic gets cut out whenever I'm actually in the mic and along with my bike it's kind of whenever you're activating the mic all right I'm gonna do this in whenever we get to the runway fun of the traffic guys 7585 taking Runway two three look at that little bug right there his underbelly's really dirty talking a lot of them are I can't hear you now I cannot hear you I can hear you I can't hear you hold on a second just don't mess with it whenever he gets up to the runway up here I'll uh I have to do my run up I'll check it all right I can hear myself now cutting in and out though I don't understand it Runway two three huh all right I close the doors closes close no it wasn't oh all right let's lock this here all right so run up breaks no problems guys all right good drop on the left good drop on the right now back up temperature is good pressure's good fuel pressure is good production is good zero I think you got seven five eighty five final Runway two three Connorsville yeah we're uh I'm gonna wait to make my call until he gets uh so he gets down uh funny well here's the RPM a little bit uh want to bring it down bring the picture down it warms up the engine and any kind of carbon it will break up unless the engine run a little bit smoother so that's the uh that's the reason for doing this on the ground because what because it would let it fuel the spark plugs get really gunked up because of it if you let run it too rich too too you want it too rich too much can you hear me properly yeah I can hear I'm having a hard time hearing you I don't know if it's the squelch or if it's your headset or what doing a touch and go or do you think they're Landing Oh no you're not doing a touch and go with this temperature and this sort of Runway I wouldn't do a touch and go he didn't do one last time but here continue talking I want to see if I can fix it okay let's see what this is traffic all right what about now I can hear you just fine okay 585 clear Runway two three all right fuel pump is on and we have a right a little bit of a right to left cross one so we're gonna have a little bit of correction we see a big two three on the runway that means we're on the right Runway heels on the ground and full throttle the trim has already been set so we're good all right oh Dad one thing I forgot to tell you I lied in front of the traffic Die Hard 7585 right away holy cow no way that's why I called off on Wednesday and that's why it was so important that I use the call on Wednesday because I had to get down here oh my two weeks ago was actually my original uh was actually my original uh check ride but I had to cancel for weather but I passed the ground portion oh my gosh that's right there all right where you got 500 feet above the ground five six Deltas is making a left Crossman for two three yeah you can see clouds like right here here there's really not much room to climb out of it outside of the traffic pattern altitude so internal traffic timeout Classics delts is turning left downwind for 2-3 Chronicles now oh my God all right traffic attack seven five eighty five take Runway two three Council we are at cast iron altitude so we can bring out the mixture a little bit bring out the throttle turn the fuel pump off for now all right our feet on first not your flaps we'll make sure fuel pump is on alrighty let's start a little bit more that Speedy meaties right there so that's what I like to use usually use my turn around point and all my Park base Point yeah wow cool traffic tell my classic stealth is turning left base for two three Donald Trump I extend a little bit pasta but I'm okay with that it was a little bit more altitude yeah cause the traffic timeout 56 Deltas make a turning final for 2-3 finals up but I send it in a traffic cap 37-31 Cessna 182 10 miles to the east we'll cross over to Midfield to enter left down one two nine Indiana [Applause] wait a little bit high but that's okay this thing likes to drop so let's bring it to 65 this thing will drop like a rock I'm not doing a slip with gusting winds like this little traffic 75885 left downwind Runway two three calls up just like that I hit my mark nice and smooth that's the shimmy that I'm talking about because I never got it changed College traffic time 156 stealth is exiting two three and we'll be taxed back to T anger scars up I lied about the uh about about the scissor link which it's actually a real product I just didn't get it because well I'm not spending 700 bucks on a part that doesn't need to be replaced immediately so let's open up these doors get some air in here oh it's hot wow you did what I would have did that to you boy you suck that is good yeah I was uh I was implanting a uh a ruse for some time now I don't know traffic all righty foreign did you videotape your phone take it off great and a little bit of you in the air but I don't have much time yeah there wasn't really much to get in there so I first want to start off by saying I apologize for the poor mic quality in comparison to a lot of others that you might see I don't have any professional equipment I'm just using my headset built-in mic on my headset it's all I got it works good enough so as of right now that's what I'm going to use with that out of the way uh this was a really really really good uh day my dad has uh been in the aviation field as a line serviceman for a good almost 20 years at this point he's medically retired now he doesn't do it anymore but I started flight school back in March of 2020 and he's the one that mainly got me into it I always wanted to surprise him with something like this but I wasn't sure how I was going to do it then I saw a guy surprise his friend by taking him up flying for the first time his friend didn't know much about it and he didn't know his friend was a pilot so it was able to work out really well it was a great good video I'll link it up my dad on the other hand knows a lot about this because I've been talking to him about all my training he knows the ins and outs because of his time on the Airfield so he's pretty well informed when it comes to most of the stuff so I had to create a ruse to figure out how to deceive him into getting him in the plane without him suspecting anything the front nose gyoshimi of the of this particular aircraft isn't the best you've heard me mention in many other videos of mine and it's just a characteristic of this airplane I told him I replaced it with a an aftermarket part by Sterling Aviation Technologies I'm going to do it at some point just I haven't done it at this point but I told him I did it was just mainly an excuse to get him in the airplane so when whenever we do high-speed taxes like I told him we were gonna do he's not wondering oh why are we going on the runway so I gave him an excuse in that manner also when it comes to making my call outs he understands all that what all that means so I had to figure out a way of making my call outs and giving him all the rundowns and everything I needed to do as a pilot to give for my passenger the safety briefings and all that without him suspecting much so I pretty much just acted like oh we're not actually doing it but if we were this is what's this is what we would have to do it gave him the safety in that manner also when it came to my call outs I acted well my plan was to act like his headset wasn't working properly throughout the video you can see him talking but it's not coming through in reality his microphone wasn't close wasn't close enough to his mouth so that's why it wasn't picking up I didn't tell him that at the time I was like oh well we'll we'll figure it out whenever we get to the um run-up area we'll figure it out before we take off don't worry that's when I use the excuse to pull the microphone out so he couldn't hear what I was saying raise the RPM a little bit make my call out so he didn't suspect the thing it worked out really well I'm really happy how it turned out I had one chance to do this I felt I did it pretty well I had my my temporary uh certificate behind the pilot seat kind of dangling there so it's an easy reach and grab so I can give to him he didn't look at it he tried calling my grandmother to video chat her to show her what was going on his phone wouldn't connect so he was just at that point taking videos as you can see here the camera wasn't in my way at all I I didn't really even notice it all that much except for when I ever looked at him so he was fine with that I would have told him otherwise if it was an issue so afterwards I took my sister up flying she was in on it the entire time I've been telling her the plan ever since uh ever since I uh had the idea to do this and her boyfriend came down along he seemed interested so I took up my first flight because you know why not I was gonna fly a little bit more afterwards but the clouds started moving in and the winds started to pick up into it in a way that I didn't feel comfortable taking anybody up so I decided to call today it was a fun day it was a very fun once in a lifetime experience and his reactions were priceless I have a couple more videos that this is going to be coming up here soon I did a flight with one of my friends after about a week after this where I lost my panel lights flying technically wasn't at night it was about 30 to 45 minutes after Sunset so about 15 minutes before the night portion but dark enough to where no panel lights were a problem I'll be posting a video on that here soon and I should have a couple more videos coming up about annual costs you know this some of that's some stuff like that so keep an eye out and uh until next time this is the record I show the pilot thank you for tuning in

  Top Comments:
  1. @Big_Iron_Mode [3300 likes]: This is so good. You didn't leave him to think you were flying a plane you weren't supposed to and make him panic. Had the papers, and that made it all very clear. It makes it a lot trickier that your old man is in the industry, but he never knew. You thought of everything you needed to. Congrats on the license!
  2. @Boro87 [5 likes]: Im glad dad is living in the moment
  3. @802Trip [2 likes]: thats one proud father
  4. @glennsr.1082 [1 likes]: Priceless.
  5. @deltasierra1775: 5:13 that was a slick move 😂
  6. @Karlo-o4d: Such unique and original video
  7. @crackerjack2303: I don’t think you could get that mic closer to your mouth if you tried 😂😂
  8. @sarataylor2008: Sweet happy tears!!! My dad was my first passenger…I was in flight school for two and a half years and finished with my CFII and all the while kept praying that my dad would remain healthy (he’s 82) so that someday I could take him up!  I took him up for the first time on Father’s Day 2025 (he was my first passenger ever)😢, and we’ve had lots of cross countries since then. It puts so much joy into my heart to look over at my dad and see him so proud and excited and I’m so lucky that I’m still getting to share this with him❤. Absolutely loved your video ❤❤❤
  9. @Uraken17: I can't really believe my father didn't understand what was going on.
  10. @TheReelStuff: The way you both looked at eachother as you take off 😂 priceless
  11. @KimClark-e6w: I don't find trying to make someone look like a fool all that entertaining. Just being an asshole, albeit one with a big ego.
  12. @miiavega: Put down the camera and the cell phone for a bit! Enjoy the experience and bond with your son. I love to document but there is such a thing as overdoing it...
  13. @lucifermorningstar8965: Doesn't know you are a licensed pilot, but he's riding along while you fly a plane? Yea, ok.
  14. @rlciii: Dad was proud, but definitely thinking “one engine, one fu**ing engine?”.
  15. @Malibu_Man: so obviously fake.  there is no way that someone without a pilot's license would be able to taxi a plane on the runway without the instructor, and the father would know that, or should have.
  16. @aztech865: That is great congrats. I was bad in school and i mention to my father i wanted to learn to fly one day he was a mathematician and physicist and telling me i could never do it way to complicated haha. So when i was older in the 30s i went for it and got my PPL and took him for a ride he was overwhelmed it is a good feeling taking you Dad up.
  17. @tenaogreg: Le père est encore plus heureux que son fils 😂😂
  18. @ВалераПономарев-р6б: Ці ''переклади'' вже вкурвлюють...
  19. @anderstremhoff32: Congratulations, but i wish your dad could at least be present and enjoy the moment without all the technology!! He won't remember it well.
  20. @christinajenkins4765: You Are a Wonderful Son and Man❤️😇🙏

- Your Kid Wants to Be a Pilot? Here’s What Parents Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en If you're watching this, there's a good chance your child just came up to you and said, "Mom or dad, I want to be a pilot." So, what now? Maybe you're excited and proud. Maybe you're a bit nervous or just completely in the dark about what that actually means. I get it. When I told my own parents I wanted to fly, they looked at me like I said I wanted to be an astronaut. They had no idea what the journey entailed. Fast forward to today. I'm a certified flight instructor and soon to be airline pilot, and I've made it my mission to help demystify the process for families like yours. In this video, I'm going to walk you through everything a parent needs to know when their kid wants to become a pilot. We'll break down what flight training actually involves, how long it takes, the timeline from first lesson to professional career, how much it costs, and yes, we'll be real about the costs, important safety info, because I know you're probably worried, the different career paths in aviation, and how you can best support your child's dreams. We'll also tackle some common myths like, do pilots need perfect vision? Do you have to be a math genius? Is it insanely dangerous? And point out some red flags to watch for when choosing a flight school or flight program. Stick around because by the end of this video, you'll have a clear road map and hopefully some peace of mind about this whole piloting thing. So whether you're totally on board with the idea or feeling a bit anxious, let's dive in together. This is definitely going to be a much longer video than I've been making lately. So sit down, get comfy, grab a piece of paper, grab a pencil, take some notes, and let's get through it together. Your kid wants to be a pilot. Let's help them get there safely and smartly. Just a complete side note, I actually got this video idea from my mom herself. So, shout out to you, Mom. Let's start with the basics. What does flight training actually look like? A lot of people think learning to fly is just hopping in a plane and taking off, but there's a lot more to it. Flight training is a structured process that includes both ground school, which is classroom or online learning, and flight lessons in the air. On the ground, your kid will study the fundamentals of aviation, how airplanes work, the rules of the sky, airspace and regulations, basic aerodynamics, navigation, meteorology, and safety procedures. They'll need to pass a written knowledge exam to show they understand that material. It's a bit like the written test for a driver's license, but way more in depth. Don't worry, there are courses and books and lots and lots of practice tests to help with this to make sure that they're well prepared. In the air, they'll be training in a small airplane, often a two or four-seater like a Cessna 172 with a certified flight instructor or CFI sitting next to them. The instructor will teach them how to handle the aircraft step by step. Early on, the instructor does most of the flying to demonstrate how to take off, how to turn, climb, descend, and of course, how to land the airplane. Quickly though, the student begins to do those things under guidance. They'll learn basic maneuvers, flying straight and level, turns, altitude changes, and how to recover from mistakes, how to navigate to other airports, and what to do in emergencies, like if the engine quits. Yes, they practice that safely. It's very hands-on. A huge early milestone in flight training is the first solo flight. That's the first time your child will fly the airplane alone without the instructor on board. Now, before you panic, know that the instructor will not let them solo until they are truly ready and have demonstrated the necessary skills and judgment repeatedly. There are specific requirements a student must meet before solo. They have to be at least 16 years old. They have to have a certain level of proficiency. And they also have to have a medical and the instructor's endorsement saying, "I trust them to do this." The first solo typically happens somewhere in the 15 to 20 hours of instruction. It varies a lot though. Some do it earlier, some do it later. It's all based on ability and comfort level. It usually consists of a couple takeoffs and landings in the traffic pattern while the instructor watches from the ground, probably more nervous than the student. It's an incredible confidence booster. I still remember mine vividly and I'm pretty sure my smile was visible from space that day. After solo, the training continues with more advanced stuff. Flying to other airports, which we call cross-country flight, flying at night and polishing all those skills. Eventually, when the instructor feels that the student is fully prepared, they'll go for their check ride. A check ride is like the final exam. It's like a driving test for the pilot's license. An FA designated examiner will spend a couple hours asking oral questions and then go up in the plane with the student to verify that they can perform all of the required maneuvers and handle scenarios safely. If all goes well, they'll land and the examiner will say, "Congratulations, you're now a pilot." And they earn their private pilot certificate. This is the first big license that allows them to fly small aircraft and even carry passengers, friends, or family for non-commercial purposes. So, let's summarize it. Flight training is a mix between ground school and flight lessons, leading to milestones like the first solo and then a flight test to get a pilot's license. It's very much like learning to drive, but in three dimensions and with more theory to learn. It's structured, but it's also a lot of fun. Many students describe their lessons as the highlight of their week. It's challenging, but in a good, rewarding way. And as a parent, you'll get to share in the excitement of each achievement. from that first takeoff they get to do to the day they proudly hold their pilot certificate in their hand. Timeline overview. How long does it take to go from zero experience to actually being a pilot or even an airline pilot? The timeline can vary widely, but I'll give you a general overview of the typical journey. First, let's distinguish goals. If your child just wants to fly for fun recreationally, then they might stop after getting a private pilot's license, which could be achieved in a matter of a few months to a year depending on training frequency. However, since many young people who dream of being a pilot envision it as being a career, I'll outline the full pathway to professional pilot. Private pilot's license timeline 3 to 12 months. The minimum training time for a PPL is 40 flight hours, but most people train somewhere between 60 to 75 or or even more before they're test ready because everyone learns at their own pace and you want to be fully competent. If a student is training full-time, say four to five lessons a week, they might finish in three to four months. If they're doing it part-time, like one lesson a week on weekends or working around school schedules, it could take 6 months, 9 months, a year. It's typically pretty flexible. The key is consistency. Training goes faster if they can fly at least a couple times a week. With long gaps, they spend time relearning skills. So roughly many high schoolers or college students may start in the spring and solo by summer then licensed by fall. Others might take a full year because of other commitments. Both are totally fine. Next is your instrument rating. The timeline for this is about 2 to 4 months if you're training full-time. After getting your private pilot's license, the next big step for a careerbound pilot is the instrument rating. This training teaches them how to fly the airplane with reference to instruments alone, meaning that they can safely navigate if there's low visibility or clouds by trusting their cockpit instruments. It's crucial for anyone who wants to be a professional pilot since obviously airlines fly in all weather. Instrument training requires a minimum of 40 hours of instrument flight time. Often, it's a mix of real flight and simulator time. This could be done in a couple of months if done full-time or over several months part-time. Many combine this with the next step. And the next step is your commercial pilot's license. Typically between 6 to 12 months, including the time building period. The commercial pilot certificate is what allows a pilot to start flying for compensation or higher. For example, getting paid to fly. To earn a commercial license, a pilot needs more experience. At least 250 total flight hours under FAA rules if training under part 61. That means after getting a private license at say roughly 60 hours, they need roughly another 190 hours of flying, which is often the longest phase of training. During this time, they might time build by renting planes to fly cross-country trips or splitting time with friends or doing an instructor-led commercial training syllabus that includes some advanced maneuvers and procedures. Some pilots get their multi-engine rating during this phase as well, so they can log the hours in a twin engine aircraft. The timeline here really depends on how they go about it. If enrolled in an academy program, they might have a structured schedule to reach 250 hours and complete commercial training in say six months after instrument. If doing it more gradually, maybe finishing college while flying on weekends, it could take a year or more. By the end of this stage, they'll have a commercial pilot's license, possibly with single engine and multi-engine privileges, and maybe around 250 to 300 total hours of flight experience. Next is the certified flight instructor in the hour building phase. This typically takes about two years. Many new commercial pilots become instructors. Why? Because to get a job at an airline or most other advanced commercial operations, you typically need 1,500 hours of flight experience. That's the requirement for an airline transport pilot certificate. Going from about 250 hours to 1500 hours means gaining 1,250 more hours. Working as a flight instructor is a common way to do that. and someone actually pays them rather than them paying for flight time. Gaining a CFI certificate involves another training course and a check ride. And there are additional instructor ratings like CFI for instrument instructing and MEI for multi-engine. Once they start instructing, how long it takes to build hours depends on how much they fly. A busy full-time instructor might log about 800 hours per year. It took me about 2 years to get from 250 up to,500 hours by instructing full-time. Some people supplement with other flying gigs like towing banners, flying skydive jumpers, etc. So, you're looking at perhaps two years of instructing or other entry-level jobs to reach the magic number of hours for the airlines airline or other projob hiring. The regional airlines, which operates smaller jets, often feeder flights for major airlines, are usually the first stop once a pilot hits the requirements. Typically, you interview for a company somewhere around the,000hour mark so that you can start very close to getting your 1500 hours. That all drastically depends on how the hiring market is at that specific moment. But let's assume about 1500 hours in age 23. That's the age for an unrestricted airline transport pilot. From there, they'll spend a few months in training with the airline, ground school, and simulator for that specific jet, and then start flying as a first officer or co-pilot. After one to two years, they might upgrade to captain at a regional depending on the airlines needs and their experience. Many then after that jump to a major airline, that's your Delta American United or a large cargo airline after accumulating about maybe 3,000 hours in some jet experience. There's a lot of variability. Some may choose corporate aviation at this juncture instead, and we'll talk about that later. So, if we add that up, a fasttrack scenario might look like start at 18, private by 19, commercial and instructor by 20,500 hours by 22, and airline by 23. That's very brisk and assumes full-time dedication. A more spread out scenario could be start at 18, but go to college while training, maybe reach commercial by 22, instruct part-time through college, hit 1500 hours by 25, airline by mid to late 20s. There's no single right path. I know pilots who didn't start until their 30s or later. They took longer but still reached the airlines eventually. There's no upper age limit to start training. You just need to be 16 to solo and 17 to get a license. Beyond that, your age isn't a barrier to training. The point is, becoming a pilot is a multi-stage journey, and each stage has its own time frame. For you as a parent, it helps you know these stages because you can celebrate each one as a victory. First, they'll be excited to get that first license, their private pilot's license. Then, they'll build on it. It's not an all or nothing proposition. Even if someone doesn't go all the way to airline pilot, each certificate they earn is a useful qualification. And if they do aim for the airlines, yes, it's several years of building experience. But the long-term forecast is that this industry really needs pilots. So, opportunities are out there and they should be out there when your kid reaches that point. There's one more thing I want to talk about on the timeline. There are some flight schools that advertise from going zero to commercial pilot in about 9 months. These can work for some people, but you have to dedicate 100% of your time to it, and it is a very intensive pace, but don't worry if your child's path is slower. It's not a race, and sometimes a bit more maturity and life experience can help along the way. The timeline can also be influenced by external factors. Weather delays, availability of instructors or airplanes, passing exams on the first try, needing extra attempts, etc. Flexibility and perseverance are key. As the saying goes, a pilot's license is a certificate of learning, not a certificate of perfection. Everyone moves at their own pace. Cost breakdown. All right, let's talk about the part parents often care about the most, the cost. There's no way around it. Flight training is a huge financial investment. It's often cited as one of the main reasons aspiring pilots give up, but with proper planning and support, it can be managed. I'll break down typical costs in the US, but costs can differ internationally, but the general proportions probably hold. Keep in mind these are rough ballpark ranges. Actual costs depend on the local price of aircraft rentals, fuel, instructors fees, etc. But this should give you a rough idea. Your private pilot's license is roughly going to be 12 to $18,000 in the US. This includes about 50 to 60 hours of flight time at say about $250 an hour plus study materials, test fees, a medical exam, etc. Some do it for less if they finish right at 40 hours, but that's very, very rare. Some pay as high as 18 to 20,000 if you're in a high-cost area or you need more hours, but that 12 to $18,000 is a good estimate for the initial license. Instrument rating approximately $8 to $12,000. This includes your flight time in the plane and/or simulator instructor time and exam fees. It can be on the higher side if done in an expensive aircraft or if more hours are done in the airplane versus the simulator. Often done in the same type of plane as private training. commercial pilot's license, single engine, perhaps 15,000 to 30,000. That's a huge broad range. Why? Well, because a big part of the cost is accumulating flight hours between private and commercial stages. Some people might rent a plane and fly a bunch across countries, which costs money for fuel and aircraft rental. Others might defay costs by sharing time with another pilot. There's a method called time building with a safety pilot where two instrument rated pilots take turns flying and logging time. The actual commercial training, learning commercial maneuvers, etc., isn't super expensive. It's the hour building that adds up. If your child does an integrated program from private to commercial continuously, this cost is going to be bundled in, but ultimately it covers reaching that $250 hour mark. Multi-engine rating about $300 to $5,000. Multi-engine planes cost more per hour, maybe about $300 to sometimes $500 per hour, and typically the rating might be about 10 to 15 hours of training. Not everyone does this immediately after commercial single engine, but if the goal is airlines, they will need it sooner or later. Flight instructor certificate, roughly $5 to $10,000 for your initial CFI exam and a few thousand for each additional instructor rating for CFI and MEI. Sometimes, however, a new commercial pilot gets hired into an instructor internship where the school might offset some of his cost in exchange for a work commitment. So adding all that up, to go from zero to commercial pilot with instructor ratings, you might invest on the order of $50 to $80,000 over the course of one to three years. If a college degree is involved, that's separate. Though some aviation universities roll flight training costs into tuition or fees, it's a huge number. I know it's comparable to paying for a 4-year college education in the US, and many people do both college and flight training, which is an enormous financial undertaking. However, remember this is also an investment in a career, one that at the top levels can be very lucrative. That doesn't make writing the checks any easier, but that's something to keep in mind. Now, a few important points about managing these costs. Pay as you go. Unlike college tuition, you generally don't pay for it all up front. You pay for lessons as you take them, or you might keep an account at the flight school. For example, a student might pay for 5 hours at a time. This means you can spread the expenses out over time. The flip side is it requires some discipline to keep at it and not pause training for too long. Pauses can cost more in the end because of skill atrophy. Some schools offer package deals or flat rate courses. Be cautious and understand what's included. And there's one huge red flag. Don't pay everything upfront to a flight school that could go belly up. You might not get that money back. Financing options. There are loans specifically for flight training. Some large flightmies work with lenders to offer student loans, often requiring a co-signer if the trainee is that young. Interest rates can vary. It's something to research and compare. Think of it like paying for trade school. You might take a loan and then have manageable payments once you're working. Scholarships and grants. There are quite a number of aviation scholarships out there. They may not cover the whole cost, but every bit helps. Organizations like AOPA, EAA, Women in Aviation, the 99s for female aviators, OBAP, which is the organization of black aerospace professionals, and many local aviation clubs, offer scholarships ranging from a few hundred to several thousand. Encourage your child to apply. It often requires writing an essay, getting a reference, etc., which is great experience in itself. I've seen students get a few different small scholarships that together paid for their entire instrument rating. Some airlines have started offering cadet programs or tuition reimbursements. For instance, a regional airline might say if you instructed XYZ Academy, our partner, then come work for us, we'll reimburse you up to 10,000 of training costs or offer different bonuses. The landscape here is always changing, so keep an ear out for such opportunities. Military route. If your child is interested in a military career, that can be a way to have the government pay for your flight training. But of course, that's a very, very different style of commitment and lifestyle. It's not and it's very competitive. It's not a decision to make purely for financial reasons, but it's worth noting as an alternative path. Part-time jobs. Many kids and young adults find a chunk of their training by working. I fueled planes at the local airport. It not only earned me some flight time money, but it got me immersed in aviation world and led to a lot of networking opportunities. Other common jobs are anything flexible that can accommodate flight schedules like waiting tables, retail, Uber, etc. If your kid chips in and even a small portion, they will value their training more. As the parent, you don't have to shoulder it all if it would strain your finances. Having them work for it is not a bad thing. Budgeting and planning. It helps to sit down and budget the first stage clearly. For example, how to get through private pilot. Maybe it's 12,000. Where will that come from? Savings, extra work, family contributions, etc. Once they have a private pilot license, there's a natural pause where many people regroup financially before proceeding to advanced training. Some even take a break to finish college or save up. There's no rule that it must be done continuously. Though continuous is ideal if you can manage it. Just be aware that if you stop for years, they'll have to do refresher training to get back up to speed. To be frank, as a flight instructor, I saw students run out of money mid-training all the time, and it's very tough because I often intend to come back, but life can get in the way. So helping your child honestly assess their financial picture before and during training is a big part of the parent role. If you're committing family funds, treat it as you would any large investment. Set expectations. For example, we can fund this much and we expect you to study hard and not waste lessons. At the same time, try not to put so much pressure that they feel they can't take an extra lesson or two if needed. It's a balance. Finally, keep the endgame in mind. Once they land that first airline job or other pilot job, they're earning potential clims drastically. Regional airline first officers might start around $90,000 a year these days. And within a few years, upgrading to captain or moving to a major can significantly increase that. Captains at a regional are going to be making well into the six figures and major airline pilots are going to make even more than that. So unlike some fields, there is a reasonably high income ceiling that can make the training pay off. I often frame it as, would you pay, say, $70,000 for a degree that leads to a $100,000 job? Many people would. If you're watching this on YouTube, you'll realize that I'm in a completely different set of clothes and it's a different day. It got too dark to continue filming. If you're listening to this on Spotify, you probably didn't even notice a difference. So, all right, let's get back where we left off. In summary, yes, it's expensive, but with smart planning, use of available resources, and an understanding that it's an investment in a career, it can be manageable. Don't be afraid to talk openly about money with your aspiring pilot. I actually encourage students to know the value of each lesson and hopefully that inspires them to come prepared so they don't waste a dime of that precious flight time. Your guidance and financial matters. Your guidance and financial matters might be just as important as your encouragement in the flying itself. Safety and maintenance. It's completely natural for parents to worry about safety. Flying has a bit of a Hollywood aura of danger. And you might be thinking, "Is it really safe for my kid to go up in a little airplane?" Let's address that head-on. Safety is the cornerstone of all flight training. Reputable flight schools and instructors prioritize safety above everything else, above scheduling, above costs, above convenience. In practical terms, what does this mean? For one, training aircraft are maintained under very strict regulations. Planes used for hire, which include flight training rentals, must undergo thorough inspections every 100 hours of flight. as well as an annual inspection every year. That's like taking your car for a tuneup every 3,000 mi. Even more detailed than that, certified aircraft mechanics go through the plane regularly to check the engine, the airframe, controls, instruments, and so on. If anything is not up to standard, the plane is taken out of service until it's fixed. As a parent, you can actually ask the flight school, "How do you maintain your aircraft? Can I see the maintenance records?" They should confidently answer that and not be secretive. A school that is hesitant to discuss their maintenance practices or show logs on request would worry me. The good outfits are proud of their well-maintained fleet. Next, the training itself is conducted step by step to ensure safety. In the very beginning, the instructor handles all takeoffs and landings until the student is ready. Even when the student is flying, the instructor can override decisions. There are always two sets of controls in training aircraft. If the student does something wrong, the instructor can instantly take controls to correct it. And believe me, they do. Instructors have lightning fast reflexes when needed. We also drill emergency procedures. Oh, you lost your engine. What do you do? Over and over so that in the unlikely event that something happens, the students and instructors are very well prepared. Weather. Your child will not be flying in dangerous weather. In fact, a big part of flight training is learning to respect weather and make good decisions. If it's very windy or stormy or visibility is poor, the lesson will be postponed or cancelled. Early on, students only fly in pretty much ideal conditions. Daytime, clear skies, light clouds, gentle winds, and then as they advance, they'll do a bit of controlled exposure. Maybe some nighttime flying, maybe learning on a breezy day, but always well within the safe limits and always with the instructor until they're ready to handle it alone. When a student is released to fly solo, the instructor gives them very specific limits. Stay in the local area, no more than 10 miles out, winds below x amount of knots, and no night flying. It's a very supervised independence. Instructor oversight. Even after students start soloing, every solo flight is authorized. I used to physically check the weather and sign off on my students log book, "All right, okay, you can solo today." before they could take the plane keys. It's like a parent signing a permission slip. There's constant monitoring of their progress and ensuring they're only doing what they're trained and ready to do. Now, you might have heard statistics or talk comparing flying to driving. It's true that general aviation, small planes, flying has a higher accident rate per hour than airline flying or driving. But those stats lump together all sorts of pilots. In training, under professional supervision, the risk is significantly mitigated. Most accidents in small planes involve factors like bad weather or fuel mismanagement. Things that student pilots under good instruction won't be doing on their own. I often reassure parents, I'm probably more concerned about your teenager's drive to the airport on the highway than the flight lesson itself. And I mean it. New drivers are at a far greater statistical risk than supervised new pilots. One area you might worry about is what if the engine fails. It's extremely extremely rare, especially with how rigorous trainers are maintained, but we do train for it. From day one, instructors teach students where to land safely if something goes wrong. We always have an emergency landing field in mind. Modern training airplanes can glide surprisingly well without power. Again, that scenario is very unlikely, but I bring it up to emphasize that nothing is left unressed. We plan for even the remotest contingencies. Maintenance quality goes handinhand with safety. I mentioned asking about maintenance. Also note the condition of the planes when you visit. They might be a bit old. Cessna 172s from the 1970s are still flying trainers today, but age isn't a problem if maintained well. It's like having an old classic car that's been kept in top shape. What you don't want is a plane with obvious neglect, like many things broken or inoperative stickers all over it. A squawk or an issue here or there is normal. But if you consistently see aircraft with a lot of non-working equipment, that indicates a culture that tolerates cutting corners. As an instructor, I personally would not teach in an airplane that I felt was unsafe or not maintained properly. Good schools take pride in their fleet safety record. Another safety aspect, medical fitness. Pilots, including student pilots, must pass a basic medical exam. For a young person, this is usually straightforward. An aviation medical examiner checks things like vision, hearing, overall health, and any conditions that could suddenly incapacitate them. This ensures your child is physically up to the task of flying. If there are any medical concerns, for example, they have a condition or on certain medication, definitely bring that up early because it's better to know in advance if any accommodations or special issuance is needed for their medical certificate. Finally, let's talk mindset. Part of becoming a good pilot is learning a safety mindset. a bit of healthy caution, a respect for the limit. Instructors instill this from day one. We have a saying, there's old pilots and bold pilots, but there's no old bold pilots. The idea is that being methodical and cautious is the way to having a long, safe flying career. You'll hear your child start paring things like, "I'm going through my pre-flight checklist," or, "I didn't fly yesterday because the winds were above my limit." That's when you know it's sinking in. Encourage that. Praise their good judgment. If they decide to delay a flight due to safety, that's a sign of maturity. Bottom line, the goal of flight training is not to expose your child to undo risk. It's to teach them how to manage risk responsibly. Every certified flight instructor out there is not only teaching stick and rudder skills, but also acting as a safety coach. And ultimately, the safety record of flight training, especially in structured programs, is very strong. Your child will be operating under a framework of rules and best practices developed over decades of aviation experience. If you ever have a concern, say your child mentioned something that didn't sound right, have a conversation with them or even the instructor with them. Good communication helps everyone stay safe. I won't say there's zero risk. Millions of flight hours are flown by student pilots every year with instructors by their side. Building the next generation of safe pilots. Your child's dream is achievable and can be pursued in a safe manner. We'll make sure of it. Career pathways. Right? Your kid wants to be a pilot, but what kind of pilot might they become? There are more career pathways in aviation than you might realize. Let's explore a few so you know what the end goal might look like and it's okay if your child hasn't figured this out yet. Many student pilots just know they love flying and figure out the specific career later on. Airline pilot, commercial airline. This is definitely the most popular image. Your son or daughter eventually flying big airliners full of passengers wearing the uniform with the captain stripes. It's a great goal. Airline pilots typically start at regional airlines, smaller jets, shorter routes, and then progress to major airlines like Delta or United. The lifestyle involves a lot of travel. They might be away for a few days at a time, but also offers travel benefits and a very good income at the senior levels. If your child is talking about flying for the airlines, they're envisioning this path. The major airline pilot shortage in the recent years means that opportunities over the long term are going to be in abundance. and in the coming decades as many senior pilots retire. So, it's actually a promising time to aim for this. Cargo pilots, similar to airlines, but carrying freight instead of passengers. Think FedEx, UPS, DHL, or other cargo companies. They fly big planes, too. FedEx and UPS pilots fly everything from 767s to MD11s and 747s. Schedules can be different, often overnight flights because packages don't mind redeye flights. The pay and career progression are very much on par with passenger airlines. In many cases, some pilots prefer it. No passengers to deal with, a bit less public spotlight. Next, corporate or business aviation. There are the pilots who fly private jets or business jets for corporations or high netw worth individuals. For example, a large company might have two jets in a flight department to carry their executives around. Or an owner of a private jet hires a pilot to fly their family on trips. These jobs can be very well- paid and often have a lot of variety in destinations. The work schedule might be less predictable on call travel needs, though some have more routine. Example, like a fractional ownership company like NetJets, where pilots have a set schedule. Corporate pilots often enjoy nicer airports and staying in upscale places when they travel, but they also may do more than just fly. They often arrange handling, flight arranging, catering, etc. Especially in a small flight department and flight instructor. Some pilots find they love teaching and they stick with it for the long term. They might become a senior instructor, run a flight school, or become a professor of aviation at a university. While many use instructing as a stepping stone, it can be a fulfilling career on its own. You're home every night. You get to introduce people to aviation, and there's a real pride in shaping new pilots. In the current climate, being a career instructor is actually very valued. With the long-term pilot shortage, we need good instructors. And some are making better money than before due to demand. Military pilot. If your child is interested in serving, becoming a military aviator is another route. They'd have to qualify for military training, which is very competitive, and then commit a number of years to service. The military will give them top-notch training, maybe in fast jets, helicopter, transports, etc., depending on their path. After service, many transition to airlines or other civilian jobs. It's a very different lifestyle and process and doesn't cost money out of pocket. The military pays them to train. It also usually requires at least a college degree and meeting stricter medical and age criteria. It's not for everyone, but I mention it because some parents wonder, should we try for the Air Force? It's one option with its own pros and cons. Other commercial aviation, there are a lot of smaller commercial operations. charter flights, air taxis, bush flying, aerial tourism, firefighting, medical evacuation, agriculture spraying, crop dusters, etc. For example, in Alaska, many pilots fly small planes on supply runs or take fishermen to remote spots. In coastal cities, there are sea plane pilots. There are pilots who fly banners over beaches, tow gliders, or do aerial photography flights. Some of these can be stepping stones to larger jobs or a fun career in themselves. They often require the same commercial pilot qualifications, just a different kind of flying. These jobs might appeal if your child likes variety and maybe a bit of adventure beyond the structured airline world. Now, how to get there? If your child's ultimate goal is airlines, as it is for many, the common pathway we described, training, then instruct, then regional airline, then major airline is the way. If they lean towards corporate, they might aim to get on with a charter company or corporate flight department after some experience. Sometimes regionals first, then corporate, or directly corporate after instructing. Networking is the key here. For cargo, it's similar to airlines. Some start at regionals, then jump to cargo airlines. Others might get on with smaller cargo ops, like flying FedEx feeder routes in a turbo prop, and then move up. One question you might have is, what about college? Should they get a degree or just focus on flying? This is a very important discussion and one that changes very frequently. As of now, major airlines in the US have dropped the requirement for a 4-year degree. It used to be a official requirement for the big carriers. Now, it's not strictly required. However, many pilots still get one, and it can be useful for career flexibility in life in general. If your child can manage doing both college and flight training concurrently or getting a degree after they get their ratings, that's ideal. Some go to universities that have aviation programs that can streamline the process. Earn a bachelor's in aviation, get your licenses and ratings during the program. The downsides are cost. Aviation degrees are very expensive, and putting all of your eggs in one basket. What if they lose their medical at 35 and have no other degree or skill? That's why a degree or backup is nice. Another approach, get a degree in something completely different, engineering, business, anything, while flying on the side, so they have a fallback but still build flight time. There's also the consideration that college grads can get a restricted ATP at 1,000 hours if from an approved aviation program or 1250 with some aviation programs instead of the full 1500 hours. A slight shortcut to the airline for those who go through certain schools. I'd say involve your child in weighing in these options. At 16 or 17, they might be all about flying and be thinking college, you don't need that. But as a parent, you know the value of education. Maybe compromise. Encourage college, but perhaps at a place they can also fly or as an online program while instructing. There are flexible paths. If finances are a concern, sometimes going the professional pilot route quickly and then using their income to fund finishing a degree later works, too. That's personally what I plan on doing. There's no single formula, but do consider long-term resilience. Injury or medical issues can end a flying career, and having a degree or other skill can be a safety net. Lastly, I want to point out an intangible. Being a pilot, whether airline or any pathway, is more than just a job. It becomes a big part of one's identity and community. Your child will be joining a fraternity or sorority of aviators. Essentially, they'll have opportunities to travel, to continuously learn new aircraft, new technologies, and maybe to move into related fields later. Training, management, aviation, business if they want. It's a dynamic industry. I encourage you to learn about the different paths together with your kid. If possible, attend an aviation career seminar or a local air show. Talking to various pilots can open eyes to, I didn't even know that job existed. For instance, I know of somebody who became an air ambulance pilot flying a helicopter. He loved it because he felt like a lifesaver and he's home every night in a small town. Another story is a girl found her calling flying water bombers, firefighting wildfires each summer, then doing charter flying in the offse. There are many fulfilling ways to be a pilot. The good news is whether they choose airlines, corporate cargo, or any other path, the foundational training is the same at first. They don't have to decide right now. The key now is to get started, get the exposure, and they can refine their goals as they progress. And you, as a parent, will likely learn a lot about the world along the way, which means you'll be better equipped to guide them when opportunities arise. How parents can support their child. Your kid might be the one up in the air, but your role on the ground is so incredibly important. I've seen firsthand as an instructor how a parent support or lack thereof can make or break a student's success in flight training. So, let's talk about how you can support your aspiring pilot. Be supportive and take it seriously. I know this sounds basic, but it matters. Show interest in their flying. Ask them to explain what they learned after a lesson. Not only will that help reinforce their learning, you'll also signal that you care about their progress. Even if you don't share their aviation enthusiasm, acknowledge that this is a positive, constructive passion they're pursuing. A teenager learning to fly isn't just learning to fly. They're learning discipline, responsibility, and focus. That's something to be proud of. Celebrate their milestones with them. Their first solo flight, maybe a special dinner, even just a heartfelt, "Wow, I'm so proud of you," goes a long way. Your enthusiasm will boost their confidence. Help them find a mentor or community. Perhaps you know someone who's a pilot, or maybe there's a local pilots association or an experimental aircraft association chapter nearby. Connecting your child with experienced pilots is golden. A mentor can provide advice, answer dumb questions they might be afraid to ask others, and open doors to opportunities. I've seen mentors help students get rides in different aircraft, find scholarships, or get introductions for jobs later. Even if you don't personally know a pilot, consider reaching out to the local airport. Many have flying clubs or just regular people hanging around who would love to talk to young people interested in aviation. The aviation community is generally very welcoming to newcomers. Get involved in the flight school selection and monitor their training environment. This doesn't mean micromanage, but do be an informed consumer. When choosing a flight school or instructor, ask it questions alongside your child. For example, is there a set syllabus or curriculum? How are instructors assigned? Will my kid have one primary instructor? What's the typical time and cost to get a private pilot's license here? Can we meet the chief flight instructor and tour the facility? Your involvement shows the school and instructor that there's a supportive parent in the loop, which is usually welcome. Once training is underway, occasionally check in. Do you feel good with your instructor? Do you feel safe? Are you comfortable with how things are progressing? If something concerns you, like if your child says, "We keep canceling lessons because the plane is always down for maintenance, or instructor so- and so often just doesn't show up or they show up late, you can help address it." Basically, be their advocate if needed, especially if they're young or shy about speaking up. It's similar to being involved in their education at school. You don't do the homework for them, but you keep an eye on whether the school is doing its job. Understand the commitment and help balance it. Learning to fly is timeconuming and can be mentally draining at times. If your child is juggling high school or college and flight training, they'll need good time management. You can support by helping them create a realistic schedule. Maybe Saturday mornings are for flying, Sunday afternoons are for study, weekdays are for school. If they're approaching a big test like the FA written or the check ride, they might need extra study time. Perhaps excuse them from some chores temporarily or help quiz them with flashcards. Also, ensure they're taking care of their health. Proper sleep and nutrition are essential. Nobody does well flying a lesson after pulling an all night or studying for something else. As a parent, simply remind them to get a good night's rest before your lesson. Or making them a hearty breakfast can be a form of support. It shows you know this is a serious endeavor that deserves preparation, financial guidance, and involvement. We discussed costs already you can support by helping manage the money side smartly. This might be as simple as helping them track their flight training expenses in a spreadsheet so everyone is aware of where the money is going and how quickly if you are funding it and how quickly. If you are funding it, involve them in the budget. For instance, we've got X amount of dollars for your private training. Let's see how we're doing after each month. This isn't to stress them, but to teach financial accountability. On the flip side, if they are contributing or taking loans, you can help them understand interest rates or terms, cosign if you need to, etc. I've seen family arrangements like matching programs. We'll pay half if you pay half, which this can motivate the students to work part-time or apply for scholarships to cover their share. Do what fits your family, but keep communication open about money so there are no nasty surprises. Emotional support. Be the cheerleader and the shoulder. Flight training, like any training, has its ups and downs. One week they're elated. They nailed all their landings. Woohoo. The next week they might be defeated. Perhaps they had a scare or struggled with a new concept like radio communication. Rough patches are where parents can make a huge difference. Encourage them when they doubt themselves. A common scenario, a student hits a plateau, maybe struggling to consistently land well, and starts feeling like maybe I'm not cut out for this. This is when a parent saying, "Hey, you're doing something super hard and it's normal to struggle. I believe in you and your instructor does too. Stick with it." This can keep them going. Remind them of how far they've come. For example, 2 months ago, you had never even been in a small plane and now you're talking about complex maneuvers. That's progress. Help them keep perspective. The statistic is often quoted that 80% of student pilots quit before getting their license. And a lot of that is due to frustration or feeling unsupported. With you in their corner, your child will have a much better chance of being in the successful 20%. Set boundaries and contingencies. Support doesn't mean blind indulgence. It's okay, even good, to set expectations. For example, you might say, "We're okay with you taking one afternoon a week to go to the airport, but your grades in school can't slip." Or, "We will fund you through your first solo, but you need to be giving it your best effort and studying hard. If we sense you're not taking it seriously, we'll need to pause." It's fair to have these adult conversations because flying is an adult responsibility. I've had to tell a student who was slacking, I think we should slow down until you're ready to commit. Sometimes that push needs to come from the parent paying the bill. Conversely, if they're overcommitting, like neglecting everything else, you might need to help them find balance. It's all part of guiding them. Join in the experience if you want. Some parents actually get involved by taking an introductory flight themselves or flying along on a lesson or two with the instructor's permission. This is sometimes possible on like cross-country flights. If you're open to it, experiencing a flight from the passenger seat of the small plane can be very eye opening. You'll see what it's like up there and probably gain appreciation for what they're learning. At minimum, visit the airport with them occasionally. Watch their takeoffs and landings if you can. It's kind of like going to their soccer games. Being there, even on the sidelines, means a lot. In summary, being the parent of a student pilot might involve being a bit of a coach, cheerleader, manager, and safety net all at once. You don't have to know anything about flying to be effective in these roles. Just keep the communication open. Ask them to explain things to you, even if you secretly find it all like it's Greek. It helps them learn when they teach you. Keep an eye on their well-being, mental and physical, as they train. And remind them of the dream they're chasing. There might be days they lose sight of the long-term goal and you can gently refocus them. Remember how much you love flying. It's tough now, but imagine when you're taking us on vacation flight someday as the pilot. I still remember my mom saying when I was buried in books studying for the exam, "I can't wait for your flight benefits one day." Actually, she still tells me that to this day. That simple sentence lit, it's a fire in you to push through the hard stuff. You're not just allowing this journey. You're a part of it. And one day when your child is a licensed pilot, they're going to remember that you were a crucial part of their flight training. Let's tackle some common myths. The world of aviation comes with its fair share of myths and misconceptions. Let's clear up some of the common ones that often concern parents and students. You might have heard some of these or just have these assumptions. It's important to separate the myth from the reality. Myth: You need perfect vision to be a pilot. Reality generally do not need 2020 eyesight. Glasses or contacts are acceptable. Pilots just need their vision to be corrected to 2020 or 2040 depending on the class of medical. 2040 for private, 2020 for airline pilots. Many airline pilots wear glasses. Only extreme vision problems that can't be corrected would disqualify someone. So, if your child wears glasses, that's usually not an issue. They'll just have a limitation on their medical. Saying something like they must wear corrective lenses when flying, just like on a driver's license. Myth: Pilots have to be math geniuses or physics wizards. Reality. While it's true that aviation involves some math and science, it's mostly very basic arithmetic and basic physics concepts that you are taught during training. You don't need to be a calculus expert or have an advanced physics degree. For example, they'll use math to calculate fuel burn distances or weight and balance. But this is often plugging numbers into simple formulas, and many even use electronic flight computers nowadays. If your child can handle high school algebra and read graphs, they can handle the academics of flight training. It does require studying and understanding new concepts like how lift works or how to interpret weather charts, but it's a very learnable skill. I've taught students from all sorts of education backgrounds. The successful ones are not those who aced AP physics, but those who are determined, disciplined, and willing to study. So, don't let I'm not a math person scare anyone off from flying. Myth: Flying is dangerous, especially for a young, inexperienced person. Reality. We addressed safety in depth earlier, but to reiterate, flight training is as safe as we can possibly make it. It's true that there is an inherent risk in aviation, just as there is in driving or in sports, etc., but your child will be operating under the guidance of professionals and within strict safety margins. When done responsibly, flying a small plane is a very calculated activity, not a reckless daredevil stunt. Statistically, general aviation has more risk than airline flying. But during training, the risks are mitigated by instructor supervision and a phased approach to solo flying. Think of it this way. Thousands of students solo and get their pilot's license each year uneventfully. The incidents that do happen often come from people venturing outside their training or pushing their limits, which a student under instructor oversight simply won't be doing. As a parent, the best way to ensure safety is exactly what you're doing. Learning about it, choosing a good school, and encouraging good habits. So, yes, there's risk, but it's managed risk. We don't let fear control us. We respect it and use it to stay sharp and safe. Myth: You have to be rich to become a pilot. Reality. It's true that flight training is expensive. We talk numbers already, but you don't have to be a millionaire or have a trust fund. Plenty of pilots come from middle class or even very humble backgrounds. There are lots of ways to make it work financially. Savings, loans, working during training, scholarships, etc. Many families budget for it like they would for college. Additionally, there are aviation programs in some high schools or community colleges that can lower cost in military or cadet pathways that can offset cost. So, while money is a hurdle, it's not an impenetrable barrier for those who are resourceful and determined. With the current demand for pilots, there are even airlines and companies offering tuition reimbursement. Bottom line, if your child has the talent and drive, there are ways to overcome the financial challenge. It shouldn't be dismissed as only for the rich. It might require sacrifice, but it's an investment that can pay off big time. Pilots need a college degree or military experience to get hired. Reality: This used to be more true in the past, but times have drastically changed. Civilian trained pilots, meaning no military background, are now the majority of airline new hires. It's absolutely possible to go from civilian flight training to airline pilot without military service. As for college, many major airlines have dropped the requirement of a 4-year degree. It can still be a plus, and it's often encouraged, but it's not officially mandatory. Regional airlines do not require a degree at all. So, if your child isn't interested in college, they can still pursue this career. Though, as we discussed, having a degree is a good backup plan. There are also two-year degrees in aviation that incorporate flight training, which is another option. In short, neither the military nor a university diploma is a must for becoming a pilot. Those are just two among many pathways. Myth: Piloting is an unstable career. Airlines furlow pilots all the time. Or what if automation replaces pilots? Reality. The aviation industry like any has cycles. It's true that after 9/11 or during the 2020 pandemic, airlines furled meaning temporarily laid off pilots. However, historically, pilots have been in demand, and the career tends to be stable over the long term, especially if you make it to a major airline. Right now, over the long term, there's a well-known pilot shortage as baby boomer pilots retire at 65 and too few trained in the last decade to replace them. This shortage is projected to continue for many years, which means that high demand, good job security, and rising salaries. As for automation, yes, autopilots are very advanced, but airplanes absolutely still need human pilots and will for the foreseeable future. Every time a tech bro says planes will fly themselves, a new real world situation comes up that chills the need for human decision-making. Be it handling an emergency or just the complexities of weather and air traffic. Drones and remote operations are growing in niche areas, but nobody is talking about single pilot or pilotless airliners in any serious way for the next few decades. And even if it happens, it'll start with cargo. So, I wouldn't worry about your child's career becoming obsolete overnight. Myth: Becoming a pilot means you're never home and can't have a normal family life. Reality: Pilots travel as part of their job. Yes, but it's not like they live out of a suitcase 365 days a year. Schedules vary. A junior airline pilot might go do 3 to 4 day trips and then have a few days off, while a senior pilot might choose schedules that get them home every night, like flying out and back. Many airlines also have options like commuting, living in one city and flying out of another, which can be very tough but manageable with planning, or bid lines that can be optimized for more time off in a block. I know plenty of pilots who make all their kids important events. They just bid their schedules around them. It might mean missing some birthdays or holidays early in their career, but they often can swap or trade to make things work. Additionally, not all pilot jobs are airlines. A corporate pilot might be home most of the week and then only fly when needed. A flight instructor is typically home every night. So, yes, this job requires understanding from the family about travel and odd hours, but it's not true that pilots can't have families. In fact, many airlines are improving quality of life and offering more predictable schedules because they know it helps retain pilots. So, if that's a concern, will my kid ever settle down if they're a pilot? Rest assured, it's quite possible to have a very normal family life just with a somewhat non-traditional work schedule. Those are some of the big ones. If you and your child encounter other claims like pilots have to retire by 50, not true at 65 and by law on the airlines and you and you can fly general aviation as long as you're healthy or only men can be pilots. Very not true. Women are pilots too and actively encouraged today or pilots make no money starting out. Historically, that is true, but it's improved a lot in the last few years. Feel free to fact check them with credible sources or ask someone in the industry. There are a lot of old tales out there. So, always consider the source. The bottom line is don't let myths scare your child or you away. If this is their passion, the path to becoming a pilot is more accessible and inclusive today than ever. And you're doing exactly the right thing by educating yourself. That way, when someone at a dinner party says, "Oh, I heard small planes just drop out of the sky." you can confidently respond with the facts and perhaps a bit of an eye roll and correct them. Red flags when choosing a flight school. Choosing a flight school or training program is a big deal. Not all flight schools are created equal. Some are fantastic and will set your child up for success. Others, well, let's just say I've heard some horror stories of wasted money and very bad experiences. As a parent, you can bring your consumer savvy to the table and help spot any red flags. Here are some things to watch out for. Number one, pricing information is unclear or not provided upfront. If a school's website or staff won't give you a straight answer about lesson rates, aircraft rentals, costs, or estimated totals for a license, be cautious. Training is expensive, yes, but it shouldn't be a mystery. A reputable school will typically have a rate sheet and even a rough course estimate. If they dance around the topic and say, "We'll figure that out as we go." That's a huge red flag. They might be hiding the true cost or plan to nickel and dime you later. Transparency is key. you deserve to know what you're getting into financially. Number two, mandatory large upfront payments for enrollment. Some flight schools offer package deals where you prepay a chunk or even the whole training for a slight discount. That's not inherently bad, but be very wary of any school that requires a huge sum up front with no proven track record. Sadly, there have been cases of students paying $50,000 upfront to an academy that then shuts down, leaving them with no refund. If a school insists you must pay in advance for 50 hours or your whole private pilot cost before you even start, I'd consider that a red flag. At the very least, research the heck out of the school's reputation and see if they have refund policies. In general, pay as you go or small increments are safer. Never feel pressured to fork over all the money at once. Once they have your money, their incentive to keep you happy can diminish. Number three, unreasonable cancellation or refund policies. Ask them about their cancellation policy for lessons. Most places have something like if you cancel within 24 hours, you might be charged an hour of the instructor's time. That's to prevent no shows, and that's fine. That's pretty standard. But if you see something crazy like any canceled lesson incurs a $300 fee, or they charge you for weather cancellations or maintenance cancellations that aren't the student's fault, that's a big red flag. Or if they make refunds nearly impossible, like if you decide to leave, they won't refund any used money in your account. You want fairness. A policy that's overly punitive or doesn't allow for unavoidable issues is not studentfriendly. Number four, odd or overly restrictive contract clauses. This is a very niche one, but read any training agreement carefully. There have been some absurd clauses out there like finding students for minor infractions or forbidding them from training elsewhere. One story that came up was a school that had a clause prohibiting students from taking pictures on the ramp and threatened fin. That kind of weird secrecy or legal intimidation is a huge red flag. Another example is the contract says no refunds under any circumstances or we guarantee you a job if you sign this but with lots of strings attached. Approach with caution. Legit schools don't need bizarre clauses. They operate on trust in good service. Number five, lack of structured syllabus or training plan. When you talk to the school or instructor, ask them, "Do you follow a syllabus or curriculum for training?" They should say yes and ideally show it to you. Many use FA or commercially published syllabi. If they hem and haw like, oh, we just tailor it and as we go, no fix syllabus, that can lead to disorganization. Each instructor doing their own thing without a plan can mean gaps in training or inefficiency. Consistency is key. This doesn't mean training can't be flexible, but there should be goals and lessons outlined. A red flag is if each lesson seems random or the instructor isn't recording progress in some way. You want to see that they have a sense of phase. Number one, pre-olo training. Number two, solo, cross country, etc. Many schools even give students a training record binder or online portal to track progress. High turnover or disinterested instructors. It's true that flight instructing is often a transient job. Instructors move on to the airlines, but you can get a feel if an instructor has five students and can't remember your kid's name by lesson three, or they seem to be in a rush always. Not good. Also, if a school has burned through four chief instructors in a year, something's up. During your visit, maybe ask the instructors how long they've been there. A place that churns through instructors might have management or pay issues. Additionally, consistency is important. Your child should primarily fly with one instructor or a set small team. If a school switches the student to whoever is free each time, random instructor assignment assignment every lesson, that's not ideal and can hinder learning. It's a sign they may value squeezing every dollar keeping planes flying non-stop over tailored teaching. Small schools might only have two to three instructors, which is fine. Big ones might have dozens, but usually still assign a primary CFI to each student. Poor condition of aircraft or secretive maintenance practices. We touched on this in safety, but as a red flag, if you tour the facility and see planes with obvious issues not being addressed or the place just looks like a junkyard, run away. Also ask, "What's your policy on maintenance squawks? How quickly are they addressed?" If they waffle or say, "Well, we try to defer things as long as possible to keep the cost down." That's bad. If they won't let you see a plane up close, or maintenance logs when asked politely, that's suspicious. You don't need to audit them, but a good school will be transparent about their emphasis on maintenance. Clean, well-ared for airplanes. They don't have to be new, but they should be obviously airworthy at if every plane you peek at has multiple inoperative stickers on key instruments or, I don't know, duct tape on control yolks, not a good sign. This isn't a used car lot, safety is non-negotiable, overemphasis on sales and marketing speak. If the school's rep or website is all about flashy promises, become an airline pilot guaranteed, and we're the number one pilot factory with the newest fleet, but they won't directly answer your detailed questions. Watch out. A solid school lets results and reputation speak more than marketing. They should be proud, yes, but not making pie in the sky guarantees. Also, if they push you to sign up now, prices will rise. Reserve your spot with a deposit today and you're not ready. That pressure is a mini red flag. Legit programs will welcome you when you're ready and not use high pressure sales tactics. No reviews or bad reviews. Do your homework. In this internet age, take advantage of it. Look up reviews of the flight school or academy. Keep in mind one or two disgruntled voices might not tell the whole story, but look for patterns. If multiple people mention issues with billing or unsafe practices, steer clear. If you can't find anything about them and it's not a brand new school, that's odd, too. Ask on aviation forums or local pilot communities, "What do you think of XYZ Flight School?" Pilots tend to be very honest in their opinions. I've seen people get steered away from sketchy operations by simply asking around. Conversely, if a school has a great reputation, you'll hear that, too. I know that's a lot to consider. Don't be overwhelmed. Once you find a good match, you'll know. The instructors will be welcoming, the planes will be ready, the business side handled professionally, your child will feel comfortable and excited to train there. It's just like choosing a college or even a good driving school. You do a bit of research, trust your gut, and make the best choice you can. And remember, if you start at one place and things change or feel off, it is okay to switch flight schools or instructors. It might cost a little extra time to get a new instructor up to speed, but in the long run, it's worth it to be in the right training environment. I've taken transfer students who came from a bad situation elsewhere. It's like a breath of fresh air for them to realize not everywhere is like that. So keep these red flags in mind, but once you commit, give the school and instructor a chance and reassess if needed after a few months. You've got this. All right, my final advice to you. As we wrap up, I want to speak to you instructor to parent. Watching your child pursue flight training is going to be an adventure for both of you. You'll feel pride, you'll feel anxiety, and you'll feel maybe a lighter wallet, but hopefully you'll also feel joy seeing them move toward a dream. Number one, keep the big picture in mind. There will be day-to-day challenges, a failed written test, a bad weather week where no lessons happened. Maybe an instructor change mid-training, etc. These can be frustrating in the moment. Help your child see them as temporary bumps, not permanent roadblocks. The journey to becoming a pilot is a marathon, not a sprint. Encourage resilience. Sometimes a student might want to quit after a setback. That's when your voice says, "Hey, remember why you started. This is what you've always wanted." Take a breath, maybe a short break, and then let's tackle it again. Final piece of advice number two, enjoy the journey. It's not all serious. There will be fun, lots of fun. Encourage your child to relish the cool moments. The first time they fly an airplane by themselves, the first time they take you or friend up after getting licensed, maybe flying to a pancake breakfast at a rural airport. Those are memories that last a lifetime. You being part of it will make it even sweeter. I have a picture of me and my dad on my phone on the first time that I took him flying after getting my license. I, as a newly minted private pilot, him is my passenger. The smile on his face was just as big as mine. I want you to have a moment like this with your child. It's worth all the studying and dollars in sweaty palms. Number three, network and seek advice. You've done great by watching this video and educating yourself. Don't stop here. The aviation world has a lot of resources for parents of young pilots. There are online communities. Local pilot groups. Even school counselors might know of aviation programs. Plug into those. Other parents who've been through it can offer tips. Oh, XYZ scholarship is great. Apply for that. Or, oh, we call pulled to the airport together. You don't have to do this alone. Number four, trust the process. Once you've done your due diligence, pick a good school, ensured the instructor is a good fit. Try to relax a bit and trust them. It's like sending your kid to driving school or off to college. You equip them, then you let them actually do it. Hovering beyond a point, can impede their growth. Aviation, perhaps more than many pursuits, instills responsibility. You'll likely see your child mature and grow as they advance in training. It's truly impressive. That timid student who was nervous to key the mic and talk to air traffic control will turn into a confident pilot who makes decisions and problem solves in real time. Let them blossom in that. Be there to catch them if they stumble, but also give them room to prove themselves. It's a delicate balance, I know. Lastly, I want to say congratulations. Really, if your child has discovered a passion and is going for it, that's something to celebrate. A lot of young people drift without direction. Yours has pointed at the sky and said that that's where I want to go. How incredible is that? Your support can help them turn this dream into a reality. Pilots often credit someone in their life, an encouraging parent, a supportive spouse, a mentor as a key factor in their success. You have the opportunity to be that person for your son or daughter. It might not always be easy. We've talked about plenty of challenges, but it will be rewarding. One day, maybe a few years from now, you might be sitting on a commercial flight and hear your kid's voice come over the PA. Hello everyone, this is Captain Blank speaking up from the flight deck and you'll remember when they were a kid with a crazy dream. Or maybe you'll just be at their flight school graduation or at the airport when they do a solo cross country flight to visit grandma. Big or small, these moments will make you burst with pride. Thank you for taking the time to arm yourself with knowledge and for being there for your future pilot. If you have any questions that I didn't cover, please reach out and drop a comment. I'm happy to help clarify. After all, it takes a village to bring up a pilot and to make a pilot. It does. All right, blue skies and tailwinds to you and your child's aviation journey. Your support is the wind beneath their wings. As cheesy as that sounds, it's true. Enjoy the ride, and who knows, maybe I'll see you out at the airport someday, proudly watching your kid pre-flight an airplane. Until then, take care, fly safe, and I'll see you next

  Top Comments:
  1. @sattara9867 [3 likes]: Should I got to a 4yr college or work with my associate degree while flight training because I heard it’s VERY possible for you to fail a med cert and also don’t you need a BA in some places? But if I go to college I have to put my flight dreams on hold till after. What do I do?
  2. @MaxBoom-n3r: My parents yelled at me and told me I would die if I became a pilot. They made me do engineering instead and now I hate my life because there are no engineering jobs thanks to foreigners. Game over. Life is a sick joke.
  3. @Parkers3: This was very informative! Clear, precise, and well spoken! Easy to listen too, and gave us insight on what to do. Thanks!
  4. @Swaaheeeheee: Are there scholarships available?
  5. @iffyfpv: You might want to remove the part at 27:08 ... @HaydenTeteak

- What Does a Pilot Really Do? | Facts About Pilots for Kids | A Day In The Life Of A Pilot | Kids: Kind: captions Language: en What do pilots do? By Big Questions Quest. A pilot flies airplanes from one place to another. A pilot checks the weather before every flight. A pilot studies the flight plan before takeoff. A pilot inspects the aircraft to make sure it is safe. A pilot checks the fuel levels before flying. A pilot talks to air traffic control for instructions. A pilot monitors all flight instruments during the trip. A pilot takes off the plane safely from the runway. A pilot keeps the plane steady in the air. A pilot navigates using maps and onboard systems. A pilot adjusts the altitude to avoid bad weather. A pilot communicates with co-pilots and crew members. A pilot makes sure passengers feel safe during the flight. A pilot uses autopilot to help fly long distances. A pilot watches for other aircraft in the sky. A pilot plans emergency routes for safety. A pilot knows how to land in different weather conditions. A pilot controls the speed of the airplane. A pilot makes sure the aircraft follows its route. A pilot keeps calm during unexpected situations. A pilot can fly at night using instruments. A pilot checks the engines while flying. A pilot listens for updates from air traffic control. A pilot helps guide the plane through turbulence. A pilot follows aviation laws and safety rules. A pilot can fly both big planes and small planes. A pilot attends regular training to stay skilled. A pilot can use radar to track weather systems. A pilot calculates how much fuel is needed. A pilot knows how to use navigation satellites. A pilot can land on short runways if needed. A pilot studies maps for air routes. A pilot avoids restricted airspaces. A pilot uses special lights to land at night. A pilot checks the landing gear before landing. A pilot makes announcements to passengers. A pilot wears a headset to communicate clearly. A pilot knows how to handle emergency landings. A pilot works with a co-pilot to share tasks. A pilot helps load the flight computer before takeoff. A pilot makes sure cargo is balanced in the plane. A pilot tests the brakes before taking off. A pilot reviews the emergency equipment on board. A pilot times the departure and arrival schedules. A pilot works in the cockpit for the whole flight. A pilot wears a uniform with flight wings. A pilot knows the rules of different airports. A pilot reports any technical problems after landing. A pilot fills out flight logs for records. A pilot knows how to conserve fuel during flight. A pilot follows signals given by ground crews. A pilot can switch to manual control if needed. A pilot makes sure the cabin stays at the right pressure. A pilot uses checklist for every flight step. A pilot listens to weather forecast for the route. A pilot can divert the flight if there is danger. A pilot uses instruments to fly in fog or storms. A pilot can land safely without visibility. A pilot knows how to handle a bird strike. A pilot flies over oceans using long range systems. A pilot calculates the best altitude for efficiency. A pilot avoids flying through dangerous storms. A pilot works long hours on international flights. A pilot rests between flights to stay alert. A pilot studies new aircraft systems when needed. A pilot keeps up with new aviation technology. A pilot flies according to strict schedules. A pilot takes commands from air traffic towers. A pilot knows how to change course quickly. A pilot monitors the fuel burn rate during the trip. A pilot practices emergency drills often. A pilot can glide the plane if engines fail. A pilot uses radio signals to navigate. A pilot talks to other pilots to avoid collisions. A pilot handles takeoffs and landings carefully. A pilot can adjust the cabin temperature for comfort. A pilot informs the crew about turbulence. A pilot can reroute if airports are closed. A pilot ensures the plane is secure before shutdown. A pilot completes safety reports after each flight. A pilot follows airline policies and procedures. A pilot uses hand controls and foot pedals to steer. A pilot can taxi the plane to the runway. A pilot keeps learning new skills to stay licensed. A pilot makes sure every flag is as safe as possible. Stay curious and keep learning fun facts. See you next time. Big questions quest.

- Is Your Child Dreaming of Being a Pilot? What Can You Do As a Parent?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Is your child showing a keen interest in aviation? Do they dream about becoming a pilot? They're spending countless hours in their flight simulator at home. You're watching the right video. I am Julian. An airline pilot sees him. Flight instructor and the founder of Aviator NYC. We are here to provide you with some solid advice on how to nurture your child's passion for aviation and this course, a number of benefits that come with it, even if they decide not to pursue a career as a pilot in the future. Let's get one thing straight. The lessons at Aviator NYC are in video games. They are real lesson tailored for kids. Children can start expressing their interest at aviation at any age, but the journey to become a pilot has certain milestones. The first milestone is to fly solo, which can be achieved at the age of 16 on regular single engine aircraft or 15 in gliders. The next milestone is getting a private pilot's certificate at the age of 17 in single engine airplanes or 16 for gliders. What if your child is below 13 and thats where flight simulator could work wonders for them Keeping their interest alive without overwhelming them with the information? And if they're 13 or older, a two hour session would be more beneficial. We bridge that gap for those under 16 by offering flight simulator lessons, which are just like actual flight lessons but in a safe and controlled environment. This lays a strong foundation in aviation for your children. However, there comes a point where too many flight simulator lessons can start feeling like a video game. That is when there's going to be time for the real airplane. This ensures that simulator remains a training tool rather than a video game. Depending on your preference and financial means, you might choose between a reliable Cessna 172 that has been in service since 1955, or a more modern, more expensive, serious aircraft that has a parachute. There are also a variety of programs and resources such as Young Eagles program by EAA and Civil Air Patrol Cadet program that might interest your child. Check the video description for Link. The perks of exploring aviation Go beyond learning how to fly. The journey can help your child Developing portant skills like communication, studying habits, dedication, passion and ownership. It can even spark interest in other fields like engineering, law and entrepreneurship. Are you interested in helping your child take the next step in their aviation journey? We're more than happy to provide a phone consultation. Or better yet, why not book a lesson in our flight simulator in Manhattan? It's a fantastic way for your child to explore aviation firsthand. Visit our website. Www.aviator.NYC. For more details.

  Top Comments:
  1. @emiliafrancis4424: ❤️ 'Promosm'

- Pilot Life Layover | HONEST Pilot Lifestyle and Family Life: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone on this episode of layovers with captain maddie mo we are headed to our nation's capital washington d.c on this episode of layovers we are taking off from phoenix arizona and headed to washington dc so buckle up sit back relax and enjoy the ride good morning everybody it is bright and early here in phoenix i just got a call about two hours ago i'm on reserve this month so that basically means a two hour call out you really don't know where you're going until you get the call but fortunately for me washington dc doesn't seem too bad today two legs there through nashville and the weather looks like it'll be decent this afternoon so stay tuned and we'll head to our nation's capital after a few hours of flying and a stop in nashville we made it to dca reagan international airport in the heart of dc [Music] alright everybody we just checked into our hotel room and as always we've got to check out the view i don't think it's gonna be anything fantastic because we are right in the heart of what's called crystal city and it's where a ton of skyrises and condos are and unfortunately here's our view so we can't win them all but this is what we've got and the good news is it's only about two o'clock in the afternoon it was early morning but we got to the east coast pretty early so i'm going to try and head down to our nation's capital and do a little walking around in sightseeing so it's time for a quick change and we'll get out of here all right after that quick change let's go downstairs grab an uber and head out after a short drive over the potomac river i had my uber driver drop me off at one of our nation's iconic landmarks hey everyone how awesome is this right behind me is united states capitol building we're in the heart of washington dc our nation's capital i'm going to take advantage of some of this weather and on this episode of layovers we're going to start here and walk 2.2 miles down to the lincoln memorial all the way at the other end of the national mall past the washington monument enjoy this great day and see some of the sights here at our nation's capital so i've got my walking shoes on it's going to be about a 45-minute walk so let's get going so before we get started here's a quick overview we're going to start here on the east end of the mall at the us capitol building then we're going to walk down the grass mall and pass all the museums like the smithsonian and national air and space museum halfway there's a washington monument and then we'll continue on to the war memorials the reflecting pool and end up at the lincoln memorial from there we'll walk by the vietnam veterans memorial and make our way north to our final stop the white house all right let's get this walkabout started as you walk across the street from the u.s capitol we hit our first monument the ulysses s grant memorial right in front of it is a small reflecting pool and often the distance is the halfway point the washington monument so this is really good for me because of all the times i've been here to washington dc i've always started on the other end by the uh lincoln memorial the washington monument and vietnam war memorial and i've never actually made it all the way down to the u.s capitol building so it's kind of neat to start here and head the other way all right we're just getting this walk started but we're walking down the center of the national mall there's these great grass areas which are kind of roped off right now just for the season i think but there's these huge paths that you can walk and run on the entire way on either side but anyway right off to my right is the national gallery art and then we'll be coming up on the smithsonian up on the left here in just a little bit all right the washington monument is getting bigger so that means i'm getting closer but up to my left is one of my favorite museums and i only had a little bit of time to run through there once but it's the national air and space museum when i come back here and i have a little bit of time that's definitely going to be number one on my list there's so many great museums here that the smithsonian the gallery of art check this out if you need a snack or refreshment there are great food trucks about two blocks in all right i can't tell if it's gonna be chilly out or warm out but the sun's actually out and it's actually pretty nice i don't need this jacket but when the wind blows it gets a little chilly but anyway i think we're about a half mile in uh to our just over two mile walk right behind me is the smithsonian how cool is that and then off to my other side is the natural museum of history and then we're coming up on the museum of american history and of course the washington monument all right right behind me is the washington monument it's right in the center of the national wall we're about halfway there so we just passed all the museums and now we're on to the war memorials and the reflecting pool and then the lincoln memorial at the end but what a great view is that it's like i have the place to myself so the first memorial we come up to is the world war ii memorial we're actually sitting right in the center of it right now to my left is the pacific tower and monument and to my right is the atlantic theater monument tower so just past the world war two memorial we're now walking down the reflecting pool in front of the lincoln memorial there's helicopters all around us it looks like marine one is taking somebody somewhere but we're gonna continue this walk to the link memorial and go check that out all right we are almost at the end of the walk right behind me is the end of the reflecting pool and right in front of me is the lincoln memorial so let's head up these stairs and check it out right in front of the lincoln memorial is this great promenade it's a great place to sit back relax take pictures and enjoy the view it's usually super crowded so i think i got really lucky today because there's not many people here at all now let's head up the steps and check out the lincoln memorial when you're inside head over to the left and on the wall you can see and read the entire gettysburg address given by lincoln in 1863. as you're heading out i definitely recommend taking a few moments to sit on the steps and look out over the reflecting pool to the east at the washington monument what a view all right so that's it for the national mall from the u.s capitol building to the lincoln memorial and everything in between there's a little bit of daylight left it's shining in my eye right now so we're going to walk about a mile this way guy playing the saxophone right on the steps the lincoln memorial i don't know if you can hear it anymore but it was a great walk from the capitol building all the way to the lincoln memorial behind me uh we're walking along the reflecting pool here uh we still got a little bit of time left in the day here oh there goes a southwest airplane one of my bros or broads taking off somewhere but anyway uh we're gonna head over to the white house and see if anybody's home it's about a mile walk from here so we're getting our steps in today but it's definitely worth it um you can see a lot of people jogging along the path here it's what a beautiful day i mean what a i would do this every day if i lived here i never had the opportunity to live in dc here but it seems like what a great workout if you lived in a city to come down here and run up and down the mall it's about 2.3 miles each way so that'd be a pretty good workout especially if you did it round trip squirrel if you come out of the lincoln memorial and turn left you get to the vietnam memorial which we are at right now the vietnam memorial wall displays the 58 318 names of the veterans that sacrificed their lives in the vietnam conflict all right it's time to head out north out of the national mall and toward the white house well we're headed north toward the white house it's rush hour right now so the traffic is crazy so i'm glad i am walking but there's still some great monuments and buildings to see all around the downtown area so not having spent any time living here this is just a great city to visit and walk around i mean if you like architecture you can just walk around this city for a couple days checking out all the amazing buildings i mean look at this building behind me it's the dwight d eisenhower executive building and it is really impressive but we're almost coming up to the white house it's up around the corner and we should be there in probably 10 minutes or so here we go we finally made it to the most famous address in the united states 1600 pennsylvania avenue so we are right on the corner of pennsylvania avenue right now obviously security has changed over the years because right now we used to be able to walk down this side of the street toward the white house we actually have to cross the street and head over to the other side so let's go so we are coming up to the white house and it's interesting time right now i don't know if you can hear it off in the distance we'll get a look at it but uh looks like there's some sort of rally protesters obviously something like that going on with a bunch of ukrainian flags we used to be able to cross the street and get right up near the white house but now we have to stay completely on the other side of the street well we made it to the white house unfortunately i can't get very close it's barricaded pretty well i have to stay all the way on the other side of the street so i can't really go up and knock on the door and see if i can head in for some hot chocolate or chocolate chip ice cream so unfortunately this is close we're gonna get today but it was a pretty good layover we did a lot of walking and got to see a lot of our nation's great monuments in our nation's capital it's always a great city to get out and walk around in not having spent a whole lot of time here or have lived here before i always enjoy coming here because you can walk for two three hours and see some of our nation's biggest and most historic monuments i love being here on layovers i don't get here too often but the weather was great and i had such a great time here all right that's it for our walkabout today in our nation's capital hope you enjoyed some of the sights uh as much as i did but it's getting dark soon and i know when the sun goes down it's gonna get really chilly tonight it was a great day but i can feel the uh winter coming winter is coming but anyway i'm gonna start walking back and find a spot to duck inside and warm up a little bit and grab a little bite to eat and then head back to the hotel like i said on my last video always like to try to get out and eat somewhere local if i can the hotel here doesn't have the greatest restaurant but i'm going to head out since i'm in the city and try to find something a little bit better than that and i bet i can do it all right after walking around for a little bit we found a great tavern and restaurant called the hamilton great cozy spot had a great atmosphere huge restaurant inside and then a couple different uh taverns and bars but anyway had the lump crab cakes when you're in washington and dc here you gotta try the crab cakes they're really good hit the spot and now we're headed back to the hotel for the a little bit of rest tonight i was able to grab a quick uber outside the restaurant and i had one last look at the washington monument at night as we drove past it and before i knew it i was back at the hotel there's so much to see and do in our nation's capital i tried to touch on the highlights but there are a couple things i missed out like arlington cemetery which i've got a couple bros that have been laid to rest there but i'm gonna try and hit that next time but now it's time to head up to the room get some rest and get ready for tomorrow all right good morning that's a wrap on washington d.c it's bright and early here but the sun's rising it's a little chilly but we are headed out of town here on to our next destination hope you enjoyed this episode for watching this episode of american travel family layovers don't forget to check out our other videos on youtube and our website at americantravelfamily.com don't forget to like and subscribe for more american travel family adventures

  Top Comments:
  1. @passportquinn.c5435 [5 likes]: You had such a beautiful day with so few people! Thanks for taking us along!
  2. @TheDaddrummer [4 likes]: I saw Big Ern flew the Max the other day. Do you ever get to fly the Max? Also, do you ever do the interviews and hiring like he's involved in?
  3. @kevinp8108 [3 likes]: Hi Captain Matt!  That's a cool jacket you're wearing. Is that a company jacket or did you get that from a third party? Thanks for showing us our nation's capital during your layover!  Looking forward to your next layover Captain Matt.
  4. @survivordomaco3208 [2 likes]: Un saluto dall’Italia amico mio ! Bello vedere come vai in giro per l’America… sicuramente il lavoro che fai ti aiuta tanto essendo tanto in giro
  5. @mattlantzy5093 [2 likes]: 1:12...Nice view, of the roof 😏🤣

DC is just a fantastic historic city
  6. @michaelsoto2859 [2 likes]: DC I’d soo interesting !!!
  7. @michaelsoto2859 [2 likes]: NICE VIDEO!
  8. @Hitmanracing3 [2 likes]: Glad you are adding more airline content !! Be cool to see you do another vid with BigErn!