- The Economics of Flying Private: How NetJets Became the Uber of Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en What does it actually cost to fly private? And why are more people doing it than ever before? Private aviation is a multibillion dollar business. And companies like NetJets are changing how the ultra wealthy move. Even in the smallest aircraft type in our program, you're talking today about an initial capital investment of more than $800,000 to buy a piece of an airplane. We have something like 40% of the Fortune 500 that are are NetJets customers. And as major commercial airlines are trying to win back premium customers, can commercial aviation companies successfully keep them? [Music] NetJets doesn't sell private jets. It sells fractions of jets. Customers buy a share as little as 116th of a specific aircraft model. That idea splitting jet ownership like a time share unlocked a new market. Today we operate nearly,00 aircraft which if you were comparing us to a commercial airline would make us the second or third largest on the planet. Unlike charter services, it owns and controls its fleet allowing tighter control over quality scheduling and safety. The average NetJets customer flies with us for about 75 to 100 hours per year. Our typical customer will be somebody who is a principal of a privately held company. We have something like 40% of the Fortune 500 that are our NetJets customers. Flying with NetJets doesn't come cheap. A fractional ownership share on a light jet like the Phenom 300 starts at around $850,000 upfront, plus about $325,000 per year in operating costs for 50 flight hours. For those who want a more affordable and flexible option, the NetJets card starts at $215,000 for 25 hours annually. That $215,000 jet card, that's the cost of four down payments on the average American home. Within the shared ownership model, we really have three cost components for the customer. You have the initial capital investment, which is a onetime investment where somebody's buying a piece of the airplane and then they pay a monthly management fee. If you owned your own airplane, you'd have pilot salaries, you need to have mechanic salaries, and you'd have hanger rent. So in our model, you're sharing that across the other members of the program. And then every time you fly, we bill you the variable hourly costs associated with flying that trip from A to B, which covers things like the fuel expense of the aircraft, the ground charges and the handling fees and the things that that would go into operating an airplane from A to B. That business model caught the attention of Warren Buffett. And in 1998, Berkshire Hathaway bought NetJets and has held on to it since. You see in the luxury travel segment overall, people are making more of an investment in experiences than in things. That certainly has been a tailwind for us. You know, if I'm being honest, the commercial experience has not gotten any better over the last several years, and that has driven more people to want to fly netjets. During the pandemic, demand for private air travel soared as people feared crowded airports and packed planes. In the US, business aviation traffic in 2021 hit record highs, surpassing the 2019 levels, and in 2021 saw over 3.3 million private jets worldwide, a 7% increase over preandemic levels. Only about 10% of the people who met the financial, you know, norms or averages of private aviation were actually flying privately. and CO certainly unlocked some portion of that addressable market. And then the big question was would they go back to the airlines when the pandemic subsided and you know masks came off and vaccines went in arms. After the initial co boom many private airline companies saw slumps in profits but in Q1 of 2025 Berkshire Hathaway reported a profit bump in its service division which it contributed to its aviation services. For NetJets, we're operating at 40 45% larger than we were in 2019. So, we've maintained record retention rates. Major commercial airlines are trying to claw back premium travelers by rolling out redesigned business class cabins, faster boarding, and high-end lounges. But for some flyers, the best perks aren't enough. Anonymity is key to our business. One of the appeals of flying netjets versus owning your own airplane is that you're virtually untraceable. Whether you have concerns about appearances or whether you have concerns about safety, netjets can provide that in a way that that you can't get owning your own airplane. As the demand for private flights increases, so does the visibility of their impact. Each trip emits many times more carbon emissions per passenger than a commercial trip, and that's drawn growing scrutiny, especially as more celebrities and CEOs are called out for frequent short hall trips. When Taylor Swift's private jet usage was tracked online in 2023, it sparked a wave of backlash and highlighted the growing divide between convenience and climate responsibility. Now with the business booming, even the industry's biggest players are under pressure to address the carbon footprint. Sustainability is at the forefront for our industry right now. And the way that we're addressing it at NetIts is we are the largest buyer of sustainable aviation fuel in the industry. We offer carbon offset programs for our customers. We offset all of our own internal company flying. So anything that we do for maintenance flights or training flights or anything like that, we we buy the carbon credits to offset. As commercial travel faces continued pressure from rising costs to growing delays, demand for more efficient discrete options isn't likely to vanish. Private aviation remains a niche but profitable business fueled by clients who value control more than cost.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Saa42808 [8 likes]: One thing is sure if I have money I would never use a commercial airliner. Yup.
  2. @AndreaHerrick-e5j [2 likes]: Bailing due to the vocal fry…
  3. @buddyM-c4n [2 likes]: The vocal fry is HIDEOUS! Unwatchable....or rather...unlistenable.
  4. @projectdesign4675 [1 likes]: $800k (upfront) + $6,500 an hr is bad money (from the west coast) is $100 k round trip to Europe........so your net worth would have to exceed $100 million (minimum) for you "not to feel it"!
      The jet owner company have priced their selves very safely, very!
 Buy your own jet and you can live like Raymond Reddington!
  5. @Scrotie899 [1 likes]: I'd like to hear about this but that vocal fry is unlistenable.
  6. @donnagray1306 [1 likes]: Have to escape early. The Kardashian vocal fry is annoying, Fortune.
  7. @tstcikhthys: What "impact"? Jets don't have a crash force on the environment; they have a footprint or effect on the environment. Where are people learning this nonsensical jargon from?
  8. @Jensen-C: 2:56 Jesus so they have close to 0 operational costs, and the people who “own” the jets don’t own jack shit.  That’s an insanely smart business model
  9. @Nissan400z_abc: Well i was about to charter the Bombardier Global 7500 but now that i heard about how it's hurting our environment a lot, i decided to fly frontier economy class.
  10. @1583217: Is Miley Cyrus narrating this video?
  11. @roland-yepp: if you own 1/16 of a flight, how does it work when some of the other 15 want to fly the same time as you?
  12. @chuckpringle4860: Climate change is a joke. Tell the plants that count on carbon to live they needs to die to save the planet....
  13. @777driver1: These are the same folks selling global warming 🤣🤣🤣
  14. @coopandcarter: My wife and several of her friends take a private flight once a year. You would have to be very, very well heeled to do it on a regular basis. The plane my wife flies on is a smaller jet, I can't imagine the cost of a large plane.  The ability to drive up to the plane, board your luggage and off you go is really a nice experience.. I cringe everytime she books the flight, but it's the only time she ever splurges. Most people flying are probably on the OPM plan.
  15. @jwilson3985: What a joke. Steep buying carbon credits and reduce customer costs accordingly. Haven’t we proven that climate change is the biggest hoax in history??
  16. @torley: Who is the female narrator? Enjoyed her voice!
  17. @MikeFooteKC: Think how much cheaper it would be if they weren't pandering to the Eco-commies and their carbon credit nonsense!
  18. @nickstoica: Here’s my take on this fractional bullshit…if you can’t afford either that means you actually don’t need it…whoever flies less than 200 hours per year doesn’t need to own, who flies less than 100 doesn’t need fraction anything…it’s a ripoff only companies can afford because it’s a deductible business „expense“!
  19. @topofthegreen: $10,000 an hour is not cheap.
  20. @andyklapper8484: This is the dream within the dream of winning Powerball at its current $1.7 billion jackpot ($350 million take home).  Till then, I need to convince my wife to use a discount carrier like Nordic Airways instead of Delta for business class seats at coach prices.

- Soaring Success How a Lawyer Turned Entrepreneur Became a Private Jet Owner: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to bisj TV welcome Tom to bisj TV thank you for your time today spend here with us and tell us your story um so let's start with you you started off as a lawyer you studied law at University you went and practiced law and then your career signed up molded in a different direction and then took you to where you are today so tell us tell us a story oh sure and good day to you for thank you for having me on uh yes I did study as a lawyer and I did practice for a number of years in corporate law but my desire all along was to move from the day-to-day practice of law into more of a management or business side role uh that opportunity came along after a number of years where a client invited me to come inside and start as the internal lawyer but the company's founder and a man who is a great mentor of mine said that I would certainly get you onto the business side and that did happen and I became an owner the company part owner and was able to use my legal background in training as informative and a basis for being a manager business manager and he was an avid in aviation Enthusiast though not a pilot himself and had airplanes during my whole stay there I think I helped him with five or six aircraft Acquisitions and dispositions over time and and I was uh very much exposed to how general aviation could Aid a business that in that case a privately held business uh very much and it fed into my long-standing desire to fly so what type of business were you in and and where were you sure it was that business was a financial services company so we had a Securities broker dealer and money management businesses heavily regulated businesses but growing and ultimately I ended up overseeing our money management units and then ultimately they were divested and it was time for me to spread my wings after 20 years with the company and I I left and became involved in a investment that was a rollup of specialty trucking companies here in the United States yeah those that sered the United States Postal Service yeah and I ended up as CEO of that company and that brought us from Minnesota to Arizona in 2020 just as that little thing called the pandemic started rolling around the world okay and stayed with that company for several years and left it uh a year ago and am now standing up a real estate development company here in Arizona with a oh nice with my airplane partner in fact is it is it real estate is it commercial or or commercial commercial multif family real estate development I'm doing it with my airplane partner whom we met through Aviation and then ultimately became airplane partners and now we are business partners okay so you started flying private then when you were back with the financial services company so were you flying International or were you just flying around the United States I did I did some of both uh although you know initially like most private Pilots I started in a small single engine aircraft of Bonanza which was wonderful yeah and as the airplanes started I started moving up the chain and airplanes I started doing more and more things with the airplanes so I did I did fly internationally in my Baron to Mexico yeah in Canada yeah certainly in the king air and then as I moved into the Jets those trips started to expand to include the Caribbean and I really haven't launched much I haven't launched across the ocean yet though I got my qualifications to do so but those things are always in the offing yeah so now your you what airpl do you have now what what aircraft do I have now I we are Partners in a citation cj4 okay nice and my partner bought it brand new from the factory and I had a citation cj3 prior to that on my own and was considering my next plan and Stuart approached me and suggested that he wasn't flying as much why and we're both out here in Arizona why don't we partner up and we did and it's been just fantastic yeah now for those listening so so you've got what's called a shared ownership at the moment so does your partner does he fly as well is he a pilot as well correct he is also an owner operator like me okay so how does it work when you both have to you want to use the airplane on the same day does that ever happen or do you kind of plan your schedules we schedule that's fairly well planned out our okay our travel habits are relatively consistent we're entering our fourth year of this partnership and so we know each other's routines and we're very compatible he bends over backwards to make the airplane available to me if there is a con conflict and I try and do the same for him okay you know occasionally the airplane's just not available on a date one of us would like to travel and so what we go commercial no big deal yeah it it's not it R rarely presents an issue yeah so tell us about how you've used the airplanes that you've had through the years to do deals where has it been where tell us a story of where you had the private aircraft whe it was the king air or one of the your citations and if you hadn't had the private jet those deals wouldn't have been done I can remember several so starting even with my mentor's aircraft we were doing a fairly significant transaction in the mid 90s that was very demanding it was What airplane did he have pardon he had a he had a he had a a Westwind okay Israeli aircraft Industries now Gulfstream but it was a it was a beautiful jet very you know overbuilt type of Jet and we you know we were just the deal had lots of L late breaking demands and face-to-face negotiations this as well before you know online interviews like this and and the ability to access people online a lot of times you just had to be in a room with the people you're dealing with and so uh he made that airplane available to me on many occasions where I had to get to the acquirer in this case of our businesses and sit down and work things out and there are a number of occasions where that deal would not have happened but for his willingness to get me where I needed to be to do what he wanted done and so where were you going from and where were you going to just to so in that time frame it was primarily going from uh the Twin Cities of Minnesota to both Philadelphia and Washington DC in this case so what was the schedu for the airlines on those routes pardon what was the schedule like for the airlines there were airlines available but often not at the moments or the timing that we wanted to go and so you know if we needed to get there for a meeting and wanted to make it a day trip because we had commitments the next day I mean it's virtually impossible to do in those days okay with any kind of predictability yet having the jet made that entirely possible and so we were able to use it to unlock productivity that would have been trapped otherwise yeah uhuh good so there are other cases too where I've been able to use the airplane to get to meetings that were really uh important to me to make but if I didn't have the airplane relying on Commercial schedules would have either had me away from my family much longer than I wanted or not able to make the meetings on the schedule that I wanted so that happens frequently I sit on a number of boards of directors currently and when you're trying to make board meetings that are on a fixed schedule but you have other things that come up around it you know subsequent to the time of the meetings being calendared it's it's a challenge to try and make that all work but having an airplane solves a lot of those challenges I can go and come on the schedule that works for me not necessarily the one for the airlines yeah do you use the airplane to go and pick people up and bring them to you as well or do you just use it for you to go occasionally occasionally I would say that falls more into the personal category you know where we're family and friends if there's an opportunity to have them tag along I I'll pick them up yeah okay good good good so so how long have you been flying now yourself as a pilot so it's been since 1997 so 26 years or thereabouts and it's been a a gradual I would say steady progression of both uh pilot ratings as well as uh capabilities in terms of aircraft that I've owned certainly moving to the Jets was a a major transition in my flying and and I think an enhancement in my safety uh approach I prior to this like maybe many Pilots I was Mo mostly an island I I flew my airplane I talked with other Pilots occasionally I read you know Publications put out by owner type clubs but I wasn't an active participant but when I got into the Jets I got introduced to the owner pilot group for citations citation jet pilots and that was trans transformational for me yeah I I became in enthralled with its mission to provide benefits for members safety and uh uh you know good fellowship and it was really that that got me focused and I got very involved on the board and with our Safety Committee we're led by a you know an unbelievable leader and a gentleman named Charlie precour former space shuttle Commander Air Force pilot and head of the astronaut program at Nasa who is a citation owner and he took up an interest in our group in safety and since then we've developed a whole series of things that try and up our game to uh better flying starting with things like we have a set of Sops or standard standard operating practices while not binding like they would be for a commercial airline they try and get each of us to abide by very similar types of Standards Duty days when we'll launch what types of weather conditions personal minimums all the types of things that you might see in a in a sop Book for a 135 operator or a 121 operator and that's been really good we have a gold standard safety award the gold standard safety award contains the elements which if you comply with them you get the award but they are what we believe are needed for a Jet Pilot single pilot operator to be proficient in a year so for us it's one recurrent training but also a second recurrent training the one has to be in a simulator so you get the full dose like flight safety or other providers yeah and the other can be with an instructor yeah but 12 hours of training ultimately throughout the year two types then you have to do some enrichment training in our case attending our convention with all it safety content counts towards that and then you have other things like agreeing to abide by our standard operating procedures honoring that honoring a 100 Year 100 hour a year flying commitment so if you do all those things our thought is well you'll be a safer pilot yes we've also launched some really remarkable initiatives again a group of folks I've had the pleasure of being involved with but Charlie preor leading it yeah one of them is our safe to land initiative which focuses on the last part of the flight yes trying to make sure that of course Runway excursions are the highest cause of accidents for jet Pilots yeah we've been able to develop this process through a extensive study with our pil conducted by the pr group about what people are thinking about at the various Gates as they come down we thought that we we determined that the standard advice of calling a go around at a th000 feet if you're not stable just was not realistic people weren't doing it and it's not realistic so we develop Gates that are much more realistic to what we fly but at 200 feet if you are trending off of air speed or Center Line alignment uh or another other factors aren't configured go around that's the decision Point you're you're pre-loaded to go around so the safe to land initiative has been very important Focus we also have in initiated a a fola program for our Pilots which again commercial companies have been using for years to review Mass data about performance we're we're doing that now introducing it we've got a 50 some aircraft that are involved and we're rolling it out to more it's a little different in our group because of course all these citations Legacy citations to the new ones coming off the line are configured differently of different avionics so trying to find the way to pull the data off the airplane is challenge but we're sorting through all of that and we've got this great ability now for people that want to see it well was I at vref at 50 ft or was I at vref plus 10 I mean you know the having the actual data and instead of just kind of thinking I was close really makes a difference so through all of these things safety awards standard operating practices safe to land fola our group citation jet Pilots is really leading the way in terms of safety and knock on wood uh we've gone three years without an incident or accident among citation jet Pilots members which yes knock on wood that's a great yeah because there have been a lot of citation crashes over the last stre is because I've been covering them on bisj TV but none of them have been from members of your Association correct there are others and we're evangelizing and and interestingly most of those if not nearly all of them are in crude aircraft not in single pilot operated aircraft and and so we're trying to uh do our part to make sure that we are adding to the safety equation for jet operators of citations so you always fly on your own or do you sometimes have another pilot come along with you occasionally I'll have a second uh pilot if we need to move the airplane for example after I land and we need to move it back or occasionally my airplane partner steuart and I we have a lot in common and we go to similar destinations or we travel together for meetings so a number of times we'll be in the cockpit together so okay that that enjoy those experiences when I have them because it's always you always can learn something from other pilots who have experience as well and what their routines are and how you compare them to yours even the small things you do many of the major things the same but you know just the little things that help improve safety so that's a lot of fun yeah yeah yeah because the safety I mean obviously when you are a business person and you're not a professional pilot and you start flying a jet you know whether you're a professional pilot or not the jet needs to be FL in a certain way and and so you have to go through almost the same training an airline pilot would go through really the simulator the upset recovery the ground score and and that that that training is an ongoing thing um what about scenario Based training what have you done a lot of scenario Based training have you been into any tricky airports like Aspen and that did you go to the simulator to do a special training detail speci for Aspen I mean I'm just throwing Aspen out there because it's something we've been talking about quite quite often lately we do in we offer on our site we have these series of videos called what good looks like yeah and we try and explore a variety of items that can catch Pilots usually our our director of Education David Miller will play the what good doesn't look like yeah David has been on on bjet TV as well yeah oh he's fantastic yeah he's been on bus and and so David will do that bit and then we'll have Neil singer or one of our other instructors show what good looks like and sometimes that involves scenarios for example coming out of eagle in Colorado and where even on a cool day you could get tripped up if you're not thinking about the departure and what might happen and planning your engine out climb out procedure and all that we've we've got scenarios like that in our what good looks like video Bank I've personally done uh scenarios when I've been at I train at flight safety and in the simulators there at flight safety I've been training with them since I was in my bananza 23 years ago okay and they offer as you know scenarios like if you get to the end of a recurrent and you got some extra time you know I'm going to be going into Aspen I'd really like to fly that approach let's do that for the Sim and that really helps quite a bit yeah now how have you found because obviously the CJ 4's got more modern avionics than the other aircraft you've operated how have the modern avionics helped you in particular in single pilot operations how has that helped you you know with reduced workload improv situation awareness I mean how have you found the transition into this more modern cockpit that that we have today for those that are watching that are thinking of maybe buying an old airplane and using the steam gauges instead of the modern glass cockpit kind of thing that's been remarkable the a level of integration of the avionics is just just fantastic now so you you enter something once in the flight management computer and it propagates it throughout the avionic suite it knows what you want it to do that Revolution really reduces pilot workload I can compare it can contrast it to my first jet the cj2 had what we often refer to as the Frankenstein panel it had a two tube colins display with a a universal box and a and a Garmin old Garmin 500 Navigator as a backup none of them talked and King radio the old LED hand dialed in uh radios it was very disintegrated I would say you you if you were entering an ILS you know you had to look up on your chart the just like flying you know 20 30 years ago you had to look up the approach course and then dial in the frequency and then put it on heading mode so you while you did all this and then you know heaven forbid you got the airport switched from north to south and you had to redo it all while you're in the airport environment that was very challenging and so the cj3 and in particularly the four have very integrated avionic Suites I would say both Collins and Garmin I mean Garmin has done amazing things as most pilots who own smaller aircraft know they're often equipped with Garmin sweets yes that's now becoming available as ret fits in Legacy Jets and many purchasers particularly owner operator purchasers of Legacy aircraft uh are turning it's interesting you say this because I'm just dealing now with a customer buying some daia 328 Jets which I happen to fly back in the day I was one of the first pilots in the world to be rated and flew the aane and what they're doing now is they're putting Garmin 5000 avionic Suite in it yes for the reasons that you just explained yeah the 5000 or the nxi the the the the g600 and G 750 all those products are now integrated in STC to go in to these Legacy aircrafts and tie what used to be less Integrated Systems into one and with much more precision and and enhancements that are needed for modern airspace yeah I think that's really really key I think the avionics really need to help what's your view on AI and and AI coming into the pit U now you know G have developed the pressed the button and the airplane lands on its own feature which has gone into the new Honda Jet um and he's already in the TBM and apparently it's coming into the Phenom 300 and 100 and probably into the CJs as well um so we're going to see more and more uh let's say CRM crew Resource Management between the pilot and their R2-D2 if we use a start start Star Wars time well I think it's it's wonderful advancement properly managed the pilot has always got to understand what the system is doing even things that are in the system that the pilot might not be aware about he needs to know how to get out of those scenarios if needed I I I think the boing philosophy is still the right one the pilot should be in charge and and you saw sadly with the 737 Max yeah issues a lot of contributing factors But ultimately pilots who did not understand how to get out of the automation that was going on so with yeah well the problem there and being a 737 pilot myself and having worked in third world countries the problem with the 737 Max was Bo was selling into in particular Ethiopia and Indonesia which were the two places where the accidents happened now pilots in that part of the world aren't trained from a basic standpoint the way they are in the United States or in England so their basic Foundation knowledge is not as robust so buing developed this Max system on the 737 Max didn't put it in the manual said to everybody buy the airplane it's it's an hour's training on the iPad and they can go from a normal 737 NG into 737 Max which is okay if you're doing this with an airline in the UK or Germany or the us because the pilots are trained from the beginning in a certain way when you sell into these third world countries where very often the pilots up in the cockpit got there because their father was somebody and I say this because I I I experienced this when I was flying in the Middle East and you're like this guy shouldn't even be riding a bike uh little and flying an airplane so uh when you get into a situation that they got into is all the pilots needed to do is bring the thrust levers back by about an inch and the airplane would have stopped doing what it was doing and this has happened to a number of friends of mine in Germany and in the UK they had the same problem they just brought the thrust levers back a little bit and the airplane was back into control of the pilot but over in Ethiopia and Indonesia the pilots didn't have that knowledge and so the airplane started doing what it was doing they were at low level they freaked out airplane crashed killed everybody so in reality it's Boeing's fault because Boeing knew because Boeing and and I I no for a fact one of the airlines I flew for we had Boeing Pilots come and fly with us on the jump seat just to see how we were doing and they would always say oh guys you'd really doing a good job etc etc and they would go out and order all the different companies around the world operating the bo 737 just to see you know how their product was doing out on the line so they knew this and they just closed an eye and thought it was going to be okay and then the two accidents happened so if I have to point the finger at somebody buying you and now they've changed things but you know they got massive lawsuits and you being a lawyer will understand this and this is a bit of a problem for boing but I think that the the problem is lies with Boeing certainly it certainly may in the end though all those people in that airplane were relying on those Pilots to be able to figure out a solution to the problem and the pilots didn't understand enough about the automation to get out of the situation they were in and that's my only Point regardless of blame you asked about AI what will AI bring to the cockpit I think it will bring great benefits more integration as you pointed out the Autoland system that Garmin has is so amazing as that comes in understanding how to defend when it doesn't do what a human wants it to do that is a key thing for Pilots I hope we find a way to make sure that all Pilots regardless of where they're from third world or not that they're educated in the right way yeah but the thing the problem I see Tom with training these days is unfortunately they're doing what they're doing in high schools now and universities they're doing it in Pilot training they're eliminating certain Maneuvers and they're just making it a bit easier to become a pilot and there I mean I'll give you an example when I was training for my private pilot license back in 1986 I was in Texas doing my training and I wasn't going solo because I was afraid that when I went to sto the airplane you had to bank 30 degrees and then stole that I ended up in a spin and I didn't know how to get out of it so I was talking to another student one day and we were talking and I was telling him about my fear and he said I had the same problem ask your instructor to give you a spin lesson so I went to my instructor told him he briefed me we went up we did three spins I got out of it it was dead easy next day I went solo and then it dawned on me wait a minute this should be mandatory and then I discovered it used to be mandatory in the 1970s then the FAA removed it because so many people were dropping out of training after they did the spin training because they got scared so then I thought to myself well I'm gonna going on now to become a commercial pilot I better put myself through an aerobatics course because I think you know getting in these upset situations is important and and recognizing you know what it's what it's like to be upside down and and what it's like to stall and and you know loop the loop and all those Maneuvers just as a background which I think is is a must for every pilot but unfortunately there's guys I know today flying 747s and they've never been in a spin in their life it's incredible to me if you watch smithsonian's air disasters series it's replete with those scenarios where the pilots just don't have any experience in basic Maneuvers that uh they're going to confront it's if you spend enough time in the cockpit you're going to face an upset at some point yeah if you if you if you pull when you should push it's going to be a problem yeah so from what as you are both the entrepreneur and the pilot how do you find it sometimes when you're in a situation where you're going to do a business deal and there's a bit of an issue with weather or ice or whatever it may be how do you separate the Pilot hat from the I need to go businessman hat because sometimes that can be difficult what do you do it can be difficult and it could be both business pressure or family pressures you you're trying to get your family to a family event the same type of thing John F Kennedy accident yeah the I've tried there's no good magic way except to know that you have to put the safety of the flight first and foremost if it's in question if your gut is telling you that it's not the right flight well it's better to be on the ground as they say wishing you were in the air than in the other way around and and and so over the I mean one of the values that I see in the progression that I've made which is slowly across gradually more capable aircraft is that I learned in each of them what the limits of the airplane were and I worked very hard not to exceed those limits so you know if you're flying cross country in a bananza and you're making multiple stops you might be stopping overnight because a storm that you cannot get around or under is in your way that was true all the way up through the the king air but even being in Jets doesn't give you license just to take off whenever you want or land whenever you want obviously icing thunderstorms if you're descending through 30,000 foot high thunderstorms even if you're above them on your route if you're descending through them you've got work to do and and those things are best analyzed on the ground Before you depart rather than taking off and hoping yeah always carry more fuel always carry extra fuel carry yeah carry more fuel carry more fuel have an alternate one of our standard operating practices is always file an alternate regardless of whether the weather is I'll give you a tip here always file two alternates I'll tell you why you've got a technical Alternate which is let's say Lovefield Dallas Fort Worth okay they're close by okay so if one shuts down because there's some problem on the runway you go to the other one and then you have a meteorological out alterate which is further away enough for the weather to be different but close enough to be able to then jump in a car and get to your meeting and so if you have those two alternates and you plan for those two you're you're safe I I like that that's what we do with the airlines all the airlines I worked for we always have two alternates and they were based on the meterological alternate and the technical alternate that's a great suggestion yeah so that's uh that's really important but uh so going back to the the the pilot entrepreneur thing this is what I always tell people when they're buying an airplane said when you step on that airplane you're no longer the boss the captain is the boss but if you happen to be the boss and the captain when you step on the airplane you need to be the captain forget being the boss forget the family needs to get to a meeting whatever you're the captain and so the captain looks at the data and the captain sees that there's icing there's thunderstorms there's whatever we can't go or we're going to wait a couple of hours the weather to clear and then we're going to go and everybody will have to adapt it's excellent way to put it Fazio I agree it's one of the things that our owner Pilots are passionate about in our citation jet Pilots group is is we fly we fly to a professional standard that means knowing when you have to say I'm waving the White Flag I'm not going today yeah exactly and and all of us have probably made flights that we think well you know what if I had it to do over again maybe I won't but we want to keep those to a minimum or none yeah well I I almost early on in my career I almost crashed I was a first officer on a citation I had maybe 600 hours the captain was been a Captain Literally two days um and we went into samitz which is high altitude 5,800 feet in Switzerland so we were in Milan we had to go to suitz pick this guy's children up and take them to one of the Greek Islands so he was with us at the airport in Milan and the weather was bad and and at during the at that time you had to ring the control tower in suitz and ask them what the weather was like like and the guy would look out and tell you and he said no you know there's cloud coverage and that and he kind of told us you know you may want to wait so we told the passenger we may want to wait because the thunderstorms approaching and that and he says oh no my friend just landed in his Falcon 50 we need to go I said look I mean if we wait get your kids down by car tomorrow morning we'll take you to Greece uh no no no okay well we'll go we'll we'll attempt to go go in but if we get there and we can't see the wrun way we'll have to come because it was completely VFR you have to land with VFR so off we go we get to this point which was called Marco I still remember the name of the point and we get to this point Marco and there was a bit of a space in between the clouds so you could see the the runway so the guy comes in the cop say oh yeah we could see the runway right okay fine so down we go we land so because we didn't have much time because the the bad weather was approaching so my colleague jumped out to go and pay the landing fees I refueled and loaded the bags onto the airplane so quick quick quick quick quick jump in the airplane get on the runway start going down the runway V1 rotate he pulls back on the stick the plane's not not moving he says help me so I pull back we both pull back and we barely got off the end of the runway into the air hit the storm plane starts going all over the place everyone in the back was screaming and crying and you name it we're fighting this airplane up to above the storm we eventually get above the storm about 105 minutes later everything calms down the guy comes to the front and he says oh that was really I said well look I'll tell you one thing I said you pushed us today we almost killed everybody okay this is the first and last time I do that I said to him uh because you are very successful man because other you wouldn't be able to chter this airplane so great tribute to you but there's one thing you can't buy and that's the weather because God controls the weather you can't buy him um and then a few months later I ended up in a similar scenario again this time we were Landing in Milan coming from somewhere in France and the lady on board was a very famous Italian fashion designer which I won't name and she wanted us we were supposed to go to samitz again but we diverted into Milan because of the weather and she was shouting hollowing and this and she wasn't happy that we landed in Milan and I said to her I said look you can complain to the boss that we bought you to Milan and not to sarit but we're all alive I told her the story of a few months before she wouldn't have it she insulted me she said she wasn't going to fly with me again I said fine no problem but we're alive um because that that situation in Sumer has happened once and I never let it happen again I never let anybody push me again even if sometimes I lost jobs um but at least I'm here today at 54 years old and I can tell the story and I didn't kill anybody in the process clear clearly I couldn't agree more it you have to know one to say no no matter what the pressure is but Tom you know how many friends of mine ended up crashing and dying I told you the story of the the helicopter crash in Leicester in the UK a few years ago that was a friend of mine that flew that helicopter and you know unfortunately these things happen so that's why we really need to play the prevention game and training is key because sometimes people do get the sish situations that they don't really realize they're in like icing they don't realize that you know sometimes there's icing on the wing that you can't see and that can kill you and all of the factors that lead up to it we had the the truth is our safety initiative at citation jet Pilots was born out of two very tragic accidents involving our members in in the 2016 time frame one involving you might have heard of the Lake Erie accident where a brand new citation jet cj4 owner who had relatively low time took off at night after a long day and drove a perfectly good airplane into Lake Yuri because it got uh disoriented you know in in Dark Night conditions launching over the lake after a long day you know family and friends on board just a horrific fatigue a fatigued pilot is like a drug pilot and that's been scientifically proven 100% And so we born of those tragedies all of our members have been so sobered to try and not fall prey to those very weaknesses that you mentioned not respecting icing not respecting fatigue not respecting speeds on the gates as you come into the approach environment all of these things yeah if you pay attention to them you're G to have a good day if you ignore them often enough they're going to bite yeah so in closing Tom tell us three things that you've learned as a business man and as a pilot that um you think have been really key to bringing you to where you are today and the success that you have today well doing business with good people makes for a good result and that is judging character judging who you're with that's really important uh enjoying the journey as much as the destination and that is true in flying that's true in business and that has really come through to me and then finally attention to detail really focus on detail once you decided on the overall picture whether it's a flight or a business objective it's attention to detail that wins and yeah and that's what uh has been made clear to me over my career yeah and one thing I really like and I've learned back in ear ear in the days is simplify don't try and complicate the flight in particular this happens when you fly with people that were are Engineers by trade and they learn to fly airplanes yeah they think too much and then the plane keeps moving and they're still thinking we're flying now yeah yeah just keep it simple keep it simple slow down slowing down is a big thing some jet Pilots love to come in like a flipping rocket uh just slow down slow down slow down you slow down it gives you more time you got more time you take the stress away you can think clearer um and that's so I saw so many jet Pilots F come in like a like a rocket so look let's one of my instructors in the early days he said any airplane you fly remember these two key speeds 210 knots and 180 knots you're coming into the approach plate area start slowing down to 210 now that gives you T time and space and then you start configuring you come down to 180 and whether you're flying at 737 or citation you can relate to those speeds and it works with every airplane because every approach procedure around the world is designed around those speeds but not many people know it and not many people teach it so just remember this and I was stuck with me even once I argued with the captain once because I was he said I was slowing down too soon and I said I got to a point where I said look am I flying or are you flying right because if I'm flying we're going 210 if you're flying you take over you have control and he took control I said fine right way yeah I'll be pilot on flying you'll be Pilot Flying yeah and we had a guy on the jump seat he was like oh this guy's bold well you have to be that's right it's just one of one one of one of those things Tom thank you very much for bringing your story here to bisj TV it's been great talking to you and hearing what the citation jet Pilots Association is doing I think you're doing great things I know the Honda Jet Pilot Association is now trailing behind you wanting to do the same thing pilatos are doing the same and all the other manufacturing particular the single pilot aircraft which in includes people like that are business people that fly their own Jets how important the training is and how important building a community where you guys can share notes with each other and share experiences um it's so important to to have this community to help to improve flight safety uh because business Aviation is a great thing for the world um I know a lot of people think that we are polluting the world with with our Jets but in reality we are making the world a better place by Saving stacks of time and and being able to go out there and do more deals which creates more jobs more products to improve the world and that's so so important for people to understand that the Business Jet is a business tool and not a luxury item as I like to say and it's there to save time and so remember people you're buying time you're not buying a Jet that's all from me here on bjet TV and from Tom and we'll see you on the next one thank you

- Amazing for Business, Amazing for Family | HondaJet Owner Story: Kind: captions Language: en not a habit I kind of do it for the thrill of it it's not a habit it's a thrill house if you're playing on the break the dancing the slalom just going back power and just staying still and then letting go to break in that push this race the HondaJet compared to the last airplane I had it goes higher it goes faster it goes longer it's more quiet the bathrooms bigger the luggage is larger I mean every aspect of every quotient in every metric that you look at its 20% better I always love the design I love the fact that the over-the-wing engine designs from the thin point of saving all that space in the main cabin and not having that far coming back to the tail the fuselage and giving you more you know adding an extra foot of cabinet space I thought that was brilliant I thought that then always being transferred being so much less was with height but I missed the goodness I have to look at the instruments to know if the airplanes on or off so I hit the start button you know I advanced the the throttle I'm watching the instruments because I can't hear the engine and I'm looking for the instrument to go into a operating mode and now I've got a good start but it's that quiet frankly I wouldn't I wouldn't look at some deal if I had to go the airline route I just wouldn't look at it's just too much too much to try to get organized to get down there and do those connections and all that other stuff so in terms of my business and how the jet fits into that what I find is that I can respond to deals quicker than anybody else that I can get on the phone at eight or nine o'clock in the morning and if I like it I'll say I'll see you for lunch is you know the reaction is always fun because they go we'll wait a minute we're in Fort Lauderdale since I get it you know it's an hour and a half I'll see you for lunch just tell me we're in the procession from the other side of the state they know that you need to so when you take action that quickly things they take you serious in terms of my own personal lifestyle the HondaJet done an amazing thing to me I have grandchildren in Atlanta you know it's a 200 300 mile to five hour drive I'm now going through my grandson soccer games so cause of the HondaJet so it's a 57 minute flight now go right into PDK his soccer fields about two miles away I can use the fruit card go Hawks game come back and then be home for dinner and I'm a great grandpa cool grandpa that's a good stuff [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeS-ii6yp [29 likes]: Some people are very successful yet they lack gratitude and humility. Here is a very successful man that is both humble and grateful, and also understands what's important in life. Great example of a leader, a father, a family man, and  someone who appreciates life and all of his blessings.  Thank you sir for setting such a great example. Oh and yes...I agree the Honda Jet is a fabulous plane!
  2. @uminhtetoo [23 likes]: "I'm the cool grandpa" Congratulations,Hondajet!👍👍👍👍🙏🏻😊
  3. @Mazel1975 [12 likes]: This guy is awesome!  Deserves everything he's got.
  4. @advancedaircraft [4 likes]: Great interview Julian!!!!! Congratulations!
  5. @LocoMarioPL [1 likes]: Love Honda. Always Honda !
  6. @keeyounglim9321 [1 likes]: damn, i want one... I am working hard to get one.  Next 5 years, I am buying Hondajet Elite...
  7. @AA-ke2ns [1 likes]: Good now I want one
  8. @leeryan1969 [1 likes]: This superb little jet makes great sense if you can afford it
  9. @JoeSmith-nu8oo [1 likes]: Hop over to KGVL and take me for a quick spin,I'll pay for the fuel!
  10. @Mred32: That looks like so much fun guys & girls... Well done.
  11. @williamwilliam728: Julian is an awesome spokes person for this amazing jet. A marriage made at 43000' !
  12. @Palamba.adventure: oneday
  13. @rogermoore9270: Wowwwwww business and Family personified!!!!
  14. @free3956: Engine is manufactured by honda?
  15. @grahamallen934: Life is Simple...Pops..👍
  16. @luckbennytoussaint4605: i m willing to finance 10 , 30 seater @ 6 million a piece on a 15 years payment

- The $300,000 Aircraft Anyone Can Fly… But Why Are Pilots Worried?: Kind: captions Language: en This aircraft can land on water, park in your garage, and legally [music] fly with far less training than you'd expect. But here's the uncomfortable question. Why do some [music] experienced pilots quietly avoid it? If you're drawn to the hidden world of private aviation, where luxury meets risk in [music] unexpected ways, stay with me because this one breaks almost every rule. At first [music] glance, the Icon A5 doesn't look like a traditional aircraft. It looks like a toy, sleek, compact, almost harmless. And that's exactly [music] the point because this isn't built for airline pilots or billionaires with Gulfstreams. It's built [music] for something far more disruptive, people who've never flown before. That single [music] idea changes everything. Most aircraft demand years of training, strict certifications, and a mindset built on discipline. The A5 [music] flips that. It invites you in. But here's where it gets interesting. The wings fold, not just as a [music] gimmick, but to transform the entire ownership experience. You don't need a hangar. You don't [music] need airport access. You can literally tow it home like a jet ski, and suddenly [music] aviation stops feeling like an elite club, and starts feeling dangerously accessible. But that accessibility [music] comes with a trade-off, and we'll come back to that. Step closer and the illusion deepens. The cockpit doesn't feel like an aircraft. It feels like a luxury sports car that accidentally learned how to fly. >> [music] >> Minimal switches, clean interface. A single touchscreen controls most of what you see. It's designed to remove friction, and for beginners, that's intoxicating. But here's the question no one asks early enough. What happens when simplicity replaces [music] depth? Before we answer that, look at how it moves. This isn't about speed. At just over 100 [music] mph, it's slower than most private aircraft, but that's intentional [music] because the A5 isn't built to fly high above the world, it's built to skim it low over water, cutting across coastlines, landing where no [music] runway exists. And that's where it becomes something else entirely. A flying [music] watercraft, a machine that doesn't just take you from point A to B, but lets you explore [music] everything in between. And then there's the moment that sells the dream. The water landing. You descend slowly. The surface gets [music] closer, and instead of impact, there's a glide, smooth, controlled, [music] almost unreal. For a second, it feels like you've broken aviation itself. But here's the re-hook because not everything [music] about this aircraft is as effortless as it looks. Underneath that simplicity is a system designed to protect [music] you from mistakes. An angle of attack indicator quietly tells you when you're approaching danger. A ballistic parachute [music] can deploy in emergencies, lowering the entire aircraft from the sky. It sounds reassuring, >> and it is, to a point because when safety becomes automated, something else changes. [music] Pilot behavior. And this is where the story shifts because what makes the A5 [music] so easy to fly is also what has raised serious concerns inside the aviation community. But to [music] understand why, you need to look beyond the design and into the reality of owning and flying one. Because the biggest [music] surprise isn't how it flies, it's what happens after you buy it, and that's where everything [music] starts to get complicated because owning this aircraft isn't just about freedom, it's about entering a world that looks simple on the surface, but hides layers most buyers never expect. [music] Let's start with the obvious. At around $300,000, [music] the A5 feels almost affordable compared to private jets, a fraction of the cost of something like a turboprop or entry-level [music] jet. That's the hook, but the real cost doesn't stop there. Insurance can be unpredictable. Training, while [music] shorter, is still mandatory, and often more intensive than advertised. And then there's something few [music] people talk about. The company behind the Icon A5 introduced its own structured training program, not optional, controlled. Why? >> Because early on, there were concerns. Not about the machine itself, but about the people flying it. Remember that simplicity? It lowers [music] the barrier to entry, but it also introduces pilots who may not fully respect the complexity of flight, and that's where tension builds >> because aviation has always been built on discipline first, freedom second. The A5 [music] reverses that order. Freedom first, discipline later. And sometimes, [music] that gap matters. But here's the twist. Despite the concerns, demand didn't disappear. It grew. Because for a certain [music] type of buyer, this isn't about aviation purity, it's about experience. Landing on a private [music] lake, taxiing up to a shoreline no jet could ever reach, opening the canopy and feeling the air at low altitude. >> It's not transportation, it's lifestyle. And that's why comparisons to traditional aircraft fall apart. A $1 million [music] turboprop is faster, more capable, more respected, but it can't do this. It can't turn a weekend [music] into an adventure. It can't blur the line between flying and living. And that's the real product [music] being sold, not performance, not efficiency, access. Access to a version of aviation that feels personal, immediate, and almost [music] effortless. But here's the final re-hook because that access comes with a subtle cost most people never calculate, responsibility. When you remove barriers, you also [music] remove filters, and in aviation, those filters exist for a reason. So the A5 sits [music] in a strange position. Not quite a toy, not quite a traditional aircraft, something in between. A machine that [music] democratizes flight while quietly testing the limits of how accessible it should be. And that's what makes it [music] fascinating. Because it forces a question the industry has avoided for decades. What happens when flying [music] is no longer reserved for the highly trained, but open to anyone willing to try? For some, it's the future of personal aviation. For others, [music] it's a risk wrapped in luxury. Either way, it's already changing the conversation, and maybe that's the real story here. Not [music] the aircraft itself, but what it represents, a shift, a new kind of freedom, and a new kind of responsibility in [music] the skies. If this world fascinates you, subscribe to explore more hidden empires of the skies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaybeez99: Dumbest video I've seen

- “The Sovereign Skies: 5 Private Jets You Can Fly Yourself: Kind: captions Language: en Picture this. The runway shimmers under the morning sun. A soft hum rises from polished turbines. No waiting passengers. No flight crew chatter. Just you. One seat, one throttle, one sky. This isn't a dream of flight. It's a declaration of power. In the world of aviation, a quiet revolution has begun where billionaires, entrepreneurs, and visionaries no longer hire pilots. They become them. These are not the airliners of boardrooms and bodyguards. They are personal crowns crafted in metal, leather, and air. And today, we count down the five private jets that redefine sovereignty in the skies. Each designed for one purpose, to put total control into your hands. Let's begin where independence first meets luxury. Born in Brazil's innovation heartland, the Embraer Phenom 100 EV is where most pilots begin their ascent into the jet elite. Its silhouette sleek and confident. Its cabin lit by Embra's signature oval windows that flood the interior with daylight. At roughly $3 million, it's a ticket into a new realm of freedom. A compact powerhouse capable of cruising at over 400 mph, carrying seven passengers across 1,78 m. Just enough to skip from New York to Chicago without a single fuel stop. The cockpit is a technological cocoon powered by Garmin's G3000 avionics, touchscreens, smart automation, a co-pilot in code, and it sips fuel efficiently around 80 gall an hour, making it one of the most economical in its class. For those leaving piston aircraft behind, this jet feels like an initiation, a handshake between ambition and altitude. But for some, that isn't enough. They don't just want to fly. They want innovation written into their wings. Enter the Cirrus Vision Jet SF50 G2 Plus. The world's first true personal jet. It looks nothing like the rest. A single engine perched on its back, a Vtail cutting through clouds like a signature stroke. At 2 $75 million, it's the lightest, most accessible jet on this list. It flies 1/200 m at 300 mph, easily hopping between coasts or cities. But what sets it apart isn't speed, it's philosophy. This is the only jet in the world equipped with a whole aircraft parachute. Pull one handle and the entire jet floats safely to Earth. For new pilots, that changes everything. It replaces fear with confidence, turning every flight into freedom without compromise. The cockpit's perspective touch suite even senses when oxygen levels drop, triggering an automatic descent before you ever notice. It's thoughtful, human, beautifully cirrus. From Brazil to Minnesota, the dream of personal flight grows bolder. But to master the skies, you need more than accessibility. You need pedigree. And that's where the next jet steps in. A machine that has carried the world's elite for generations. Reborn for a single pilot's hand. The Cessna Citation M2 Gen 2. It's the symbol of aviation heritage. Twin engines, Jet Black Authority. Priced at nearly $6 million, the M2 Gen 2 is the bridge between personal flight and corporate command. It climbs to 41,000 ft above storms, above airliners at 460 mph. Inside, Garmin's triple screen flight deck gleams like a digital cathedral, reducing workload and amplifying safety. It's the jet that doesn't just fly, it endures decades of refinement. global service access and a lineage trusted by private pilots and Fortune 500 CEOs alike. And when you sit in its seat, you feel something subtle, a legacy in motion. But from here, the air thins and the stakes rise. Because the next aircraft on our list isn't built for comfort alone. It's built to land where no other jet dares, to turn dirt and gravel into runways, and isolation into luxury. The runway stretches out like brushed silver, but this time it isn't paved. Gravel, grass, even dirt. Most jets would tremble at the thought. But the Pilates PC24 doesn't just take off, it conquers. Built in the heart of Switzerland, where precision is a national art, the PC24 redefineses what's possible for a jet this size. Starting at just over $10 million, it's affectionately called the super versatile jet. And for good reason. It needs barely 2,900 ft of runway, half of what most jets require. That means private owners can land almost anywhere. Remote islands, mountain lodges, or estates hidden from the world's noise. Two Williams FJ44 engines roar behind it, pushing it to 440 mph with a range of nearly 2,000 mi. Inside, it's pure Pilates luxury. a flat floor cabin nearly 6 ft tall, handcrafted leather seating, and a silence that feels designed. It can carry up to 10 passengers or convert to a cargo layout for business operations. One day, it's a family retreat to the Alps. The next, a mobile boardroom over the Atlantic. This is not just aviation, it's freedom with a Swiss accent. But there's still one level above. A jet so precisely engineered that even gravity feels like an afterthought. A machine that fuses Japanese innovation with American craftsmanship. Born from the automotive dynasty of Honda. Enter the Honda Jet Elite 2. At first glance, it looks unlike any other jet. The engines mounted above the wings aren't a design quirk. They're a revelation. By removing the engines from the fuselage, Honda freed up cabin space, reduced drag, and quieted the interior until it feels almost sacred. It cruises at nearly 485 mph, reaching destinations over 1,500 m away. Yet, it remains intimate, perfect for a single pilot and six guests. Its takeoff distance just 3,900 ft. Climb rate 4,000 ft per minute. It slices through clouds like an arrow of light. Inside, the cabin feels more art gallery than aircraft. Every line is clean, every detail intentional. Soft LED lighting, whisper quiet engines, and a fully enclosed lavatory rare even among jets twice its size. The Garmin G3000 cockpit transforms the flight deck into a symphony of screens and synthetic vision. And beneath it all, GE Honda HF120 engines sip just 85 gall. Unheard of efficiency in this performance class. But numbers alone don't crown it king. What gives the Honda Jet its throne is its spirit. It's the embodiment of Honda's philosophy, the power of dreams. When founder Mitimasa Fujino first sketched its over-the-wing design on a napkin, many called it impossible. Today, it's one of the quietest, most efficient, most elegant private jets ever built. Imagine this moment. The engines hum, the runway glows beneath you, and the horizon bends to your will. There's no crew, no waiting, just you commanding the elements. From the rugged versatility of the Pilatus to the futuristic grace of the Honda Jet, one truth rises above the clouds. The age of the owner pilot is here. Where independence is measured not in wealth but in altitude? And as the turbines fade into the distance, one question remains. If you had the power to own the sky, which jet would you choose? Leave your answer below and join the world of luxury enigma where power isn't just possessed, it's flown. Subscribe because the next story takes us even higher.

- How to Master Networking in 9 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en Networking is one of the most important aspects of business because deals, jobs, and partnerships don't just go to the most qualified, they go to the most connected. The truth is 90% of people don't know how to network. Most people think networking is about collecting business cards and meeting people. And that's an element of it. The hard part is building relationships and maintaining relationships. And now I'm going to share seven strategies and principles anyone can apply to build their network. Number one, invite everybody. This past year, I was going to a Polar Plunge. I had 20 tickets and I would call people up and invite them, be like, "I'd love to do this event with you. It's a fundraiser. You know, we're going to jump in a frozen lake. It's a Polar Plunge." Now, some would say no, but they still appreciate it and thank me so much for thinking of them. And others would say yes, and then we had an incredible experience and memory together. But the bottom line is I didn't invite 10 of the 20 tickets. Everybody gets an invite. Go out of your way. Invite everybody. Fill up the tables because people feel heard and wanted and they remember and appreciate the ask. Number two, gifts are a powerful weapon. So, I'm a big believer in gifting. Every time that I do a podcast, I send the person that hosted me on their podcast a gift. It should be the opposite. Usually, like the person that does the podcast, maybe they would get a thank you note. I flip the script on that. And I'll say this. Hey John, there's 8 billion people in the world and you chose me to be on your podcast. Thank you so much. As my appreciation, I want to send you this whatever you're sending a book, a gift card, a watch, I don't know. Gifts can be a really big part of your business strategy and certainly of your networking strategy. And a gift doesn't have to be expensive. It's the gesture and the thought when people least expect it. That's the key. Gift them. Number three, three minute a day rule. So networking isn't about collecting business cards. It's not even about how many people you know. It's about who knows you. And everybody is one meeting, one referral, one introduction away from changing the entire trajectory of your life. So I've always been a big believer in planting a lot of seeds in a lot of different directions. And I take about 3 minutes a day to do it. I'll give you an example. I went to a basketball camp every year for 20 years that Coach K, the coach at Duke puts on. So, one day I was getting on a plane. I shot coach a text that just said, "Coach, thank you so much for doing this. Every year I feel like an 8-year-old when I go to your camp. No need to respond. Thank you. You're having an impact. Send." Took about 45 seconds to send that text. But what now what I've done is now I have permission now if I see Coach K ever at a restaurant to say hello to him. He'll be like, "Oh, coach, I sent you a text. Who's the first person he's going to hug at out of a hundred campers at camp?" Me. It took less than a minute. If I invest three minutes a day and send three of those text, DM, handwritten letter, the three people a day over the course of a year, I'll plant over a,000 seeds in all kinds of different directions. Number four, follow up on everything. If you say you're going to do something, do it. Now, what does that have to do with network? It is everything to do with networking because networking is built on trust. People want to do business with people that they trust. People want to be around people that they like to be around and that they trust. Everything gets a follow-up. You have a meeting, they get a thank you note. You get a call and say, "I'm going to call you back in an hour." You call them back in an hour. It's part of your reputation, and your reputation is a huge part of your network. Number five, drop in when they least expect it, but they need it the most. So, this year was the 2-year anniversary of my father's death. I woke up that morning and there was a text on my phone from my friend Moren. I'm not even that close with Moren. And it said, "Just thinking about you today. I know it's the two-year anniversary of your dad's death. Really hope you're doing okay. Sending love. Our family's thinking about you." How in the world did Moren remember that it was the 2-year anniversary of my father's I have over 10,000 people in my contact list. Of those 10,000, Moren's the only person that reached out to me 2 years after my father died. Unbelievable networking tool. And I'm sure she didn't do it to network. She wanted to reach out to me on this day, but I'll never forget it. And anything Moren wants, I'll do for Moren just because of that simple gesture. I actually call that Mo's rule. That's Moren's rule. So, one thing you could do is just make a list of people in your life that are important to you and big moments in their life. Call them on the anniversary of those days. Maybe they stopped drinking, maybe they stopped gambling, maybe it was a victory or celebration or an anniversary of selling their company, whatever. Reach out to them when they least expect it and they need it the most. Number six, show up. People do business with people that they see all the time and people that they trust. And showing up is one of the most impactful, underrated skills that anyone can do. I had a terrible thing happen to our family. The next day, I get a knock on my door. It's my friend Douggee Fresh the rapper. I'm like, "Doug, what are you doing here?" He said, "Man, when you get news like that, you don't call. you show up for the rest of my life, I will never forget that. And it's so true. If you have people in your life that are grieving and you don't reach out to them or show up for them, they'll never forget it. And if you do, they'll always remember it. Be remembered for showing up. I've met so many people in my life that like are so much more talented than me, smarter than me, but I was always the one that showed up. More times than not, it got me deals. Number seven, stay in the mix. Stay top of mind with people. Don't ever underestimate the importance of reaching out to people and sending them an email. If you know somebody loves surfing, send them a YouTube clip on surfing. If you know someone loves some kind of healthy food, send them a recipe. Like, stay top of mind. I think that's the most important thing of networking is to create a strategy that allows you to stay top of mind. So, for me, that's emails, that's DMs, that's handwritten letter. Man, who would love this information? Who would love to go to this concert? Who would? And send them. Hey, thought of you. Thought you would like this. Hey, thought of you. Thought you would like that. Very simple, one way, without asking for anything. And watch the floodgates open. The whole web is connected. It might not be the person you meet, but it could be the person that you meet that can introduce you to the person you need to get with. I remember when I went to college, the first day I got great advice, and it was like, put yourself in your dorm room and go right to the basketball courts. And I was like, "The basketball course?" They're like, "Yeah, get in a pickup game and you'll meet 10 people right away in the first hour." And I actually did that and met some of my best friends, joined the fraternity of the guys that were playing basketball and totally changed my college trajectory cuz I put myself in a situation to meet people. Since then, when I graduated college, same thing. I'm not making connections sitting in my apartment and watching the Kardashians. I'm making connections, walking the streets, going to coffee shops, going to events, and putting myself out there. So, anyone that just moved to a new city, go out, put yourself in situations where you can network. And don't sit in the corner of the room. Own the room. Make yourself stand out. You know, stand out through caring the most. Stand out through your energy. Stand out from being friendly. Stand out by asking questions. Stand out by being curious. Stand out by following through after you leave the club when you have people's numbers. The best networking is for me has always been face to face. Especially in my 20s and 30s, I really spent a lot of time making sure that I was going to the places where people congregated that I wanted to meet. That was really important. And I also followed up. It happened the other night to me at the Nick game. I saw someone sitting across from me and I wrote him a text and it said, "I didn't get to introduce myself in the Nick game. Saw you. I'm a big fan for XYZ reasons. Send." put yourself in situations where you can network, but you can also do virtual taps on the shoulders, too, to stay and get connected. I met my business partner on a basketball court in New York City playing basketball. He was in the apparel business. I owned the Go New York Go, the trademark at the time for the Knicks. I wanted to put the Knicks song on a t-shirt. I went to him and we built four businesses together after that for a lot of money. Every situation's an opportunity. Standing online at a coffee shop is an opportunity. My brother's close friend was at a bar and met a guy at the bar that gave him a job at his hedge fund. They ultimately became partners and ultimately became billionaires. Totally true story. Now, that's one in a zillion, but it happened. He put himself in a situation to meet somebody, network, then worked himself up through talent, skill, and everything else. So, it happened. The most important deals that have come to me or that I've been involved with are with people that I met in my 20s, 30s, and 40s. They're not people that were from my hometown or that I grew up with. The more people that know you, the better the chances that you're going to meet that one person, have that one meeting that can change the entire trajectory of your

  Top Comments:
  1. @АндрейПлетнёв-ы1ъ [20 likes]: Three minutes a day? That’s manageable! Just like how Rumora automates my brand's presence in YouTube comments.
  2. @rapidnis1872: Donald trump???
  3. @TochStyle: great tips lol feel like i dont think about alot of these things , do feel in LA more of those kind of people you need to meet though
  4. @kajikanna: Solid
  5. @artlover441: Crazy to have Matthew McConaughey teach you this
  6. @TooHungryToQuit: crazy value in this vid
  7. @thompsenlifestyle: How to be of value tho I feel like just talking to them can feel like a waste of their time so curious how you can add value
  8. @markhor5372: Your way of presentation is so good and smooth
  9. @gulaycevik1363: Thank you!
  10. @gulaycevik1363: This is gold!!!!
  11. @SarahinFive: This video is for men & hustle culture. It is not for women.
  12. @Chandra-zone: 👌  wow just mind blowing 🤯,  super ideas, very helpful 👏
  13. @playGEMJI: Aligns 100% with what I do :) The thing is that even if you don't do 8 ot 8, the fact that you know them and you strive to tick all boxes makes you 10x better than everybody else ;)
  14. @ceoshuvo: *1. Invite everybody 
2. Gifts are a powerful weapon
3. Three minutes day rule
4. Follow up on everything
5. Drop in when they least expect it, but they need it the most
6. Show up
7. Stay in the mix
8 Get out and stand out*
  15. @Shifuvip: Thanks dad! I'm noting everything down
  16. @BradPerez-x2r: good advices
  17. @WeAreAllPerfectasis: Love your style of networking 😊
  18. @akaracalligraphy86: Kiara advani is best❤❤😊
  19. @aniketsingh1057: This is my first time watching you and I just love your energy 💓💓
  20. @Arielrivas-z4p: this is super helpful thanks for sharing

- Magellan Jets Aircraft Sales & Management: Kind: captions Language: en aircraft sales and management uh is the newest product line in mellan Jets Aviation portfolio that really closes the loop and really the circle of life for a private flyer we have on demand Charter our jet membership program The Legacy product is our uh is our 25h hour 50-hour jet card product full aircraft ownership uh is one of those one of the pillars of Mell and jets is customer Advocates and really sitting on the same side of the table with our customers and through the launch of our aircraft sales and management uh we're there for uh the purchase of that uh of that asset uh and then the the next step is really the management of that asset and for our customers that are interested in offsetting uh the cost of aircraft ownership um what we're doing is is we're helping them do that through putting the aircraft into our own network uh for our jet card programs membership programs Etc and we have the relationships with the operator so if we have a customer who's going to put their plane uh on certificate with an operator well we have those relationships we've built those relationships over the last 15 years so I think what our customers will find is that relationship building that we've done with operators who we know do this really well is just going to give make the process a lot easier and smoother

- How to Sell Jets With No Brand, No Website, Nothing: Kind: captions Language: en you don't need to be famous to sell private jets the richest Brokers are the ones no one has ever heard of everyone knows Steve from the jet business because of his content but what if I told you the real money in jet brokering isn't made by the guys on YouTube It's Made Behind Closed Doors by brokers who don't post don't brand themselves and don't even have a public website they operate off Market where the biggest deals actually happen and if you know how to play the game right you can sell Jets without anyone ever knowing your name I'm going to show you how the off-market Jet game where the Real Deals happen Tom don't say this but most people think selling Jets is like selling cars you list online Market it and buyers just come rolling in H I wish it was that easy the private jet Market doesn't work like that rich buyers don't want public listings sellers don't want random people knowing what they own most deals happen off Market they get closed through private connections not public ads and that some of the best jet Brokers don't have huge personal brands or flashy YouTube channels not all of them would like to give this away cuz it would only increase the competition but I like doing this and I hope more people get into Aviation it genuinely changed my life and my goal is to help getting people to understand what's missing and not live shallow in their usual sales jobs much respect to all people who work hard but don't you want something more challenging and daring that not only is relatively easy to get into but pays 100 times better than your current job okay let's get back to the point those top Brokers we were talking about they're making six and seven figures in the shadows and all they're doing is connecting buyers and sellers and cashing in and if you know how to position yourself you can do the same step one why rich people prefer invisible Brokers if you had a $30 million jet would you list on Craigslist of course not wealthy buyers and sellers don't want exposure they want discretion they want off-market deals here's why buyers don't want competition if a listing goes public other buyers start driving the price up sellers don't want people knowing they're selling it can signal Financial issues or business changes and frankly it's nobody's business big money moves happen quietly the richest people make deals through Word of Mouth not Instagram that's why the best brokers are the ones who operate lowkey they're trusted because they don't run their mouth they just close deals here's how you can get into the game without being a big name step two how to find jet sellers without a public brand if sellers don't list their Jets publicly how do you find them here's the secret private Aviation databases like Jetnet and amstat have every aircraft owner and sale history aircraft dealerships and Brokers many Brokers get overflow inventory they don't have time to sell wealth manager referrals High net worth individuals trust their financial advisers with big sales Aviation attorneys and tax experts people selling jets for tax reasons need a quick quiet exit your job position yourself as a person who can bring them a buyer because once you have a seller getting a buyer can be 10 times easier step three how to find buyers without an audience you don't need a YouTube channel or a huge social media following to find jet buyers you just need the right connections the right relationships here's where the real buyers are hiding luxury business networks country clubs yacht clubs investor meetups private jet charter owners Charter companies buy Jets to add to their Fleet Real Estate Investors and CEOs many jet buyers are highlevel Executives looking for convenience family offices and wealth managers they buy jets for their billionaire clients one right connection that's all it takes to get a six-figure commission check step four the networking hack that gets you trusted fast here's the biggest problem when you're new why would a high net worth person trust you with a multi-million dollar deal here's the cheat code to gain credibility fast leverage an existing broker's reputation work under a respected broker first get introduced by a trusted connector ask a lawyer wealth manager or charter company for a warm introduction start with smaller deals even connecting buyers to Brokers earns you a cut on commissions speak the industry language learn your Aviation basic so you sound like you've been in the game for years and not like a noob once one person trusts you drawes open fast step five how to get paid the math to 100K per deal this is where it gets fun when a $10 million jet sells Brokers can make 1 to 2% on the deal so here's how the numbers shake out I'll leave them on the screen right in case you want to look at it $5 million jet at a 3% commission $150,000 10 million 3% 300,000 25 million 3% 750,000 and guess what even if you only help connect the buyer you can still get a finder fee which is often 2 to$ 5,00 per deal imagine just Closing one deal per year you've out earned 99% of salespeople so here's why most people will never do this most people will never step into jet broker because they think they need a big name they think they need to be Steve from the jet business to sell private jets excuse my language but truth is that's simply not the case the highest paid Brokers aren't flexing on social media they're in the shadows closing quiet six-figure deals while no one knows their name this is how the real money is made in private Aviation the only question is are you going to step up what to do next smash the like button if you haven't already go watch my other videos they'll help you get started and check out my links below for a free guide and if you're new here subscribe because I drop real money-making plays like this every single week my name is Tom L I pulled back the curtain on private Aviation to help you buy and sell private jets without wasting time or losing money I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThoughtsofARenaissanceman [2 likes]: Hey Tom, what's up, man? I definitely love and appreciate your content and one of the angles that I've been taking is messaging, golf clubs, yacht clubs, and high-end auto shows! Currently have my first one coming up in a few days. Will definitely keep the community posted on how it goes.
  2. @AgLord-dq5gm [2 likes]: Good day!
I'm a 19 yo girl who is selling chartered empty legs and facing a problem getting clients 
Can we talk to get some advice of ur experience?
  3. @tateslifestylevlogs [2 likes]: Bro , can i get mentorship from you .
  4. @manimrityunjay7785 [1 likes]: Hi, I am from India and new to this, how do i find a place to start like a broker under whom i can work?
  5. @supahninja943 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video man , I just got done watching the 33 minute one 👌🏾
  6. @SAKSHAM..100: Men I want those people who want charter for rent amm 16

- Advice for Future Jet Brokers - Central Florida Business Aviation Association CFBAA Presentation: Kind: captions Language: en foreign theology became a youth pastor was trying to figure out a way to support a big family with five children so decided to get into Aviation what else that's great and got into aircraft sales and uh in the past two years he has sold over 40 private aircraft and in the meantime he's also become a private pilot he got his private pilot license has a hundred hours and earns a 170 and owns a 172. so today he will share with you how he found success in aviation despite little or no background in aviation Tom welcome up here with a little bit of imposter syndrome going on I'm not a fighter pilot you know I'm not the CEO of one of the largest jet brokerages in the entire world I don't have seven kids I only have five but I do have two golden doodles so I'm basically just like Emily and uh you know I wasn't in the military like Chris was in the FAA and now you know one of the the leaders of mbwa so I'm sitting up here like what am I doing on this stage today and I hope that I can deliver some value to you because I've had a long journey from being a youth pastor into selling multi-million dollar Jets and it's been an interesting uh Journey for me that I'm going to share with you in a few tips and tricks that I've learned along the way growing up I've had a lot of different jobs I started off as a lifeguard at a local pool I thought it'd be a good place to pick up some ladies I was a pizza delivery guy I remember one time leaving the delivery truck on overnight and I got a call in the morning from my boss luckily I wasn't fired but he was pissed and uh I also have played music at church with my girlfriend at the time maybe you're seeing a little bit of a theme going on here in college I sold knives with Vector Marketing and sales Cutco knives give a shout out that's how I afforded my very first iPod I'm not that old it was a color iPod but it did have a wheel on it I went to school for theology I wanted to be a youth pastor and so I was very excited coming out of college as getting a job as a youth pastor but of course as you probably know working for the church doesn't always pay the bills I had a lot of sides hustles as well videography was one of my passions I was a personal trainer at a local YMCA and I dabbled like most young adults do in network marketing so if you're looking for a job you can do from home with little of no experience on social media give me a call I'll be happy to set you up on my team for some social upper network marketing so I've had a lot of jobs over the years but in March of 2020 I was offered in a position to sell private jets at the time I was the manager of a music school and they were willing to take a chance on a guy with no experience as I mentioned I was a former youth pastor I had a family of five kids I had a little bit of savings saved up but I had some soft skills from all of my experience lifeguarding selling knives youth pastor Etc so I accepted the job I put my two weeks notice in at the music school where I was a manager that was March of 2020. can anyone guess what happened after I quit my job covid pandemic the world shut down and I got a call from my agency that I was going to start working at saying hey Tom we can't hire you right now the world is shut down you're gonna have to wait okay I ended up working out of my mom's condo for 60 days selling fruits and vegetables in a capsule to friends and family to pay the bills for that month but thankfully the world started to open up a little bit and I began working at that agency and it started a whole new chapter in my life when it comes to finding your career you're going to have all different kinds of Seasons many of you are probably really excited right now because you have your whole future in front of you just the way I felt when I graduated college and was going to be a youth minister some of you recently may have just made a choice to change careers or change your path and so maybe you're a little unsure like I was when I decided to stop being a youth pastor and go into the business world and a few of you may have just been rejected from your future and now you're worried and concerned like how I felt when covet hit and I didn't have a job for a little while but despite all that I believe that when it comes to finding success in your career always bet on yourself and I didn't plan this with any of the other speakers but I feel like that's one of the main themes that everyone's talking about today is to bet on yourself to be confident in yourself to take your future into your own hands because nobody will care more about your situation than yourself when you take responsibility for your life and its direction instead of relying on others or blaming others that's when you will find success and so over the past two years as uh as Lou mentioned I sold over 40 private jets at my agency and now I want to share with you the lessons that I learned and wish that I knew when I was starting out and so the next few minutes I'm going to share three commitments that you need to make in order to be successful no matter what your career path will be number one be committed to your ongoing learning Emily kind of talked about that earlier and so did Michelle be committed to meeting new people and new experiences I swear I did not share this with Emily she's just taking all my talking points earlier today and number three be committed to repetition repetition so I did there like a like a dad joke all right but by committing to these three things you will make sure that you stay in control of your future by always betting on yourself so the first thing we're talking about is be committed to ongoing learning and I know that font's a little light but it says hard work beats Talent when talent doesn't work hard this is like I said my son plays competitive soccer this is a sign over the gym over the squat rack and I love it because my superpower is learning taking in information I'm not talking about I'm not a bookworm that's my wife I love her but she's she's the one who has to go go to the library study for hours and that's how she soaks in information I'm not I'm not that kind of a learner I mean taking in processing information that helps me improve myself do you ever study for a test that you just couldn't couldn't figure things out you couldn't make it click you know probably because you didn't you thought to yourself how does this apply to my how does this make me better but is when you got into a course when you got into a study that you're like oh this is going to change my life then you were able to process the information that's one of my superpowers so I love to learn if you grow this muscle this habit of always learning you will reach your full potential as an individual and so I want to share a few things that you can work on right now to become that kind of a learner learn your trade but also learn other skills so some of you are in school right now you're gonna become a pilot you're going to become an engineer you're going to become an operator whatever it is learn your trade but also learn other skills that are going to help you become a well-rounded person and and I would say there's two aspects that you should probably look at learn how to do sales marketing and communication that soft skill will serve you no matter what and that's kind of where the Cutco knives came in and learn about your own spirituality slash world view and what I mean by that is you should build your character when it comes to business Aviation what I learned is that there's a lot of freedom in business Aviation for you to conduct yourself however you want to conduct yourself there's not always someone looking over your shoulder especially when it comes to Jet sales and so who you are is really important and knowing who you are as a character and a person is is extremely important so if you're gonna learn your trade I also want to encourage you to learn other skills beyond your trade that are going to make you more well-rounded what this looked like for me was my first year as a salesperson I invested 40 of my paycheck into sales training I went to seminars I went to online courses I paid for mentorships I paid to get in front of people that were better than me and I was able to double my paycheck from year one to year two and so what did I do that next year I did the same thing I put almost half my paycheck back into myself so that I could grow my paycheck double it again the following year I know a lot of people you know especially when you're younger you're looking at how do I invest is it crypto is it stocks is it real estate the first thing you need to do before any of that is invest in yourself don't be afraid to spend a hundred a thousand ten thousand dollars on yourself to make you a better person uh both professionally and personally number two learn on the job but don't use your customers as practice this is very tempting so when I first started my first day of being a jet broker I had three days of training to learn how the Jets work why people um why people sell their Jets and you know basic conversations they gave me a script I didn't really practice with it and that was a mistake and so I remember getting on the phones that first couple of days and my manager said something to me that I didn't think made any sense and I still don't he said to me Tom when you talk to somebody don't talk about the jet you want me to call somebody and my ultimate goal is to get them to let me sell their Jet and you're telling me don't talk about the jet didn't make any sense to me so I started making my phone calls hello hello mostly voicemails I had 20 voicemails in a row until call number 21 I was expecting a voicemail I it's ring ring ring hello somebody answered the phone I didn't know what to do hi uh Mr Smith this is uh Tom with ABC Jets what do you want do you want to sell your jet nope click and I just remember being like Oh my gosh that was the first conversation I had as a jet broker I quit my job I have a little bit of savings I am absolutely not cut out for this because the one thing they told me to do I failed that and he just hung up on me the problem was I was learning on the job but I was expecting my customers to be practiced I should have prepared myself for when somebody actually answered the phone and that kind of leads me into the second piece learn from your failures and anticipate the roadblocks that are coming ahead so that you can train past them now when I call somebody I don't say hey Mr Smith this is Tom how you doing I say hello Bob Tom with Jet Life Arrow good morning what do you think they're going to say good morning I'm controlling the conversation now now sometimes they'll say I'm good so now I know I don't have their attention but if they say good morning I know we're okay we're on the same page the reason for the call Bob is because I wanted to know if you're looking to upgrade your CJ this year if I found you a retail buyer and can get you a replacement is that something you'd be interested in now there's only three options for him to say yes tell me more nope hang up or no I'm not interested but he doesn't hang up and so now that I've practiced on my own I've controlled the conversation I can now take control of that conversation and open it up and that is the difference between being an amateur and being a professional not because of any great skill that I have but it over a skill that I've developed over time and you can too when I was in high school I grew up in northern New Jersey go New York Giants I was on a The Varsity soccer team and we were playing the number one team in the state undefeated for the past three years and I remember being in the locker room and my coach saying to me gentlemen we're facing the toughest competition all season what I want you to do is I want you to control the controllables control what you can control and so we had a very specific strategy everybody get back stand in front of the goal make sure that they don't score on us and hopefully something happens later on well that's exactly what we did our forward got into uh the box at one point he took a dive not gonna lie he took a dime we got a penalty kick we scored we won broke the streak but we controlled when I was at my agency I saw a lot of people fail and some were people that had more experience than me some were individuals that were better skilled than I was they had better storytelling they had better connections I couldn't control their outcome but I could control my output I bet on myself I had hard work I stayed late I hit my targets I hit my goals and you all can do the same when you're starting out in your career you have a rare opportunity to learn from your experience so I want to tell you to work hard chain your weaknesses and learn as much as you can so that's commitment number one be committed to learning commit number two be committed to meeting new people and having new experiences I like this quote Best Known beats best Emily said earlier it's not what you know it's who you know I'm going to challenge you it's not who you know it's who knows you are you making yourself known best known beats best I love my iPhone some people may disagree you might be Android people you might say the Android has a better camera it's got better compatibility I like my iPhone it's known it's comfortable that's what I prefer if you think about it a lot of the products and services that we all use every single day they're not the best everyone knows McDonald's doesn't have the best hamburger in the world but they sell more than anyone else by the way Wendy's is the best hamburger everyone knows that it's the best known that beats the best every single day so why this is important is because if people don't know you they can't do business with you working with first-time jet buyers so that means I need to go to where the best where the first time jet buyers are and I need to speak their language if you're a pilot you have to go where the operators are and make yourself known and so the question you need to be asking yourself is who's got my future your future is in the hands of somebody else and you have to take responsibility to get in front of those people who's got your future it rests in the hands of someone that can hire you someone who can pay you or someone who knows someone this is The Internship the mentorship that Emily was talking about your future relies on other people so go make yourself known with them and here are three concrete steps to make yourself known it's a little similar to what Emily have but here's what we're going to do number one set up your digital presence it might be a LinkedIn it might be a website it might be an Instagram for me it's mostly YouTube that's where I want people to go if they want to know how to find me if you're on your phone right now go to Google type in your name what pops up are you comfortable with that because when you send your resume guess what your employer is going to do they're going to Google you and you better be comfortable with what pops up so you decide where you want to send people if it's LinkedIn great if it's a website great whatever it might be build out your presence number two add your voice to the conversation this is Michelle this is Mace I reached out to her last week when I found out I was kind of speaking with her she posted a headshot of her did anybody see that she posted a headshot of her that was generated by AI so she uploaded a few photos of herself and the computer spit out a headshot of it's you can't see this one so I contributed to the conversation saying hey I'm not too worried about deep deep fakes anytime soon this was fun though if you can see it you come up later it is the cheesiest most ugly face you could ever see like me that was that that that was generated by Ai and so add your voice to the conversation if you want to be known set yourself up and add your voice to the conversation that's already going on what I noticed after about being in jet sales for about a year I kept getting the same questions over and over hey how does a phase one through four inspection work you know how much what's the fuel burn on a citation 500 et cetera Etc so I started to create videos and content that I could send buyers to educate them quickly quickly because when you want to learn something you want to just devour information and so I started the conversation myself as you learn and engage in the conversations ask yourself who are the people that you're trying to get in front of and what problem can you solve for them it was really interesting when I started the ultimate check I used to be called Jet Life with Tom it was a personal brand that would be an extension of my career and as a result of starting the conversation I was able to develop my craft by teaching others I began to become more and more knowledgeable myself I built a library of content to be seen as author authoritative I was providing transparency to the people that I wanted to work with me and it was an opportunity for me to work while I was sleeping I pulled the stats in last week I had over a hundred hours of watch time on my YouTube channel now while that's nothing compared to Mr Beast you know or Dude Perfect a hundred hours of watch time means I was able to double my weekly output to sell Jets while I was sleeping this year alone I've had two clients sign a contract with me that a potential six-figure contracts because they saw my YouTube channel I still have to deliver on those agreements so no guarantees that's going to come through but we have signed contracts because of starting the conversation because I was committed to meeting new people via this digital continent so let me be clear this takes a lot of work but it's all work that you can do on the side and it will help you become a better and better individual frequency before greatness be committed to repetition repetition you've heard the story probably of Thomas Edison you know that he was creating the light bulb and when he finally created the light bulb a reporter came up to and said hey congratulations I heard you failed ten thousand times creating a light bulb he said I didn't fail 10 000 times I found 10 000 ways not to make a light bulb when it comes to a career in aviation you just have to jump in it's kind of been the main theme of today there will be a bunch of stuff that you don't know industry knowledge that you don't know about procedures that you don't know about people that you should be talking to that you're not talking to people that you shouldn't be talking to that you might be talking to you're going to make mistakes but don't let that stop you it's in and through the repetition that you grow frequency comes before greatness that is a fact if you're looking for greatness we need the frequency and the repetition first so here are a few tasks that you can do repetition that will help you grow number one learn more well what are you going to learn learn sales learn marketing learn industry knowledge world news technology and if you don't know where to find this stuff ask someone ask someone right how do I find out the industry news how do I find out industry news I didn't know for three years until I started getting involved with mbwa until I started getting involved with LinkedIn a lot of the news that I find now is via LinkedIn because there's other people that are posting the news I'm like oh I didn't know that Oscar the Grouch was the new uh spokesperson for Spirit Airlines trash and sustainability thank you LinkedIn so learn about the industry learn your knowledge I believe that the reason I was even able to get into private Aviation was because of these soft skills I didn't come in as a pilot I didn't come in as a mechanic I didn't come in as a professional salesperson I came in as somebody that had some dabbled in sales dabbled in marketing I could speak well I liked technology and they took a chance on me the other task you can do connect with others grow your network look for new customers current and past customers other professionals that means calling people texting them emailing connect with other people I like to connect with people through video that's why I do YouTube I can present myself I can put it out there people can find me and lastly make content so this is being committed to the repetition being committed to the frequency be committed to making content Evergreen content frequently asked questions that you get all the time tutorials industry news be committed to creating the content and know this chances are no one's going to see it at first Mr Beast will tell you if you want to be a YouTuber the first hundred videos you're going to do no one's going to see it Grant Cardone he does like huge 10x marketing he says assume nobody sees it just make the content because in doing so you're going to learn you're going to become better and it's going to help you overall become a more well-rounded individual by making these contents and you're gonna if you do interviews you're gonna have an opportunity to work with other people and network like we're talking about imagine doing all these things even if you just do a little bit if you did all of these things and you and you committed to this frequency before greatness you would be in the top 10 of Aviation Professionals in the industry right now because I will tell you it's an old 80 20 rule 80 percent of people just kind of status quo 10 of people they're declining they're getting smaller and there's the top 10 percent of people who are always growing if you are committed to to the repetition and growing one percent better each and every day just a little bit better you will become the top 10 of your industry and if that's what you're looking for this is exactly how you do it we're heading into what a lot of people call recession this is your window of opportunity a lot of people are gonna just hunker down and try to ride it out some people are going to quit because they rode the last two years of success when it was easy and they don't know what to do when things get hard and some of you or some people are going to take advantage of this opportunity and they're going to grow and they're going to knock it out of the park and so I want to encourage you to you can check out my website because a lot of people will ask me you know Tom can you help me in my journey and Emily talked about it earlier about finding a mentor and yes that's exactly what I do and I'd love to schedule a call with you if you go to the ultimatejetguide.com forward slash cfbaa that's exactly what I would love to connect with you on it's a free call just give me a buzz or find me on the social media it's all on that website and I remember when I first started I wanted a mentor so I went to my oldest mentor of my entire life when I first started in business Aviation Mr Google and what I found is there was not a lot out there when it comes to private Aviation you might have found the same if you look for a pilot Mentor or mechanic Mentor or a how to be a jet broker Mentor like it doesn't exist even Emily said they don't even post that stuff on their website well here's your opportunity if you want to connect with someone and it's not just about connecting with me but I also connect individuals with other people like Emily said we love leveraging our Network to help other people out two weeks ago a girl called me she's like hey I've been watching your YouTube videos I don't know if you if you're if you're into this or not but like I have a couple questions about how to get involved in aviation I've been sending out you know resumes and no one's getting back to me sure we talked on the phone for an hour and after that I found out kind of what she was looking for I was able to put her in touch uh with uh with a colleague actually at genoviva who put her in contact with their internship department and now they're going back and forth and they're trying to find an internship for her so that's the kind of thing that I'm I'm very passionate about is encouraging the Next Generation and if you want to get a hold of me for that that is uh the best website for you to go to so I want to leave you with this I've had a lot of jobs in my life and I will tell you where I'm at right now is I spent the last couple of years really building up my business and and all these skills and everything that I learned I want to share it with you not because if you do it you'll find success and that's it but because these are skills that you're going to come back to what I have learned is that life is about Seasons life is about cycles and so I'm starting a new cycle myself in November I left my agency and I'm starting out on my own again I have to go back to all of this I have to go back to being committed to learning I have to go back to being committed to networking with people I have to go back to be committed to to reaching out to people and to growing and so you're going to go through different Cycles in your career you're going to be in a cycle where it's all you know all negative and things are really hard and I want to tell you stay you're going to go through Cycles where it's kind of stable status quo not much going on stay committed and you're going to be in cycles that are really exciting and you can't wait to wake up the next day and go to work stay committed if you want to find success Beyond Aviation just in life and bet on yourself this is why I'm betting on myself this is my family this is my why and the only reason you're going to be able to stay committed able to bet on yourself and take responsibility and take control of your future is if you have a why like this my why is my is providing for my five kids and this is a story of where we got a chance to Charter a private jet for a family vacation family vacation there and back now that I'm starting out on my own I'm like I'm never going to be able to do that again but that's my why that's why I'm staying committed and I'm betting on myself and I want to encourage you to do the same thank you [Music] [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kingpincloser [1 likes]: Love how you mention character, I live by a quote   
“Hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create weak men, and weak men create hard times.”  not many people mention it in the business world
  2. @hashamkhan1930 [1 likes]: Great  motivational speech Tom. You are Genius
  3. @kingpincloser: Life is about season's!!!

- Should you sell BIG Private Jets or small jets? Aircraft Broker Training: Kind: captions Language: en let's go over something I haven't gone over yet is the different types of aircraft that are available uh the pros and cons to them and I'm going to do a full webinar on this but I just wanted to go over it with you real quick because we're looking to you know choose your market so you've got very light Jets SL light Jets you've got midsize and you've got Heavies and then you go into the commercial airliner type size umin that if you're looking at you know the pros and cons of each the the light Jets typically are owner operators um they usually will be they can be single pilot which is a big plus for some guys especially for owner operators they can seat usually between four in the cabin all the way up to eight in the cabin once we get above eight uh we're starting to look into the Heavies and so I'll the pros you know on that is usually the price point doesn't really go above 10 million and these are kind of really Broad broad you know unless you're looking like brand new but usually it's 10 million below um and like I said it's it can be single pilot uh lower cost of Maintenance because things are smaller although you know some people will will will make the argument that because things are smaller if you think about you know a computer where all the components have to be you know shrunken down to fit into a smaller frame it's almost more labor because you got to go through a bunch of stuff to to to find where you know the the circuit's been hidden um or it's more complicated because things get fused together just like you see in your iPhones you know the smaller they get you know if one component goes out well now you got to replace the whole like motherboard or whatever it might be so but in general it's a lower cost of Maintenance you know the engines are not as big the components are not as expensive and and and that's kind of some of the benefits it's get get me from point A to point B uh you're not necessarily sprawling out you know I took my family on a on a Bravo which has eight seats we only fit five in the back and even with the five like spreading out with luggage and stuff you know we felt like it was big enough but if I had five or six adults in the back um it would be kind of a different story so you start to kind of feel uh how small they are the more people you add to them the the the the Heavies are kind of the the other side of the equation you know these are jets that you know I'm 5'4 I can I can stand up comfortably in them you're still only pretty much a single eye but you may have you know one of the sides has two two seats on it you may have a larger couch uh in there the bathrooms there may be multiple bathrooms uh you might have a cruise station so that the the the the flight attendant are separated from the rest of the cabin uh they have longer range the light jets are typically limited to about a th000 nautical miles maybe 1500 nautical miles so going up and down the coast it works well uh within a Tri-State are area it works well but if you're going across the country you're going to need more legs that's where you get into the Heavies the Heavies will go uh the 22 2600 nautical miles that is you know going across the United States that's going over the pond if you need to travel to Europe you're looking at a heavy jet you're still going to be limited you know 8 10 maybe 12 passengers I mean until you get to really you know a lot bigger ones um you're going to start in the heavy Jets around four to six to8 million is where you're going to start with your with your acquisition cost whereas with the light Jets I mean you can get a light jet for half a million dollar all the way up to like we talked about you know $10 million the heavy Jets obviously is going to be more expensive to get into uh they are going to be require a full crew so you're going to need at least two pilots the training for the pilots is going to be more expensive the maintenance on the heavy Jets is going to be more expensive um you know you're just asking for a bigger asset for a bigger job now from a from so so now if you have the Heavies on one side and the lights on other side if you split the difference that's where the midsize comes in the midsize is a more comfortable experience um and depending on the midsize that you end up looking at you could be closer to the you know um you can be closer to the the lightjet uh range where it's still 12 to, 1600 nautical miles but it's a bigger cabin so it's more comfortable and they they'll have a more speed you know bigger engines they are going to require a two-person crew the the midsize will um and then on the other side there's something called a super mid that kind of gets you more range maybe 2,000 a miles maybe can go Coast to Coast uh still have more room a little bit so on the midsize you have something like an exite citation Excel which is kind of a thinner tube uh versus something along the lines of a hawker which is like a bigger Circle and it just feels bigger it's wider it has more it has more space for the cabin and so people start to feel the difference in the cabins when they get to the midsize um again we're probably going to be in the2 to4 million range to get it started in an acquisition and then yeah we can go all the way up to 10 15 you know million dollars plus uh when it comes to getting into those and and and and you're looking at roughly the the split the difference between the maintenance costs so as a brand new broker when you're like well what Market do I get into I think you look at a couple of things if you don't have access to a database system like a Jetnet or an amstat you go to controller and just see what's for sale Aviation sales is a popularity contest and so if there's a lot for sale um you know I think there's two ways to look at that either okay there's opportunity because these owners are getting out for some reason um or you look at that and say well nobody wants these nobody's buying them now how you g to find out you got to make phone calls so you call the Brokers hey why is he selling if he's selling because he's upgrading to a newer model that tells you hey they like this plane they just want something different there's probably somebody else coming up along the way that's going to like this aircraft okay so like I said the example might be the pc12 I think there's almost 20 of them on the market right now um those are fantastic aircraft and usually people are upgrading maybe into a jet into a midsize or just kind of done with it you know it's well known it's well tracked and I think that's a that's a fair market it's a popularity contest and people want them so go get one you know um at the same time you look at something like um what are they called uh well we can look at the citation uh Ultras okay there's only two of them for sale now what's interesting in there is you might be like okay well there's only two so nobody wants them well the reality is everybody wants them and you can't keep them on the shelves so again calling the Brokers hey why is he selling hey what's the market look like you know oh we're getting a bunch of offers um you know or no one's talking to us or whatever it may you got to talk to the Brokers to get the Insight on you know is this a good Market to go into if you look at some something like a saber liner um there's only one or two available that one would be an example of they're just not super popular they're not super supported you know go to go to the forums go to Reddit go to Facebook groups for that you know type in saber liner for sale or or go into Facebook and type in saber liner you know owner group and if there's like nothing there that would be more of a red flag that like okay nobody wants these These are kind of on their way out um another example be like a Boeing 737 200 like there's a bunch of 737s but they're not a 200 model again you know there's just not a lot there so what's great about databases um is that they they kind of track these metrics and they give you things like the absorption rate they give you past sales and so you can kind of see it graphically you know what's available but you can chart that yourself without having to pay hundreds of dollars uh a month for the database so again find an aircraft that you that you that you think you like now a lot of people get attracted to the heavy Jets that's what you see on the music videos on Instagram I want a golf stream right um something to realize about that the guy that owns that gstream a couple things has probably um worked with a broker before to get the Gulf Stream uh he's probably going to have a lot of Gatekeepers between him and you so you're going to have to go through a lot of Gatekeepers he may have an aircraft manager that you need to speak to or a pilot or whatever it is and and just because you know you you you like the G stre doesn't mean it's necessarily a good Market you got to do your market research like we talked about by calling the Brokers and seeing how popular they are but as you you know G streams are pretty popular um that would be an example of something that you know hey it might be worth it but it's going to be really hard to get to get into that so you also have to be like willing to play in that playground like people some people like really they're already maybe you're already in a situation where you're rubbing elbows with guys who own Gulf streams maybe you you know have access to you know you're already doing High net worth sales for automobiles or Yachts or you have an in there and so you're rubbing elbows with people that are looking for Gulf streams well then okay that Mak makes sense because you already got people looking but if you're just coming off the street you're like I want to sell a Gulf Stream I probably wouldn't recommend it I think it's a a little big too much to bite off um and so look at other thing like consider you know a PC2 where yeah they're still like $3 million um but it's an owner operator usually or a charter operator uh they're just a different demographic citations are are owner operators or maybe they're uh executive V VPS that have a company that that are using it and you know that's kind of where my comfort zone is some people really like working with the midsize because it's somebody in the back but it's not a heavy jet where you know they're they're going coach to coach or across the across the Atlantic and um you know you you just kind of find a niche there the other thing to consider is going to be price point you know so not just the size of the jet but the price point that you're dealing with the higher the price point doesn't necessarily mean the higher the commission so when you're looking at this you might be thinking oh well if I sell a $10 million jet I'll make more money not necessarily um the commission might be as much or smaller and and I will tell you those sales cycles for the larger aircraft are usually longer than the sales cycles for the smaller aircraft and that's because like I said there's a lot of moving Parts you're dealing with programs now you're usually dealing with lawyers we're going back and forth so to do a heavy jet deal might take you four to six months uh whereas a light deal might take you once it's under contract like a month or two and then the midsize you kind of split the difference so those are a few things to look at when you're trying to consider okay what Market am I going to go into and also take a look on controller you know if you go into the into the PC 12s and you see you know um you know uh I guess you maybe call it like you know ABC Aviation and there's 20 listings and they have seven of them oh wow like okay there's a player that's kind of dominating the market um uh Rocky Mountain I think is one that dominates the SR22 market so you might see that a Market's kind of dominated by a single player well go to their website check out what they're doing you know see their transactions find out more information and um that'll help you you know SE can I compete with them um they might be doing something that maybe you can change a little bit and set yourself up to be to be different from them so that's some things to consider about what Market you want to go into it would be you know consider the dollar amount of the aircraft the type of demographic that are that are the owners their their mission profile um you know why they have that size of a jet and um you know I think once you kind of look into that oh how many are on the market you know what what what are the sales that you're seeing when you kind of dial that stuff in um you can find a good market now I would also say you know don't get paralyzed by I need to find the perfect Market there's no perfect Market you have to you have to dive into a market find out what's what it's going to take to break through and then you make that decision if you're willing to do what it's going to take it's going to take a lot of work no matter what because you're brand new and you got to learn a lot of stuff and the other thing to consider is when you pick a market you also want to know the competitors so if I go into the citation you know 1s citation the CJ world I know I'm going to be put up against premieres I'm put up against phenoms and we talked about this a little bit earlier I don't necessarily need to know everything about them and the uh the competitors just know enough about the CJ Market because someone's probably going to ask you what's my CJ Worth or what's the market doing they're if you're coold calling someone they're going to assume you already know about the CJ and they usually don't ask you questions about the CJ because they assume you know uh what they might ask you is well I've been thinking about Phenom 100s what do you know about them and you can talk and you want to be able to talk intelligently they may also ask you about the upgrade so from a CJ to a cj2 or cj4 or hey I heard the cj3 Gen 2 came out like what's new there so it' be helpful to know uh about it at the same time you can still turn it on them and just be like well oh man that sounds that s yeah I heard that too um I haven't really looked into it but be happy to get you some more information on it and now you have a chance to follow up so it's not the I just don't want people to think that like I need to have everything figured out before I choose the right market and then once I pick a market I need to figure everything out about the competitors before even make a phone call uh the goal here is to get people you know working towards their goals as soon as possible

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonygovender3805 [1 likes]: I stay on my line. Piston & turbo prop.
  2. @gdydstst [1 likes]: what qualifications should be needed to be a broker tom?
  3. @gdydstst: what qualifications should be needed to be a broker tom?
  4. @NishkarshAgarwal: Appreciate the content
  5. @angelsepulvedarealestate: Good Information Tom

- How to Survive a Plane Crash, According to Science: Kind: captions Language: en If you find yourself going into a freefall inside a metal tube, hurtling through the clouds at hundreds of kilometers per hour, and an oxygen mask drops down right in front of you - try not to panic. Airplane crashes are highly survivable. And here's what you can do to increase your chances of survival... Taking a flight on a commercial airplane is about as risky as riding an escalator. The odds of being killed in a plane crash are 1 in 11 million. You're more likely to drown in a bubble bath, choke on your breakfast, or... die in a car accident on your way to the airport. Yet, we can all feel a little nervous when stepping on a plane. Here are 6 things you can do to survive a plane crash. Your flip-flops may be comfy, but they're not going to perform well in case of an emergency. And neither will your high-heeled shoes. The National Transportation Safety Board reports that 68% of passengers in plane accidents die from injuries in post-crash fires. So go for long pants and long-sleeved shirts - they'll protect you from flames and sharp objects. And put on lace-up shoes, in case you need to run. Where is the safest place to sit, anyway? According to an analysis of airplane crashes by Popular Mechanics, your best bet is to sit as far back in the airplane as possible. Unless the plane goes down tail-first. You see, there is no such thing as the safest seat on a plane. It all really depends on the situation. Regardless of what section you're sitting in, know where the emergency exits are. When you get on the plane, count the rows to the closest one so that you can find it even if the cabin is filled with smoke. The first three minutes after takeoff and the eight minutes before landing are the most accident-prone times of the entire flight. Make sure to keep your shoes on, your seatbelt fastened and your tray table up. Put your carry-on items under the seat in front of you. You know why? To keep your legs from going under the seat and getting broken. And pay attention to the emergency instructions, even if you've been on a plane many times before - not all planes are the same. The first 90 seconds of a plane crash are the most important. Many people get so nervous they forget how to unbuckle their seatbelt. Listen carefully to the instructions. But don't just sit through the disaster waiting for orders if they are not coming. The first thing you should do is to prepare for impact. Bend over, grab your legs behind your knees and keep your head down. In the worst-case scenario, the cabin will experience sudden pressure loss and oxygen deficiency. You'll only have about 10 seconds before you go unconscious. So if you see the oxygen masks drop down, put one on yourself first. Only then should you try to help someone else. If you get to evacuate from the plane, do it as quickly as possible. Don't try to get your carry-on to take with you - in the time you waste, you might end up getting stuck with it on a burning plane. If your plane hits the ground, there's a high chance of it exploding. Run - at least 150 meters (500 feet) away from it in the direction against the wind, and wait for the rescuers to find you. It's good to be prepared for anything. But don't be afraid of flying. In the history of aviation, it's never been a safer time to fly. Commercial aviation averages less than 500 fatalities per year worldwide. Among planes that do get into accidents, over 95% of the passengers get out of them alive. Personally, I try to think of turbulence like bumps on the road. Helps with my flying anxiety. That's a little tip from me to you. Stay tuned for another how to...

  Top Comments:
  1. @shaunkalra4758 [1 likes]: 1:51 thats wrong its seat 11A 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  2. @InsideStoryRoom [1 likes]: I have my flight tomorrow, so I'm watching this video just in case. 🥹
  3. @Sci-fibites [1 likes]: what do we do if were in water@howtosurvive
  4. @Oatmeal-Savage: A guy noticed that when pilots fly on airplanes, they typically sit in the back.  The guy always wondered why, so asked one.  The pilot said, "When was the last time you saw a plane back into a mountain?"
  5. @Oatmeal-Savage: Best way is to not be on the plane that crashes.
  6. @TheBloodVodka: I also heard you should never wear nylon stockings on a flight. If you are near a fire they can melt onto your skin.
  7. @BelindaWilliams-x7q: Do airports have bars? If they do, I would really need to get there early!
  8. @TojiFushiguro69-p3c: i dont even step foot from an airplane anywyas becuase i feel uncomfortable
  9. @AliHamza-cb2wn: 2:32 😨
  10. @MaimoonaHusen-g4c: sho bottle 🥀
  11. @BryanLoh-c6w: Du  he d  be hdgdhvdhdhdbid
  12. @MrYxor: 0:33 .. 1 over 11.000.000?! this means that if in a day are 11.000.000 of flights one will fall off? hope i'm wrong..🙄🙄
  13. @hareth3911: ^123
  14. @miathebarbie7544: so basically all we learn from this , is if the pilot cant do anything about it , then neither can you prepare for death lol... I thought this video was hopefully gonna be like ok well open the door hatch at the last moment and jump lol because your chances of survival are more than if u just stay in to blow up lmaoooo at least in water u can swim lol but ya thats fantasy too
  15. @kelptss: question.. What if it snap middle of the fligth, what are my chances...
  16. @leandrang: Cant you just open the door and jump as Tom Cruise?
Thats why i will always travel with a parachute
  17. @ANewMeEveryDay: I actually have opposite of what is recommended to survive, at the time I’m writing this my plane started to move. We had a mechanic problem previously which means maybe my plane has more chances to crash. I’ll come back if I’m not dead, if I don’t, then I am.
  18. @nemichandsushil: 😢 ONLY one survivor in air India plane crash 🇮🇳✈️😭😭😭😭😭😭😥😭😭
  19. @80lilala: I don't think any of these tips would help you to survive a plane crash
  20. @SindelandKitana: I'm literally in the plane

- How to prevent the next aircraft tragedy: Kind: captions Language: en "360"'S RANDI KAYE. >> Reporter: VALUE JET FLIGHT 592 FROM MIAMI TO ATLANTA, THE DAY BEFORE MOTHER'S DAY, 1996. THE PILOTS HEAR A LOUD BOOM, SIX MINUTES INTO THE FLIGHT. >> WHAT KIND OF PROBLEM ARE YOU HAVING? >> SMOKE IN THE CABIN. >> Reporter: THE AIRCRAFT CRASHES NOSE FIRST INTO THE FLOORED EVERGLADES KILLING ALL 110 PEOPLE ON BOARD. THE NTSB DETERMINED THE FIRE BEGAN IN A CARGO COMPARTMENT. >> IF WE HAD FIRE DETECTION SYSTEM IN THIS CARGO COMPARTMENT, THE CREW WOULD HAVE AFFORDED MORE TIME TO GET THE AIRPLANE BACK ON THE GROUND. >> Reporter: THE FAA TOOK THOSE WORDS TO HEART, REVISING STANDARDS FOR CARGO, REQUIRING SMOKE DETECTORES AND AUTOMATIC FIRE EXTINGUISHERS IN CARGO HOLDS. >> MAY DAY. GOING DOWN. >> Reporter: FIRE WAS A PROBLEM IN 1983 WHEN AIR CANADA FLIGHT 797 MADE AN EMERGENCY LANDING AT CINCINNATI'S AIRPORT. IT HAD A FIRE IN THE BATHROOM. >> WE HAD A FIRE IN THE BACK WASHROOM AND IT'S FILLING UP WITH SMOKE RIGHT NOW. >> Reporter: INCREDIBLY, THE PLANE LANDED SAFELY, BUT HALF THE PASSENGERS AND CREW DIED BECAUSE THEY COULDN'T EXIT THE PLANE FAST ENOUGH. THAT GAVE RISE TO NEW FIRE SAFETY STANDARDS, INCLUDING BATHROOM SMOKE DETECTORS AND AUTOMATIC FIRE EXTINGUISHERS. SMOKE IN THE COCKPIT WAS THE PROBLEM ON SWISS AIR FLIGHT 111 AFTER IT TOOK OFF FROM NEW YORK'S JFK AIRPORT IN 1998. >> SWISSAIR 111. >> Reporter: IT CRASHED OFF NOVA SCOTIA KILLING ALL 129 PEOPLE ON BOARD. AFTER INVESTIGATORS TRACED THE FIRE BACK TO THE ENTERTAINMENT SYSTEM AND THE FLAMMABLE INSULATION, HAD ALL MYLAR REPLACED. BROUGHT DOWN FOUR PLANES AFTER FIGHTING THEIR WAY INTO THE COCKPIT USING BOX CUTTERS. >> AMERICA 11, ARE YOU TRYING TO CALL? >> EVERYTHING WILL BE OKAY. IF YOU TRY TO MAKE ANY MOVES, YOU WILL INJURE YOURSELF AND THE AIRPLANE. JUST STAY QUIET. >> Reporter: THE 9/11 TERROR ATTACK LED TO REINFORCED COCKPIT DOORS ON ALL COMMERCIAL AIRPLANES. THE DOORS SO STRONG, THEY CAN RESIST BULLETS, EVEN SH RAPNEL FROM A HAND GRENADE. THE AX ISN'T EITHER BUT AFTER FLIGHT 370 MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED IN 2014, INVESTIGATORS WONDER IF THE FLIGHT MIGHT HAVE BEEN DOOMED BY A CREW MEMBER. SOME TOOK ISSUE WITH THOSE NEW COCKPIT DOORS. >> ONE EITHER HAD TO BE INCAPACITATED OR LOCKED OUT. THAT'S ONE OF THE CONCERNS WE HAD AFTER 9/11. DON'T LOCK THOSE DOORS SO THAT YOU CAN'T GET IN FROM THE OUTSIDE IF SOMETHING HAPPENS. AND FELL ON DEAF EARS. >> Reporter: AND THE GERMANWINGS CRASH WASN'T THE FIRST TIME THE PILOT WAS LOCKED OUT OF THE COCKPIT. IN 2013, THE COCKPIT DOOR KEPT A MOZAMBIQUE FROM GETTING INSIDE THE COCKPIT AFTER A BATHROOM BREAK, LOCKED OUT WHILE THE PLANE'S PILOT TOOK OFF AUTO PILOT AND CRASHED IT INTO THE GROUND KILLING 33 PEOPLE. ALL OF THIS RAISING THE QUESTION, WHO NEEDS TO BE PROTECTED MORE, THE PILOTS OR THE

  Top Comments:
  1. @AllAmericanDreamChaser [2 likes]: Everyone bring a parachute. Pilot is locked out. Just open the emergency doors and everyone jump out of the plane.
  2. @salbaker82 [2 likes]: OMG a pilot bathroom break could be deadly. They should think to put a bathroom in the cockpit 😷
  3. @icantbelieveitsnotbutter4931 [1 likes]: Pilot's shouldn't be allowed toilet breaks. It'd be much safer to let them shit in their pants and just pay for dry cleaning later.
  4. @danielsummer5155 [1 likes]: Only automatic fly can help with this problem. But the system can also be hacked.
  5. @enemay [1 likes]: Easy, have three people in the cockpit, two pilots, one security person, keep the lock, pilot and security person takes bathroom breaks one at a time.
  6. @mattpenguin3030: Simple fix.  Lavatory for the cockpit.
  7. @lc11214: No mode of transportation is safe anymore.  If only, we can all teleport to our destination.
  8. @ferminbf2224: a cockpit crew of 3 all the time. the only problem with that is financial. companies don't want to pay more staff
  9. @phillipsmom6252: Have someone sit in front with a shot gun........ No one moves till the flight is over or they get blown to smithereens.
  10. @santanarose5361: You can't avoid aircraft tragedy
  11. @TaylorMade511: Don't fly; ever.
  12. @itsrain9530: First

- How To Survive A Plane Crash: Kind: captions Language: en On Christmas Eve 1971, lightning struck a commercial jet flying over Peru. It exploded. The only survivor out of 92 people on board? 17-year-old Juliane Koepcke. Still strapped in her seat, she fell two miles into the Peruvian rainforest. Thanks to the survival skills her father taught her, she emerged 10 days later with a broken collarbone, ruptured knee ligaments, and covered in deep gashes, but still very much alive. Now, not all of us are trained survivalists, but there are certain things we can do to increase our chances of surviving a plane crash. After all, plane accidents in general have a 95% survival rate. You can start before you even get to the airport. Experts recommend wearing tight-fitting clothing when you fly. If there is an accident, loose or baggy things are more likely to snag on jagged edges and slow you down. Plus, long, snug jeans and shirtsleeves can protect your limbs from sharp objects and fire. Double down on fire safety by wearing clothing made from cotton or other natural materials. They don't burn or melt as easily as synthetic ones. And your shoes should be just as practical as the rest of your outfit. Boots, sneakers, and other shoes that won't fall off your feet are the smart choice when it comes to a safe escape. Officially, the Federal Aviation Administration says that no seat on an airplane is safer than any other, but the statistics disagree. In 2015, Time studied airplane accidents from the previous 35 years. It found that the seats in the back third of the plane had a 32% fatality rate, compared to 39% in the middle and 38% in the front. And if you narrow it down even further, middle seats in the back had the best odds of survival, and the aisle seats in the middle of the craft had the worst. An analysis by University of Greenwich professor Ed Galea found that sitting within five rows of an emergency exit will drastically improve your chance of survival. Galea analyzed the seating charts from more than 100 plane crashes, interviewing 1,900 passengers and 155 crew members. He found that most survivors only had to move five rows or less before escaping the plane. Any more than that, your odds of survival drop. Giving up a little leg room is a small price to pay for some extra protection. Broken feet and legs are very common in plane crashes. Protecting them is pivotal to a quick evacuation. Putting your carry-on under the seat in front of you closes that gap, so your legs can't slide under and get caught. It can also pad your shins if they fly forward during an impact. If you fly often, you might not always pay attention to the preflight safety briefing. The US National Transportation Safety Board surveyed almost 500 passengers that were involved in a plane evacuation between 1997 and 1999. A little more than half of them said they paid attention to only 50% of the presentation or less. 13% said they didn't watch at all. Of the passengers on the infamous 2009 US Airways flight that landed in the Hudson, only about 30% of them watched the briefing. After the impact, only 10 out of the 150 people on board grabbed their life vests and evacuated with them. The most cited reason for ignoring the briefing? Frequent fliers thought they were already familiar with the equipment on board. The FAA has been testing brace positions on crash-test dummies since 1967. The postures have changed and updated throughout the years, but the general idea has stayed the same. Lean forward and keep your head close to the seat in front of you. This serves two purposes. One is to keep flailing to a minimum, and the other is to reduce the chance of a secondary impact. Secondary impact is a head injury on top of a head injury, like what might happen if your head hits the seat on front of you multiple times during a crash. The FAA recommends holding your head against the object it may hit and flexing or bending your limbs inward to keep them in place. In the rare event that an accident occurs while the plane is cruising, you could be faced with a free fall. Surviving a six-mile plummet is highly unlikely, but not impossible. And if you stay attached to something, your chances are a little bit better. "Wreckage rider" is a term coined by amateur historian Jim Hamilton. Hamilton developed the Free Fall Research Page, an online database of nearly every instance of humans falling from great heights. The record for the longest survived fall without a parachute is held by a wreckage rider. In 1972, a Serbian flight attendant named Vesna Vulovic fell 33,000 feet after the plane she was on blew up over Czechoslovakia. Wedged between a catering cart, her seat, a piece of the plane, and the body of a fellow crew member, she crashed into a snowy incline severely injured but still alive. People often have fatalistic attitudes when it comes to plane crashes, which can lead to apathy when it comes to safety briefings. But the NTSB says plane accidents, which are when a plane suffers substantial damage or someone suffers serious injury or death, So the next time you hit turbulence and start thinking about all the ways you could die, think about all the ways you could live instead.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jade_dsports [1 likes]: Fun fact: there has never in history been a plane crash from turbulence
  2. @slippinjimmy4239 [1 likes]: Why am I here well I just started watching lost and I am flying tomorrow
  3. @ThamiresLima-pj9rz: 0:49 wearing
  4. @rmd4209: WOW! I actually have heard about this accident thanks to a YT channel that reconstructs air accidents. Every time I step onboard an aircraft, the first this I check on my seat, is how far is the nearest emergency exit and then I relax and carry on with my life. Incredible survival story. Thank you for the video!
  5. @mrharvy100: Most of the plane survivors that survived high drops had these things in common 

- They passed out before/during the drop. Important to survive some of the things that normally would kill you if you were conscience the entire time.  
- Snowy/softer terrain to help cushion the blow on the final “landing” 
- IMPORTANT: As you fall you land into tall trees with the right kind of tree/branch at the RIGHT ANGLE (so you don’t get impaled) that is hard enough to help absorb some of the impact that doesn’t instantly kill you as each branch breaks, but not hard enough that branch fails to break meaning you are absorbing the “final” impact too early. More branches you break before the ground the better. 
- All of the above can go right, but it’s moot if you are also not near civilization. You are gonna be inconstancy and your injuries is gonna vary. If you’re lucky you can get away with a sprain like what happened to a certain man during the world war, but you can still die from cold, lack of water, etc. 

- Basically don’t be inside the plane at all if it’s not gonna have a controlled landing where it’s gonna burst into flames. Your chances of survival will plummet especially if you’re not in the ideal areas in the plane where you can mitigate being cooked alive or just be apart of the plane that breaks off. If the plane is doing a water based landing and the plane is not out of control then obviously your chances of survival is much better since it’s less likely an explosion will happen + the plane is gonna have ocean survival equipment + air traffic control should know your last known position to coordinate a rescue party. The closer to civilization again the better. 

If your that paranoid you can also pack a parachute if the height is at the ideal level + landing. If your doing an emergency parachute land then you don’t want to do it in the ocean ideally and of course try to hope you are near civilization.
  6. @JackTheOfficeWorker: In TWA Flight 800, you can't survive..
  7. @tajmahal5572: How about airbag would pop open
  8. @seanliburd57: 👼🏽🦉
  9. @Cersilaria22: Sit in the back
  10. @ThomasBowden-p2r: My Grandad said that lighiting can't damage planes anymore fortunatley
  11. @graynickolasofficial: Fun fact: They made the position of the head down, pushed up against the seat and legs in as tight as possible, so it WOULD kill you so you don’t have to sue the company. “LOVE” the governments ideas. The government is not your best friend. Period.
  12. @vtechsl: Why airplane survive kit dosent have any heat foil sheet, i saw lot of people die becase of hevy burning injury's after aircraft crash, if passenger know plane going to crashed they can get cover heat resistant foil sheet if available under their sheet's, 
2nd , Why still airplane design non ejectable fuel tank and without any safety landing options such as fire cover foam on the plane body for emergency auto spray the fire cooling system.
  13. @swapnild1594: I would rather leave it to my luck rather than worrying about it ...but still brain 🧠 overpower ♥ ..and that's why i am here 😅
  14. @vish5030: I am not afraid of death, afraid of brutal pain of burning, losing legs, suffocation of smoke, mental trauma if survive etc.
  15. @Mickey-Mouse-Girly: Sadly, people are more worried about their looks than saving their lives if something bad happens. I wish health was a priority to many. 😢
  16. @wolfie6304: i’m going back to my country in 2 days so.. yeah
  17. @NinaloveGod: But how can you escape if you are in the air
  18. @themortinators2964: I'm in a burning plains  but thank goodness I am wearing skinny clothes; but I am still burned alive oh no,yeah don't give advice if your not an experienced pilot😡
  19. @Meghnaaad: Either you alive or dead. What is “Very much Alive”?
  20. @sdvplatt: I just walked from that China Eastern jet and I can tell you this method works!

- How to STOP an Aircraft During Emergency Landing: Kind: captions Language: en A runway excursion is not as fun as it sounds.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s like off-roading, which is fun …&nbsp; but … in an airplane, not so fun anymore!&nbsp; In a best case scenario, it&nbsp; looks something like this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in the worst case&nbsp; scenario, something like this. Thankfully though, there is remedy to this&nbsp; problem. This device can help prevent some of&nbsp;&nbsp; those dangerous accidents. It looks like&nbsp; a French-press, but trust me, it’s not.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this is a special building where&nbsp; inside, pavement ages quickly, for real!&nbsp; There are in fact a series of procedures that&nbsp; you may have never heard of because they happen&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the scenes, without which, there would&nbsp; be a lot more off-roading in our airports.&nbsp; That said, accidents can still happen.&nbsp;&nbsp; But what these “special” rocks are, what they&nbsp; are actually made of, and how they can bring an&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft that's moving at 80 miles per hour to&nbsp; a quick and safe stop, is Not What You Think! On December 6th, 2018, a Southwest Airlines Boeing&nbsp; 737 overran a runway during landing at Bob Hope&nbsp;&nbsp; Airport in Burbank, California. Apparently&nbsp; the pilot had overshot the ideal touch point.&nbsp;&nbsp; Luckily the airplane came to a stop, and that was&nbsp; thanks to the arrestor bed that had been installed&nbsp;&nbsp; at the end of the runway. More on that later. But aside from human error, runway excursions&nbsp;&nbsp; can also be impacted by poor weather&nbsp; conditions and mechanical issues.&nbsp; Pilots receive extensive training on runway&nbsp; safety, including how to handle emergencies,&nbsp;&nbsp; how to avoid overrunning the runway, and how to&nbsp; make safe landings in various weather conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp; That training is absolutely necessary,&nbsp; but it is not always sufficient,&nbsp;&nbsp; because when things get wet, even pilots can&nbsp; lose control! ... I’m of course talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; hydroplaning – when the airplane slides on the wet&nbsp; surface of the runway with little to no control.&nbsp;&nbsp; The layer of water that forms between&nbsp; the wheels of a vehicle or airplane,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the surface of the road or runway can&nbsp; reduce the friction between the two surfaces,&nbsp;&nbsp; making it difficult for the vehicle&nbsp; or aircraft to maintain control.&nbsp; When still water accumulates on the surface of the&nbsp; runway, the risk of hydroplaning is significantly&nbsp;&nbsp; increased. This is why some runways have grooves,&nbsp; which not only act as channels for water to&nbsp;&nbsp; escape, but they also improve the traction of&nbsp; the aircraft tires on the surface of the runway.&nbsp; Along the same lines, the surface of the runway&nbsp; must provide a minimum amount of skid resistance.&nbsp;&nbsp; To test for this, the US Air Force&nbsp; has the APE team – Airfield Pavement&nbsp;&nbsp; Evaluation. And the APE team&nbsp; has some interesting tools: This is a friction measurement machine that can&nbsp; determine the texture depth of the pavement.&nbsp;&nbsp; Think of it as the roughness of the surface, which&nbsp; determines the skid resistance of the runway.&nbsp;&nbsp; The nozzle shoots out specific amounts of water&nbsp; under the wheel to simulate different weather&nbsp;&nbsp; conditions. The test is being repeated&nbsp; here on the grooved part of the runway.&nbsp; Another way to measure the friction&nbsp; values is to use a hydro timer.&nbsp;&nbsp; The smoother the surface is, the&nbsp; longer it takes for the water to drain.&nbsp;&nbsp; Over time, as the pavement is exposed to traffic&nbsp; and weathering, the texture depth can decrease.&nbsp; To rehabilitate the pavement, a skidabrader can&nbsp; be used. Skidabraders essentially rough up the&nbsp;&nbsp; surface, which is visible if you compare the&nbsp; pavement in the front versus behind the truck.&nbsp;&nbsp; But still, with all these safety precautions,&nbsp; airplanes can overshoot the runway.&nbsp;&nbsp; So a backup plan is needed. It is possible to bring any&nbsp; airplane to a quick stop … once!&nbsp;&nbsp; That’s why we earlier said&nbsp; a quick and “safe” stop.&nbsp; This is probably more like it! But why&nbsp; is this airplane tearing up the runway? The length and width of runways are important&nbsp; factors in preventing runway excursions. In the&nbsp;&nbsp; 1960s, the introduction of faster jet airliners&nbsp; like the Boeing 707 required longer runways.&nbsp;&nbsp; So the FAA proposed increasing minimum runway&nbsp; length requirements, but there was strong industry&nbsp;&nbsp; pushback. Proximity to populated areas, bodies&nbsp; of water and other natural barriers could prevent&nbsp;&nbsp; some airports from creating this buffer zone,&nbsp; such as LaGuardia Airport in Queens, New York.&nbsp;&nbsp; To enhance runway safety in&nbsp; such airports, in the 1990s,&nbsp;&nbsp; the FAA began conducting research on new&nbsp; technologies that could bring aircraft to&nbsp;&nbsp; a rapid stop, safely, in less than 1,000&nbsp; feet, in the event of a runway overrun. The answer was Engineered Materials&nbsp; Arresting System or EMAS – a high&nbsp;&nbsp; energy-absorbing material that could be&nbsp; installed beyond the end of the runways.&nbsp;&nbsp; Sometimes referred to as an arrestor bed,&nbsp; EMAS is made up of lightweight and crushable&nbsp;&nbsp; materials that are designed to collapse under the&nbsp; weight of an aircraft, usually above 12 tonnes.&nbsp;&nbsp; As the landing gear sinks into, and rolls through&nbsp; the material, the aircraft gradually decelerates.&nbsp;&nbsp; But what is EMAS exactly made up of that can&nbsp; stop an aircraft moving at a speed of 70 knots? These pebbles are what is at the core&nbsp; of the EMAS. They may look like rocks,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they are quite the opposite as they are&nbsp; light and easily crushed, more like styrofoam.&nbsp;&nbsp; The pebbles are typically made of high-strength&nbsp; material such as expanded polystyrene or expanded&nbsp;&nbsp; polypropylene – designed to compress and&nbsp; absorb the energy of the aircraft as it&nbsp;&nbsp; comes to a stop, which helps prevent&nbsp; injuries and damage to the aircraft. That was in reference to an incident&nbsp; that happened on October 27th, 2016,&nbsp;&nbsp; when a Boeing 737 with 37 people onboard,&nbsp; including then vice-presidential candidate&nbsp;&nbsp; Mike Pence, overran the runway&nbsp; while landing at LaGuardia.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks to the EMAS, the airplane came to a&nbsp; stop with no casualties or serious damages. One way to install EMAS is using&nbsp; prefabricated blocks. Prefabricated&nbsp;&nbsp; blocks can be simply unloaded and placed side&nbsp; by side and are ideal for smaller projects.&nbsp; But for bigger implementations,&nbsp; the construction is done on-site.&nbsp;&nbsp; The area is first partitioned into&nbsp; segments to house the pebbles.&nbsp;&nbsp; The pebbles are then poured in and leveled off.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are then packed in preparation to add&nbsp; the top layer, which is a layer of concrete. A&nbsp;&nbsp; coating is prepared and applied once the&nbsp; concrete sets. This is done in order to&nbsp;&nbsp; protect the top layer against the elements.&nbsp; An EMAS installation is good for 20 years. EMAS doesn’t require much maintenance once&nbsp; installed. Any damages can be patched as needed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even if an airplane overruns the runway and&nbsp; engages with the EMAS, only the damaged parts&nbsp;&nbsp; need to be cut out and replaced. EMAS has been&nbsp; installed in over 100 runways in US airports,&nbsp;&nbsp; and as of March of 2022, 18 overrunning&nbsp; aircraft have been safely stopped using EMAS. But that’s not all, because when it comes to&nbsp; aviation safety, the durability of the runways&nbsp;&nbsp; is just as important, which is why inside&nbsp; this building, pavement ages quite quickly.&nbsp; These are two test vehicles attached to&nbsp; two radial arms that are 30 feet long each.&nbsp;&nbsp; Their job is to accelerate pavement testing.&nbsp;&nbsp; The vehicles move at just over 31 miles per hour&nbsp; and can do 50,000 cycles per 24 hours. Water&nbsp;&nbsp; can also be applied in a controlled manner as&nbsp; required to create different testing environments.&nbsp; Accelerated Pavement Testing&nbsp; can provide expedited feedback&nbsp;&nbsp; on new designs and materials for the roads. Oh, and remember the APE team? They don’t just&nbsp;&nbsp; evaluate the friction measurements on the runway.&nbsp; Every drop from this Heavy Weight Deflectometer,&nbsp;&nbsp; simulates a fully loaded C-17 moving across the&nbsp; runway. The trailer-mounted device operates by&nbsp;&nbsp; dropping a weight that hits the pavement&nbsp; with up to 55,000 lb of force and measures&nbsp;&nbsp; the resulting pavement deflections to determine&nbsp; the pavement layer stiffness. And this machine&nbsp;&nbsp; takes destructive samples of the runway, by&nbsp; cutting deep into the underlying materials.&nbsp;&nbsp; A 6-inch core is cut out and dug up,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is later analyzed to&nbsp; ensure it meets the requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that’s a good reason why you wouldn’t&nbsp; wanna bury a body under a military runway!&nbsp;&nbsp; Ensuring the quality a nd safety of runways is&nbsp; a critical aspect of aviation infrastructure,&nbsp;&nbsp; which requires ongoing investment, maintenance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and attention to detail to ensure&nbsp; safe and efficient air travel.&nbsp;&nbsp; That’s why while we are asleep, these two are&nbsp; hard at work … Not those guys … these guys!

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelscott5653 [7 likes]: Whose here after that south Korean plane that crashed?
  2. @nickj2508 [2 likes]: Who is here after the Jeju incident on December 29th?
  3. @ChaoticChris2019 [2 likes]: 4:17 “it is possible to bring any airplane to a quick stop. Once.” Very true 😂
  4. @avus-kw2f213 [1 likes]: 0:20 we now know that is not the worst case scenario

4:19🇰🇷south Korean airports are the strongest 🇰🇷
  5. @MunchyMonke147 [1 likes]: 690th comment
  6. @DuelingBongos [1 likes]: Thank goodness for EMAS, or the USA would be ruled by His Majesty King Donald right now.
  7. @viktorhusiev6150 [1 likes]: "That's a good reason why you wouldn't wanna bury a body under a military runway"
-Fu*k, I need to go! I just remembered there is something I need to do ASAP
  8. @JohnDough-yr2zt: Tailhookers
  9. @thatsimon4275: Would this have helped in South Korea?
  10. @SukhdevSingh-ge5rj: Great 😃😃👍 video 😊😊😊 from Malaysia 🇲🇾🇲🇾🇲🇾🇲🇾
  11. @alwinbenjamin: ❤
  12. @ngannguyen-vs3fg: This is a great invention!
  13. @Uamaretwot: Must be pretty boring be watching those arms going round all day.
  14. @nowknow: It's a fancy sand pit.
  15. @Virgos_aviation201: Rip MD-11 (thumbnail)
  16. @danielbigtiger: There's also one way that stops the trolley at westfield. It stops the wheels using some strong magnetic fields.
  17. @nuclearpotato6616: 2:22 retired by nasa yesterday
  18. @hrothgar014: 5:08 that’s a shot of Newark Liberty EWR, not LaGuardia LGA
  19. @joshyoung1440: 4:16 "it is possible to bring any airplane to a quick stop-- once." Well you're not making it stop so much as you're making it disappear. It does keep moving, just instead of moving forward in one piece, it moves in every direction in a sort of spray
  20. @Quasihamster: "The Invention That Stops Aircraft No Matter What"

You mean a brick wall? Or concrete?

- 2021 Epic Aircraft Owners & Pilots Fly-In Event: Kind: captions Language: en it takes a bit of adventure spirit to fly your own airplane when you combine that with an epic airplane it attracts unbelievably amazing people [Music] we started the odyssey fly-in as a way to share knowledge between the people flying epic airplanes it's a commitment to staying educated and staying safe and that's what this fly-in's all about you learn something every time as a pilot you have to have that thirst for knowledge and no better place than it's flying to rub shoulders with people in the flying community we have other clients that have some sort of a fly-in but it doesn't have this culture not this kind of connectivity you can really italia epic takes phenomenal care of their customers they swear by the product and they are epic pilots for life the best thing about our customers is they're all different we cater our customer service approach to whatever that customer needs we want to treat them like family and we want them to treat us like family i've definitely worked at companies that have had a family feel but they've been really small companies and with epic it's a large company and yet it still retains that family feel when somebody has a question they know who to call and they know who to call by name some of our competitors they may not know what country they're dialing to talk to somebody getting help but with epic they've all been here they know the people here i'm very proud of being the first woman owning an epic 8000 gx being part of the epic family is one of the best parts of getting the airplane the e1000gx is the most powerful single-engine airplane that a pilot can get their hands on today e1000gx takes what was already a great airplane and makes it even better with the addition of the heartsol 5 blade composite propeller and the garmin gfc 700 autopilot we've really helped to simplify the pilot operations it's so easy to fly and so smooth it gives an airline ride to your passengers we have the aircraft that is the highest performance aircraft out there for the best price it's what our competitors want to be the primary thing that makes the gx amazing is a great big engine the same engine that's used in much heavier airplanes that fire breathing engine when it kicks in on the runway throws you back in your seat you know you're not in an average general aviation airplane my husband considered a lot of different planes but it only took one flight for him to decide that he wanted an epic as soon as we got in the plane and it took off and climbed so fast i think he was convinced you climbed to 34 000 feet in 18 minutes from sea level and at 34 000 feet you're mixing it up with the airliners so i'm a united pilot i fly the airbus and typically our average altitude that we fly around is 35 000 feet going back to the epic and being able to cruise around at 34 000 feet we're able to navigate around weather cells much easier than the typical turbo prop that's down at 28 000 feet you got to get used to controllers saying to you are you a jet it just has the appeal on the ramp it looks fast sitting still the tower as i'm taxing to the runway asked me how fast does that thing go we can go from north dakota to vegas which are our two homes and we can do it non-stop aside from the fact that it's composite and it's so streamlined the inside is so much bigger and so much more comfortable the cockpit is a lot larger and the passengers have more room and yet it doesn't even look like that from the outside the pride that i have in the people here we have a collection of over 300 people that really put their heart and soul into building that plane and it shows in every aspect of it the plane looks great it runs great we don't have anybody just punching a clock and showing up to work everybody is excited and thrilled about making this the best airplane we can make we'll continue to make more and different airplanes in the future it's a big commitment to start and grow an airplane company and we've only just begun you

  Top Comments:
  1. @southernlights3682 [3 likes]: I wanna buy one!
  2. @smalljetpilot [2 likes]: Love the epic
  3. @MAGApepe [1 likes]: amazing bird :))

- My First Action As Jets Owner: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Lou wants to know if you bought the Jets today what would be the first thing you would do Lou I've always said that the first thing I would do once I buy these New York Jets I'm pointing to the stadium by the way uh is uh I would start a program that would send a Jersey to every six-year-old boy and girl in the New York New Jersey tri-state area with a handwritten note from me saying thank you or maybe just a note that I would sign some because that's a big number but I want to basically convert every single youth into the green not the blue and so that would be the number one thing I would do start the program that I've been imagining and dreaming about my whole life

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therriault3D [4 likes]: Excellent idea Gary, take the ENTIRE New York football market.
  2. @cnote102 [1 likes]: Hey Gary, ever thought about moving the Jets to Toronto? hahah
  3. @Anthony-945: This is an awesome idea
  4. @GmenEnjoyer: Love u Gary but blue>Green
  5. @akadanielmaia: Yeah man I would do this on schools so the kids can interact with their friends about it and their parents (if they aren't jets fans) wouldn't be able to block it. I would make the players do schools stuff with young kids often too
  6. @ramdarass: Just then every home game turns into "Kids get a free jersey day"
  7. @Jetsrule192: Love it, thats how I was converted!

- Black CEO Humiliated by Billionaire Private Jet Owners, Then She Cancels $770M Deal: Kind: captions Language: en Maria Bennett was no stranger to being underestimated. As the CEO of a fast-rowing tech company, she had faced plenty of challenges over the years, but none more difficult than the ones she encountered as a black woman in a world dominated by powerful, wealthy men. Today, though, was different. Today she was about to walk into the private jet terminal of one of the wealthiest billionaire investors in the world where she would negotiate a $770 million deal that could change the course of her company's future. The jet terminal, an opulent building with gleaming marble floors and gold accents, seemed almost as untouchable as the men who owned the jets parked outside. Maria felt the familiar sting of being out of place, though she didn't show it. She had learned long ago how to put on the mask of confidence, how to move through spaces where she wasn't exactly welcome without letting anyone see the vulnerability beneath. As she entered, the chatter of executives and businessmen buzzed around her like a cloud of disapproval. She had noticed the stairs before she even stepped into the room. A few people whispered under their breath, glancing at her from the corners of their eyes. She had been through it so many times before being treated as invisible, underestimated, or outright ignored. Yet, it was that exact underestimation that had driven her to become the woman she was today, a CEO with a plan, with vision, and most importantly, with the belief that she belonged exactly where she was. The deal she was about to negotiate was huge. It would be the most significant in her career and it came with a responsibility that was both thrilling and terrifying. Her company had made a name for itself in the tech industry by offering innovative solutions for sustainable energy, something the billionaires seated in this room would surely take interest in. But Maria wasn't just here to talk business. She was here to prove that her success wasn't a fluke. That she wasn't just playing the game. She was here to remind everyone that she had earned every inch of her place at this table. As Maria approached the large conference table, the group of investors seated around it stood to greet her. Richard Delroy, one of the most influential jet owners in the room made the first move. A tall man with salt and pepper hair and a sharp suit, Delroy exuded the kind of confidence that came from years of wealth and privilege. He extended his hand in a welcoming gesture, but the way his eyes flicked to her before meeting her gaze told a different story, one of condescension. "Miss Bennett," he said with a smile that barely reached his eyes. "It's a pleasure to finally meet you in person." Maria shook his hand firmly, her expression neutral. "The pleasure is mine," she replied. She could tell right away that Delacroy wasn't expecting someone like her. He had probably assumed that a CEO of her background would be meek, perhaps even nervous in the face of such powerful men. But Maria wasn't about to play into that stereotype. Instead, she took her seat at the table with the same confidence she had cultivated over the years. The meeting began as most business meetings did, polite introductions, small talk, and the formalities of going over the details of the deal. But as the conversation progressed, Maria couldn't shake the feeling that something was off. The billionaires around the table, despite their outwardly polite demeanor, seemed to look past her as if her presence didn't truly matter. The small gestures, the subtle body language they were all speaking louder than their words. Delicroy, ever the showman, steered the conversation toward the specifics of the deal, and that's when Maria began to notice the underlying tone of the discussion. They weren't treating her like a peer. They were talking to her as if she were someone lower down the ladder, someone who needed to prove her worth. At one point, Delacroy made a comment about the industry being a man's world and how tough it must have been for her to succeed in such an environment. He said it as if it were a compliment, as if she should be grateful that she had managed to break through the glass ceiling, something that only a few women, let alone women of color, ever did. Maria kept her face composed. She had dealt with this before, the subtle underestimation that many of these men thought was harmless banter. But she was no stranger to the struggles that came with being a black woman in corporate spaces. She had learned to navigate these waters carefully, to rise above the comments, the sideways glances, and the unsolicited advice. But today, something felt different. Today, she wasn't going to let this slide. She glanced around the table, meeting the eyes of each man there. Richard Delroy, sitting at the head of the table, was leaning back in his chair, arms folded, as if he had already made up his mind about her. Maria noticed how the others were suddenly nodding in agreement with whatever he said, as if they were all part of some exclusive club that she wasn't really a member of. She had been here before at tables where her presence was tolerated, but not truly embraced. Tables where her ideas were heard, but not taken seriously. But not today. Not in this room. Her thoughts were interrupted by Delroyy's voice. So, Miss Bennett, he said, his tone shifting to something more calculated, more dismissive. I must admit, I'm curious how did you manage to get this deal off the ground. It's not every day we see a woman, let alone someone of your background leading such a large tech company." Maria paused. It wasn't the first time someone had made a remark like that, but today she wasn't going to let it slide. She leaned forward slightly, meeting Delacroyy's gaze with an intensity that surprised even herself. "I didn't manage to get this deal off the ground, Mr. Delacroy," she said, her voice steady but firm. "I built it from the ground up. Every decision, every sleepless night, every risk, it's<unk> all part of why I'm here today." The silence in the room was thick, almost tangible. She could feel the surprise ripple through the other investors, but they didn't say a word. Delacroy, to his credit, didn't back down immediately. Instead, he raised an eyebrow as if impressed by her confidence. He didn't know it yet, but this was just the beginning of Maria's true power play. Dot. As the meeting continued, Maria could feel the tension in the room thickening. Delroy had underestimated her, and now it was clear that the others at the table were beginning to realize that she wasn't going to be the pushover they expected. Maria had always believed in the power of silence, the ability to speak without uttering a word. As she sat there listening to the group, she was carefully considering each one of them, watching their reactions, taking note of every glance, every subtle shift in body language. The billionaires around the table were used to having things go their way. It was a world where deals were made with handshakes and their power was unquestioned. For them, a CEO like Maria, one who was not only a woman, but also a black woman, was something of an anomaly. They had likely never encountered someone who was as determined to succeed as Maria was. She had spent years proving herself, working harder than most, navigating the challenges of her position with both grace and grit. And now, as they all sat at this table, Maria was about to show them what it meant to underestimate her. Delicroy took the floor again, this time turning the conversation toward the numbers. "Let<unk>s talk specifics," he said, tapping the paperwork in front of him. You've done a remarkable job, Miss Bennett, but can your company really handle a deal this large? This is a serious investment we're discussing, and we need to be sure that we're not throwing our money into something that's too risky. Maria's eyes locked onto Delacroy. The question wasn't about the deal. It was about her ability to make it happen. It was another attempt to test her, to see if she would back down. But Maria wasn't about to give him the satisfaction of seeing any doubt in her eyes. Instead, she calmly and confidently flipped through the papers in front of her, letting the silence hang for a moment. "Mr. Delacroy," she began, her voice, "Even, if you think I built this company by avoiding risks, you're<unk> mistaken. I've taken risks that most people wouldn't even consider. But I've always made calculated decisions, ones that put the company and everyone involved on a solid path forward. And this deal is no different. We're ready. Delroy seemed taken aback for a moment, his eyes narrowing. He wasn't used to women, especially women of color, speaking to him like that. He had probably expected some meek answer, something that would confirm his doubts. Instead, he got a challenge and that it seemed unnerved him. "Let's not get ahead of ourselves," Delroy said, trying to regain control of the conversation. "The numbers speak for themselves. If you're looking for $770 million, you'll need to prove that your company can sustain that kind of growth. Can you really deliver?" Maria took a deep breath. She knew what was coming. They weren't questioning the numbers. They were questioning her capability. They were questioning whether a woman like her could manage such a huge deal. As if her gender or her background were obstacles that could somehow limit her ability to lead. She had seen this before, but this time she wasn't going to let it slide. Let's<unk> talk about growth then she said standing up to her full height making sure her presence was felt. She wasn't about to shrink back into the shadows. My company has grown by 400% over the last 3 years. We've doubled our profits year after year and our growth projections for the next 5 years are even stronger. That's not by accident. That's the result of a well-thoughtout strategy and the tireless work of an incredible team. The room fell silent. The billionaires at the table exchanged looks, and for the first time, Maria saw something in their eyes that resembled doubt. They were no longer so certain of themselves, no longer so sure that they had the upper hand. Maria's words had landed, and they had made an impact. Delicroy cleared his throat and shifted in his seat. Impressive," he muttered. But there was a subtle edge to his voice. He still wasn't fully convinced. But it was clear that Maria was gaining ground. She could feel the momentum shifting in her favor. But then, as if on Q, one of the other investors, Gregory Sinclair, spoke up. Sinclair was an older man with a thick accent and an air of condescension that seemed to seep into everything he said. He had been quiet for most of the meeting, but now he leaned forward, his gaze fixed on Maria. "You talk a lot about growth," Sinclair said, his tone dismissive. "But what we're looking for is stability." "Growth is great, but what happens when the market turns?" "What happens when you hit a rough patch?" Maria held his gaze without flinching. She had anticipated this question. It was a classic tactic questioning the long-term viability of a business. The kind of question that often slipped under the radar as a valid concern. But Maria knew it was more than that. It was a challenge to her authority, an attempt to shake her confidence. He wanted to see her squirm. But Maria wasn't going to give him that satisfaction. I'm not here to talk about hypotheticals, Mr. Sinclair, she said, her voice firm but calm. We've already been through rough patches. This company has faced setbacks and we've overcome every single one of them. Our team is resilient. We've been through downturns in the market and bounced back stronger each time. I'm not asking you to take a leap of faith. I'm asking you to look at the facts. The stability you're worried about. We've already built it. The silence that followed was heavy. Maria could feel the weight of her words hanging in the air, but she didn't waver. The billionaires were now fully aware that she wasn't like the others they'd dealt with. She wasn't going to back down. She wasn't going to be intimidated. She was Maria Bennett, CEO, leader, and someone who had earned her place in this room. Delroy looked around the table, his jaw tied, and then turned back to Maria. I think we're getting off track, he said, his voice colder now. Let's<unk> focus on the specifics of the deal, shall we? Maria smiled inwardly. This was exactly what she wanted. The more they tried to throw her off course, the more they revealed their own insecurities. She could see it now. Delacroy, Sinclair, and the others were all starting to realize they had made a mistake. They had assumed she would fold under pressure. But Maria Bennett wasn't the kind of woman who folded. She was the kind of woman who stood tall no matter the challenge. And she wasn't about to let them forget it. Dot. As the meeting continued, Maria could feel the tension in the room thickening. Delacroy had underestimated her. And now it was clear that the others at the table were beginning to realize that she wasn't going to be the pushover they expected. Maria had always believed in the power of silence, the ability to speak without uttering a word. As she sat there listening to the group, she was carefully considering each one of them, watching their reactions, taking note of every glance, every subtle shift in body language. The billionaires around the table were used to having things go their way. It was a world where deals were made with handshakes, and their power was unquestioned. Let's talk specifics, he said, tapping the paperwork in front of him. You've done a remarkable job, Miss Bennett, but can your company really handle a deal this large? This is a serious investment we're discussing, and we need to be sure that we're not throwing our money into something that's too risky. Maria's eyes locked onto Delacroy. The question wasn't about the deal. It was about her ability to make it happen. It was another attempt to test her to see if she would back down. But Maria wasn't about to give him the satisfaction of seeing any doubt in her eyes. Instead, she calmly and confidently flipped through the papers in front of her, letting the silence hang for a moment. Mr. Delicroy, she began her voice even, "If you think I built this company by avoiding risks, you're mistaken. I've taken risks that most people wouldn't even consider. But I've always made calculated decisions, ones that put the company and everyone involved on a solid path forward, and this deal is no different. We're ready." Delicroy seemed taken aback for a moment, his eyes narrowing. He wasn't used to women, especially women of color, speaking to him like that. He had probably expected some meek answer, something that would confirm his doubts. Instead, he got a challenge. And that, it seemed, unnerved him. Let's not get ahead of ourselves, Delroy said, trying to regain control of the conversation. The numbers speak for themselves. If you're looking for $770 million, you'll need to prove that your company can sustain that kind of growth. Can you really deliver? Maria took a deep to let it slide. "Let's talk about growth," then she said, standing up to her full height, making sure her presence was felt. She wasn't about to shrink back into the shadows. "My company has grown by 400% over the last 3 years. We've doubled our profits year after year, and our growth projections for the next 5 years are even stronger. That's not by accident. That's the result of a well-thoughtout strategy and the tireless work of an incredible team. The room fell silent. The billionaires at the table exchanged looks. And for the first time, Maria saw something in their eyes that resembled doubt. They were no longer so certain of themselves, no longer so sure that they had the upper hand. Maria's words had landed, and they had made an impact. Delacroy cleared his throat and shifted in his seat. "Impressive," he muttered, but there was a subtle edge to his voice. He still wasn't fully convinced, but it was clear that Maria was gaining ground. She could feel the momentum shifting in her favor. But then, as if on Q, one of the other investors, Gregory Sinclair, spoke up. Sinclair was an older man with a thick accent and an air of condescension that seemed to seep into everything he said. "He had been quiet for most of the gaze fixed on Maria. You talk a lot what happens when the market turns? What happens when you hit a rough patch?" Maria held his gaze without flinching. She had anticipated this question. It was a classic tactic, questioning the long-term viability of a business. The kind of question that often slipped under the radar as a valid concern. But Maria knew it was more than that. It was a challenge to her authority, an attempt to shake her confidence. He wanted to see her squirm. But Maria wasn't going to give him that satisfaction. the facts, the stability you're worried about. We've already built it. The silence that followed was heavy. Maria could feel the weight of her words hanging in the air, but she didn't waver. The billionaires were now fully aware that she wasn't like the others they'd dealt with. She wasn't going to back down. She wasn't going to be intimidated. She was Maria Bennett CEO, leader, and room. Delicroy looked around the table, She could see it now. Odelcroy Sinclair and the others were all starting to realize they had made a mistake. They had assumed she would fold under pressure. But Maria Bennett wasn't the kind of woman who folded. She was the kind of woman who stood tall no matter the challenge. And she wasn't about to let them forget it. Dot. Maria could feel the air in the room shift. There was no longer the smug certainty in the billionaire's eyes, no longer the sense that they were in complete control of the situation. They had expected her to fold, to give into their subtle attempts at undermining her, but instead she had stood her ground. Each word sharper than the last, each challenge met with calm resolve. Now she was certain they were beginning to understand that this wasn't a typical negotiation. This wasn't going to be the easy deal they had anticipated. But Maria wasn't done yet. She had no intention of walking away from this room without making sure that everyone at the table knew exactly who they were dealing with. This was more than just about the deal. It was about proving that she belonged here, that she had earned the right to sit at this table with them. The momentary silence was broken by John Callahan, who had been quiet for most of the meeting. He was the one person who hadn't been quick to dismiss her, but now his tone was more thoughtful, as if he was reconsidering everything. He wasn't just playing along with the others. And that made Maria wonder if he saw something that the others didn't. "Maria," Callahan said, his voice low but steady. "You've made your point. You're not here by accident. Your company is growing, and we can't deny that. But what happens when things go wrong? In business, there are always unforeseen challenges, market fluctuations, shifts in technology, and even unexpected competition. What will your company do then? Maria took a deep breath. She'd heard this question before, too. It wasn't just about growth. It was about survival. The billionaires were looking for the assurance that no matter what happened, Maria would be able to weather the storms, but she didn't need them to hand her that reassurance. "She had already proven that she could lead her company through difficult times." "Mr. Callahan, I don't shy away from challenges," Maria replied, her voice steady. "I faced obstacles that many would have given up on. This company has survived economic downturns, intense competition, and a changing market landscape. Each time we've come out stronger. Why? Because we adapt. We plan for the worst, but we always move forward. There is no room for complacency. We are always looking ahead. Delroy looked like he was about to speak, but Maria held up a hand, cutting him off. She could see the doubt in his eyes, the weariness that was slowly creeping in. He wasn't sure if she was bluffing or if she actually had what it took to follow through on her bold words. But it didn't matter. Maria wasn't interested in playing games. She was here for results. "Let me tell you something, Mr. Delacroy," Maria said, turning her gaze to him. "I didn't get to where I am by making empty promises. I've seen the highs and lows of this business and I've learned to navigate through them all. When things go wrong, we don't panic. We assess, adjust, and keep moving. There is no stopping when you've already built something this solid. The other investors exchanged glances, their skepticism giving way to something else. Maybe it was respect, or maybe it was the growing realization that they had underestimated her. Either way, Maria could feel the shift. The power in the room had suddenly but undeniably shifted in her favor. Sinclair, who had been sitting back with his arms crossed, leaned forward with a sigh. "He seemed to be trying to process everything Maria had said. "You're<unk> confident. I'll give you that," he said, his voice now lacking the sharpness it had held earlier. "But confidence isn't enough. You need resources, influence, and sometimes the market just isn't on your side. Maria smiled. It was a smile that didn't reach her eyes. A smile that was as much about composure as it was about confidence. I've already proven I can find the resources I need. Mr. Sinclair, the partnerships we've built, the investors who believe in what we do, those relationships are stronger than you think. And as for influence, well, I'd say I've got enough to get the job done. Maybe not in the way you expect, but that's the beauty of this business. It's not always about playing by the rules. It's about knowing when to rewrite them. At this, Delroy seemed to bristle, but Maria wasn't done yet. She could see the uncertainty beginning to settle in, and it gave her the momentum she needed to drive her point home. This was the moment when she had to seal the deal, when she had to make them understand that turning their backs on her was a mistake they wouldn't be able to undo. Maria stood up slowly, walking around the table with deliberate steps. Every movement was calculated, every gesture intentional. She wanted them to feel the weight of her words, the power of her presence. Gentlemen, she began, her voice loud enough to fill the room. You're here because you see potential in my company. You're here because you understand that we're on the brink of something big. And that's why I'm asking you to put your trust in me. Not just because of the numbers, but because of the vision I have for this company. The vision I've worked so hard to bring to life. She paused, locking eyes with each of them in turn. I'm not asking for your approval. I'm asking for your partnership. I've already shown you what I'm capable of. I've already delivered results. Now, it's time for you to decide if you want to be part of this journey or not. The room was quiet. Delicroy Sinclair and the others sat in stunned silence, their expressions unreadable. For a moment, Maria thought they might push back, try to undermine her once again. But then something unexpected happened. Callahan, who had remained neutral throughout most of the conversation, spoke up. "I think she's right," Callahan said, his voice steady but resolute. "I've worked with plenty of CEOs, but none of them have the fire that she does. We've seen her results, and now we need to see if we're willing to take the next step." There was a pause, and then, almost as if on Q, the others began to nod. Delacroy seemed to begrudgingly acknowledge the truth in Callahan's words. Sinclair, though still skeptical, didn't argue. Maria could feel a sense of victory building inside her. It wasn't over yet, but she could tell that the deal was starting to come together. She had done what no one else had been able to do. She had shown them that she was more than just a CEO. She was a force to be reckoned with. And just like that, Maria knew one thing for sure. This was only the beginning. Dot. The atmosphere in the room had changed completely. The once dismissive billionaires were now silent. Their earlier arrogance replaced by something more cautious, almost respectful. The power had shifted entirely. Maria could feel it, and she knew it wasn't just about the numbers anymore. This wasn't just a business deal. It had become a battle of wills. And in that battle, Maria had won. She stood tall at the front of the room, still composed, still in control. But inside, a sense of satisfaction was slowly building. It had been a long road to get here. Years of overcoming doubts, fighting against obstacles, and proving her worth time and time again. Today, she had done more than just secure a deal. She had proven that she belonged at the table with the most powerful people in the room. Delicroy, the leader of the group, seemed to be the first to break the silence. He cleared his throat, his earlier cocky demeanor replaced by something softer. He wasn't the first to admit it, but the realization was starting to sink in. Maria Bennett had shown them a side of herself they hadn't anticipated, a side that was fierce, unyielding, and impossible to ignore. I have to admit, Maria, Delacroy said, his voice a little less confident than before. You've got guts. You've held your ground better than anyone I've worked with in years. I wasn't sure if you could deliver, but I see now that you're exactly what this company needs. Maria nodded, maintaining her calm. Thank you, she said simply. But it's not just about guts. It's about results. And as I've shown, I don't make promises I can't<unk>t keep. There was a moment of pause as Delroy nodded, his eyes narrowing slightly as if reconsidering the entire scope of the deal. He shifted his gaze from Maria to the other investors. And for the first time in this entire meeting, there was a sense of uncertainty in his eyes. Callahan spoke next, his voice less measured than before, but still clear and thoughtful. She<unk>s right. We're not just looking at the numbers anymore. We're looking at the vision. And I believe Maria has that vision. I've seen how she operates, how she handles pressure, how she keeps moving forward when others might falter. Maria appreciated the support, but she wasn't going to let herself get caught up in the moment. There was still work to do. The deal was not final yet, and she had to be careful. These men might be acknowledging her now, but Maria knew all too well how quickly things could change. She had earned every inch of her success, and she wasn't about to let her guard down. "I don't need your praise, gentlemen," Maria said, her tone still calm, but firm. "What I need is your commitment. I've shown you what we can do, and now it's time to decide if you're willing to take this journey with me." Her words hung in the air, powerful and decisive. The room felt heavier, as if everyone present was grappling with the decision they were about to make. They had already invested their time, their energy, and their trust in her company. But now, Maria had given them a choice to believe in her, to trust her vision, or to walk away and let someone else take the lead. The silence stretched for what felt like an eternity. But Maria didn't flinch. She had already shown them her strength. Now it was their turn to show hers. Sinclair, who had been quiet for some time, finally spoke. You've got guts. I'll give you that. And it's clear you know how to lead. But we're talking about a big commitment here, Maria. Are you sure you can handle the pressure? This deal will change everything. It's not just about money. It's about influence. It's about control. You'll be taking on responsibility in ways you've never experienced before. Maria met his gaze directly, feeling the weight of his words. I've handled responsibility before, she said, her voice unwavering. I've led a company through everything from market crashes to major personnel changes. I'm not afraid of pressure. I thrive in it. Delicroy looked at the others, his brow furrowed. The hesitation was still there, but it was fading. He had been skeptical, but Maria had proven her medal. They all knew that backing down now would be more than just a loss of face. It would be a major mistake, one that would undermine their credibility in the long run. Finally, Callahan spoke up, his tone more resolute. I think we've all seen enough. Maria, you've earned our respect. You've earned this deal. We're<unk> on board. The room seemed to exhale in unison. The tension that had been hanging in the air evaporated, replaced by a new sense of possibility. Maria allowed herself a small smile, but she didn't let herself relax completely. "Not yet." She had fought for this moment, and now it was hers to seize. Thank you, gentlemen," she said, her voice steady. "I won't let you down. But remember, this isn't just about a business deal. This is about a partnership. And that means you'll have to trust me just as much as I trust you." The billionaires nodded, each of them acknowledging the weight of her words. Maria could see that they had made their decision. They weren't just backing her company, they were backing her, the woman who had stood her ground and proven that she wasn't just another CEO. She was a leader. As the meeting wrapped up, the atmosphere in the room was completely different from when it had started. There was no longer an air of condescension. There was no longer the feeling that Maria had to prove herself to these men. They knew exactly who she was now, and they were ready to join her on the journey ahead. Maria stood up, shaking hands with each of the investors in turn. She knew that the road ahead would still be filled with challenges, but for the first time in a long time, she felt certain that she was on the right path. She had fought for this. And now, with this deal secured, the next chapter of her company's story could begin. As she left the meeting room, Maria allowed herself a moment of quiet triumph. This was just the beginning. She had shown them all that a woman like her wasn't just capable of leading a billion-dollar company. She was destined to change the game. And nothing, no one was going to stop her.

- Black CEO Humiliated by Billionaire Private Jet Owners, Then She Cancels $770M Deal!: Kind: captions Language: en Ava Sinclair stepped out of her luxury SUV and onto the sundrenched tarmac of a private airirstrip in Scottsdale, Arizona. Her white suit was crisp, tailored to perfection, and stood in stark contrast to the dusty landscape behind her. The 42-year-old black CEO of Cintech Industries had flown in for what was meant to be the culmination of a groundbreaking $770 million partnership with the Aurelius Group, an elite circle of billionaire private jet owners and aviation tech mogul. Her gate was calm, precise, each stride radiating power, confidence, and resolve. But behind her polished exterior, Ava carried the heavy weight of recent meetings that had slowly begun to chip away at her patients. The deal was lucrative and would skyrocket Cintech into a global spotlight. But at what cost? From the very first meeting, Ava felt the undercurrent of elitism and exclusion. Despite heading one of the most innovative AI firms in the industry, she had been met with subtle slights, off-handed comments about her youth and style, and endless interruptions in boardroom negotiations. Her credentials were questioned more than once, despite her Ivy League education and 10 years of CEO experience. What the men around her failed to acknowledge, perhaps intentionally, was that Ava had built Cintech from the ground up. She had faced a thousand boardroom battles and a million doubters. But today on this airirstrip, the humiliation would become bolder, more pointed, and finally too much to ignore. As she approached the gleaming Gulfream jet, she was greeted by Lawrence McKay, the most senior partner of the Aurelius group. With silver hair, slick back, and eyes that scanned her like a purchase, Lawrence extended his hand. "Miss Sinclair," he said with a smirk. "That's quite the ensemble. You look more ready for the cover of Vogue than a business flight. Ava smiled politely, hiding the familiar burn of being reduced to aesthetics. "Thank you," she replied coolly. "I dress for the altitude I'm aiming for." Lawrence chuckled, but the undercurrent of condescension didn't go unnoticed. Inside the plane, the luxury was staggering. custom leather seats, rare wine chilling in gold line fridges, and a long mahogany table where four other men lounged like royalty. Among them was Brent Harrow, a tech billionaire who made his fortune through cryptocurrency and NFTts. Now notorious for his cocky demeanor and immature jokes. As Ava took her seat, Brent didn't bother to look up from his phone. "Didn't know Sinte hired models for negotiations?" he muttered more to his drink than anyone in particular. Ava straightened, her expression unflinching. Didn't know Aurelius let toddlers run billion-dollar portfolios, she replied sharply, instantly silencing the chuckles that followed. The next two hours were a battle of endurance. Every point Ava raised was challenged, often by someone who hadn't even read the updated contract drafts. Lawrence questioned her projections despite having the same data reviewed by two independent audit firms. One executive mispronounced her name three times, even after being corrected. They poured drinks freely, laughed at inside jokes, and discussed weekend plans to Monaco. All while Ava patiently re-calibrated the discussion back to business. It was death by a thousand microaggressions, but Ava stayed focused. The finish line was near. Then came what they called jet class. As the meeting concluded and the deal appeared set, Lawrence stood up, raising a glass. Ava, as a gesture of welcome, we'd like you to participate in a little tradition, he said, eyes gleaming. Brent pulled a silver tray from beneath the bar and dramatically uncovered it. On it sat a leather dog collar encrusted with fake diamonds. Every first time flyer on our Gulf Stream gets initiated. It's just a bit of fun, he said. Ava's heart sank, not from fear, but from fury. The collar wasn't just a joke. It was a message, a reminder, a test. You want me to put that on? She asked quietly. Brent laughed. Oh, come on. It's symbolic. We're all part of the same pack now. It's not personal. Lawrence added, "We've done it to every new partner, even the white guys." Ava's gaze moved from the collar to each man in the room, letting the silence build. She saw it then, the expectation that she would laugh, play along, and tolerate the humiliation to stay in the circle. They believed her silence could be bought. They were wrong. I have led teams of engineers who have launched systems you all use daily. I have mentored women, built jobs, and changed the landscape of AI technology. And here I am being asked to wear a collar in a billionaire frat club. Her voice was ice. Land the plane. Lawrence looked annoyed. Ava, don't ruin this. The deal is done. You're being emotional. She smiled coldly. And you're being exposed. The flight crew, sensing the shift, went quiet. Without another word, Ava reached for her briefcase and stood tall. She wasn't just leaving the jet. She was walking away from $770 million and towards something far more valuable. The next morning, headlines exploded. Black CEO walks away from $770 million deal after private jet humiliation. Social media went wild. LinkedIn and Twitter were flooded with professionals, particularly black women and minority entrepreneurs who hailed Ava as a symbol of unshakable integrity. Hashtags like #Avong #respect beforerevenue and #jetclasses over dominated trending charts. Business outlets dissected every detail, replaying leaked accounts of the incident. Anonymous insiders began to share similar stories of disrespect and sexism from inside the Aurelius group. Lawrence and Brent attempted damage control. They claimed Ava had misinterpreted a longstanding company ritual and accused her of using the situation for attention. That move backfired spectacularly. Major corporations started pulling out of joint deals with Aurelius. Brands like Skyfleet, Luxair, and Capitalverse announced that they would no longer do business with the firm, citing cultural misalignment and ethical concerns. Brent's crypto app lost 15% of its value overnight after a viral Tik Tok showed him mocking AA's speech at a prior conference. Investors panicked, lawyers got involved. Meanwhile, Ava moved forward with grace and fire. In under two weeks, she signed a new $850 million deal with Solar Wave Ventures, a clean energy startup run by a multicultural board of innovators. Unlike the stale arrogance of Aurelius, Solar Wave welcomed her leadership and aligned with her ethics. The new partnership promised a future focused on climate, automation, and community access. While Aurelius scrambled to contain the fallout, Cinteka's valuation doubled. Ava never once commented on the collar publicly. Instead, she let her actions speak. She launched an initiative within Cintech called Elevate AI, offering mentorship and capital to black and brown women in STEM. She funded scholarships, gave keynote speeches about ethical entrepreneurship, and refused interviews with outlets that had previously ignored her success. When Forbes ran a cover feature titled The Woman Who Chose Respect Over Riches and got both, it sold out in hours. A few months later, Ava was invited to speak at the Global Economic Forum in Geneva. Dressed again in her white suit, she took the stage before thousands of CEOs, policy makers, and rising entrepreneurs. "Power is not proven by what you accept, but by what you refuse," she said. Dignity is not negotiable. It is not a perk. It is a right. We cannot let old rooms define our value. If they won't respect our presence, we create new rooms, new airspace, and we fly on our own terms. Back home in Chicago, Cint opened its new 30story headquarters. The top floor bore a plaque that read, "Built without permission. Ava often walked its holes, passing rising interns and future executives who now looked to her not just as a CEO, but as a symbol of something far greater. Quietly, she knew that walking off that jet wasn't the end of a deal. It was the beginning of a movement. In private, she still received messages from executives within Aurelius. Apologies, requests for conversation, proposals to rebuild. Ava never responded. For her, that flight had lifted the curtain on a deeper disease in corporate culture. One that couldn't be fixed with rebranding or hush money. One that required burning the old map and drawing a new one. She didn't need to go back. She had already flown higher than they ever imagined.

- From Media to Private Jets: Building Luxury Brands @Speakerlifemagazine: Kind: captions Language: en What do you think it takes for [music] women to put themselves out there more and go after like being a co-founder of an aviation firm? Like what do you really need? Like what skill set? Who am I serving? [music] Who do you serve? What problem do you fix? And why should people work with you? When you can answer those questions [music] really clearly and succinctly, I think that's when you have the real magic and the real juice. It's [music] not how many times you get knocked down, it's how many times do you get back up. Hey everybody, welcome to Women Lucky and wealth podcast. I'm your host Danielle Thompson. I'm here today with the amazing Leah Woodford. She is the CMO and co-founder of Legacy Jets and also you have your own magazine. >> I do. I have Speaker Life magazine podcast and YouTube channel thanks to you guys. But I'm so excited to be here Danielle >> and thanks for hosting us. I mean, look at this amazing jet that we're in currently. We're really appreciative of you being so generous to allow us to facilitate this. So, we appreciate that. >> Well, I did have another bigger jet planned, but due to all the airline stuff and cancellations, all of our jets are flying. This was the only one available. >> Exactly. And that's totally understandable. I mean, we've seen articles out there with like so many of the, you know, the the staff shortages as well. And so tell us a little bit about how did you get into this type of business? >> It's really it was really kind of funny. I never intended to be in aviation although I've been around it my whole life. second husband who's also a pilot, but um my husband Paul was um he was in corporate aviation and he's been an airline pilot and he loved it, but he got sick of corporate America, you know, and so he came and worked with me and my media company and he was the be best videographer until I got Jason, but um he was an amazing videographer, but he missed flying a >> and we had really set up a lifestyle. You know, we had a really nice home and I knew within an aviation, it's seniority based and being a junior officer, he would take a huge pay cut. >> Yeah. >> And so, and I would be sacrificing a lot because it would take four people to replace him. It did take four people to replace what he did. So, I said, "There's only one thing you can do. You're going to have to start your own company." And then I I started out looking to figure out, you know, who do we need to make this happen? And we did with our first jet charter company. How do you go? Like there's so many different things to even think about with being in the aviation industry. Like how did you know like how to figure out every step of it? I'm sure it was a lot. >> Well, actually, not there is a lot. There is a lot. But he's done this for decades. >> That makes sense. So you had his experience. >> I did. um I could do the marketing, but he could do all the technical stuff, the pilot stuff. Um and really that's where his passion was. So the one thing I do know about being in business is it's not going to last long if you're you have to be all in >> or it just won't last. >> And I could see I could see that he really missed flying. >> Putting that guy back in the air made him really happy and made me happy, [laughter] too. And you're like you're the brains behind the marketing of it. So >> I am the marketing department. >> Yeah, you are the marketing. This is the marketing department, right? [laughter] Yes. >> Um so tell us a little bit about like how are like tell us a little bit more about uh the different types of jets you have. Well, we have we have a Lear 60. We have gosh we have quite a few premieres. We have soon to be two hawkers. We have a Yeah, I >> there's so many. A Cessna, wasn't there? >> Yes, we have a Cessna. That's not in here. That's with our flight school. Oh, by the way, we have a flight school. >> I don't even know what jet this is. >> Oh, this is a Premier 500. This is actually made by Bombadier. Um, these are amazing jets and they get requested a lot. The cabins are roomy, they're beautiful, and they have nice range and a lot they speed. They have speed like an airliner. That's amazing. What's your favorite jet that you have? >> We have a Premiere 500 um that we bought from Jetet magazine and it's black and silver and it's beautiful. But >> I think you showed us that one. That was gorgeous. >> I love that. We walked in it. >> Yes. Yes, we did. >> Um but I want to manifest I'm working on a pink jet. >> She's going to manifest it and then in like a year you're going to have it. Or maybe shorter. Maybe months. >> I maybe a couple months. Yeah. because we we need another premiere and I think we need a fuchsia one. >> Do you ever have interest in you flying a plane? >> You know, I did when I was younger and um I already do, you know, because we fly and I'm up there in the cockpit and there's a I >> there's a lot of control. >> Well, that's not it. I already do it. So, I don't see the need to go and do it. Although I will be taking a class, a spousal class just in case anything ever happens to >> Yeah. So, um >> that way you would know how to operate it and >> I mean it was a real passion of mine when I was younger, but the opportunity didn't present itself and now I have the opportunity and I'm not interested. Oh my gosh. >> I'd rather watch movies in the back with my dog. >> That sounds like my plan, too. >> It's a good plan. >> Yeah, exactly. And Tamara's all about like I want to be a pilot. I want to do this. I'm like, I will just be passenger princess all day long with my pups in my lap. Like you >> movies, movies and dogs. I'm telling you, [laughter] that's that's the way to fly. >> That's amazing. Um and I know you have like so you have the speaker life magazine and you put all the like your quarterly uh magazine in flight. In the flight. >> I do. >> Yeah. Tell us a little bit about the magazine. >> Well, that was my marketing strategy because Paul wanted me to do marketing full-time for Legacy and I still had my own company. I'm still running a media company. So I said I'm not going to do that, but I'm going to make you a beautiful in-flight magazine. And that is what I did. >> It really is beautiful. >> Thank you. Thank you. Well, we are flying um basically we fly celebrities, professional athletes and sea sweetite level people. So we are flying you know the 1enters. So they are accustomed to luxury. Exactly. And that's what we give them. What do you think it takes for women to put theirelves out there more really need? Like what skill set? You know what? For me, that was never on my radar. >> Um but I do know what it means to really I know what regret looks like. >> Um when you don't take action on something and I didn't want to do that again. You know, how many times do we hold ourselves back and oo I don't think I have all the skill sets yet, you know? Maybe I'm not ready. >> That's me. I've I used to be like that like growing up. I was just like, am I like even with me being on camera this year on our podcast like I didn't feel worthy to put myself on camera and like you do this for a living with your clients too. You have them on camera all the time. You teach them media training. And there also is an aspect of how do you build that confidence in your clients to put themselves out there more on camera? Well, I think really first of all, I'm still a journalist. I love the story. The there has to be a good story. >> Yeah, because you come up with the different angles for the story. >> You do. And I like to tell the backstories, the stories that most people don't know. But the other thing is it's not about me. Once I started taking the focus off of me and really about not even my guest, it's the audience. >> Who am I serving? Who are you? Who do you serve? What problem do you fix? And why should people work with you? When you can answer those questions really real juice. And that's how I like to go into everything. >> Yeah. and you've been completely on the podcasts we've done, you've been really vulnerable and raw and authentic and it really shines through in in the camera as well. And for me, like um putting myself out there on camera, it's exactly what you just said. I had to start thinking about what is my market, like what do they want to learn and what do they want to hear and to put ourselves out there more. So, it's not about me, but I do look at myself on camera sometimes and I'm like, we all do. >> I'm like my hair or I just spit everywhere like it's horrible. is super embarrassing, but nobody's really paying attention. >> That's IRL, though. But but think about this. I mean, in 2011, and I was actually in the height of my broadcasting career, cancer came right on my face. >> It was gone. >> And I did get my face back, but it's not the face I knew. >> Yeah. And even after all the surgeries putting me back together again, I never thought I'd be back on a stage or back on studio or doing anything on camera. Um, so it's a gift. >> Yeah, >> it's a gift. And I don't mind a wrinkle now because I have a face. When you go 11 months without one, you really gain an appreciation. >> Yeah. And what I like about like on even on social media is people are being seen for their the way that they look like their authentic selves. And like when you're able to like show that on camera, more people resonate and maybe they have some issues that are going on and maybe they're at points where they, you know, don't necessarily like feel comfortable putting themselves out there more, but they are connecting with other people all around the world. So it's a beautiful thing, >> you know. It it's true. And >> a lot of [clears throat] people have gone through cancer, too. And so you really, it's such a connection point. [snorts] >> It is. You know, nobody goes through life unscathed, Danielle. And we all have something that just knocks the wind out of us. And we It's not how many >> And there and I got to tell you, when that happened the first time, I've had cancer three times. So, um, you got to keep getting back up. And you really have to find a purpose. You know, what do I want? You know, why am I doing this? And your why has to be bigger than your excuse. >> Because there's a you're going to come up with a million excuses. So, I like to declare my goals out loud >> because then I have to do them. >> Yeah. Well, it's so fun with you because like you're talking about manifesting the jet and it's going to happen. Like we already said it's going to happen like really soon, too. But the thing is is like most people they don't set those goals or they don't actually like take action to pursue it. And I think that's just like one of the things is like being able to map out the steps to achieve it. And like you have no ceiling. >> I did I did for a long time till I manifested my first jet. >> You know um >> every you realize everything's possible. >> Yeah. I really mind over matter. If you believe it, then I believe that God, the universe, whatever, I think it conspires. And as long as you have the right people in the right place, I mean, my husband is brilliant. Um, he really loves what he does. He's great with the pilots. He's great with um he's great with our customers and our clients. So, I knew it. And when we flew in the jetet plane, and I'm It's gorgeous. It's gorgeous. I told Paul, "If Darren ever sells this, we need to buy it." And and we just started this company. I mean, we just barely got it off the ground, you know, and he says, "Merry Christmas, baby. You're good." And the Jet said, >> you know, it was three months later. So, when you have that kind of And I've had little things, wins like this. I mean, I have access to this $22 million studio that I just that wasn't even on my radar, you know, but I think when you are really positive and you love what you do and the people around you like what you're doing, it just it just kind of happens. Yeah. It's like also just like for me like growing up, I didn't have my family was taught to be blue collared workers. So, it's like get a job, you know, go to college, get a job. And so that was the path and I was like I wasn't passionate about anything like I was going for um biology. So I was like I'm just going to be a doctor because I didn't I wanted to take myself out of like poverty the way I my family grew up. And then I realized I wasn't passionate about it. I met Tamara. Her mom was super passionate about interior design. Tamara was very passionate about videography and editing at the time and I was like I need to go after what I'm passionate about. I love business. I was an operations manager. I realized I loved having employees. I loved managing team. And then I realized I loved marketing. And so then I went back to school and got a marketing degree and I was like, I did not need that. But but it was part of my path. >> But but you're passionate about it. Your whole face lights up when you're doing something you love. Um let's face it, even as an entrepreneur, once you do something all the time, it does become a jo o. But if you love it and the why is big enough, you can blow up that company. >> Absolutely. Yeah. And and the fact that we both love business is like huge. And like you're just showing that when you're in alignment with your passions and what you want to do in life, it all just falls into place naturally through God and uh other factors. And I love that because I went uh in my 20s, I was 24. I was still working in corporate America and I invested in Jack Canfield's retreat. And that was one of the methodologies that he was teaching like you don't have to spend 15,000 on this, but what exactly what you just said like just put yourself in those shoes already like you always say like you have to feel it. Like you said, >> you have to actually it's my light. You have to touch the dream. >> Don't touch that. That's the exit [laughter] pole. You have to touch the dream because if you don't touch the dream, if you don't put yourself in those circles in that in that space, it's never going to feel real to you, >> you know? >> And it didn't feel natural at the time because we had to show up at this party where I had to pretend to be super successful. I had to pretend like I was this person. And I didn't get it in my 20s. I get it now. None of us did. I get it now. I I got it in my late 20s, but um >> Hey, that's a lot sooner than I did, >> right? Yeah. The the success principles book was just like taking accountability for your life. >> I have a funny Jack Hanfield story when I was first starting Speaker Life magazine. He was my first celebrity cover. >> You did say that and the cover was hideous. >> It sucked. I really I quit doing magazines for about five months and I reverse engineered it because I knew I was not going to put anything out there that was subpar and then funny story he just said, "Hey, those magazines are looking good. Are you going to bring me back?" And then he retired. >> Oh my god. Yeah, he just retired. >> But um he's just amazing and I I I was blessed to have him on camera in studio in [snorts] my old studio. But what a generous, kind, brilliant man. >> Yeah. Yeah. And it's also just like being on the frequency of manifesting more. And that's what he taught me is like Yeah. And exactly what you're saying. And I love it. I love everything. I'm grateful for us to be partners and >> and friends together and friends. >> Friends. We have fun together. And that's that's really kind of my philosophy in life. And my husband really didn't understand it. If I can't throw my heart over the bar, if I don't want to break bread with you, I probably don't want to work with you because I want to throw my heart over the bar and just really do the best job. And there are some people that, you know, we're just on different frequencies. >> And I think it's like a big on being like the go-giver, too. Like you're such a go-giver, and we try to be as well, right? >> Oh, you guys are very much >> go-getters. We try to go above and beyond. Like if somebody's not happy, let's chat about it. Let's make it right. Let's make it better. That's why we don't have any bad reviews online because we always make it right. So, >> you know, and that's rare these days. >> A lot of people just go, >> "Oh, well," you know, but the other thing is you have to treat your customers and your staff and the people that you that you work with, your power partners, with respect and dignity. They deserve it and you have to pay them. >> You know, >> exactly. And I just interviewed Michelle Cunningham and she said something really brilliant. She said, "I really couldn't get to a big offer because I had never bought one." She said, "Until I spent $10,000 on an offer and realized it wasn't even as good as my $29 offer." >> Right. >> Then I was ready to do that. And I thought, "Wow, that's so powerful. So true. >> You have to touch the dream before you can do it." >> Yep. I love that. Well, I'm so appreciative that we got to do this interview today and uh we'll definitely have you back on our show, Women Unlucking Wild Broadcaster Authority. >> I would love that. Thank you so much. >> Yeah, thank you. And that's a wrap with Women Unlocking Wealth. Thanks for tuning in.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WomenUnlockingWealth: Build a luxury brand podcast: https://go.broadcastyourauthority.com/
  2. @edithlester3544: Yes,I will
  3. @WomenUnlockingWealth: Follow Us & Subscribe:
Listen on Apple, Spotify, YouTube, or your favorite platform

Follow on Instagram:
@womenunlockingwealth: https://www.instagram.com/womenunlockingwealth/ 
@tamarathompsonofficial: https://www.instagram.com/tamarathompsonofficial/ 
@danielledesireethompson: https://www.instagram.com/danielledesireethompson/

- Lessons from My Private Jet - What Schools Failed to Teach Us: Kind: captions Language: en the number one thing that they should have taught you and I in school by the time we're 18 years old should have been financial freedom right cuz it's I I sometimes say it's the most ironic thing the whole reason you're supposed to go to school is to prepare you for life but let's be honest when you were 18 when you graduated high school did you feel like you were remotely equipped for the important things in life because I would say there's like four important things you gotta know in life you gotta know health wealth love which is like your social life and happiness and those four things are completely skipped you know you learn what isosceles triangle is you learn social studies all that stuff you could learn later honestly and that's the stuff you should learn at 30 and then or if you get a job like become an engineer it's obviously a little a little more important to know isosceles triangle but I'll tell you this was more important for everybody is to understand the basics of how to invest your money how to create cash flow how to you know really understand how to create appreciating assets that'll take care of you throughout your life zero taught about that in school they read a psychological study that said the three biggest regrets people have are who they marry the job they choose and their education and and I think that third one is the worst because you can't get those years back like if you marry the wrong person you could get you could turn that around you're in the wrong job you can switch jobs but if you spent from age six to age eighteen basically wasting everybody's time wasting taxpayer money how do you recover from that and so I think there's like three main lessons that everybody you and I should have learned that we didn't learn so I decided out recorded video I'm actually flying to speak at Harvard I'm a college dropout I hope they know that but I'm speaking they're up to their entrepreneur there's a entrepreneur conference and they invited me to speak this is a Gulfstream g4 decided to charter one nowadays I try to usually go private not always but and I'm part of why I do it is because it gives me more time to do important stuff like I was reading this book I always say I always think of that Jim Rohn saying a formal education will make you a living by self education will make you a fortune so I recorded a video on my website I'll put a link to it it should be below or above or somewhere around or maybe down in the text depending where you're watching this video click it I'll take you over to my website and on show you three very important secrets that I didn't learn till I was well you know after high school from mentors specifically about financial freedom because like I said you need to learn health wealth love and happiness but if you don't have financial freedom everything else suffers it's the number one reason people get divorced financial issues you know number one of the top reasons Daniel Kahneman and Nobel prize-winner found people aren't happy they're too stressed about money and health is directly related if you're so stressed out if you're working so hard you have no time to relax so I always say when you don't know how what to fix in your life fix your financial situation and but you got to know some things that they don't teach in school you know you have to understand how to buy low sell high right that's like simple stuff but there's some more advanced stuff that I'll talk about and and this is whether or not you want to be entrepreneur you don't necessary have to be an entrepreneur you can have your job maybe you're unemployed now a lot of people are unemployed there are ways and it's better time ever than ever don't despite what the media says for you to become financially free it's actually realistic now might not have been realistic a hundred years ago but it is today so click this link below take you over to my website I'm gonna show you three secrets now when you get over there pay attention because that's a video that I'm not gonna keep up for that long I just wanted to people ask me this question a lot like what did you learn about financial freedom because I was born to a single mom my dad was in prison when I was born so I didn't grow up flying in private jets my mom probably never made more than maybe 20 or 30 grand why not when I was young so I had to learn all this stuff that's why I said formal education will make you a living I went through public school up to high school I didn't go to college I dropped out so I got that formal education and I learned how to make a living but for most people that's not enough money to live on you know if you're not making enough you're gonna be stressed out so I think this is an important video for you to watch if you click that link and really when you get there it's free you don't have to put your credit card in or anything it's a video that people have where I talk about stuff where people have paid me a lot of money I get paid to speak around the world and but I wanted to give this one free just because I feel like mentors help me pay and so this is me paying it forward and passing on this stuff a lot of people you know now I'm in Beverly Hills and all that a lot of people I know that make a lot of money don't want to share stuff and so I thought maybe I should be that way you know don't teach everybody because it creates competition with me but I'm not worried about that you figure out how to become financially free how to apply these three secrets I'm going to teach you it's gonna be a better world for everybody you know so yeah click this link should be below maybe up depending you can never tell with online videos where the button will be and it's gonna explain really what I wish they had taught me in high school and the stuff you know I've been over 40 or 50 countries traveling the world learning this stuff learning from billionaires learning from you know millionaires learning from top entrepreneurs and CEOs and this is all that stuff that I had to gather the hard way and I want to give it to you for free so click that link and I'll see you over on my website

- Amalfi Jets on Flying Private, Making $100M Before 25, How The 1% Operate & More | CEOCAST: Kind: captions Language: en Aviation was always a part of my life. Started taking flying lessons when I was 12 years old. New 10,000 foot office. We have 26 employees. This year we do just under $100 million in revenue. I'm 24. Yes, >> that is insane. >> We don't spend a dollar on paid advertising. Aviation is a very 24/7 industry. Flights happen at all hours. Someone can call us at 2 in the morning say, "Hey, I need a plane now." I remember creating this like fake rich person email, James Middleton the third, reaching out to all of our competitors. I love telling the story cuz it's just so crazy. We don't sell, everybody loses their job. That's a responsibility I don't take lightly. We break the seat, it's $200,000 a seat. >> Get a private jet from here to London. How much does that cost? Roughly >> about 150,000. Utilizing our software that we built to search the network. We track the airplane so we know where they are. It's kind of what you sign up for by being an entrepreneur. It's very, very lonely. One of my biggest regrets, I never had fun in college. I never went to the parties. I never joined a frat. Never went to any of that stuff. The echelon of customer that you're dealing with, high net worth people tend to know other high net worth people. People see us flying private. You know, I have a Ferrari and a Lamborghini. You see that, but behind the scenes. >> Colin, thank you very much for coming on the podcast. Thank you for having me. It's great to be here. >> But you built something incredible and also crazy at the same time. >> Definitely. >> Because when people want to start businesses, >> you know, e-commerce, get in the property game. >> Why private jets? >> Private jets are it's a very sexy industry. Um, and I think that you're dealing with a very special echelon customer. Um, you know, ever since I was a kid, I always wanted to be an airline pilot. Took my first flight lesson when I was 12 years old at Cameron Airport, like 20 minutes away from here. and you know got my different ratings, got my private pilot license, got my instrument rating, went to school to go be an airline pilot when CO happened. So I was like in flight school and I'm like well hold on nobody's hiring pilots you know during co I remember opening up my app the flight radar 24 like airplane tracking app. >> Yep. Yep. Yep. I use that all the time. You never see a plane go over. >> Exactly. And I and I opened it up and I looked and this was during co and I was like oh my god there's like no airplanes fine but it was all private jets and I was like well private jet industry has got to be up three four five 600%. Um and it was I mean during co 19 the people that could afford to fly private that didn't want to fly commercially were flocking to private aviation and you know being a kid growing up here in LA getting my pilot license at Vanise airport which is the busiest general aviation in the world all the private jets primarily land of Vanise um I I person email James Middleton III reaching out to all of our competitors and realizing that a lot of the people that were in the private jet space you know at this time during co on the brokerage side candidly didn't know what the hell they were talking about people weren't pilots they didn't go aviation school. They they were just saying things that were just wrong. >> And for me being, you know, you know, younger, I was 19 at this point. This is 5 years ago. Um I was like, God, you know, I always thought private jets was this great, you know, great glamorous thing, but seeing these terrible companies in the industry, it kind of made me angry. So, I blame all of our competitors for forcing us to start. >> You just said something right there that I had no idea. But you was 19 5 years ago. >> I'm 24. How well you manage your expenses can be the difference between growing your business and stagnating. Staying on top of your business receipts, cards, accountants, and spreadsheets can all be a massive drain on time and energy. Now you can integrate all of these components in one place with Revolute Business and their comprehensive app, which will enable you to manage your spending, resources, and financial workflow a lot better. You can automate typically manual work with custom APIs and connect your other money management tools. The platform even supports integration of accounting apps like Zero and QuickBooks. So you don't need to worry about the little margins of error that can trip you up on a monthly basis and instead can be free to focus on what really matters in your business. And here's the best part. Revolute Business have given CEO Cast listeners and viewers the opportunity to earn £200 cash. All you need to do is sign up by scanning the QR code on screen or through the link in the description and add money into your account by the end of March. Look, with the business world increasing automation every single day, don't fall behind by letting the same old manual workflow hold you back. Signing up to Revolute Business is easy, fast, and simple, and it will help level up your financial operations. >> Yes, >> you're 24 now. >> that is insane. Okay, so I'm going to get into all of it. Just as a starter, at 24 years old, how does it feel running operation of this size? >> Oh, it's it's it's a lot of fun. I think there's a lot of learning that comes with it. I mean, and now, you know, at this point, we're in this, you know, new 10,000t office. We have 26 employees. We're pretty well diversified from aviation to technology, media, and all the other fun stuff that we do. But I think it's a it's a great responsibility, but we have a great team, so makes it easy. >> Talk to me about your background and upbringing. You said you was always brought up in LA, right? >> Yeah. >> So, talk to me about you. Let's go back to Colin as a kid. >> Colin as a kid. Great. Um, so I was born and raised here in in LA, more specifically this uh small town up the street kind of called More Park. And you know, ever since then, always wanted to be a pilot. Ever since I was a kid, you know, we used to travel a lot. Um, and always be at the airport. I always ask the pilots for like the little wings and the little like airplane kind of models and stuff like that. Um, so aviation was always a part of my life. Um, and as I, you know, got older, started taking flying lessons when I was 12 years old. Um, because there's no age limit to take flying lessons. As long as you have an instructor, you can fly. >> I think in, uh, in the UK, I believe it's like 18 or something like that. >> Yeah, it's a little bit different over there. I know like Europe is very, I don't want to say anti-general aviation airport, but like here, we could all rent an airplane and just go fly and sightsee. You can't really do that in Europe. um it's more like training programs and stuff like that. Um so I was always in love with aviation, you know, went to school for it. Um now throughout high school, I went to a public school in a very wealthy area here and I was always surrounded by these rich kids. So all these kids would get brand new BMWs and Mercedes from their parents. It always made me angry. Um because obviously I wanted a BMW in high school. So I remember, you know, asking my parents like, "Hey, like you know, hey mom, um I love a BMW. Like can I get one?" She's like, "Absolutely." She's like, "If you buy it yourself, you can do whatever you want." And I was like, "Got it." Right. So, I started a online Shopify drop shipping business. >> Oh, okay. So, you did go into the ecom game >> 100%. I was really big in ecom because ecom is great. I mean, you didn't really need a lot of capital to start. Um, you know, kind of low overhead and I don't want to say low risk, but you're not spending a million bucks on a 10,000Q product, right? >> So, Shopify drop shipping was great. So, I remember doing research and I was like, "All right, well, what's a product that will sell for high in the States, low cost, and ideally can use like Chinese e- packet through AliExpress?" And it was bikinis because bikinis were really cheap, light, could ship efficiently. Once they made it to the states, they'd be shipping through USPS first class. Um, and it was like four or five bucks a set. And you know, you had these like brands like Frankie's bikinis and stuff like that that were charging $100, $200 per piece. I think it was great. So I started bikini brand in high school called Colin Bryce Bikinis. And it was a full drop shipping store. But what I did was I literally found everyone that was popular at all the local high schools and sent everyone a free bikini and said, "Hey, please just post about our brand and tag us and, you know, give a here's a 50% off, you know, code." I was charging like 80 bucks a set. So, I could totally easily give, you know, 50% off itself a good margin. Um, and that's how I bought my BMW in high school because I gified it. So, had the bikini company. Um, my girlfriend, who were still together seven years later, um, wasn't really thrilled that I owned a bikini company in in in high school. So, kind of stopped that and then used that energy into Amazon FBA. Okay. So, I did the same thing with car parts and I was drop shipping through Amazon, which was kind of against Amazon's terms of service, but it was great. Car parts were good. I mean, you had the car community like the like I don't even know if it was a real carbon, but like um carbon fiber spoilers, front lifts, gear caps, and stuff like that for the BMWs. >> Um that did really well. And then I went to college to go be a pilot and then co happened. So, I channeled the ecom energy into aviation which kind of got us here today. who gave you the knowledge when you was younger to build something like a ecom store? >> I that's one thing I've always wanted like a mentor and I feel like there was not really a lot of opportunities I feel like for kids to have that. So for me it was just Instagram, YouTube. Um I never bought a course, never sold a course. Um but you know just honestly like learning as much as I could through social media and honestly just trying it. I think you learn the most when you try and fail and learning out what works. It's like learning that a couple of the companies that I was buying stuff from China were lying and saying that it was US warehouse and it wasn't. And on Amazon, you had really strict delivery timelines. So, I remember you had to deliver between like, let's say, like July 1st through July 15th. It would arrive late into August because it was on, you know, the old Chinese like cargo ship kind of shipping forever. So, that didn't work. So, I learned that and throughout that process, you learn how to do better diligence on your products, how to source better. Um, and then, you know, when I did Shopify drop shipping, I never did what I feel like most people do today of like setting Facebook ads, Google ads, and stuff like that, it was purely organic. So, I literally just created an Instagram and just ran this ambassador program where I was like, "Well, listen, if I DM'd a hundred people and said, "Hey, here's a discount code for 50% off." Maybe three or four people would buy, make 100 bucks a day. Great. If I did that every single day, now I have a business. >> So, it was purely organic. And that's how, you know, fast forward to today in Amalfi. Um, I mean, we're, you know, 99% of our business is inbound to us. And we still, you know, this year we'll do just under hundred million dollars in revenue. We don't spend a dollar on paid advertising because the power of organic is so valuable, especially through our social media, that I think if you're really creative with that. And I think if you channel that like startup energy of understanding the value of the dollar, you can grow a lot quicker. >> How successful were you with the ecom stuff? >> Pretty good. The the bikini store at its peak was probably doing like 8 to 12,000 gross a month. Um, Amazon FBA did a lot better, like 3540,000 a month. And this was like the, you know, senior year in high school, freshman year in college. Amazon's better though in my opinion because Amazon already has the traffic. So, if you can track the sales rank number, you can have that guaranteed kind of sales. >> Whereas with Shopify, you can hemorrhage a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money spending all this money on ads. If the ads don't convert or if it's a really crowded market, you're going to hemorrhage cash like crazy. >> Of course. Yeah. 100%. >> Yeah. Before we go straight into Amalfi Jets, I just want to ask if you had continued with e-commerce, where do you think you'd be today? >> If I had really locked in, I think on the bikini store and the car part store, I think those would be easily doing well over, you know, probably $2 million a year. Um, and I think that is a great business. I still think there's a lot of opportunity for that. But for me, my passion is aviation. And I think when you're passionate about something, it really kind of keeps you going. Like, I mean, I wasn't, you know, I'm not a big swimwear guy. I wasn't really passionate about bikini. I was passionate about the money I was making. And money is a good driver, but in my opinion, money will only get you so far. Like I don't want to say tie your goals to materialistic things. You want to tie them to kind of that person that you become. And I think when it comes to aviation, what we're doing with the Maui through our social media, we've kind of created this movement of like forcing brands to be authentic on social media, to get on social media. >> Um later this month we're launching our big campaign. I'm very excited. And it's we're declaring war on dinosaurs because our industry, there's a lot of really conservative, really traditionalist, old companies that do the same thing every single year. They're dinosaurs and they look at our content as unprofessional, ridiculous. But I think that's what moves things forward. And I think that we've kind of created this social media movement across all industries of the power of social media is so important that if I'm a plumbing company, I'm not going to make your, you know, silly Instagram feed post that says we're the best plumbers. No one cares on social media. They're going to want to see the craziness of the plumbing industry to kind of separate yourself. So, it's funny. I mean, there's some competitors of ours that get on social media and hire these fancy agencies to make these gorgeous really well, you know, kind of shot videos of private jets. Nobody cares on TikTok. You you want to be different. And I think if you're different enough and you're louder than everybody, that's what gets you to grow. >> That's what works. Yeah. >> Well, coming straight into Omi, then you had a passion for aviation. So you understood back in that private jets are flying out. You know commercial airlines are just stood at airports. >> Mhm. >> So what made you actually want to start a company as opposed to saying you know I'm going to fulfill my passion of being a pilot and I'll be a pilot on these private jets. >> Yeah, I think that's a good question. I mean I love aviation. The great thing is like pilot license never expire. I mean you got to kind of maintain currency. So I still get the chance to fly every now and then. Um obviously a little bit different than you know being on the right seat of like a Gulfream or something. Um, but for me, I love business and I think throughout college, like, you know, being in Ember Riddle in Daytona Beach, which is like the number one aviation school, flying there, taking a couple of their acquired business classes, I fell more in love with like the challenge of business. And for me, I think business is a big game. Um, and it's literally a big game of like, you know, you're up against these competitors, you want to win, how can you grow? And I think with being a pilot, I mean, if you look at like it on an economical perspective, when you get a job at an airline, I mean, you have great job security. I mean, as long as you don't like go blind, you're, you know, pretty much set at that company for the next 20, 30 years. And for me, going into the right seat of a cockpit saying, "All right, I'm going to be here for literally till the day I retire." And I know the maximum that I will ever make is this amount. >> Well, I don't like going to ask, what is that amount? Being a CEO is about being your very best in business. But one part everyone always forgets about is being the very best with their health, too. Because at the end of the day, health is wealth. That's why I'm proud to announce the official partnership with Suna Supplements, the world's first halal supplement brand. because we want to make sure all the viewers and listeners of CEO cast achieve the best health possible. So, as you can see, their products range from halal collagen to electrolytes, probiotics, creatine, covering every single angle of health. The products that are created to fit your lifestyle, your values, and your ambitions. The type of products designed to help you become the very best version of yourself. Not only that, but every single sale they make, they donate a portion of it to charity, which is something I deeply align with, and I'm sure you do as well. So, whether you're from the UK or the US, be sure to join us today in becoming the best version of yourself. Simply use code CEO cost for 10% off your order at sununduplements.com or scan the QR code on the screen right now. So, thank you to Suna Supplements for being proud partners of CEO and intended to improve our lives one product at a time. So, click the link in the bio and join the movement today. >> Yeah, I mean it depends on the airline. Um, I know it kind of fluctuates a lot, but usually commercial airline pilots you're making anywhere from like 300 all the way up to like 500,000. Um, private jets are a little bit less than that, but there's still a big kind of room for growth in the private jet space. So you're still starting out at like 100 150,000. But for me looking at that, I was like, I don't want to be capped. Like I want to make a billion dollars, right? And I think that if you have that goal, and I I mean tightness back to me, like I think your goal for every person in your 20s is to try your hardest for literally everything. I think when you have kids and you have bigger responsibilities, yeah, you should start settling down. Don't risk the farm to be a billionaire. But I think your goal is to get everything. So for me, I fell in love with that challenge, that growth. And I think candidly I think learning about the aviation space during co and me I feel like most people think private jets. You think of red carpet, champagne, caviar. So for me hearing these terrible companies in the industry that were just saying these things that were not true. I was like almost offended at like listen I thought aviation was this beautiful thing. This is so disgraceful and inelegant. There's got to be a better way. And I think that's what being an entrepreneur is. I mean it's a kind of a cocky thing. you're essentially looking at the entire industry and saying, "I see how everyone's doing it. I think I could do it better." So, that really encouraged me to kind of get going. >> Being in your 20s, where do you think that fire in your belly and that motivation comes from? Or do you get inspired from things around you such as your parents? >> Yeah, I mean, I think you like my my dad's an entrepreneur. He has his company. He's in like the computer programming space. My mom's an attorney, so she kind of, you know, will always provide her legal thoughts on anything that we're doing. Um, but honestly, I think it needs to come from within you. I mean, for me, I've had this conversation many times, and I think it changes. Like, I feel like your why when you start a company, you know, varies over time. For example, when I started this company, I was 19 at literally at my college dorm at Ember Riddle. And my goal there was to make enough money to literally afford the like $100 Spirit Airlines flight from Orlando to LA so I can come back and see my girlfriend because we've been dating since high school. >> And, you know, that was the original goal. Then that shifted into all right we hired employees the company started to grow and I was like all right well now we have six people whose sole livelihood depends on me that's a responsibility I don't take lightly then it's all right well now we have 25 26 people that's a really big responsibility if we don't sell everybody loses their job that's you know that's unacceptable >> and then I think as we've changed the industry in pro in kind of providing this better experience for having our aggressive social media for some of the technology that we're building that why for me is really shifted and I think that keeps me kind of driven in terms of I see the change that we're making in the industry. All of our competitors now are on social media, nowhere near as good as us, but they're on it. And I think that's forcing people to be authentic. Um, on the technology that we're building, there's good tech in this industry, but we built our own tech to literally streamline how our whole flight operations and sales processes run. We're going to license that to the industry later, and that's going to make these companies more efficient. >> Um, obviously, we built it first, so we're still going to win. Um, but that drives me. And I think on the aviation side, I always thought aviation was this glorious, glamorous thinging and flying private was this crazy experience. When you fly with the Maui, it is. It is an unparalleled flying experience. No one else can replicate that. So that keeps me going. And then I think when you see the people that come to work every day that are also excited about that mission, it's really exciting. >> Yeah. I mean, so far from the people I've met here, you know, everyone's got a smile on their face. Everyone's happy to be here. You could see that from the get-go. So >> glad to hear that. >> Credit credit for what you've built. But let's go to the beginning days of Omari, right? because I'm sure it wasn't as simple as finding a private jet, finding a client, boom, there's the business. >> Oh, no, no, no. Um, the So, within I guess so, we're private jet charter brokerage, right? So, you have the people that buy and sell jets and then you have us that are kind of brokering the charter then. So, let's say that you and I went havsies on a Gulfream G650. Right now, you can pick those up used for about $40 million. >> So, let's say we park it at London Luton Airport and never fly it. Okay. Okay. Well, it's going to cost us about probably $250,000 a year just to park it there, right? And do we want it outside or in a hanger? Probably in a hanger because it's a $40 million airplane. That's more expensive. Then we have insurance on the airplane, the two engines and the APU. So that's probably another $150,000 bucks right there. >> Then we have the navigation updates to update the GPS and so forth. So you take up all these fixed costs, usually about 500 to $600,000. Then you need to pay for pilots, right, in full part 91. >> Um, so that's one way to fly private. But the way that we work is there's a lot of people that can afford that. Jeff Bezos owns five or six different airplanes. He's like the what second or third richest man in the world. He can afford it, right? And he's good taste in jets. So for the vast majority of people that do own jets but don't want to be paying these fixed costs, they essentially lend these airplanes to a management company. So a part 135 operator, think of it like a private jet airline. And this is universal in the states, you know, Europe and so forth. And these management companies hire their own pilots. So the management companies cruise the airplane, does the flight attendants, some of them will do maintenance through, you know, like a part 145 repair station. But then they make these airplanes available for charter. So if you call me and say, "Hey, I need a jet from Van Eis back to London. We're like utilizing our software that we built to search the network. We track the airplanes so we know where they are. Which airplanes need to get back there. How can we position them and get you the best price >> and then you book with us, we book with them, we make that kind of margin in between." >> My friend literally said that he saw a screen down the hallway that's got a map of where all the jets are that you know, which is quite sick. >> Yeah. We track everything and that's proprietary to us. So we built our own tech because like again I think that this industry is run and this industry is what a 20 30 year old industry. You have companies that really invented private jets. You have very well capitalized well resourced companies but candidly they're started by 50 60 70 year old people that have a lot of great experience but they're candidly stuck in their ways. Oh well this is the way it's always been done. This is the way the industry has always been done. That is a death sentence in my opinion to the long-term growth of a company. So when we came in the, you know, when we came in the space, we looked at it and there was a lot of tech that wasn't built. I was like, look, there's a better way to do this. Now, I don't want us to be known and we definitely are not going to be the company that's coming in throwing in a little bit of AI to automate it. Aviation, you can't fully automate aviation, right? A pilot wakes up and is feeling sick. There's no AI to detect that, right? And airplanes are, you know, airplanes have like what, pressurized metal tubes flying at 41,000 feet that have 150,000 parts all need to work perfectly the exact same time every single time. >> Course. So you're never going to really automate that. But we built our tech to streamline a lot of that process that kind of allows us to grow. So that's kind of how our company works, you know, I guess generally in the space. Um, but when we look at like our growth mindset and kind of how we are growing in that side, it's how can we build better tech, how can we streamline it and how can we keep our cost low to remain competitive against most of our competitors. >> Going back to what you said right there previously, right? You said someone like Jeff Bezos has like five, six jets. Yep. Even the wealthy folks when they have jets, you know, the more efficient thing to do would be to charter out. >> Would you say that in your experience from wealthy people that you've met, not clients, but you know, the people who own the jets? >> Is still not unfeasible, but it's always a wiser decision to chart the charter the jet when you're not using it. >> It it really depends. I mean, is it wiser to charge the jet? I mean, on a on a fiscal perspective, yes. But it's also a catch 22. For example, if I want to really like you're you're never and companies have tried this and failed every single day of you're never going to buy a jet, charter it out, and be able to fly for free. >> Maybe with certain airplanes that are new and have a really low direct operating cost, but it's kind of this, I guess, like fallacy that people try to do that. But it's a catch 22. On the money side, yes, you could lower your costs, but as you lower your cost, your airplane's chartered out more. So, there's more wear and tear on the airplane. You have people that you don't know inside the airplane. Some airplanes seat up to 16 people, but the owners don't let that airplane to fly with more than five people. >> Cuz if you have 16 people on the airplane, you're sitting on stuff, you're bumping things. I mean, these interiors are nice. Most airplanes ban red wine, which is a shame cuz I'm a big Italian red wine guy. Some drop that on the floor. >> 100%. Yeah. Literally, you have to replace the entire carpet. Bucks right there. >> Some airplanes ban kids because you don't want them growing crayons and things like that. Um, but for someone like Jeff Bezos, he can't afford it. Why would you want people inside his aircraft hurting it? So for the vast majority of the people that do a full like part 91 operation, so they own the airplane, they have their own pilots, they never charter it out, um it really just doesn't make sense. If you can afford it, the cost savings don't outweigh the depreciation and the wear and tear on the plane. >> Yeah. It's crazy when you say that right there because I've seen I know you're familiar and probably friends with Steve Rousano down in London. Yeah. and his content when he's showing how much things are to move around on a pirate jet or even uh revamp it. I'm just like so just to move this sofa from here to here is 250,000. >> Well, because you need to think about the configuration and the certification on the airplane ensuring that it's locked down correctly. And that's why like we had a client was it was funny. I love telling the story because it's just so crazy. We had a client like people bring dogs in the airplanes. Dogs poop on jets. Pretty standard. This this client's kid pooped on the couch, but the poop like destroyed the couch. you're looking at now reapholstering this entire couch. So yes, you have the costs on that, but you also have other costs. Well, now we're pulling this airplane out of service for 3 or 4 weeks. What about the lost revenue on that airplane? Now the owner can't use his plane for those three weeks. Now you need to think about the charter. You he now needs to charter. So there's a lot of factors. That's the thing of like aviation like >> there's a potential to do very well and to make a lot of money, but av everything is so expensive. one wrong step, one spill and you know you're losing your pants in terms of a money perspective. >> What happens in that situation? Let's just take me for example, right? I fly from the airport here to London. On that flight, you know, I make a silly mistake of dropping something on the floor >> or messing something up. Yeah. Not putting myself on the cell phone. Yeah. >> But what happens in that situation? Obviously the clients or not the client, but the owner is going to have a big bill. Who how who pays? How does it work? So, when you charter an airplane, you're responsible for that airplane under your charter. Meaning, if I charter an airplane and let's say red wine is allowed and I spill the entire bottle of red wine. It's happened one time, like knocked it over, just kept going. >> Um, in that situation, by the grace of God, it was a black carpet, so locked out. And the aircraft owner was fine, but it was like a I think it was a 56 7,000 cleaning fee to fully get professional cleaners to take it out. Um, but you'd be responsible for that bill. You made that spill. That's right there. Which is why when you're on the private jets, it's funny, like most larger aircraft, you always have a cabin attendant. And a lot of people like, "Oh, wow. She's there for my comfort." Yes, she's there for your comfort, but they're mostly there to protect the airplane from the passenger. >> So if a passenger sitting like on the side of the seat, hey, sorry, please don't sit there because you sit that you break the seat. It's a $200,000 seat, right? >> Um so yeah, you'd be you'd be eating that bill. >> So just to put this in an example, let's just say for sake that I wanted to go get a private jet from here to London. How much does that cost roughly? about 150,000 on like a global 6,000. Okay. >> And you can fly non-stop from Van I instead of having to drive all the way to LAX from our office. Van I is like 12 minutes away. Y you'll fly non-stop to London Luton Farn Clear Customs at like Herods and then get in one of our car service directly to the city. >> So do you think people should be aware of that if whatever the cost may be of the private jet they should also have cost in mind and also set in the bank just in case anything goes wrong on their side? >> Yeah, I mean anytime someone books a a jet with us, obviously jets are always prepaid. you're very rarely for only like corporate customers do we offer like net 30 net 60 payments. Um that and you always have a credit card and file. So if if there's a cleaning fee, you'll be getting build. I will say 99% of the time clients are respectful of the airplane. You know, I don't know, let's say I you know spill this water, it's not going to cause any issues. You you know, a piece of food falls off your thing. Usually you can wipe it up. You don't need some $2,000 cleaning fee. >> I'd say every single month we maybe charge, at least for us, five cleaning fees. um not very much. You know, when we're doing hundreds of flights a month, it's not that common. But when it happens, it can be very, very bad. >> I think the worst situation that we saw was on certain airports, you can have cars that drive up to the airplane. So, you get off the jet, your car's right there. Um this person was driving their car up next to the airplane and they clipped the wing tip of the airplane. That was very expensive. Now, you're getting the airplane's insurance involved, the FBO's insurance, their car insurance. That was a very expensive mistake. um ended up working out well pretty amicably but tried very careful around these 30 40 million >> honestly that's insane that's insane but coming right back to it then your first client and the jet how did you find the jet how did you find the customer >> yeah so our very first customer was six months in I mean again like I go back to what is business well business is a website and email so boom godaddy.com email boom now I'm a company um now we need a customer well I remember you know again didn't want to run ads We didn't want to, you know, kind of, you know, pay any of these like advertising things. So, I was like, "All right, well, who's rich? I don't know. Lawyers are rich." And the cool thing is if you Google, like I remember googling Los Angeles attorney. Most attorney websites have their emails, like their individual emails on their website, so you can contact them. And I was like, great, it's a free client list. So, literally would go to Starbucks and I was like, all right, I'm not going to leave the Starbucks until I send a thousand emails. Because my thing was I was like, "All right, statistically, if I sent a thousand emails a day in a couple months, it'd be like pretty much freaking statistically impossible that I wouldn't get one customer." So, I literally emailed every single Los Angeles attorney, personal injury attorney attorneys, M&A attorneys, corporate, literally everyone on their mother. >> And eventually, someone responded and they're like, "Hi, yeah, I need a trip. Thanks for reaching out. I usually fly with, you know, XYZ jets. Love to try you guys out." Great. Um there's a couple like kind of industry softwares that we had a lot you know um we first started before we built our own that you could use to kind of search. So you would essentially like search the marketplace for aircraft these people the operators would essentially bid for the trip we would add on the cost of our services send it over to the client client books with us. So our very first customer was yeah like six months in got him was a great guy had a great flight thank god and that's when we got our next customer because he told his friend because the person that flew on the airplane with him also rich and that's the cool thing about private jets is like >> the echelon of customer that you're dealing with >> high net worth people tend to know other high net worth >> so when they have a good experience word of mouth is so so strong for us which is why it's really important to have a good reputation have really strong brand equity so our second customer literally came From that then we started getting into like different travel packages because the big problem that we had in the beginning is like you know when Amalfi first started we're up against you know like these big well you know capitalized companies >> as you said the dinosaurs. >> Yeah but no one's heard of a Malfi. So I remember speaking my business partner Calvin and I was like listen like who is a big brand that you trust and we were laughing and I was like well the the Ritz Carlton that's like the premiere and I was like great we need to partner with the Ritz Carlton. So, we reached out to one in LA because we had a lot of clients that were flying to LA in the beginning. And I was like, "Hey, listen. We have a lot of clients that are flying in LA. Can we just recommend your hotels, our preferred hotel, you know, you know, we'll even cover some of the nights for our clients, but do you mind if we use your logo and say that we're partnering with you?" And they're like, "Yeah, of course." And I was like, great. So, now we're not just a Maui Jets. Now, we're Mauy Jets partnered by the Ritz Carlton. Boosted credibility. That got us a lot more customers as well. And then we started booking them at you know different properties and kind of building our different travel packages from them because at the end of the day like people recognize like you know like nice brands for example I love Fiji water. Fiji water is on like 99% of private jets. So when you see the Fiji water you associated with that. When you see these nice brands you associate it. So us being next to the Ritz Carlton logo really gave us that first boost of credibility. And then over time you just kind of grow exponentially because the thing is like with private jets it's not like buying like a couch or a table. Don't buy it kind of oneoff. If you fly private, you fly private often. So the recurring business every single month, at least for us, 65 70% of our business every single month is people that have already flown with us. Because if you fly private, you you travel all the time. We have some clients that fly private with us literally once every single week. And that's a big responsibility, but it's great because once you get these customers, keeping them is really really important. Retention is really important. And from there, you can grow pretty quickly. >> At what point, you just said you had a client there that flies once a week. At what point do you just say to the or you you may not necessarily say to a client, but at what point do you think you should just get your own jet? >> Usually, if you're flying over 300 hours a year, it makes sense to buy an airplane and that's when I'd call Steve up and say, "Hey, I got to go climb for you." >> Um, >> has that happened before? Has it? >> Uh, not with Steve specifically. My old college roommate from Ember Riddle is also an aircraft broker. So, I send him some business every now and then. Um, but honestly, like most of the people that that fly with us, >> it's under the 300 hours. You have some people that are up there, but also some people just don't want to deal with the headache. Like owning an aircraft is kind of like a yacht, right? You know, the initial acquisition cost isn't really the most expensive part is maintaining that airplane, >> of course. >> Um, and a lot of people just don't want to deal with that. You know, it's easier to just rent it when you need it because like let's say that, you know, we fly to London for a meeting and then now we need to get into New York and maybe let's say we fly commercial to New York. All right. Well, if I want to use my airplane now, I need to fly my airplane empty from London there. As well as, you know, airplanes break. So, god forbid I buy an airplane and then the pilot has a hard landing and now we hurt the landing gear. It's a $250,000 landing gear assembly. So, it's kind of just this like endless money pit. So, people kind of stay chartered with us, which is nice. >> What do you think is the biggest challenge you had when you first started? >> I think the biggest challenge in growing a business for anyone is your scalability. I think as you grow a business, like I think the the the thing that separates businesses that are going to be hundred million dollar, $23 million business versus someone that's going to be stuck at that two to three million point is is the way that you're currently doing something set up for scale. And if it's not, you will always be a small company because everything that we do, it's all right, this works now. Yeah. But in a year from now, if we hire 100 more people, is this going to work? No. So, we're constantly building like we have a big binder of our standard operating procedures of here's how our company works. The way that we, you know, craft our social media content, all right, is this set up for scale. Do we have enough editors, enough filming, enough cameras to be able to bang out this content? Um, are we going to keep doing the same thing for the next 10 years? No, we got to pivot the strategy. We got to get into some new content formats. We need to relaunch my podcast that I had a while ago, right? Um, and I think with that and if you channel that into the business, there's a lot of value there in always reviewing every single day what you're doing for scale. >> What did you do? So, to set up a scale in your case, I know you mentioned tech. >> Now, I don't know how much you can can get into this if you do want to get into it, but >> you know, on this uh US trip I've done, I've had maybe three, four guys, entrepreneurs within the software space, right? And tech. >> So, tech and software has always fascinated me. So I kind of want on a I kind of want to understand what it is you've built to help structure your whole business. >> Yeah, it's a it's a great question. So there's like for for starters on the tech side and I think setting up business for scale, it's always easier to scale technology than it is like your typical service based business. Um and it's great. We have software engineers that work in office. Like separately from that, I'm the biggest anti- remote work person ever. I think if you want to build a good business quickly, you can't do remote. We have a nice office. Everyone works here every single day. It's great. I want to have a meeting. I walk 3 ft. Um, on our tech side, we were realizing that there's this one piece of software that most companies or industry utilize and it's their quoting system and physically like generating the kind of proposals, which pissed me off because if you reached out to um, you know, back then when we used to use it, we used it for like maybe a couple months. If you reached out to us and three or four other companies, you would get the exact same quote from everyone on the same planes because everyone's using the same aircraft network. Literally the only difference is how much these people are charging and their little logo in the corner. >> And for me I was like this is such a cheap experience. So we built our own system but the problem that we're having is the current system you have to >> like email over the quote and you need to then to prepare a docu sign envelope and send it over. So we built our own system that when you you know when we quote we're tracking the airplanes we're seeing their forward schedules for the next seven days. We're seeing what kind of positioning would make the most sense. We're getting the best pricing. We're trying to kind of we have this algorithm of what our competitors charge so we know roughly where we land. It puts together our own branded PDF quote that we track data on. So I know if you viewed it, I know if you forwarded it over, we get good insight there. And then when you book it, it's built directly on Docu Sign. So it creates the signing process better. And then that data is sent over to our flight ops team and is fully putting together their entire process. So that entire thing maybe takes a minute or two. That would take our competitor probably about 25 to 30 minutes. meaning at any given day we can send you know two three four 500% more quotes than them and the great thing is through social media we're getting higher inbounds so we and this kind of problem and I guess our big tech push started when we started going viral on social media >> we had like four and a half million followers at a peak we were doing essentially um was like every 90 days just under a billion impressions which is crazy like your traditional Google ads you need to spend millions of dollars to get that kind of engagement >> and literally that one day when we first you know kind of went viral and we started growing from there. We would literally have 3 400,000 people on the website every single day, which would lead to literally 10,000 flight requests and it would all filter into our system. The sales team was bogged down trying to handle it. And with the current system of how we were quoting, I was like, "Oh my gosh, we're going to lose deals because we just can't get back to them fast." >> So, we built this system to automate that process to be more efficient and then to ensure that all of our touch points are managed. So, we're keeping track of our customer data and being able to engage with them. So that tech has allowed us to grow a lot faster and get better data than a lot of our competitors cuz we track everything. Meaning every single deal that's closed, we know what platform they came from, whether it's Tik Tok, Instagram, YouTube, we know how many times they viewed our website and we can literally you can replicate these customer journeys. So at scale you can make better decisions. >> You know, one thing I think everyone can learn from you is, you know, keeping the customer retention going. Yeah. >> So, how do you actually make sure that someone when they've go on their private jet or when they book with you, they're getting the best experience possible to constantly keep booking with you? >> That's a that's a great question because I think on social media we're sharing our experience and the experience is what the flight operations team does. Um, I think it's first it's really understanding the kind of aircraft system. So, for example, roughly there's about 26 27,000 airplanes that are available for charter. Of that 26,000 airplanes, only about 3,500 of his airplanes actually meet our safety standards. So, we're very strict on safety. You know, I'm a pilot. We built in our whole safety management system that no other brokers have one as robust as us. So, we're tracking how many hours their pilots have, how many hours in type, how long they've been working at the company. If someone's been working at a company for a day, they're not as ingrained with the system as someone that's worked there for two or three years. >> Makes sense. >> Um, we're tracking aircraft quality. So, let's say there's an airplane that has had red wine spilled 100 times on the carpet. All right. Well, that doesn't meet our quality standards anymore. So, we have this standard level of safety and quality across the board that's now built into our software. >> And with that, that allows us to provide that consistent level of service. Now, we have very clear SOPs on every single communication. So, every email you get, every text, every phone call you get from the flight ops team is part of our system. So, if you fly with us, if they fly with us, everyone's getting that same level of experience. Um, and then we have our CISO team, our customer experience and success associates that after every single flight, even if it's a great flight, even if you had a terrible experience, we're calling you, "Hi, how's your experience? What worked well? What didn't?" And we keep track of this data. And that's how we've been building our tech of less on like I feel like most companies fall into this trap of, you know, leadership. The CEO will say, "Hey, this is the tech I want to build." But you don't actually listen to your customers. Well, we just ask every single customer. I mean, from the 500 flights that we'll do this month, if I asked every single customer, "What is one thing that we could do to improve your process?" I'd imagine that we have a general trend that then I can walk into the tech room and say, "Hi, build this in two weeks. Thanks." Boom. No one else can work that fast. And I think a lot of people forget just to listen to their customers. Um, it's as simple as literally every single person that buys from your company, whether you're in any single industry, email them, hi, how was your experience with us? How was your sales rep? Was he friendly? Um, how did you feel about pricing? You know, I guess I'm curious. So, like you booked with us. Who else did you shop with? What kind of pricing did they give you? How was your postflight experience? How was the aircraft? Were the pilots friendly? Do the pilots have a bunch of, you know, food crumbs on them? Like, you know, let's really stay up to date with our with our process. And throughout these different surveys and the customer experience team, we've been able to kick out airplanes and pilots and operators from our network to ensure that we're maintaining these high levels of standards. Um, which again is hard to do, but at scale I'm thinking, all right, right now we have 26 people. What happens in a year or two when we have 50? Is the way that we're doing it going to work? and there's probably better ways that we can now build in like an in-app survey on the Amalfi app to get better insight there and that would now save us time to be able to focus on XYZ. So again, I always treat it like a big game of every single day. I think if you look at your business and every aspect of it and you're never satisfied with it. Um, you know, I guess not to get too deep, but I'm half Filipino. Um, and my mom is is a great mom, but you know, very firm like Asian kind of tiger mom. And I think that you know being you know growing up in that type of a household of always pushing yourself to do your best I think in a way has made me I don't want to say less satisfied with the team but I think if you look at everything that you do and always are kind of channeling this energy of this could be better this can be more efficient we can do better we can push ourselves that is how you will grow so much faster than we're perfect we're great we don't want to change anything that's how you become a dinosaur >> you know as you say stuff about their personal I don't know how much you want to go into it. But how do you even balance your personal life with work life >> at 24 years old, especially being young? >> I've watched so many podcasts where so many people have said so many interesting things on this topic of whether there is a work life balance. I I I disagree and again I think I'd have a very different opinion on some of the employees that work. >> What is it that you disagree with? >> I don't think that they need to be balanced. I think your work and your life kind of coincide in terms of every company I believe should have a mission greater than themselves. If our mission was to make millions of dollars, great, we can do that. That not really changing the world. That's not really good mission that you can get a bunch of people behind. >> Our mission now, we are genuinely changing the way that all of social media views businesses. Social media is this complete like alternative to your traditional marketing methods. I mean, we've reached literally billions of people and billions of impressions for for zero dollars. Obviously, we spend money on cameras and stuff like that. We don't, you know, still don't ever run ads or boost posts. And I think that that mission excites me and motivates the team to see what we're doing. People in the industry commenting on LinkedIn, you guys are the worst. This is so unprofessional. This is not the way the industry's always been done. That's my favorite hate comment I've ever gotten because I think it makes the point that if you're always doing the same thing, you will never grow. >> So that motivates me and that is kind of like my life's mission. So in the personal life, I mean, I here early, I leave late, but I believe in what we do. The hard thing is I think aviation is a very 247 industry. So, you know, flights happen at all hours. Someone can call us at 2 in the morning, say, "Hey, I missed my flight." Or, "Hey, I flew this XYZ company. I cheated on you guys and the airplane broke. I need a plane now, right? I love when that happens." Um, that industry is very 24/7. But if you believe in what you're doing, I think that work and life balance become your life's mission. And I think that's really, really important. What's the biggest struggle you've had? >> Not in business, personally. >> Yeah, I mean it's it's interesting like there's been so many times when Miy's almost run out of money. Um, you know, in the early days it's it's really hard to build a growing sustainable business that is at the level that we're at. Um, but I think there's a big responsibility or big responsibility with that of as we've hired more people, as we have more employees, it is my responsibility that we are cash flow positive, that we are growing, that we have enough money to pay all the bills and keep people paid and happy. Um, and that is not a responsibility that I take lightly. And I think that's really hard in a personal life to have that responsibility. But again, it goes back to the, you know, work life balance of if your life's mission is to do that, I think it will be fine. But I also think that a big thing is getting that emotional intelligence. Being 24, being a CEO, we have a lot of people that report directly to me. It's really hard. And I think there's not a lot of content that I've seen about that of how to navigate that. And candidly, like that's still something that I'm navigating every single day. But I would say that I've built up pretty good emotional intelligence in terms of you have to kind of you have to separate yourself from the team. And I think that's hard for a lot of people to do. Um, but you need to think bluntly on what is best for the company while also navigating what's best for the employees. And I think in order to do that, you have to have really good emotional intelligence and not get too emotional about things, which is not easy to do. Like I have like all of like maybe one or two friends, but it's kind of what you sign up for by being an entrepreneur. It's very, very lonely, but it's also very rewarding at the same time. >> Very very lonely. And it's what you sign up for as being an entrepreneur. Right. So, if we had to go and get into it, >> I spoke about this yesterday with someone on the podcast, right? We were talking about sacrifices. >> Everyone all sees the highlight reels. Everyone sees the social media. They can see what life is like. But if you had to explain some of the sacrifices you've had to make >> that the people don't even get to see. What would that be? >> Yeah. Um, it's probably my favorite question I've been asked on podcast there. Especially in the private aviation in in the aviation space, people see us flying private. You know, I have a Ferrari and a Lamborghini. see that. But behind the scenes, there is a lot that you don't see. And I think the biggest thing there is the the biggest thing that I've been able to put my finger on is the relationship that you have with people will be very different. The relationship that I have with my parents is very different. You know, building a business, focusing on that. A lot of people that aren't entrepreneurs will never understand the stress that you go through. Like I always have stress at all times. And living with that stress is hard. Like, you know, again, I I think about, you know, some of my friends that are pilots that, you know, went to school and are a pilot. They have a big responsibility. You're dealing with people's lives, but they have good job security. They have steady income. That's set. Being an entrepreneur, there's a lot of things that for any business can essentially make your business cease to exist. And if your entire fiscal aspect is built on that business and the, you know, the kind of fiscal aspects of 25 26 employees, it's a lot of stress to have at all times. So, I think my relationship has changed with people because I think it's it makes you harder to relate to people. Like, there's a lot of people I hang out with um again, I'm 24 that have literally just graduated college or getting their first jobs. We hang out with them and they're complaining because their job makes them work in the office 5 days a week. I just I can't relate to that. And it's really hard to have that space to communicate with other people. So, my biggest advice thing for entrepreneurs is you need to find other entrepreneurs that you can relate to. Like we're we've been privately building something like that like this kind of CEO group that is for CEOs only of certain revenue points that you literally everybody can have a conversation and be honest. Hey listen I have a terrible relationship with my girlfriend because I work all the time. That was a big struggle for me having a girlfriend trying to maintain that while literally working 24/7 being on a dinner date and being on your phone and working. People may look at that and be like oh that's you know you're being ridiculous. Don't work. But when you have a business you have to be working 24/7. So, I would say the the the biggest struggles is is is your relationships with people will be very different. It will be very lonely. Don't really have very many people that I hang out with that can understand or that you can relate to. And it's really hard because on the one hand, you want to talk about your business stress and your struggles, but you can't do that with your employees. That's inappropriate. If you don't have other like-minded founders, you're kind of left to yourself, figure it out on your own and just kind of make do with it. Um, but on the flip side, it's the risk versus rule. Like one of my biggest regrets is I started this um out of my college dorm. I never had fun in college. I never went to the parties. I never joined a frat. Never went to any of that stuff. Um, so it's like, yeah, I mean, I think that is a big part of my life that I missed out. But I mean, driving a Ferrari is pretty freaking nice, too. So, there's different trade-offs there that I think it's it's the sacrifices that you make. >> I'm I'm interested to know as you say all of that, you know, I it still shocks me that you're 24 years old. Do you can you even see yourself relating to the average 24 year old nowadays? Because all all people want to do nowadays is party, brain rock themselves on TikTok, whatever it may be. >> That's why I feel like maturity wise and mentally wise. >> You seem like 44 with the knowledge and the way you speak and the way you conduct yourself. >> Do you think you really >> I think that's something that's been learned selling to 40, 50y old people. Like no one wants to wire $100,000 to a 19-year-old when I first started. So, I think there's a lot of it faking it till you make it, kind of putting on I won't say like a facade, but putting on this mask when you're building this business. Um, it's hard and it's very hard for me to make friends and my girlfriend gets very upset. Now, she's an entrepreneur. She has her own company, which is why I think it's really allowed us to grow in our relationship because she's building her own marketing agency. And that's something that we can both relate to, which keeps us on that positive path. But it's hard for me to make friends because literally all of my friends that I've hang out with, it's at least for me the same cycle of I'll meet someone, they'll want to be friends, will hang out, will either ask me for a job, want me to invest in their business, or want to go out and get drunk, you know, on a Tuesday night, and I'm like, "Well, I need to be in the office at like 7:00 a.m., so not doing that." Um, and I think it's hard, but I think it also comes down to like finding and really kind of pushing yourself out of your comfort zone to meet new people. Like, you know, meeting you, you seem like someone I want to hang out with. And I think definitely meeting different entrepreneurs of a similar point, it's really important to have that that circle cuz you're going to need advice. >> Um, you're going to want to say, "Hey, we have a tax problem. How do I do that?" You're not going to pose that to my 24y old friend that's at the bar. He has no idea what the hell I'm talking about. Um, so I think it's really important to surround yourself with good people, but it's a lot easier said than done. >> 100%. You said a word there which I'm fascinated by and I want to break down even further. You said the word facade. >> Now, I'm not saying I'm not saying you have a facade. Yeah, >> but my question to you now is who is the real Colin Jones? >> That's a it's an interesting question. I think very few people know. But I mean again like I would say I am myself every single day. But I think the one thing that's hard, you know, you asked this earlier in the podcast. I'm 24. We have 25 26 employees that are here all ranging ages from, you know, their 20s up into their 40s and 50s. When we first started and I was 19, 20 started to grow. It's very hard to get respect and it's it's hard for people that are older to be working for >> being a younger entrepreneur, >> right? And I think a lot of people there's an instant stigma of oh you're a 19-year-old like why would I respect you? So I think there's a part of it you need to kind of fake it till you make it. You need to act you know older but also there's a responsibility of if I'm going to lead these 25 26 people it is my job that I know more than them that I'm always you know staying up to date with the industry and all of our different products and to be involved in different products. Um so I think that is is hard. I wouldn't say it's a facade, but there's been a lot of like the biggest issues that I think we've encountered, you know, as you know, the company's grown is how do you gain respect as a young person and and gain that credibility and respect of people on your team and I think your actions speak louder than words. So, being involved in the projects, ideulating some of the, you know, technology that we're building and the SOPs that you built and, you know, having a great, you know, profitable track record is is good. Um, but I think it's it's hard because also like like like some of the early struggles in the business is literally like being 19 20 21 hiring other people that were the same age. It's really easy to become friends with your employees. That's like my biggest piece of advice that I always say on every podcast. Never ever ever hire friends or family. It is the worst decision and it is just always horrible because if you get too close to people, it clouds your judgment and you cannot make very simple, you know, business decisions. There's too much emotion involved. Um, so that's hard. So I I I I wouldn't say a facade, but you need to be professional. And I think that how you portray yourself is how I want like the way that you and I are conversing right now. Everything I'm saying is, you know, kind of how I'd want p people to perceive a Malfi, not some young Tik Tok brand. Hey dude, >> what's going on, man? >> But like a much more wellestablished organization that we have this growth now. We're in the industry. We went from probably like, you know, number 60 in the space to one of the top 10 industry players. We have a responsibility now to act like we belong, but to use our platform to not just be a private jet broker. We're a global brand. We have a media arm. We have a technology arm. We have other fun stuff that we're building. And I think that that all kind of encapsulates into the main Amalfi global kind of brand. >> I want to go and dive deep into your social media side of things, right? Because and it also ties into you here as well because I want to know what you actually do in terms of your role in the business because I've seen I mean I've seen countless videos of McKenna calling you for a private jet. >> She's a great client, >> right? >> But if I had to assume those obviously all social media and they're great, but I'm assuming that's not actually your, you know, your day job. >> No, no, we we have a great we have a great marketing team that handles that. So Amalfi, we have our sales team, we have a flight ops team, we have our technology, we have our customer experience and success team, and then we have our flight ops team and then the executive team. So a lot of different departments. Everyone has their roles. In the beginning, I was the chief everything officer. I did all of our email marketing, all the social media, I did everything. >> I love that. Chief, >> literally. Yeah. And I think every CEO at some point has been a chief everything officer. And I think now my goal is to set the vision behind the company, our strategy. And I think learning about the tech, you know, meeting with our tech people, seeing the growth that we've had, that is something that I'm very passionate about. And I think technology is the future. Now, you're never going to see a multi jets change our username to AI and raise $100 million from some VC claiming to be an AI company. Never going to do that. But on the technology side, like we're, you know, my role is how is the company run now? In five years from now, if we hire a thousand people, what kind of tech will we need to build? >> Great. I want to build it tomorrow. On the marketing side, what is the mission that we're spreading with Amalfi? If we walked up to someone in the street and said, "Hi, describe a malf in three words." What would they say? And does our content reflect that? How are we utilizing our content to one get clients to share the mission of Amalfi and to inspire other people to do something similar? So, that's always going back to the core mission. So, still involved in like content approval and stuff like that, but it's more like the overall vision strategy. Um, I think if you build a good team that you trust, which is hard to do, like I think every CEO has micromanaged at some point, it's really hard to let other people handle it, but that's why you hire good people and set up good SOPs so things flow well. >> Um, so my dayto-day like today, like you know, in the beginning it was a big tech meeting. Then we were speaking about our marketing strategy, launching our declaring a war on dinosaurs uh promotion. Um, through the social media, I get involved in a lot of different like speaking engagements and stuff like that. So speaking to either entrepreneurs encouraging young people to start businesses um and then speaking to people in the industry on hey at Multijets we are not just a Tik Tok company we are a real brand this is what we've built and here's how we want to use our tech to move this industry forward like our tech we're going to be licensing to our competitors at the end uh of this year ideally and from that that will advance the industry into being more efficient for all customers whether you're flying with us or not. Yeah. >> Um so I love that. No two day is the same and I get to handle so many different things which is a lot of fun. Coming to your social media side of things, right? >> As you said there, you don't want to just be that Tik Tok brand. >> You said you get a whole lot of inbound from social media. How much of it is serious versus unserious? Cuz if I had to imagine it, >> you know, I can just imagine 15 year olds picking up the phone calling jets. >> That was that was the original problem we had. So in the past, if you would call the main Amalfi line, it would get evenly uh distributed to different people on the sales team. And the problem that we're having is as we started blowing up on social media, we, you know, got more engagement and stuff like that, the sales team would just complain and they would be like, "Hey, Colin. Um, I just had a 30-minute conversation with a 13-year-old pretending to be a rich person. Like, what the hell is going on?" And then we started to get 500 phone calls a day, a,000 phone calls a day. So, I think our peak was like 4,000 phone calls in one day. And I was like, "All right, we need to fix this." So, that's why we hired, you know, our receptionist. We actually have two receptionists. One works back there to handle all the phone calls. So, how can we do this intake process? How can we build a good SOP for that to qualify people and then send them off to the right people? And I think with social media, it's great to get the engagement, but social media is top of funnel. So the way I look at it, right, we have, you know, again, four and a half million followers on social media. We're talking, you know, every month 5, 6, 7, 800 million views right now. And if you look at that, great, we have this views. What do we want people to do next? Well, we want them to go to the website. Great. Well, is our website ready to receive this traffic? Uh the first day that we launched, you know, the big Tik Tok that went viral, I believe it was one of our calls with McKenna or, you know, some phone call with another client. Um that got 350,000 people on our website that it crashed the website because we didn't have enough bandwidth to deal with all the engagement. So we had to deal with that. So great, we have all this millions of, you know, of traffic. We want people to go to the website. Great. Then on the website, what do we want them to do? Well, is our website ready to receive in terms of do we have enough information to explain what we do and how we're different than our competitors? Great. Then what do we want them to do? Well, we want them to either download the Emuly Jets app on the app store or we want them to, you know, click the big button to request a flight and go book a flight with us. Great. So, they do that. Well, what kind of questions are we asking? Because to your point, a good majority of the people that fly private are high netw worth people. And through our social media, one thing that we track is our qualification rate. That's great. We don't want to waste, you know, we can get 20,000 forms, but if it's 20,000 13-y old kids that want to know how much private jet is, that just wastes everybody's time. So, we experiment. we ask more questions. All right, if I ask you three questions, first name, last name, email, we're going to get a lot of unqualified people. But now, if I ask you for your phone number, your email, your home address, and if you've flown privately before, now the qualification rate is increased because now I'm asking you for more information. So, we're actually creating friction to get better data. >> Then we change it. We call it social seating. So, we again record 99% of the craziness calls. Again, like 95% of our business is standard. Meaning, you book a jet, hi Colon, need a plane, great, it's $150,000, great money sent, thanks. No one really cares about that on social media. So, the things you see on social media are like the craziest requests. >> But if we start showing requests of people golfing, right? Well, now we're on golf talk and high net worth people golf. So, now the quality of the leads has increased. If we're posting content regarding big trending spots for us a lot of people fly to Aspen and Cabo right now we're getting on Aspen and Cabo talk which is getting this higher quality of people. >> So we track that and we really maintain and track our qualification rate because that allows us to understand how much business we're doing. Um and again it's a big game. All right. So if I send 300,000 people to the website let's say we have a 10% form conversion rate that's 30,000 forms of that 25% are qualified. That'll be XYZ. we're going to close 85 90% of that business. It's very easy to literally predict revenue. Um which is why the slogan of our technology company is the future is certain because with enough data the future is certain. >> So we are very very big about literally tracking everything because if you track the data when you're making decisions as a team you can literally just work backwards from those numbers and get better insight. >> You said was it this year or last year it was 100 million in revenue >> this year. >> This year 100 million in revenue. Last year was 13. >> Damn, that's a big increase. >> Yes, it is. >> Attributed to customer base growing, good social media content, us I think establishing a place in the industry and our technology that has made it easier for clients to book trips, for us to get better pricing and to pass those cost savings directly onto our customers. >> But the question is in five years time, what do you want the revenue to look like and what do you want your company to look like? In five years, we should be well over a billion dollar company. This industry is so large. There's a lot more people that fly private than I think a lot of people think. And I think there will always be a need to fly private. I I mean, it's it's almost comical if you look at some of the commercial flying experience. It it is such at least in the States, it is such a terrible experience. You have the TSA disaster. You have these delays. You have these cramped airplanes. >> Oh, you're telling me I've taken like 10 flights in the US so far. >> Horrible, right? And there will always be a need to travel more efficiently. But also like our customer base has shifted from people that need to travel on a timing perspective, which is still a big part of people. If you're flying a really big A-list celebrity, right, they're not going to be sitting next to you in first class. They need to fly private for their security. But we even have a lot of public companies with us that fly with us that own multiple airplanes because there's a lot of people that track private jets. Well, if you own a company jet and people track it, let's say you're flying to the headquarters of your biggest competitor. If you track their company jet and see that they're flying every day to their nearest competitor, they're likely going to acquire their competitor. We can predict that stock price, right? >> But if you fly with us, you're invisible. So, by flying with a Maui, even if you own a private jet, you're buying that invisibility feature, which is very, very valuable. As well as airplanes break, all right, what happens if you own one airplane and it breaks? Great. Well, you still need to fly private. So, who are you going to call? You're going to call them all. We're going to save the day. So I think there will always be a need for that and I think that industry is growing and I think that as we've consistently grown in the industry we're getting better insight. Like one of my favorite quotes is best known beats best. I would say that we are one of the best services in this industry. There's still a lot of great companies out there but it's I I I can't think of another better known private aviation company than us. And I don't know any other with >> with that brand equity that that we've built. It's so valuable. But then the responsibility is on us to keep it and to earn that reputation with our clients every single day. >> Yeah, for sure. Well, look, Colin, I know we haven't got much more time, but if you had to wrap up >> your whole 24 years of entrepreneurship into three lessons for the audience, what would it be? >> I love that. Um, three lessons in my 24 years of experience. I would say the first, you have to outwork the competition. In the beginning, most most of our competitors were typical 9 to5, right? Right? So, let's say 8 hours a day minus an hour for lunch, that puts them at 7 hours. If I work literally and I get here at 6:00 a.m., right, and I leave at or what? 8:00 p.m. Right now, I'm working 14 hours. So, if I worked that one day like that in one of my days, I will have worked two of my competitor's days. If I do that for a month straight, I will 100% beat them because I've outworked them. It's a very simple thing that a lot of people I think overlook. Two is you have to be data driven. If you don't know anything about your clients or why they're flying with you or why they're booking with you or buying your product, you're screwed. So many companies don't have a good CRM system. So many companies don't keep track of any data. They're just like, "Oh, well, we'll get customers." That's a losing dinosaur attitude. You need to know literally everything. Like when people, you know, call us up and they book a trip and they're like, "Yeah, we saw you on Tik Tok. Great. Which Tik Tok? Which one? How many of them did you watch before you booked with us?" So if I have all this data, we can make really good decisions on how we can replicate that customer journey to get more customers. Um and then I think on the third is you have to be creative and aggressive. Most people I think are too afraid of being too aggressive. We started posting on social media because a lot of these old dinosaurs that we're up against, they are so conservative in the fact that we're having a marketing meeting and I was like, "Well, hold on. These companies can't say the things that we do. That is a big value that we have against them. They need to play within the lines. So if we're a lot more provocative on social media and on the internet, that will get more attention than us trying to win them at playing in the lines. >> So to sum up, outwork the competition, be data driven, and to be so creative and aggressive in everything that you do, you will be successful. And last one, Colin, I think people who are watching us right now, they've listened to the whole podcast >> and they've seen you as such an inspiration, right, from hearing your story and everything you've built, the things that you got working and what you're going to be building in the future. >> So, if you had to leave a message to the people who look at you as an inspiration, what would it be? >> Um, I young entrepreneurship is something that is so passionate to me because I never had a mentor. I always wanted one. So, I've always loved to share as much advice as I can. Um, the biggest piece of advice is so many people say no before you even begin. >> People are like, "I don't know how to start a business." What is a business? Literally, it is a website and an email. Boom, now you're a business. >> 20 bucks doesn't take that long. You don't need to spend $20,000 on attorneys drafting all this stuff. >> Shut up. Go, >> Right. Literally. So, simply start. There is nothing preventing you from starting. Most people can scrge together $20 to start a business. I think so many people say, "Oh, this won't work. I don't know. Maybe this won't work." just do it like so simply there. You just have to start and then throughout that process, if you are driven and you always go back to your why of why you're doing it and you remember those three lessons that I just said, um you will be successful. >> Love that, man. Colin, if people want to find you on socials and want to find out more from you, where where can they do so? >> Uh Amalfi Jets on all platforms and the Colin Jones. >> Sweet. I'm going to leave all the links in the description. Guys, if you guys enjoyed this episode, make sure you like and also leave feedback. As Colin just said right there, we can only grow and become better as a business, as a podcast with your feedback. Exactly. >> So, make sure you do that and subscribe if you're new around here as well. Until then, guys, I'll catch you on the next episode of CEO Cast next week. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bigal2417 [5 likes]: Yes 24 going on 44 good luck to him 👍
  2. @ceocast [4 likes]: Hope you all enjoy the episode! Make sure to leave a like and comment below, we want your feedback!
  3. @MillhouseSpeaks [4 likes]: Looking forward to the Ramadan podcasts from next week!🤲
  4. @Paulakejets [1 likes]: one day I'll be one the podcast
  5. @v8hammertime187 [1 likes]: And still no money for the ex. Erling Haaland GLS 63 AMG from germany ;-)
  6. @TejTalks [1 likes]: 24? Crazy. Another great episode Raheem :)
  7. @lyonheirholdings285: That add 2 minutes in pissed me off

- 3 Tips to Private Jet Owner Privacy: Kind: captions Language: en in this episode we're going to be talking about three tips to keeping your private jet private and your ownership private okay so privacy for private owners it's something that's been talked about a lot recently in particular with Elon musk's uh private jet whereabouts have been uh tracked recently and lots of talk about that tracking is g615 thinking okay he's just bought Twitter where is he going he's going back and forth and people are figuring out uh where Elon is going and above all what is he up to when he goes to the different places now um the first thing you need to do when you buy a private jet if you want to keep uh you you the fact that you own the aircraft uh quiet uh the best thing to do is to set up the company set up an LLC and you can set up an LLC that sets up an hour so you can do the offshore thing whatever you want to do you know set up some form of structure and make sure that the airplane is owned by that company and not by yourself so that's the the first thing the second thing is you've got all these flight tracking uh apps that's how they're tracking Elon and these private jet movements uh so you want to make sure that you get delisted from these various flight tracker platforms some people want you there airplane to be tracked others don't um so that's another thing you need to do and and it may be a bit tedious initially but you know it can be done and the third thing is you know there's public information out there uh regarding airplanes some people like to put their name on the airplane the name of their company on the airplane and whatever I can understand that some people need to do that because that's part of their business plan um take for example Grant Cardone who we've had here on bizjet TV you can check the link to the interview I did with Grant recently about his acquisition of his gaussian G650 um he videos himself on his jet all the time he's got his name on his jet um he's got the GC written on the tail and that but he does that because that's part of the way he does business the other people that I know people that I've flown personally around the world on their private jets or people that have chartered planes I've been flying and you you know these people are very wealthy people you've never heard of them and I'll tell you one thing the wealthiest people in the world you've never heard of because their names never appear in the Press you never see them on TV um they're flying around on private jets they're living nice houses around the world they have a lot of wealth but they're not talked about I mean I even think that you know the four was 100 doesn't really list the 100 most richest people in the world because the ones with the real wealth know how to hide it and again unless you're somebody that you know part of your business plan is to let people know that you're out there take even Richard Branson for example with the Virgin brand you know he needs to be out there because that's part of promoting his company the companies are promoted through him so anything that he does automatically advertises his Brands um and that's just part of his business plan but if you're somebody that likes to stay private you don't want people to know you've got your own private jet or you've got five mansions in different different locations around the world and whatnot where you own these big companies you know there are ways of um protecting yourself um and and that's really what you can do so these are the three tips to um and probably a lot more as I've mentioned here uh to uh protecting your privacy as a private jet owner and let me know in the comments below what you think about this video also remember to subscribe to bizjet TV lots of content here about private Aviation and give me a super thanks if you really enjoyed this video and check out this uh interview I did with Grant Cardone um about his airplane and you'll find out how he uses his jet to build his business and that's all from his support on bizjet TV and I'll see in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AvtarDhillon [2 likes]: I agree Fabio that some ultra wealthy individuals go to extreme lengths to hide this wealth and identity. Some are even politicians and leaders etc many people have told me this that Rich lists are not accurate ! Thank you
  2. @jamesbranscomb855 [1 likes]: This is very good advise.  Kidnapping of wealthy people is on the rise and precautions must be taken.  I'm planning on buying my first jet and I will take your advise.  Even though I live in America I would like to use your service because I believe in your integrity.  I will let you know when I'm ready to buy.  Thanks for all of the good videos.  God Bless!
  3. @kaneboy664: Thank you for all the information.
  4. @IlIlIlIlIlIlIlIl-v9h: ADSB is not delistable. All airplanes are trackable.
  5. @rona8663: You’re absolutely correct. I deal with some of the wealthiest people in the world. They make Gates, Musk and all the others on Forbes list look like paupers. They are very very private and you would never know of them.

- #021 - How is the Life as a Private Jet pilot: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the trip loyalty podcast series your host today is Henri Olson my name is Rasmus Cornelius I'm 36 years old I've been a pilot for about a little over 10 years now and I fly business or private aircraft and uh then I'm also the the founder of goi.com and um online booking platform for private aircraft you just heard Rasmus Cornelius Who besides being a private jet pilot for more than 10 years also have founded goi.com which a best can describe as a m for private jets we will in this episode talk about both things first on his role being being a private jet pilot and what that job consist of also compared to being a commercial pilot then a bit on goi.com and what that booking platform does and help to solve the problem in the private yet air Charter Market we are sitting in the goali office in the north part of kopenhagen and let's get started with the interview with Rasmus [Music] welcome R welcome to the travel plus loyalty podcast series uh can you please introduce ourself to our audience yeah thank you Henrik thank you for having me um my name is Rasmus Cornelius I'm uh 36 business or private aircraft and uh then I'm also the the founder of goi.com and um online booking platform for private aircrafts H interesting let's start with the the the pilot part of things and then we can touch a little bit about the GOI later on uh in in uh in this talk today so you carry you said you have been a pilot for like like 10 years um which kind of aircraft do you do you fly these days and are you able to fly um at the moment I'm uh I'm rated on the pilat PC2 uh but in my 10year career I've been flying I think it's eight different uh type of aircraft um smaller aircraft from the um I started in the tempico uh the tobacco Trinidad the good old cesna 172 177 the Pavia and also the Britain Norman Islander uh and yeah since 2016 uh I've been flying the PC 12 and I fly both the the Legacy version and the Next Generation where where you have all the uh the glass cockpit and yeah I think some refers to it as iPad cockpit iPad exactly the PlayStation cockpit yeah so so if we're looking a little bit back to to to the number of aircraft you what is your favorite aircraft is is that the newest one or do you have something from let's say the old days that also attracts you a little bit back again no no my uh my favorite aircraft is undoubtable the pc12 um I don't know of any other type of aircraft who can depart from mayorca with 10 people full of luggage uh with the same or better Comfort than a smaller jet uh it even had it even has a toilet on board and then it is able to land in the southern part of Denmark on a 500 meter grass strip and uh after a a cruise in Flight level 300 so yeah the the pc12 does the job every time um yeah and you can book it on go.com and we can we can definitely uh um let's say ask U ask our followers and and listeners to say go go check it out and and and see if you can find a a sweet spot on a on a empty leg Tour on goali that will definitely be intera we'll come back to that a little bit more so so during your career um if you tell it how did you start as a pilot you said you have you're 36 now you have flown for for 10 years so you you're a little bit late starting as a pilot I guess what is the story behind that yeah yeah I was a little late and it it took me a long time to get uh to the starting point of my flying career but I always wanted to be a pilot as as young as as long as I can remember and and I I think it started when my cousin introduced me to Microsoft Flight simul in '95 uh wow I thought it was so realistic um I got so fascinated by the mechanic part and the aerodynamic aspect of flying and and I I just knew that I had to learn more about Aviation uh but I wasn't that good in school um in fact one of my teachers advised me not to attend high school since my grades were so bad so after um Elementary School I I actually didn't know what to do so uh I tried more jobs than most people my age I think but in 2012 I finally had the courage uh to pursue my dream and I started on an integrated uh pilot education program uh at the Copenhagen air taxi in Rusk airport um yeah and then um then rest of History rest of History exactly yes okay so so a good advice is that even though you are not starting and as a very early you can still uh if you have a dream of being an aviation pilot you can still uh you can still do it yeah exactly yeah if you have if you have a dream uh go follow it and don't stop okay actually I'm teaching my I have four boys and and and and it's the same mindset I'm I'm trying to learn them to um follow a dream and never give up I think that's I think most people can actually use that advice especially the young people that needs to find let's say their place in the world after school and maybe a little bit unsecure on on on what to do so follow your dreams never give up there is a there is a a light ahead in the tunnel if you are pursuing it exactly that's interesting a little bit back to the Flying you said you have four boys so what is a typical day for a private pilot or business pilot is it a 9 to5 job are you away from from home 7 days a week and then coming home how how does it how does it how does it look it's definitely not a 9 to5 job and um when you're a Private Pilot actually you are always in some part working um so when I'm not flying I'm I'm always with the phone um I always have emails to uh to write and and reply um but um yeah yeah a typical flying day for me uh as a Private Pilot actually begins many days prior to the departure day um as a Private Pilot I'm doing everything related to um to the operation uh so a couple of days before departure I'll contact the uh arrival airport to tell them um about our mission um then I'll order catering if my passengers need it and on the day of uh arrival I'll um I'll show up an hour an hour and a half maybe before um departure to get the aircraft out of the hanger um and make sure it's in good condition and um then I'll fuel it um so I'm 100% ready when the when the passengers arrive then I uh usually greet my passengers uh myself and help them on board um yeah and then it's on to the fun part you know the part and um when I'm fly I'm um usually all by myself in the cockpit uh I fly single pilot um yeah and when we land safely um I'll make the aircraft ready for the night uh as we say we uh we put the pajamas on the aircraft we put the pedo covers and uh everything uh maybe I'll fuel it for the next day and then I'll take a taxi to the the hotel check in go for a City Walk have a nice dinner all by myself I don't know how many how many times I've done that but I've been so to some incredible places in Europe over the years and uh and yeah yeah you just got to see see the world as a as a Private Pilot because we are staying a lot with the with the with the passengers so if you take the example that that it's not a 99 to5 job and you say you typically stay uh at least overnight uh I think also a couple of days depending on on on on say your passengers your clients um so so you you said also you are single pilot that's also a little bit a different experience from for many of liness that typically fly commercials and and can you can you put some words on on this single pilot versus the two-pilot setup what what is the what is are some different rules on on on what to do and what not to do when you're a single pilot yeah um compared to um multi-pilot cockpit uh you have uh One Pilot who is Pilot Flying and the other one is pilot monitoring of course as a single pilot I will do both of those jobs um regarding the regulation there's a regulation on my medical but because I'm under 40 I only have to do the medical test uh one time a year but in four years time I will be attending the the medical test two times a year because I'm flying private okay so so basically the the oh single pilot I mean yeah yeah so so basically the the the major restrictions of it is that your health is checked twice a year because you are the the only pilot in the cockpit and so forth so they need to have a little bit closer eye on on the conditions or the the health part of of that otherwise it's it's it's the same cockpit right so there is a space for two two pilots in the cockpit so there is there is yeah and when I'm also flying commercially um we are two pilots yeah okay and that's because of regulations so actually not it's because of service actually for the so so we are two pilots and uh yeah it it the pass the paying passengers they are they are more you know used to two pilots so um um but because I have so many hours on the type um actually I can fly it commercially um single pilot as well yeah interesting so so how many hours approximately are would talking about on on on the PC 12 I think I'm 1,800 it's a it's a lot of flying yeah I think I'm one of the one of the the guys in Denmark with most hours on on on the type okay so a little bit back to uh to we talk about the differences between a commercial pilot and a Private Pilot um com a little bit compared to the 95 job if you take commercial pilots that flies let's say into Europe they typically in and out and and and Back Again of course there are some lay offs sometimes as well but but uh are there some more differences that you want to highlight uh being a Private Pilot compared to a commercial pilot um as I said as a Private Pilot I I have to do all the work besides flying so making the fly plan fuel shopping cleaning um scheduling the aircraft actually for maintenance doing the finance part scheduling of Crews um and so on um and yeah you have to like uh get your hands dirdy and U you have to like to be have yeah to do everything about the operation um do you know who's cleaning the toilet I assume that's you as well yeah that's me as well so actually I had um I had a freelance airline pilot once flying for us and he called me when I was on a holiday uh after his flight uh so I took the phone and and yeah and he basically just called me to say that a passenger has thrown up in the in the cabin all over the floor all over the seats and uh he was going on the way home now uh expecting me or some other guys to do uh the cleaning for him because he was used to that in an in an airline but uh as I said to him could you turn back and please do the cleaning because I'm on a holiday so um so yeah so I think that's the main difference between a commercial pilot and a Private Pilot uh no one does the hard work for you um and we as a Private Pilot we're not hiding behind the door in the cockpit uh we're greeting the passengers personally and making them feel safe and comfortable on the flight and in the end we will follow them all the way to the limo as well um so we we have this passenger Connection in in a different way I think than uh than an airline pilot okay so so if we look at it the as I mentioned the main difference is is that commercial pilot comes in in the morning of course do some flight scheduling and so forth and handle out the weather forecast and do some some flight planning they they they get the keys to the to the plane it's already there it's cleaned it's ready uh food on board and all that stuff it's it's also they order fueling and and the fuel car comes and and fuel it up uh but as a as a as a Private Pilot doing it for for for the owners and so forth everything even basically also fueling it up uh as as as yourself cleaning as you mentioned good story about the toilets uh but also um catering and also so so it's everything around actually owning and and and running a plane it it's up to the it's up up to the party to do that exactly and if something goes wrong with anything in that part you can only blame yourself and I really like that part of the job as well so uh there isn't any I can uh call and yell and said why didn't you do that it's all up to me okay I think that actually is is is news to many that again a little bit I think thought it was basically just flying uh but but there are the other things about it also I think could be quite interesting to uh to to learn about maintening and preparing the aircraft all these kind of practical stuff on that part so so now you're flying we are going out of rosk which is you typically departure home base so so which um which uh airport uh what is your favorite airport to to fly to and and why is that well there is so many Fantastic airports in Europe um I have a soft spot for lamal airport it's uh it's in the southern part of France it's around s Trope and it's a challenging airport um it's located in a small Valley uh with a lot of local traffic and um there's also helicopters flying from s to the Yaks uh Yachts to can Monaco um it's always a challenge flying Lal uh and it's a pc12 par as well so there's I think always eight on the ground and a lot of coming in um so it's a fun airport to to fly to but it's also there's a lot of me memories down there because every time I'm flying Lal it usually um it it usually means that I have a a week uh off in that area um just waiting for my my passengers to finish their holiday so um so yeah it's hard getting in um but then you are all for four to 5 days and then you can enjoy the sun and a glass of wine maybe so that's also I guess a little bit of the benefit being a Private Pilot or or being a pilot for for an owner owners is as you mentioned that that it's not a destination where you typically fly back home you are there waiting for them to to get back so there is also some some time and possibilities to experience the destinations uh on your own or with a with a co-pilot if it's if it that's is is the policy on that part so um what what what around let's say that the mountain airports are there some Mountain airports in in Europe that you are favorite of yeah we usually fly in spook uh every year in February and U yeah that's also can be a a challenge uh especially if you have the fern conditions with the uh winds um but you're you can um you can get very lucky sometimes and and and youd have a sky clear day and it's very very beautiful down in the Alps um but yeah all all Mountain uh airports are incredible uh also the Norwegian airports is as well is also very very beautiful um Ros kilder is also a very beautiful airport um yeah there's a lot of small um Island um airports as well in Denmark is is this is it where the smaller airports as you mentioned the PC2 could could land on a 500 M grass spot basically so so that's I think also is is interesting Landing basically on a on a on a field uh 500 M and then then you're there basically so so options are many I guess with a plane like that yeah yeah you're totally right uh we can get into many more airports than traditional uh uh Airlines can of course um and yeah as I mentioned the pc12 was just an an amazing aircraft um capable of flying high long with a lot of payload yeah okay so so I think that's also one of the benefits uh that comes from a private plane so so the airport Choice closer to cities closer to let's say mountains or smaller airports uh what other benefits are there uh when you are traveling as a as with a private plane are there some let's say a couple of Headliners that you you would like to mention that these are really good advantages yeah as you said there's um there's a lot of benefits flying private um first of all we're always waiting for you so if you're late at a meeting you just give me a text and uh I will um I will delay the flight plan as um um yeah accordingly um you only have to show up we say 20 minutes before um departure um and in the bigger airports when you fly private you often have your own Security check and uh if you show up early there's a lounge private Lounge um and yeah there's also the benefit that you're not uh linked to a commercial root Network so often you can go even closer um yeah you have an example of you say going closer so if we take a city in Europe for example whether we fly commercial to uh can you talk a little bit about is that like like Rome for example that you have a commercial uh deerport in Rome are there any airports closer to Rome that you then can use as a private uh private jet yeah well actually funny you mentioned Rome Rome um when you fly let's say rire you will land in Chino that's in the southern part of Rome if you fly um private uh and the pc12 you can land in the Ur So that's in the northern part northern part of Rome so actually you're you're closer to the city center um a different city could be Frankfurt there's a a small private Airport called Eagle Spar that's very close to uh to the city center as well and it's much cheaper to to land in so so these are some of the the advantages we talked about to check in time uh easy access through the airport private security private lounes before the aparta the possibilities to delay the flight uh I have never had a success delaying a flight uh calling the airline and saying I'm I'm I'm 30 minutes out can you please hold the flight it typically work uh in in in in the way I'm flying um then the smaller airports the the transfer times to and from the airport so so these are huge the benefits um if if if I may conclude that um that's also that it's only you and your colleague um and and and we we saw an increase in demand on the co and uh The Travelers uh Travelers who usually was flying know first class business they they they jumped to the private uh planes especially the the pc12 because it's yeah you can you can get it to a fair price and uh yeah they're are not coming back now so uh so there they're still um flying private they have seen the lights they have seen the light exactly interesting so so we talked the uh bookings and and that they're com they are staying you have basically transfer some of the customers from commercial airlines what it when it comes to booking uh is it can can I think it's difficult to book an air private there it's not that who to call or where to write is it possible to do uh online and so forth how how can you how is it historically and and and and what is the situation now on on booking uh private airplanes yeah as you say as a tradition no it's not easy you have to uh maybe go to Google or WR private plane then you'll have a list of different Airline not Airline but but the private jet Brokers and you will write to some of them and they will contact a lot of operators carriers and they will um they will get a lot of quotes and then you will as a client sit and wait so um so that's why I founded goali uh which is an online booking platform for private jets uh here you get a price in 5 seconds and uh you get a confirmed booking in under five minutes it's quite unique um you can also type in the address where you want to go and guali will return the most suitable airport and the matching private jet for that destination as well so um so yeah I saw a a what you yeah there was there was some La things lacking exactly yeah yeah and uh yeah a spot in the market basically exactly yes yes so so basically I think in my head it's it's what you're saying is kind kind of M for private planes basically you search the you search the the the party airport the time the arrival airport and you get some options directly with the price on and basically two or three click later you potentially could have booked a private a private jet to that so that's easy I I telling me it's that easy it is that easy yes yes and actually we got some some reply from a guy saying it it was a little bit too easy so so yeah as five five clicks then you have a a private jet yes so five click and a credit card or a bank transfer whatever it is so but but but still it's it's a it's it's okay so that's actually the that's the future now that you're able to to find that and I also think that that that the that actually open up some possibilities for quite many because there are um um I guess quite a lot of let's say empty leg flying so you're flying one way with a client and and then you have to go home again and and those is this something that you can see GOI could could help making more visible yes of course we can uh make that more visible uh actually right now our our operators our our carriers they can uh in the goall system they can tell us where they the planes are so uh um so so um the the the clients could get the um the planes even cheaper um but yeah we're working on some uh incredible things where we can uh see the actual positions of aircraft and and future movements as well so we can uh predict and show these empty legs more clearly to the end clients and I say that that's definitely something I think a lot of our listeners would would would benefit of or be interested in looking at could they get a an empty leg flight easy or could they identify because that's not something that easy to get hold on now or get transparent views on so so I definitely think that could be interesting so we can uh we can just say what's watch's out on Google do go.com uh to uh to to look for for for the mtle flights as well and in general see what what is the price and possibilities of that um a little bit about pricing so can everyone AFF fortifying apply private plane because in my head it's it's it's ridiculously expensive or something you talked about the co have changed a little bit on on on some of the premium travels that actually they find it's it's possible so so what what are the is it only for rich people um some sort but no but yeah we can go to goi.com and check um if if you're eight to nine people maybe uh you can get to to around thousand um yeah let's say Russ killed it to kma in Sweden and um there's no Direct commercial flight between those two airports so uh let's say we are eight people going on a business trip uh we're going for a meeting a day meeting so we want to return the same day and um if we take uh a look at goali uh we'll get the flight for a little over ,000 per passengers uh and the flight time only takes an hour so we save the uh the long checkin time in castrop uh the connection in Sweden uh in Stockholm I mean um and with the commercial airlines uh I just checked Mando it will take 6 hours in estimated transportation and then we only have a couple of hours for our meeting before we have to fly all the way back uh alternative if the meeting dragging out we need to take all L people going on a hotel and we need to pay for dinner as well so uh yeah and then you end up with the same price as a private de so um so yeah so so there are some options actually for for especially groups of people or that can actually benefit of that both from from Time Savings in and out in a day don't have to to spend extra hours in in travel which also have a some kind of internal cost uh efficiency wise uh hotels that you don't need and so forth so there are some some possibilities actually for for not only rich people flying uh flying there to to round it off Rasmus um some some funny stories or funny things that you have seen over the years do you have a story that we can end this uh this talk with uh on on on being a private uh private uh private plane pilot yeah um when you are the Rich and Famous you get some funny things uh you get to see some of funny things sometimes and uh of course Henrik I can't uh can't go into details with you guys but I can tell you about one of my first flights as a pc12 pilot I was uh hired to bring a famous singer to a birthday party at a private residence in the southern part of Europe and after the flight I was invited to join the birthday party uh and I was so nervous you know it was a a big castle like mansion and uh I was nervous because I didn't know anybody and um but when I arrived and I started to walk around I I was looking at the all the um the guest and I was hey I know that guy and I know that guy and know I know that girl oh and then then I realized they were all celebrities so that's that's why I knew them and um yeah I I I got this you know out of out of body um uh moment where I I just looked around and say what the hell am I doing here I'm just I'm just Rasmus you know um and it was just a completely different world and and yeah and it still is sometimes um but I think we can end it I think it's it's a fun story because it it is it is a different world private planes are typically for the rich people and and those who have a little bit more pocket money than than than normal people have but it also is possible for for let's say the normal uh business owners or normal companies or private persons to actually experience the benefits of of flying flying Pate planes so with that saying I think we uh have rounded up our spend our time so so thank you Rasmus for for joining and uh best of luck and uh see you on go Ali I think yeah thank you for having me and please go and check out go this means that we are in the end of this episode of the TR plus loyalty podcast thank you for listening and safe travel

- I Made $50,000 in ONE MONTH as a Private Jet Pilot!: Kind: captions Language: en I made $50,000 in one month as a corporate pilot come along as we fly the G4 to Mexico I'll break down my month and show you guys exactly what I did how you guys could do the same thing let's go to work baby [Music] [Applause] ready two 3 Here Comes Shake Here Comes push there we go good test okay on my side ready 1 2 three go two one yeah he's coming up shake test all right guys welcome board to the Gold Stream G4 we're here at Atlantic and uh we're going to call for taxi ground go stream taxi Atlantic ground 3 left at Bravo taxi Victor Charlie whiskey Victor Charlie whiskey three Z left the Bravo all right go for it you're clearing the right okay clear low ground just feed 37s at signature taxi with Romeo nice and easy out of here it's tight it'll be a hard left try and keep it rolling without having add any power ground South one 10 we are clear of three Z right going to a little bit all right let me run through your taxi checks go for it Paul transponder is good lights are good uh C we ask we don't need tell me how your brakes feel when you get a chance I'm going to pull up your brake hydraulic page here Here Comes mine check yours okay got them might feel good brakes all right so you got 50 blue or brown no Flags you got 3017 on the meter about 60 ft I see 123 on the heading vsi zero speed w box TRS right that one first two three lights two one two three two one all right awesome tr's good okay fuel temp looks good and uh let's hear your crew Roofing all right dude we're taking off from 30 left we're on the Spartans it's a left SE takeoff I will abort for anything between zero and 80 if it's something to continue you y continue you do have abort Authority let me know we absolutely uh between 80 and V1 I will only abort for engine fail fire I can't keep her straight um after that after V1 we're going up and uh airp is here below AC we're in you got blue needles flaps are 20 indicating 20 stab and handle agree engine engine instruments are all in the white hydraulic pressure is 330 is secured panel is am monitor Tower lineups bra all right we're clear for takeoff thre left the Bravo clear to go CLE on the apprach check your side as we're taking the runway and out here let's do it set take off power okay okay air speeds alive power set 60 80 or tops my tops V1 rotate postive right you're up 400 pops up can I get uh Fouch 200 we'll see you guys stream out of a th climbing via stream Mar ofart radar contact maintain 5,000 I'll have high for you here in just a moment all right we'll stop at five number 9851 turn left heading 080 vectors for full 080 9851 number 851 contact Oakland Center one 33.7 at John course 337 thanks for the help 9951 951 the pagio uh is at the other one yeah climb checks looking good Paul all right four clim 5,000 affirmative I see it clim maintain flight level n0 un restricted Z thanks okay we're still under the Bravo I'm going to keep you at 200 for another like 30 seconds okay all right we'll clear the Bravo if you want to speed up all right let's go get me out of speeds here all right me get uh Bob flying coming up thank you friendly 3072 turn left Hing 0 5 0 37 to contact center 1 33.7 good day 337 we see all right out of 18 I'm going standard and no pulses in the same no Cent Gold Stream 18 Clement 19 270 270 way way okay so hello from our cruising alude we are officially in Mexico airspace nice little pushday uh heading down to Los Cabos only an hour and a half to go but uh let's talk about why you guys are here watching this video and that's how I made $50,000 in one month as a corporate no that is not clickbait that is 100% legitimate and I'm going to break it down for you day by day what I did each day of the month and uh how I earn $50,000 in just flying Revenue that doesn't include stuff I did with social media or flipping airplanes with Jeffrey that is completely income from flying so I think it's important to talk about exactly what it is uh Paul and I what it is we both do as corporate Pilots because it's kind of unconventional we uh we are not salary full-time Pilots um we do not answer to anybody we do not work for anybody fulltime we don't get benefits none of that cuz we are contract pilots and I think that's kind of uh something that most people don't really know about in the aviation world so essentially we work for ourselves we run our own business and that business is providing pilot services to uh owners and and flight departments who need Pilots so we get paid a day rate and that day rate is typically higher because responsible for training cost insurance Etc so on the G4 the daily rate is $2,000 and it's important to note that uh I charge that and all contractors charge that whether you're flying or not so if you're airlin to a trip or if you're sitting in a hotel you're making $2,000 any day you are not in your own bed at home okay so that's really important and don't let anybody talk you know otherwise there's no half day for no flying days or half travel days no it's a either you're home and you're not making money or you're on the road and you're making your full day rate so yeah we essentially run our own business it's a constant hustle we're constantly trying trying to find gigs because if we're not flying we're not getting paid but we also have complete control over our schedule we can turn down trips we can pick and choose what we want to do and it's uh it's a very hot Market as I'm about to explain to you I'm constantly turning down trips giving him to other contractors we all work together but uh it's a very lucrative line of work I love having the control and the freedom to you know go fly the pagio one day go fly the Gold Stream the next day so I'll make a future video breaking down exactly how to become a contractor and all the nitty-gritty and the dos and don'ts but for now let's break down my month of November and talk about um exactly what I made and you can do the same thing all right so here we go month of November I'm going to break it down day by day tell you guys where I flew or what I did and what I made hopefully this is eye opening to some of you I'm trying to make this as educational can to see to show you guys look if you're willing to hustle and and network you can do this and be a full-time contractor and make really good money let's jump right into it all right so starting off strong November 1st I had a two-day trip in a G4 on the 1 I had to Airline out to Nashville that was it airlin Nashville $2,000 spent the night the next day I flew a G4 from uh Nashville back to Los Angeles airlin home that was about 20 a little over 24 hours worth of work I airlin out in the middle of the day on the first got back you know late afternoon on the second $4,000 right there awesome start to the let see it from the 3D to the fourth to the 5ifth uh I was really busy flying the paju around um I did make a video uh from one of those trips check it out uh we went to scapoose scapoose I still can't remember how to say it I don't either but anyways uh I charge $1,500 a day in the piagio so uh on the the third and the fourth and the fifth I uh made $1,500 each day flying the piagio I went to Vegas a couple times up to Oregon back to Vegas um so there's a another $4,500 in a weekend so already off a really good start on the 6th I took a day off I was much needed on November 7th I started a sixday G4 trip on one of the planes I contracted out of Santa Barbara you'll see some episodes uh on that one in the future with my good buddy Curtis so that was a pretty solid trip I traveled down to Santa Barbara on The sth and then we reposition the plane to San Francisco that evening spent the night in San Francisco on theth WE flew to T spent the night in Toro the next day we flew to Albuquerque spent four days in Albuquerque flew back to uh Santa Barbara on the 12th and then uh and then I got to meute home so there a solid 6 days $2,000 a day that's a $112,000 trip right there so that one was that one was really nice that was a solid trip got home on the 12th got the 13th off and I kind of had the next few days open and I had a buddy who flies a PC2 say hey I'm going down to La Santa Monica for a couple days uh you want to be my right seater I'll pay you 500 bucks a day so I had nothing going on it was great cuz I got to see some friends while I was down there and I enjoy flying with him so made 1,000 bucks on the 14th the 15th uh just right seeing applaus going down to Santa Monica and back to the baray area so I took the 16th off in preparation for an 11 day trip in the Gold Stream G4 uh yeah so uh on the 17th I commed down to Burbank in the evening to be in position for uh an early morning departure out of bise on the 18th so of course I charge him a full day $2,000 on the 17th and this one was kind of all over the place it was getting a family to uh to Cape Cod for Thanksgiving so we were kind of shuttling back and forth so on the 18th we did our morning flight to Cape Cod across the country spent the night the next uh the next day on the 19th we went to Atlanta picked up the next group flew back to Cape Cod spent the night on the 20th we flew to Oakland spent the night on the 21st we flew back to Cape Cod got the rest of the group the last the last group to uh Cape Cod and uh we spent the 22nd Thanksgiving the 23rd and the 24th in Cape Cod and then we did it all in Reverse from the 25th to the 26th to finally finishing on the 27th so that was a solid 11 day trip so uh you do the math so that's a nice $ 222,000 in my pocket for uh 11 days of flying and it was also nice because as I mentioned two of the days two of the overnights took me to Oakland so it worked out because I live in San Jose I was actually able to save the money on a hotel and go home so did get to break it up and spend uh two nights in my own bed which was uh really really nice but uh so that was a solid trip and it just happened to work out that I had another trip out of Santa Barbara the next day after we got back to vanise so on the 27th when we got back to vanise um I think I took the train that day up to Santa Barbara to be in position for my trip the next day uh on that same G4 out of Santa barbar to Mexico so on the 28th the morning of the 28th I flew down to Mexico City with we filmed a great episode that day stay tuned for that and we spent the 28th the 29th and the 30th in Mexico City flew back the 30th so that was another $6,000 3 days of pay we actually got back so late on the 30th there were no flights home so we got a room and commuted home on the first and got paid another day that one really worked out and you know sometimes it is what it is we try and help when we can cuz we want to get home too right but when there's no flights and we're exhausted you know sometimes that's what you got to do you got to a hotel and get get on a flight the next day so the grand total for November is $51,500 and that is just in Pilot fees from November 1st to December 1st so as you can see it's a constant Hustle but if you're willing to put in the work you will definitely enjoy the reward I must also say not every month is this good it happened to work out where some of the big trips were back to back October and December are panning out to be almost just as good so again it all comes down to hustling networking this is something any of you guys can do and no matter what airplane whether it be a gold stream or a citation or King airs uh there's always a market for contract Pilots you just got to know where to look and got to got to put in the work so I hope that was eye opening to you I'm trying to make this as educational as possible to show you guys there's more routes than obviously just the airline route but within the corporate aviation industry you can be a contract pilot and and work for yourself and be super successful without having a work or answer to anybody else and and uh to me it's the best quality of life and obviously pay is really good so highly recommend if you have the opportunity to be a contract pilot definitely consider it I'm going to make another video breaking down exactly how to become a contract pilot the do's and don'ts cuz there is a lot to know and and and a lot to consider uh you can't it's not one of those things where you kind of just jump in and do it so stay tuned for that but for now I hope you guys enjoyed the breakdown of my month and how lucrative it could be as a contract pilot so today's date is December 26th so as you can imagine it is a mess out there today 1000 everybody has the everybody has the same idea and wants to go somewhere warm after Christmas there's a nice conga line of airplanes heading down to Cabo hopefully we don't get any delays inbound but uh she is clearly busy a lot of airplanes coming in it is chaos out there facing turn left heading 080 for 3 minutes then direct to our ring 0 for three minutes then direct she's 20 wow she she's giving everybody theay vectors so far we' through the cracks I don't want to jinx anything send 7,000 7,000 20 6 approach November 260 descend 2 Alpha golf traffic spacing make left heading 40 2 minute then flly direct to Mar maintain 5,000 okay 14 Z on the heading for 2 minute then direct marac down to 4,000 for eight Alpha go maintain 5,000 I'm sorry 5,000 for 8 or8 Alpha gol approach November 2 40 descending 2 0 contact 1825 1825 San Lucas November 23 descending 2000 I don't think that's right approach November confirm our frequency please n25 graas right any 18 Z for uh 36 approach November 211 0 descending 2 0 with Juliet approach November level two Juliet Conta way all right we Senda and expect the uh approach for 29 all right 5,000 bottom I got in there catch it right here way baby baby baby baby oh down down down down baby baby baby baby baby oh got got way baby baby by all right that's a wrap Baby Baby Baby Baby Bo

  Top Comments:
  1. @Delta-Aviation-Edits [1 likes]: 4:25 10/10 posture
  2. @PumpUptheJam81 [1 likes]: I made $1520 as a jump pilot last month. 😅 Coming up on my 1500 though and looking for the next thing :)
  3. @JamesDouglasson: When do you transition to left seat?
  4. @Ilikemiami: I’m 13 and want to get into the type of stuff u do but idk how
  5. @Diesel4242: Good job for standing your ground on your day rate. They try that standby half day rate crap in the oilfield all of the time and I just tell them to get one of those used car salesman consultants instead of me because I’m worth a full day rate.
  6. @ditto1958: Why is the airplane’s identity a secret
  7. @austinhamby8699: Is there not many rated gulfstream pilots
  8. @danielcorsino: Looking to be w2 corporate pilot for a company.. curious what it costs for type ratings for the g4 etc and how much contract pilots end up keeping etc! Does it hash much better than say a premier fractional airline at like 5-7yrs etc .
  9. @swortham: Amazing.
  10. @inderjotsingh2523: Can i become part time contractor pilot?
  11. @JitterbugFPV: Now I'm curious as to why the atuopilots name is Bob?
  12. @nicholasrump1376: Making 1/3 of that would be sick
  13. @joew381: Great video!  Do you pay for your airline flights out of your day rate or is that paid by the customer?
  14. @pooopyshitts: What about lodging a d travel costs? Are they out of pocket?
  15. @HhKing-n6m: what headset are you using?
  16. @RdesignedSteve: If only more people were paid well. 🙄
  17. @AidenQuinn09: Is this the average salary of a private jet pilot or does it depend on who you work for?
  18. @cessnaking2000: Do you pay for your own lodging and rental car while on the road or is that covered?
  19. @coqueto45: 118.25 became 119.25...
  20. @Flying_with_Rich: Wow I can’t tell you how much I appreciate these videos

- Top 5 Single-Pilot Private Jets for Personal Use: Kind: captions Language: en welcome enthusiasts today we're diving into the fascinating world of single pilot private jets A Perfect Blend of performance convenience and luxury whether you're a seasoned Aviation efficient AO or someone exploring the possibilities of personal air travel this guide will help you through the top five single private jets designed for individual use will'll unravel everything these incredible machines have to offer from their impressive performance capabilities purch prices and operating costs to the financing options and life cycles that make owning one a reality so if you're ready to discover how these Jets can transform your travel experience and lifestyle buckle up and let's take off private jets symbolize freedom and efficiency offering the ability to bypass crowded commercial airports eliminating security lines and fly directly to destinations that major airlines can't serve single pilot Jets take this convenience to the next level un like larger private jets that require a professional flight crew these compact yet powerful machines allow certified Pilots to take the controls themselves this autonomy not only reduces operational costs but also gives owners unparalleled flexibility and managing their flight schedules imagine having the freedom to depart whenever you want Flying directly to your destination without the constraints of Airline timetables or huband spoke rooting single pilot jets are specifically designed to combine Advanced performance capabilities with userfriendly systems thanks to cuton Edge avionics such as garmin's g3000 Suite flying these Jets is simplified even for individuals who are not professional Pilots by trade these Jets typically cost between $2 and $10 million depending on their size range and onboard features while this price tag may seem steep they provide a unique combination of performance luxury and accessibility that is hard to match annual operating costs range from $300 to $800,000 covering everything from Fuel and maintenance to insurance and hter fees but the True Value lies in their ability to unlock countless possibilities for business Leisure and personal connections now let's explore five standout options in this remarkable category we begin with the Cirrus Vision jet sf50 an innovative aircra C that has redefined what it means to own a personal jet known as the world's first single engine personal jet the vision jet stands out for its Sleek viled design and advanced safety features priced at around $3 million it is an excellent entry-level option for individuals looking to transition from high- performance piston aircraft or turbo props to the world of jets despite its compact size this aircraft delivers exceptional value and versatility making it a favorite among firsttime jet owners the vision jet boasts a maximum range of approximately 1,275 nautical miles which is perfect for regional flights whether it's a quick hop between cities or connecting vacation destinations it has a cruising speed of 311 knots that's 358 mph allowing you to cover significant distances quickly without compromising fuel efficiency its service ceiling of 31,000 ft ensures smooth flights above most weather disturbances however the real showstopper is the Cirrus Aircraft parachute system or caps an emergency parachute designed to safely bring the entire aircraft to the ground in the event of critical failure a feature unique in the private jet industry operating costs for the vision jet are among the lowest in its class averaging 350 to $400,000 annually fuel burn is approximately 50 gallons per hour translating to $650 to $750 per flight hour depending on local fuel prices maintenance costs are similarly economical making the vision jet accessible to those who prioritize both safety and cost efficiency financing is straightforward with a down payment of 20% and monthly payments ranging from $5 to $20,000 over a 10 to 15E loan term the vision Jets life cycle is estimated at 20 to 30 years thanks to sirus's commitment to Quality and durability regular maintenance and upgrades can further extend its lifespan ensuring it remains a valuable asset for decades its innovative design and advanced safety features including the Cirus airframe parachute system or caps make it a standout option in its class this jet is a perfect fit for families small businesses or individuals who value Simplicity efficiency and Cutting Edge safety features while also offering exceptional comfort and versatility for for a range of travel needs the Honda Jet Elite 2 is a Marvel of modern engineering seamlessly blending performance luxury and efficiency into one exceptional aircraft with its Sleek design spacious cabin and advanced avionics this jet offers an unparalleled flying experience priced at approximately $6.9 million the Elite 2 is positioned as a high performance option for Discerning buyers who seek both style and substance Honda Aircraft company has brought its Automotive experience into the aviation industry creating a jet that is as reliable as it is innovative the Honda Jet Elite 2 features a maximum range of 1,547 nautical miles making it capable of non-stop flights between popular city pairs like New York and Miami or Los Angeles and Denver it cruises at an impressive speed of 422 knots or around 486 mph and has a service ceiling of 43,000 Ft ensuring smooth and efficient travel it's Unique over the wing engine mouth design reduces cabin noise improves fuel efficiency and provides more interior space the cabin is outfitted with luxurious seating for up to seven passengers complete with modern amenities like high-speed Wi-Fi ergonomic seats and customizable lighting operating costs for the Honda Jet Elite 2o range from 500 to 600 $1,000 annually this includes fuel expenses approximately 100 gallons per hour alongside maintenance insurance and storage costs fuel cost alone translates to $1,200 to $1,400 per hour depending on fluctuating market prices while maintenance costs are higher than those of smaller Jets Honda's commitment to reliability ensure that the aircraft remain operational with minimal downtime financing options typically involve a 20 to 20 5% down payment with monthly payments ranging from $25 to $30,000 over 10 to 15 years the life cycle of the Honda Jet Elite 2 is estimated at 30 to 40 years making it a long-term investment for frequent flyers or business owners its blend of efficiency luxury and performance make it one of the most sought-after single pilot Jets on the market with regular maintenance and technological upgrades the Elite 2 can retain its value and reliability ility for decades offering unparalleled versatility for personal or professional travel while embodying Honda's reputation for Innovation and Precision Engineering for those who demand the Pinnacle of performance and luxury in a single pilot jet the Embraer Phenom 300E is an unrivaled Choice as the fastest and longest range jet on our list it combines cuttingedge technology premium cabin features and exceptional operating capabilities priced at $110 million the Phenom 300E represents the peak of what single pilot Jets can offer catering to both business Executives and high net worth individuals the Phenom 300E boasts a maximum range of 2010 nautical miles allowing it to connect virtually any two points in the continental United States without refueling with the cruising speed of 453 knots that's around 521 mph and a service ceiling of 45,000 ft is it's designed for coast to coast travel cutting flight times and maximizing efficiency its luxurious cabin accommodates up to 10 passengers and features ergonomic seating high-speed connectivity and advanced climate control systems making it ideal for both work and relaxation operating costs for the Phenom 300E are among the highest in this category averaging 650 to $750,000 annually the jet Burns approximately 150 g gallons of fuel per hour resulting in hourly costs between $1,800 and $2,000 maintenance and insurance add to the overall expense but 's comprehensive service programs can help manage long-term costs financing typically requires a 25 to 30% down payment with monthly payments exceeding $440,000 over 10 to 15 years the life cycle of Phenom 300E is extensive with proper maintenance extending its usability IL to 40 years or more its unmatched performance and luxury features make it a standout choice for owners who demand the best in private Aviation with regular servicing and upgrades the Phenom 300E not only retains its value but also adapts to evolving Aviation standards ensuring a seamless blend of Timeless elegance and cuttingedge technology for decades of reliable service the Cessna Citation M2 Gen 2 is a versa and reliable jet that offers a perfect balance of performance and affordability an updated version of the popular citation M2 the Gen 2 model introduces enhanced cabin features improved efficiency and cutting edged avionics all at a competitive price point of $5 million this aircraft is a favorite among firsttime jet owners small business operators and individuals seeking a practical yet luxurious flying solution the citation M2 Gen 2 has a maximum range of 1,550 nautical miles making it well suited for regional and mid-range flights it's cruising speed of 404 knots that's 465 mph and a service ceiling of 41,000 ft ensures smooth efficient travel across a variety of routes the Gen 2 models cabin improvements include upgraded seating enhanced lighting and advanced connectivity options creating a comfortable and productive environment for up to seven passengers operating costs for the citation M2 Gen 2 are moderate averaging $400 to $500,000 annually it burns approximately 120 gallons of fuel per hour resulting in hourly costs of $1,000 to $1,200 maintenance costs are relatively low compared to larger Jets and cst's extensive service network ensures reliable support financing options include a 20 to 20 5% down payment and monthly payments ranging from 20 to $25,000 over a 10 to 15year term the citation M2 Gen 2 boasts a robust life cycle with proper maintenance ensuring Decades of reliable service its combination of affordability performance and versatility makes it an excellent choice for those new to private Aviation or those seeking a Dependable costeffective aircraft with regular care this jet can provide reliable service for 30 years or more offering great value for its owners and rounding out our list is the patus pc24 a revolutionary jet that combines the versatility of a turbo prop with the performance of a light jet priced at approximately $ million the pc24 is unique in its ability to operate on short unpaved runways granting access to over 21,000 airports worldwide a feat unmatched by other jets in its class this capability makes it ideal for travelers who need to reach remote or underserved destinations the PC 24 features a maximum range of 2,000 nautical miles and a cruising speed of 440 knots that's 56 mph allowing it to handle both Regional and longdistance flights with ease its service ceiling of 45,000 ft ensures smooth and efficient travel while its spacious cabin accommodates up to 10 passengers in luxurious Comfort the cabin is fully customizable with options for executive layouts cargo configurations and more catering to a wide range of needs operating costs for the pc24 average $700 to $800,000 annually reflecting its high performance and versatility the jet Burns approximately 140 gallons of fuel per hour resulting in hourly costs of 1,700 to $900 maintenance costs are higher than those of smaller Jets but Pat's reputation for reliability ensures minimal downtime financing options typically involve a 25% down payment with monthly payments exceeding $40,000 over 10 to 15 years the pc24 offers a long life cycle with proper maintenance ensuring it remains reliable for decades known for its affordability performance and versatility it's an ideal choice for newcomers to private Aviation or those seeking a practical costeffective air craft with regular upkeep this jet can provide Dependable service for over 30 years making it a valuable investment for its owners as relatively low operating costs further enhance its appeal making it a smart choice for those looking to maximize both performance and efficiency owning a single pilot private jet opens up a world of possibilities granting Freedom flexibility and convenience that few other Investments can match each jet on this list offers a unique blend of performance luxury and efficiency catering to a wide range of needs and preferences from the safety Focus serus Vision jet to The Versatile patus pc24 there's a jet for every type of traveler while the financial commitment is significant these Jets represent long-term investments in Mobility connectivity and personal freedom so which of these exceptional aircraft will you choose to take your Aviation dreams to new heights

  Top Comments:
  1. @geraldbaugh1523 [3 likes]: The Phoenom 300 range of 2,010 nautical miles means it would need to make a fuel stop to fly coast to coast. You forgot to mention the cargo door on the Pilatus PC 24 which really adds to its versatility.
  2. @kIllerM0NG-KM [1 likes]: Cool
  3. @bensolo9418: You show s cessna citation Mustang land while talking about the Honda Jet. And later a lear jet still while talking about the Honda Het. 
Oh and you dont show any insoghts of tve canin interieur
  4. @hedonzx822: Where is the Gates learjet you showed😳😳🧐
  5. @normanriggs848: What happened to the Cessna CJ4?
  6. @xw4: One of the better AI generated video I have seen lately. If it wasn’t for the footage being inserted of the wrong aircraft, I would have called this a good video.

- Day In The Life Of A Private Jet Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en good morning everyone so today I will show you my daily routine how I usually prepare for my flights all the way till I get to my airplane check this out usually run and work out for 30 minutes every mornings and now I'm dressed and I'm ready for my Becca let's go the airport so now I will take you for a tour and Jetix FBO where we usually do our briefings and wait til we get ready for our flight so let's go usually wait here this is where we have the coffee tea and do our briefings this is my favorite area I'm going very relaxing area for the crew if you are waiting for passengers for a long time or something you can sleep over here you can have a massage and also get this part you got chocolate whatever you need it's all here covered by Jetix so as I my crop with pilots it's little bit different from commercial airlines pilots because when I'm on duty I'm usually on call 24/7 so I usually have to be ready to go for a flight within two hours if they call me so what I do when I go out I usually pack my luggage make it ready so if I got the call I just get back and get my luggage and go straight forward for the airport in case of this I have to sleep in the middle of the day to make sure I have the good sleep because in case they call me in the night for example so I have to be ready all the time this is the corporate pilot life mainly so they have a guitar here you can enjoy it if you can play music so one of the main reasons I love my job as corporate pilot life and I don't want to go for airlines that I usually get surprised with the destinations usually I go to new destinations I never been to and even Airlines doesn't go there so that's one of the main reasons I love my job so now I will take you to the passenger terminal where there the passenger usually waits for the flight let's go you can have a look around [Music] is where we are going now this is the passenger waiting area so now we are done with the briefing and now we are waiting for passports to get ready to go to the aircraft so now we just arrived to our aircraft that we will get ready for the flight

  Top Comments:
  1. @vishalgoyal7093 [4 likes]: Wow just everything is perfect sir really i love this
  2. @sierrayankee4097 [3 likes]: Its so cool, now I’m dreaming as a pirvate jet pilot, even currently im in commercial airline in Indonesia. And also I Hope some day I get the opportunity to join
  3. @shantoymiller5839 [2 likes]: This is a fantastic video!! Well done.
  4. @richardginesjr [2 likes]: Awesome! Greetings from The USA!
  5. @pakaviation_la [2 likes]: Sir I'm flight Operations officer license holder with 1 year experience Pakistan Base. Is here any opportunity for me..??
  6. @azamatmussauatov7533 [1 likes]: Very cool video by the Author!
Very interesting fantastically filmed by the Author! Does the JETEX company hires flight dispatcher in your company?
  7. @dreampilot6005 [1 likes]: MY ONLY DREAM IS AIRLINE PILOT
  8. @05videos6 [1 likes]: getting to new destinations thats an intresting point
  9. @omarijoseph3189 [1 likes]: what is your based airport?
  10. @omarelhangour5540: Captain eleithy ❤️
  11. @omarelhangour5540: Alkan air hawker 850
  12. @LMays-cu2hp: Fly safe always.
  13. @shayaansarfaraz5502: Hv
  14. @officialaccount6206: how to become private jet pilot ?

- Day In The Life of a Private Jet Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en what's up everyone this is the video you've all been waiting for welcome to a day in my life as a corporate Pilot Flying The Gulfstream G4 today we're flying from Van Nuys to Salt Lake City for the concert I'm super excited to bring you along on this one it should be a really fun one I'm here in the hotel waiting for Tommy to come pick me up and then we're gonna head out to the airplane get things fired up so uh let's hit the road that'd be crazy tonight let's go I'm so excited for this one guys it's gonna be insane let's do it [Music] foreign do the AP fire test all right we're going to turn on the Apu by turning on the master and we're going to wait for the uh low oil pressure light to come on that means the Apu Inlet door is open once that comes on we're going to hit the over speed button that's to test the shutoff feature of the Apu the Apu shuts off when the RPM over speeds so uh the light goes out that's a good check we're going to give it a little bit let it reset turn the master back on and once the light comes on we're going to fire up the Apu Apu where you use the left main tank There She Goes wait for uh our pins come all the way up and then we'll transfer the power source from the batteries to the APU like that so boom aux power's on we're no longer just charging from the batteries the AP Supply and the power to the airplane and turn on the rest of the instruments so cabin Galley Masters all our displays we can come turn on the irs's fms's that's it that's how you turn on the G4 cage the attitude indicator still got my mark in this plane had to do it this is cool so let's just call our display controller the display controller there's a lot of things that can control what comes up on the screen so for example I have the engine start page up I can change it to the break page tells you all the brake temperatures stuff like that it's to the Hydraulics so you do a lot and then with the map page I'm going to come here and change it to vectors on the Wind so it'll tell me what the winds are doing and yeah do all sorts of cool stuff on here coming down here we can initialize the fms's so load the positions on both sides and obviously they flew at night last we could brighten those all the way there we go and let those come up in the meantime Let's uh let's go check out the back coming back here to the cabin we don't have a flight to numbness bird so we're responsible for everything back here making sure the seat belts all look nice there's ice and drinks and snacks everything's the way it should be so we do all that I'm gonna request some ice I'm going to load the snack box everything fix all the seat belts just make it look presentable back here belts make those look all nice no flight attendant you guys wanted a day in the life you got it this is it it's glamorous all right we'll come outside here do a little walk around what's up it's one of my homies so here she is in all her glory the beauty back in the cockpit this is what our flight plan looks like we're gonna take this and input it into the FMS so first thing we're going to do load our destination so we're going k-s-l-c put that there drag it down we're gonna go to departure we're departing up 1 6 right this morning and looking at our flight plan it is the Ares 4 so we're going to load that and we have the Las Vegas transition upload that activate it now keep in mind this is just preliminary we're still waiting for our IFR clearance that we're going to get in about a half hour on and then we're gonna go through and enter the rest of the waypoints after Las Vegas so I'm going to load that real quick and I'll catch you guys after all right so I'm currently up here monitoring the fueling just making sure they're balanced I'm currently only feeding feeding the left one because the uh right side's a little heavier so I've got it closed up here once they're balanced I'll turn it back on so uh just monitoring the feeling making sure everything is uh in balance and uh coming up the way it should now that they're balanced the way I want it to I can come back up here open the shut off and now it'll feed fuel in the belt takes here's some of the functional checks on the G4 so this is the fire test we're looking for eight lights so we got two on the button three four five six seven and eight that lights up on the fuel so that's a good test eight lights and then we have a checklist that pops up so we can just exit it there that's a good test we do the other side working for eight lights as well it's a good test we're gonna be clear to the Salt Lake City Airport areas four departure Las Vegas transition has filed maintained four thousand expect play level four one zero and one zero minutes after departure parch frequency one two four point six and squat two zero two six okay we're clear Salt Lake City Airport the harrysport departure Las Vegas has filed four thousand four one zero and ten twenty six four or twenty four six and three zero two six zero number zero miss here the beacons uh 20 26 2026 thrust read back plus correct ground point seven protective Good Foot all right thank you two zero two six zero all right there's our clearance so we're gonna finish put that into the FMS and we're ready to go so we got the flight plan all in now this is how we get our performance data so it calculates all our view speeds for us which is really nice we just have to put in the information so we're going to be cruising at 41 000 feet the winds are 219 at 50. put that in here at 41 000 feet we're gonna have five passengers and 200 pounds of cargo let it compute and the current winds here are 150 at 11. it's already got the temperature in there that all looks good and here's our numbers so we're gonna like that and here's RV speeds they also come up this is my controller so that's it color speeds we got our clearance we got our altitude and I'm all done up here we're ready for a flight and the last thing we need is passengers so I'm not going to film any of the startup or the takeoff I'll say that for another video so I'll meet you guys up front at Cruise we'll talk with Tommy a little bit more about this unique operation how we got to this point in our careers all that good stuff so uh we'll catch you guys at Cruise all right guys up here at Cruise G4 unfortunately we left a little later than we were hoping so excuse the darkness up here with Tommy this is the guy that got me introduced to the whole Gulfstream world so shout out this guy and we got the sharpest tell the feet to go by the way so uh we're on our way up right now Cruise LT 37 000 feet got the radisscope out in the whole game right now um honestly I couldn't do half the stuff that I do without it but a lot of people don't realize is that Owen is actually a lot more experience if he has a lot more flight hours than I do and um so when I needed somebody that could fit the bill fly an airplane with no inner uh no uniforms and go around the world and do all the crazy stuff at concerts and you know awesome dinners and meetings I wouldn't want anybody else by my side of these kids in absolute Rockstar I'm so lucky to have him thank you for flying with me this is so rad thanks for having me so speaking of that no uniforms this is a pretty this not your average corporate pilot gig you want to elaborate on how lucky we are to have such an awesome account yeah I mean as far as uh corporate stuff goes this is pretty much a great job I mean as you can see obviously the no uniform thing we were on a really relatively loose schedule when we're going to go somewhere the owner of this airplane calls me asks me what time I would like to leave uh the next day versus you know telling me to be at the airport at a certain time no we don't get shuttled off to the Holiday Inn we stay at you know four and five star resorts with them and again you know all the concerts or other events they have going on we're allowed to take place it's super awesome they're very inclusive so we have a really solid gig and again that's why I couldn't have your typical you know no offense of the golf Street Pilots out there I couldn't have your typical Gulfstream guy out there I need you know young fresh blood that can keep up and hang and oh it does a spectacular job of it cool yeah I know it works out we make a good team up here everybody treats everybody like family so it's a good gig I'm blessed to be here a lot of cool places so uh try and share some of that within the future but uh today we're going to beautiful Salt Lake City should be fun it's gonna be a good one good show tonight Hometown show tonight you guys are gonna love this one we'll catch you guys Consulting to be on the ground um we're running a little late so we're gonna rush to the show oh right Salt Lake City he's doing the pins real quick and we're out of here all right so we're in the car Tommy's My Chauffeur tonight straight through that back door and straight backstage that's how we roll over here thank you [Applause] wow crazy concert Salt Lake City turning up we're here at the after party at the venue I'm underground right now in some green room but uh we're gonna head up

  Top Comments:
  1. @tjgali1111 [605 likes]: I respect you guys so much because you challenge the status quo. You’re dope, I hope to be blessed enough to meet amazing people and to be exposed to the same level of opportunities. This is what aviation should be! Respect
  2. @clifford4081 [1 likes]: Whenever you are destined to do those type of stuff or any stuff, you already have a mind for it..
  3. @MStosek [1 likes]: Time to fire up the g4,  yo.
  4. @nancycunningham4225: Lovely bird, but Gulfstream is consistently top notch.
  5. @Betterthanever164: My first flight when I was young the Captain open the cockpit door and said if you like to have a drink the cooler was right behind the back starbird seat... That was a small one😂 I said thank you and offered him one ❤
  6. @JenniferTella: This would be an awesome job but I wish you guys made more. You do well but not as well as the 121 pilots
  7. @scrubbwhite291: Who the heck is post Malone? Is that someone who has passed recently?
  8. @jimprior5700: He did all the work on the ground and then in flight a guy shows up in the left seat. Surprised at tats. Is that why he is not with a "major".   It does  look like fun  but how's the salary  vs. major carrier?
  9. @Trenton-s4u: Bruh you guys work for fuckin post malone.....? How do I get your job bro?!?! I gotta get my pilots license for sure!!!
  10. @CarpeDiemDose: whats the pay?
  11. @RickLancaster-w2x: Not impressed with you in putting things fast that's where mistakes are made
  12. @lesliepearce-burden7054: I understand the no uniform stuff but all this Broe stuff hummm not sure about that standards exist for a reason, and someone here said they are so dope wtf does that even mean, frankly I would drug test them every day
  13. @chippycharley: to each their own, but no way would i feel comfortable with how unprofessional you both look.
  14. @Danny-fs1hk: This is so cool!!!
  15. @debvonrueden7304: I’m in awe of all pilots, but I’d be terrified if I knew my pilots were drinking at a concert the night before my return flight (if that was the plan). 😮
  16. @Torry-ny4vi: Spectacular job guys keep up the good work
  17. @RoyDimond-l4j: I think Tommy is a Trumpster so I would not use him as a pilot, Poor Judgement!
  18. @rbnhood39: Good lord what a dream job.
  19. @KellyCalkins: Thanks for sharing. It’s really fun to watch.
  20. @KellyCalkins: Postie with the mostie

- Navigating Private Jet Financing - Paul Nolta - JP Morgan - Ironbird Private Jet Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en hi this is Dan Harris and welcome to the ironbird podcast on today's episode we have Paul NTA he's a managing director at JP Morgan Private Bank he and his team focused on aircraft financing today's episode we dive into the details of the Fed rate cut and what it means to aircraft financing we have some comparisons to today's market to the 20072 2008 market and we go into details of what JP Morgan is looking at when they're looking to finance aircraft on the good and bad side I had a great conversation with Paul I hope you enjoyed as well all right we we'll jump right into I think it's an interesting topic it's with the looming federal funds rate Cuts you know what have you seen with rate Cuts how does that affect the financial markets when it comes to borrowing for aircraft financing yeah uh well you know JP Morgan's View and pretty much the market then is 100 base points between now and the end of the year September 16th 18th I think first drop probably 50 base points with another 50 or 252 we're not sure the but they' definitely signal that they're they're moving downward so a lot of that already gets baked into you know the treasuries and baked into the cost of funds going forward so you know unless you're floating a lot of guys went floating right you know you're going to see that drip down 50 bips 100 BS you're going to get the benefit of that but if you're looking to lock into a raate right now it's probably already been baked into the cost of funds yeah you know maybe a little bit of a of a Delta if you go farther out 5 seven years which is sometimes where you want to be on an aircraft financing but most of the time you're are going to see it baked in now now you know as the year progresses the elections and it's funny a lot of people want to look to the elections like what's that going to do the market what's going to happen and we've got all sorts of data that the market really kind of looks through that nothing right you know it's kind of interesting that you would think same thing with Wars when Ukraine and Russia thing broke out people like oh my God how's the market going to react unless it's oilbased or oil focused it really doesn't so you know that's another discussion I guess tactical if you want to make trades within the market and do some kind of a trump trade was being talked about things like that but really when it comes to financing a lot of it's already been baked in yeah how does I guess then that there isn't much of that trickle down then when these rate Cuts happen there's it's it's not a delay between the cuts and the the different no because the Market's already going to anticipate what the yield curve looks like you can look at the yield curve that tells you what the Market's pricing in you know and it's now as far as activity in the space I think they maybe get some people off the off the bench right I mean you know financing a prime plus your shoe size as they say gets little expensive so nobody likes an 8% handle right when not that long ago we're talking 4% kind of Allin yeah so I think that gets people it just it it's going to breed activity I mean it's going to breed private Equity activity which obviously kind of goes hand inand a lot with the aircraft space it's going to hopefully breed some activity in the market and that's a direct correlation obviously people Market does well aircraft sales are up I mean it's one to one almost uh when you see that this episode is brought to you by video valet if you care about having the best inflight experience on your private flights video valet offers up to 1.2 million movies shows magazines and newspapers all available on board without the need of expensive Wi-Fi or Hardware Eric and his team at video valet deliver fully customized iPads to ensure that your preferences are met on every single flight whether providing my kids with their favorite shows or allowing me and my wife to catch up on breaking news I personally could never travel without it again video valet is offering a special promotion to ironbird podcast listeners mention ironbird and video valet will add one free fully personalized iPad at no additional cost now to the iron bird podcast do are you structuring deals differently when the rates are kind of on the way down versus on the way up no not so much I mean it's always a pass through for us right uh there's always a credit spread cost of funds is going to move so the clients get the benefit of that the Delta what their all-in rate is is truly the credit risk on the deal so that's going to be on a per client basis what's the balance sheet look like what's the structure of the deal uh comfortable with repayment all that that kind of goes with it so that Delta you're going to see depends on each client what have you seen historically say you want to compare this to you other markets that are now on the downward Trend how long have you seen that downward Trend move so if I know you don't want to try and catch that dropping knife right but historically what have you seen of the length of the downward Trend before you start to see maybe these values come back up yeah I mean the biggest one was 0708 right I mean we we we talked about that just a little bit I mean just to kind of give you context of what was going on back then I mean when we were doing aircraft deals back then you would do it was not unlikely do 110% of the cost of the airplane I mean you look back now like it seems like a bubble it's like DB thing you could ever do $4 million jet you're giving the guy $45 million basically but if you want to finance Jets that's kind of where you had to be so it got to that point and then one step further other institutions started doing we never got there doing non-recourse a lot of real estate guys hold their companies hold their Assets in LLC if things go sideways they throw the keys back and that's it we never got there that that's when you knew the end was coming and and and and on top of that what really fueled that then I had a client who was in on a g 5 you had a 4-year build out keep in mind so so the inventory was tough you put your $10 million down we'll call you in four years when it delivers you know we're call you in two years he we put the wings on you ow another 10 million whatever so you had so much liquidity and it was Russia was the big thing that Russia would come in I had a client they said was 40 million in on a on a G5 but it only had put down 15 million somebody came in it it wasn't it was actually a us-based guy movie guy came in offered him 30 million upside so this guy made $30 million just giving his place out of line cuz he was the next guy up wow was there was these green deliveries were coming in so that's when GF stream and all the ones said you can't sell your place in line because they're canalizing their sales so people are forming llc's to hold the the purchase agreement then they sell the LLC all that stuff was going on right so world came to an end then it's a long way to get to your question everything got so inflated because people didn't want to wait so stuff that never should have been selling for what it was selling for on the used Market was just getting inflated so when the music stopped and the world came to an end you had all this inventory that just had to somebody had to take a hit on yep and it wasn't just the new stuff it was the five sixy old stuff that people you know hey I got money I want to buy a plane I don't want to wait four years what's on the market that one sounds good what I have to pay okay offer 20% more yeah so I mean and and so to answer your question the that was hopefully the last time we ever see something like that but that was probably an 8-year cycle before we burned through all that inent and got through it all the white taals that were out there that just couldn't get sold so you know uh it aircraft is well what you also saw as a result of that too was the leasing you don't see many institutions doing true leases anymore where at the N five years you can throw back the keys and say you know here's your plane back used to be a great model last stions did well you know you you put a residual at 10% you're able to sell for 20% that juices your return pretty good but just not many people take that risk any yeah well I I've seen clients when they're considering fractional providers netjets flexjet they I've seen some people shy away from the actual fractional purchase and more into the lease because there's just such a big question mark on what that value will be at the end of your term yeah no that's really what you're doing on the lease it's who's going to take the end end risk yep and Banks got away from it you still do it I think banks pulled too far away yeah and there's probably a middle ground yeah I mean for JP Morgan I know our response was there was certain we really got tight we just said look anything outside of this time frame we're not going to do it's got to be less than five years it's got to be this this and this and I I think that sometimes gets you get a little too conservative on that and it's swung a little bit too much the other way so there are some opportunities now but you got to be careful but did no to your point and it's like who wants to take the risk of this and there is also the other piece of it do you need the depreciation that's cuz Economics work out better if you're in a position where you don't need the appreciation you can give the depreciation to somebody who needs it and return for a lower rate so there's always that factor but yeah nobody wants to get stuck with a 15-year-old jet do you think that you know the ramp up to covid was so fast and and values climb so fast where the you know the 0708 you know ramp down was a was a longer tail that eight years taale do you see this potentially maybe a shorter tail this this ramp down yeah cuz I think there's guys making more meaningful money right I think there was a lot of guys that were faking it you know and and it was all built on a house of cards and we saw that once again the music stopped so I I think yeah there's definitely you know more guys that are actually with with the Venture Capital which is where I see a lot of it a I see a lot of private Equity guys yep makes up a big part of my clientele and and and they think and you know George rice and Joe Parker I you had Joe on the podcast before and he's great at bizjet because a lot of these guys say hey I just made $30 million I'm going to go buy a jet and offet all this with the depreciation it's going to be great going to be and Charter and Charter this is I'm actually going to make money on this and Joe has to give him a little bit of come to Jesus like okay wait it doesn't work that way you got to make sure you dot all your eyes and cross all your teeth so there's some of that you know going on that that maybe it's inflating it like as a way to really kind of cover some depreciation or cover some gains but I don't think we're going to see like an 0708 because it was just too infiltrated well there's there was definitely the way I saw it and as the charter Market got super hot it made a lot you could you could make a business out of buying an airplane financing an airplane and still having money left over which is tough very difficult to do yeah but with Charter rates on the way down Charter Demand on the way down which is driving rates on the way down now those numbers get a lot more difficult especially if you were financing the airplane as as the back half of covid as those rates started to creep up when you're financing the airplane at 5 6% it's a lot different than those 3 or 4% financing numbers yep I'm expecting those airplanes to eventually get to a point where the rates aren't going to sustain what it cost to operate that airplane they have to move those airplanes back into the used market and then that's going to push more inventory up push pricing down and then eventually that flips right as the inventory comes up the pricing gets down to a point at least from the charter side yeah that the pricing will get down to a point where okay I can now purchase this airplane in the charter Market rates can almost sustain a a profitable Marg starts over again exactly Y and then it kind of boo but I'm wondering if it was you know an 8year cycle before maybe this is closer to a three or four year cycle we'll see these this kind of Swing but you you never really know right no and a lot of it you know is Fiel it's your point it's the same thing with the charter it's the same thing with the on the private Equity side where where the cost of funds come low enough well then the deal now makes sense to purchase for x amount your cost of funds are this and therefore you can still make money and hopefully flip this thing in four or five years yeah it's the same dynamic so I I I think with the trend is going to help things out I mean the biggest concern I think you saw in the market about 3 weeks ago when it things went sideways quickly for a couple days because we got an inflation print that was good yeah but the other print we got was an unemployment print that was kind of creeping up so people thought and this is the biggest concern it's been the biggest concern the last two years did the FED miss the soft landing and are we in a tail spin and this is just the first indication that no matter what they do we're already spinning right I think cooler H heads prevailed on that but to to to your to your point I think you're going to see the the the lower rates as as things get down it's just going to fuel everything that much better yeah private e mar gets better the stock market should get a little bit better and then I think you know with that becomes you know things start making sense for people again yeah in the end if if you need an airplane right you're going you're going to buy an airplane and once you do you're not going back to 23f you know once you go private you're not going back to 14d and and yeah could you wait 6 months a year yeah and and prices might be better yes but you're not going to have an airplane yeah you're going to be yeah either flying Charter or another solution when if you want an airplane you know you just buy that airplane those values are although they go up or down mostly down they're going to even out in the long run so it's if if you need that airplane and another big thing we see is that end of the year tax push right yeah from your perspective when you are setting up financing for purchases how much lead time should people look at before they get to that end the tax push to try and sneak that deal in before the end of year no it's a great question and and you always say it's the Flaming chicken right you never want to get the Flaming Chicken in your lab you're like what do I do with this and it's too late and you're trying to help a client I think one hopefully they've got a relationship with institution that can handle this kind of financing and and knows how to do it and we've turned deals as quickly as 30 days I me there's certain things with the pre- buby and stuff that you kind of they have to go through their their process but um usually within 45 days it's if everyone's motivated I think you can easily get that done I mean the biggest thing I always hear is you know people talk about uh do you have Aviation Council like no you know what I get my real estate guy he's really good he's been with me just like oh my God this is going to go sideways yeah right so you got to have the whole team aligned and you really need true Aviation Council and I know it can get expensive and people want to do it as quickly as possible but that really helps the deal flow better so I would 45 days and 60 days is probably always good yeah so you got to get your tax planning done pretty soon to to hopefully not that big tax bill exactly going back to inventory levels with G stream hoping to deliver 50 g700s here in Q4 yeah per your report yeah uh what do you think that's going to do to some of these other inventory and pricing levels to the 650s to the G550 of of theoretically people most people tend to stay within the same manufacturer especially when buying new yeah um you know how how much you think that affects some of these inventory levels and and how bad is that going to hurt pricing on some of these airplanes I remember when the 650 came out years ago and everybody was you know falling over themselves to get to the 650 but then some guys took the approach which I kind of like I think you see not any differently than a new car let's let's see what this thing does you know I'm always shocked it's funny because I'm I'm not you know I finance them but I'm not an aircraft geek by any means and I'm not one of those guys that can sit on the tarmac and point out what serial number that is and tail numbers and stuff but and I always am a surprised that it's just so Niche oriented like the 700 to 650 it's like is there really that much of a a different client base that needs that much more range or yeah but there is you know so so I I I it's not like people yeah you get a few guys that saying hey the 700's coming out maybe I'm G to hold off on the 650 because that's the newer Shiner thing you got those guys always want the newer Shiner thing then you got guys that just need left and this is their flight profile and this is how many people they're going to be taking and the 650 does the job and that's fine so yeah it it'll be interesting to see I mean I've seen I've walked through it it it's meaningful I mean it it's it's a big boy plane not that the 650 is not but you it has presence there's no doubt about it you know um I think that's going to appeal to a lot of people but I don't think you know the problem again I go back to 0607 just because it were 708 just because it was so painful it was just it was the long wait it was just we had such an so much money chasing too few Jets and to get that new jet was a 4year weight and I think that's kind of balanced out now it's one to two years so it takes a little bit of the pressure off so I don't think we're going to see to answer your question I don't think we're going to see that that run up too bad okay now with a lot of different financial institutions that are offering lending opportunities yeah yeah how should a borrower approach that process of figuring out what the best you know institution or or or person to you know help me purchase this airplane how would you suggest someone approaches that well it's it's I I think it's a good question I mean there's a lot of things out there the there's different approaches you kind of get into the nitty-gritty I I can speak to way to how JP Morgan does it a lot of you know a lot of folks think hey I'll need a 20y year amort right it's a $20 plane I want to do a fiveyear deal you're always going to be a five or seven right that's pretty much Market yeah and like I said we're talking loans we're not talking leases because that's pretty much 90% of what's getting done right now but a 5 seveny year deal they want a 20-y year amward so we kind of work it up differently they gives you a 20 year am at 5 years gives you a certain kind of balloon whatever that balloon is how we approach it is we'd look to what's the Vintage of the aircraft how many hours we project out what we think the value of that plane's going to be in 5 years and then that back fills whatever the amorz is so if it's a$2 milon jet in 5 years we think it's going to be worth 14 that's your balloon y we kind of ignore the amortization that's kind of amortization is what it is but we're going based more on the value and then back into it so that's one thing then then then some banks have gone whatever the amortization is but they want a true up every year so the true up meaning you got to keep us within a 80% fair market value every year of the of the aircraft of the aircraft so we're going to get it audited at at the bank's discretion so maybe they feel comfortable and don't want to waste of time they know whe they're okay or the credit's fine but they have the they have the right to get it appraised every year and if you come in at 75% you got to shore up that 5% again to 80 interesting so that's something you want to think and look look into and there's another institution out there offering the 60/40 you know uh non-recourse you put 40% down they'll Finance 60% of it and you get it non recourse things go sideways you can throw the keys to it and and that's it sometimes that appeals to people but that also has tax consequences because you can't get 100% depreciation you can only get depreciation what your what skin in the game that you have interesting so there's it's it's really kind of the the dels in the details on some of that I mean from a 30,000 foot view everyone kind of looks the same again it's a 5 seven-year deal it's a balloon balloon's going to affect your payment so obviously that's important to people it it is hard as much as we try to non-c commoditize lending on that right everyone's money is just as green everybody else's so it really comes down to execution who has expertise is to get this done that's huge and then uh you know rate obviously you're never going to get around that but you may want to look to pay another 25 30 basis points if it's if it's you know you got shity of EX ution Y and uh and and the third part of it is uh you know what's that payment look like the payments really going to be driven by the balloon what's when someone's looking at five to seven MH what's that decision process is it just come down to payment amount payment amount some guys maybe you know they try to think of how long going to be in this aircraft right and some and that's why some guys truly like leasing too it's not any different than a car they want something new every 3 to five years yeah um but yeah it's is this going to get me where I want to go what's the what's the OEM coming out with in five years is this going to bridge me to the next new shiny thing um what about guys after five years to say you know what I really like this airplane they go and just refinance it what would they do most of the time they do they have to I mean they got a balloon that they're on the hook for so they we come to them obviously six months ahead of time so okay what are you thinking you know this $10 million loans is now $5 million coming do yeah what do you want to do and hope they were in a position and in the bank and that kind of goes back to our previous topic there too make sure that you got people that understand this business last thing you want is a guy in 5 years you got to refine they say sorry we're we're out of this business you need to go find a home with this thing yeah I mean the idea is hopefully your aircraft guys is your aircraft guy and they're kind of giving you good guidance and good advice but yeah you know and and that's all going to be value driven you know hopefully at the end of five years an example we're talking about whatever the balloon might be hopefully that plane supports it uh we're in a lease that would be the bank's problem but in a loan that's that's the client's issue they got to make that good when clients are looking at choosing a financial partner going you know direct to an institution versus maybe a broker where do you see the pros and cons to the different approaches I think it's it's really do you have a relationship and I I'll be honest we we you know if a guy's buying a $40 million Jet and he's not a client of JP Morgan it's probably something we really want to get to know but is that something we're going to jump into and lead with our balance sheet probably not yeah uh that's just hard so I think if you've got an established relationship and I would just I would advise people if you are looking at that kind of an aircraft you probably are dealing with a significant Finance institution that can entertain this for you it's always best to go direct and give you advice on that uh you know the broker model it comes back to execution you know and there's other things too we talked a little bit about you know documentation are they Outsourcing their documentation to somebody else cuz you're going to pay that cost you know for JP Morgan I can speak to we got in-house documents it's in-house Council it's kind of standard documents we'll negotiate a little bit on that but usually it's pretty straightforward and and that saves time and money as well now does do you often see the Brokers on a different segment of the market maybe the under five million type of segment yeah and is that just because institutions like JP Morgan usually are focusing on like larger segments and and what segments do you think you know what do you see JP Morgan as you know focusing on in the space yeah really it's it's a service we provide to our clients right I know other institutions have an aircraft group and they've got to grow that aircraft group it's a stand loone business so I think that affects how far down you'll go down Market I mean we still have our preferences of Manufacturers and and and years and models you know we don't we're not as strict as we were when when everything went sideways but we're starting to expand that a little bit but we still have a little bit of that discipline in there so but to answer your question yeah 5 million and less it's it's just a much more well there's just more there yeah there's more deals to be found there's more institutions that will do that on a oneoff so you see usually a lot more work though to confirm values are probably a lot tougher when you're looking at a 5-year-old Gulfstream you pretty much know the values that's if we get a team that's exactly what they do that's how we throw our balloon to your point we know how is this plane reacted you know how is it kept its value over x amount of years and from that we can usually project out pretty well but but when you're looking at 25 30-year-old airplanes there's a lot of things you can find in those airplanes or they they've potentially been at different owners different countries different books so a lot more questions in that space in the maintenance program on we do we talked a little bit about that I mean we do kind of require that we require that the planes be on a on a maintenance program that they pay into that so if there is a time where we have to take it back we know at least the aircraft's been taken care for it just lowers the risk from a financial institution ex exactly we do not we want me the business of owning aircraft that's for sure it's interesting because I've got a lot of people that are in the business of owning airplanes to be profitable and a lot of them see that you know from a financial standpoint they $5 million or less airplane yeah um that they can run 600 plus hours a year that are not on engine programs they're basically going to run this airplane the wheels fall off till the wheels fall off and then they'll they'll part it out and then they'll do they'll buy another one and they'll do this again and they can make a business out of that that's probably not the the business JP Morgan wants to be exactly not that's not profitable it's just it's it's we're just probably too big to to do that and again we're here damn more for the to to serve our clients or our clients AR asking for that so we're we're obviously not going to engage on that but there is I mean there's definitely a place for it how often you seeing clients move away from their main financial institution to get aircraft financing yeah that's a good question sometimes you know it's some they just don't have it right M and and and so you kind of have to go outside uh but most of them do not all of them do it as well as I think certain ones there's probably two or three in my mind that kind of are good on the Ed on on the execution of it but a lot of them will try to do it like in a non-aircraft way so if if an individual has you know $50 million with a company you could always margin that probably cheaper than you can on an aircraft you don't have to worry about taking a lean on the aircraft you maybe do it as a uh abundance of caution as they call it but you're really you're Comfort it's a lot quicker that way too so a lot of them will try to steer it that way say look you've got 50 million with us you want to buy a $20 million jet we get it let's get you an advance against your line of get your line of credit against your assets you know but then you know you got it's not always the best thing to do because you always want to line up long-term assets with long-term liabilities and there you got a A short-term liability with a long-term assets so you know Margin Call it's kind of hard to liquidate a jet to make up on your Margin Call so yeah but people will do that getting enticed by the price it is significantly cheaper significantly easier so I think that appeals to them that that's where people try to I think put a round Peg and a square hole if they don't have a aircraft team I'm assuming they do it at larger percentages of the value of the asset versus value of your total assets try and look to minimize that as much as possible you talked about engine programs as one of the things that JP Morgan requires when they're financing airplanes what are some of the other things that are requirements that you find in deals that hey here's here's some of the things we have to have or we're looking for when we're looking at to finance airpl yeah it's you know this kind of the cookie cutter stuff you're going to limit hours to a degree I mean they get more again on a lease it's obviously much more crucial uh but you know hours like to see a 250 to 300 we don't particularly like Charter we'll limit Charter uh smart yeah I mean we because we just that's more of a business you know what I mean it's not an add-on to a client if it's a charter business that's great there's a space for that but then we just don't lend into that space cuz again on the private bank side it's twoo late individuals who we're going for um but in in out of the country usage can sometimes get a little bit uh you know I was talking to a friend of mine who on the commercial jet side uh with jet capital and um he was talking about all the Russian planes they got over there that they ain't getting back really and that's that's a whole you know the insurance game on that whole thing that that's exactly why you you limit stuff going to outside the country now can you control it you know no yeah but you you don't have much of a hammer really you they always say all these covs you put in place it's always going to be payment default you're not going to go in front of a Jud say why are we here well because he flew it more than 300 hours like were you getting paid yeah he's getting paid well then what are you doing here right so it's all those covenants do is just kind of get you back to the table say hey look this isn't what we agreed to let's let renegotiate yeah exactly what are some of the other things that when you're customizing you know your financial structures for for these loans or leases what are what are the the levers that you tend to kind of move around to to try and structure the deal correctly for clients yeah there's a lot of different things I mean if if there's a if there's a shortfall you know maybe on the collateral side of it we need to bridge something you know we could always do hey we just got to have visibility that you have X amount with us and you we don't take a lean on that but we just want to maybe be able to see that see that you have the capability so that's one way yeah without and that goes back to relationship which goes back to you want to deal with institution that knows you that you truly have a relationship for I know it's easy to make these things into a commodity but and you know the analogy is always your mortgage if you really like your mortgage guy you're going to pay 30 bips more it's like no you're going to do your mortgage you're going to put on the shelf and and not think about it but uh but there's little things on the aircraft space like that that people can kind of work with you uh and that we see a lot of just we want sure you maintain liquidity is the biggest thing on us because we're we're again dealing with Toole individuals have you started relationships where someone came from outside the bank had a had a great process with you and your team and then move more funds into the bank yeah I mean that's a great one right when when when when you try to show people kind of the value ad you can bring to the table and you get to execute and trust me we we've had one where we dropped the ball it's gone the other way unfortunately but yeah I mean ideally that's what you want to do is show people kind of what you can do what institution can do and that's not make it a commercial for JP Morgan but that's where we're very good at at at what we do is handling very high net worth individuals and kind of deal with them on all fronts I mean people like to look at me like oh you're just a money man no no no we we handle all you know I'm the one who gets the phone call when the guy's in Italy and the plane's not working or whatever's going on you know what I mean so it's it's it's a lot more than than just that one of the things when we talked about kind of the the the things that JP Morgan looking at when airplanes you talked about international travel but what about purchasing International airpl yeah we do have a piece I I I we have a group outside that looks at that um because that's a unique animal obviously yeah uh for registration and everything like that I mean I know here if it's not enregistered we're going to we're going to have some pause but yeah we're very active you know very active on the international side there's another group that kind of runs that and that's a little bit more Consolidated I think in London uh is where a lot of that's housed um any places you when you see someone brings you an airplane from this country you're like well yeah there's some of the obvious ones right some in the Middle East are are kind of right now just give us pause and not from political perspective it's just well how do you get how do you get comfortable that you TR have a have a good you good lean on the aircraft that's always the biggest thing it's like is it a country that we can take a lean on it we get access to it if things go sideways and that's usually again it's not a political thing it's it's more just the infrastructure is not can I come take this airplane right if we show up St eight like the Russ example right these are this is my airplane nothing you can do yeah so that's the only thing is just making sure that we can get access to it Weil is when you're looking at mitigating risk is that the biggest risk what are some of the other risks that that one you need to go and if something happens with a loan yeah you need to take this airplane back can you do that what are some of the other risks that you see when when you're looking at deals that say oh this has too much risk involved in it yeah I mean we're always going to look at things as a and again asset total assets to yeah we're always going to get from prepayment right taking the airplane is always secondary form of repayment we try to always just do the underwriting the due diligence on the individuals does he have the the the capability do we have the relationship and do we have the visibility that he's going to be able to pay this down over the next five seven years right that's first and foremost second when it comes to the airplane I mean the the biggest thing you have with it is uh is is probably maintenance or taking care of it right that's the last thing when things get tight that's the last thing they're going to spend money on unless they have to right um you know the one difference everyone says would you do Ys do you do boats and I'm like well no and the reason we don't that airplanes have that boats stone is you got to register everything for flights and what not you can put a boat in the middle of the Pacific means you're going sideways and then say I'll negotiate with I'll tell you where your boat is but let's work out a new deal you know and and so that's that's really the biggest thing so it it's always got to be cash flow first and again they have that one group that's 6040 that I mentioned to you that they'll do that loan that they figure okay if we got 40% equity in this thing it goes sideways we almost would want it back CU we could probably sell it for more yeah and that's a play that's yeah kind of goes back to the leasing aspect there's there's a room in there somewhere right but yeah I I would say first and foremost is just is cash flow repayment second is looking at the plane is our biggest risk and and just trying to tighten that up as much as we can on the maintenance side on the on the charter usage on the hours in general right you don't okay tells you you can't he tells you 50 hours and if he's running it hard but that's why some to get off that they back to when we first started talking the shore up thing so if you're really going to run it hard and it's got hours on it we're going to know that in a year the Val going to drop and you're going to make up that difference anyways so that that's the way people have gotten around it are you so are you guys keeping an eye like tracking these airplanes as they're flying every year or is this like end of the year you kind of take a look at all right what did this based on this loan or the end of the first year of the loan let me take a look at this what this airplane actually did yeah it's more that it's it's more like okay again it'll probably be driven by the risk rating of the individual did he get notched down and that's truly where the review comes from we're going to review Bob Smith every year to renew his line or whatever we're just kind of looking at things like okay Bob's no longer a four he's now a five okay let's not circle the wagons but let's just do a check how's that airplane do we have value on that thing is that thing exactly go through the checklist and make sure things are still on on on so we we don't look at it that much and and we haven't really you know we we'll bring it out if it's if we need to I know some institutions as far as that Shore up that's kind of the standard because they don't want to get caught that's an' 08 hangover right like we're not going their pants down exactly so we don't typically use that we may bring that out if a client wants something and that okay that's going to give us more risk over here but we can short It Up by doing this so um so we don't have a system in place where we're looking at those but we keep an eye just like you know the business chip monthly that we have we got guys that are just constantly looking at so if we see an aircraft just take a hit for whatever reason we'll go through the inventory and just make sure that we don't have issues yeah the the 450 was one of those airplanes that took a little bit of a hit this year where a situation where you had a couple people that had to get out drove down that cost exactly um is that you look at that you're like oh man this this Market's really moving down I got to take a look at all my other 450s keep in mind too when it's a loan you're on the hook anyway there not much you can do if the guy's paying you okay you can set up a yellow flag but unless you you know you can't go to m I think we're upside down it's like okay well that's not my problem you know I'm making payments and I'll make the payments up till year five and then we'll talk you know and then I'll sell the airplane for whatever it's worth or exactly I'll make up a difference then or maybe it comes back I got two more years you know I mean banks are always going to be concerned about that but what's the document say you know what kind of Leverage do you have um but sometimes you also just want to let him know or hey look looks like you're playing you know and some know some don't right some guys are into it and they love it other guys it's like hey this is my tool that gets me from A to B and it's cost what it cost it cost what it cost and you know I'm not looking to make an upside on this it's it's it's a depreciating asset I mean that's the crazy thing the mindset I mean now we're back to the point and you you you mentioned it quickly Dan too that you know it's an asset that depreciates I mean for a while there it was like buy one and hold on to it and you're going to sell it 3 years later you're going to make 20% it's like again that's the first sign of a bubble right when you start telling those stories you look back like how do we not see that coming yeah which will never it won't happen again for 20 40 years I who knows right when the next perfect Storm's going to happen I think banks are in a better position uh they're well capitalized uh you know in the aircraft it was just kind of a Confluence of a lot of things which but it's crazy because airplanes have been the inv total inventory levels of airplanes have been going up right just like airplanes are are operating longer than they ever have so there and there's they consistently are putting out new airplanes so the total inventory levels are going up cuz people are utilizing them so theoretically like that should shouldn't happen where these airplanes are appreciating because the inventory is just continuously going up exactly where it's it's not shrinking although it's still you know the inventory levels are still somewhat tight in some markets right yep but I think he had a lot of new money had a lot of Russian oligarchies going back and like I said it truly was the Confluence of a lot of different things and you know you can make the argument again too with you know a lot of the private Equity guys that that's the I don't know I mean you could talk to a lot of the Brokers and they would probably have a broader view of where they're getting it from or where they're seeing their deals but I I think they would Echo the same thing and so private Equity is our biggest vertical when it comes to Charter flying as well and I think that mirrors pretty much cuz private Equity it was it was real estate was a big one but right now they're they're getting beat up a little bit so I've had a lot of people that are in the commercial space or the development space that are kind of pulling back a little bit and actually they were I had I had one client that was pretty close to signing uh a netjets um and he didn't end up doing it this was about a year and a half ago he's probably pretty happy now that he didn't because he'd have you know he'd be a year and a half into a five-year contract exactly you know not utilizing an airplane right now he pretty much went from flying 80 hours a year to to 20 yeah so that would have been that's actually one of the downsides of signing those longer term contracts I guess buying an airplane too at least when you buy an airplane you can you can sell it yeah and hopefully come out okay with it right ex tough to sell a netjet fraction yeah um some of the in in the financial markets what are some of the trends you're seeing recently that you think you know people that are looking to buy an airplane over the next year should be kind of in tune to as far as just the financial markets in general like what's going on I mean like we we talked about there's no doubt the market goes up jet sales go up people feel wealthier and and you know they think the part's never going to end um you know that that's always gives you a little bit of pause um it's funny there's such a direct tight correlation I mean when when the markets took the blip like it was silent right everyone's like I need to pull back and now with this quick recovery it's like everyone's flying again they forget a month ago what exactly and you get more guys that forget you know the 0708 time which which that that kind of you know that that uh curbs Behavior as well kind of what's your experiences have been and a lot of guys didn't you know that was a bad experience and so a lot of them don't want to go back into that I think they've learned their lesson they're never going to own a plane again because it was just a bad experience from that so you got those guys but you're always I mean the indicator is always the market if the Market's ripping and it's doing well it it just it has such a a domino effect on so many different things that you're always going to have it and in a way thank God I mean that's what keeps planes going and keeps Money In Motion which is what I need is what you need and that's that's all you're looking to get done just be a part of that in a volatile Market what are people what should people be doing with regards to financing should they try and lengthen should they shorten what are some of the strategies in a tougher Market it's yeah you know I'd give advice to clients right now if you can if you can stomach it with a trend going downward you know to float it yeah float for a little while cuz I I think you're going to be cheaper now than you are you know or put some optionality in there where you can refy or reprice any a year there's always there's always that and hopefully their Bankers tell them about that you know because instead of them waiting for the the numbers to go down here in six months just float just write it down you if you got that there's so many different things that go into consideration right how good of a deal is it on the plane you know do you does it make sense that's where again we could advise clients sometimes you get a good deal you get liquidity on your line against your marginal loan buy that let's take it down get off the street not like a house yeah let's get it off the street and then we'll put more permanent financing down the road wherever makes sense um so right now I'm advising clients you know both on the investment side let's get into duration let's lock in longer on fixed income to where we can because you're going to see rates aren't going to be around for a while again as the FED starts this trend downward so on the liability side let's weight it out let's float that down but on the asset side let's lock into that year yield and get some of that income now so you think it might be a great time to to find a good airplane at a good price I think so I think so because I think again it it's it's out of it's ever going to get down to the crazy it was you know and everyone benefited from that if you owned a home everyone's got a 3% mortgage now but uh I I think it's going to start making sense definitely going to start making sense you know it's like a home right I'm sure even these things are millions of dollars on these aircraft but like a client told me once he never bought a home he could afford there's some truth to that right same with an aircraft you get into that and then I think it's a good time to take that bet at least to say God it's going to be tight yeah it might be tight for six months yeah but it's only going to get better it's only going to get better in the next couple years you know this is Paul NTA talking not JP Morgan or we get sued but I'm just saying that that that's the that's the way I think the trend's going for people that want to engage you know JP Morgan and yourself what's how do you how do you start that conversation is it hey I've got this airplane or is it hey I'm thinking about doing this yeah a lot of it's that and I try to stay plugged into like we talked about a little bit you know it's a small world you know and I I try to just keep the dialogue going with some of the oems some of the Brokers uh because I just want to know activity just like they want to know activity right I mean selfishly oems don't care where they finance it but they just want to know if there's a client that's maybe looking at getting a new plane right so maybe I can help them with that information or just give my heads up and there's terrible data of what deals are happening at what price incredible there's no League table for who did the most corporate aircraft there's not and and so of them are done just with clients that never make never make it out but you just that's where I always find it's still just staying plugged into that network of and and you know we do the Business Jet monthly I send that out every month to 40 or 50 people how where do where do you get the data from so that's from the investment bank so I can't take credit for either it's good information or bad information but it's it's a lot of information so if it was good it was from you if it was bad it was them turn it on those kid I've had some people call me this is wrong I'm like well I don't know what to tell you I just forwarded it to you so I'll pass on the Investment Bank so we do have a group that just follows the OEM so they generate that kind of data yeah and you know anybody listen happy to share that with them if they can contact me and add them to the list it's good information it's again it is such a small Network it it's you just flow of information to answer your question is really kind of where I get most them and a lot of it is through Bankers that I know they may be calling guys selling this company he's coming in some money he wants to buy a jet can you help him walk through this yeah the first thing I do is I call bizjet and CPA make sure this guy does this r or understands what he's getting into because a lot of guys get to step nine like oh my God this is really expensive well they they they look at you know that the they they've got 50 million bucks or 100 million or more and they say all right I'm going to put 10 million I'm going to buy this airplane but that 10 million that's not it no a lot to your point and as they peel that back they're like oh this is expensive yeah it's and and it's tough because you've got people on the broker side and there's a lot of great Brokers out there but there's plenty of not great Brokers right I think that's probably one of the biggest question marks and probably one of a really important decision is finding that great broker along with a financial partner a CPA an attorney that that won't tell you the real details of what it cost espe like I've seen airplane operators fudge the numbers a little bit but I think whole aircraft Brokers are probably the worst because once the airplane sold they don't even have to deal with it anymore at least the operator has to send you a bill every month and collect yeah the the whole aircraft broker is just like it's the operator's problem now yeah no I totally agree a lot of people don't consider that you know and obviously you know it's like they say you have to ask about the gas you can't afford the Ferrari but still it it is shocking I think to a lot of people and and you know then then they kind of get some backend okay do I want to own do I want a charter yeah you know that's when that kind of decision Matrix starts to kind of clear housing I mean look at you know with with ACI and Kay Lacy taking over in sanana I mean there's limited spots so you know that's the other thing do you want to send it to Long Beach and then you're going to Deb it into Santa an get picked up I mean just like yeah guys like I just want to fight to as but I didn't want another headache I know you have to make all these other decisions or and then that's where fractional becomes so great it removes all those decisions and those headaches and everything says you got something they're waiting for you're going to pay a premium for it but but it's interesting I based on this conversation I feel I feel like I should start that leasing a leasing company because there seems to be a small Gap in the market there and there's I'm not saying I'm not saying there isn't leasing out there there's a few that do it but but they're big those are the big those are big and the fewer that they're that do it the more the less aggressive I should say they can be on the residual because where else they going to go I mean it was a it's a great model again you throw a dart you think that one you're still getting making interest off you know the $20 million jet down to a $10 million residual you're making interest on that 10 million pay you but if you can take that $10 million and sell it for 12 that's 2 million to your bottom line you run those numbers that juices your returns from 6% to God knows what yeah so I think there's a place there but it's just once you take hit on that stuff and you have to explain that up in command like wait why are we taking a $40 million hit and they're big numbers and big assets that's and you know again not to go back to 08 and and when the world came to an end but I me there was one major institution that they had a big lease portfolio and and they should have been writing down their their residual values because they knew they couldn't get that but I think the reaction was what if let's keep them leased short-term leases and then finally the FED came in and say you guys aren't a true operating company you need to write these things down to what they are you're not an operator of aircraft yeah you lease aircraft but you're not an operator company and so they finally had to take a hit to 27300 million and that's and then how do you explain that up the chart to a guy you know heading up a major Bank he's like wait why am I taking this hit what this group to yeah who was this why didn't they write this down before yeah and it's and it's you know it's a tough tough discussion to have and so people shy away from it but like like we talked about the Cycles will come back people will realiz like we're talking about like man why is anybody doing leasing yeah let's get into Leasing and 5 years later you got a Feeding Frenzy and residuals are crazy and maybe start taking hits I'll start with like a Pilatus start start with a Pilatus so anyone that that needs 50 to 100 hours on a Pilatus we'll start we'll start sell I'm telling you making a 5year deal and flip them sounds like a great idea I would love listen personally I would love a Pilatus cuz I it hits all my exactly it hits I go family Napa and Tahoe and I can fly out of Santa Monica perfect can Finance it for it we'll be set Paul um people that are interested in JP Morgan and financing what's the best way to get in contact with you uh probably you know just hit my email is always easy it's just paul. l.n NTA so paul. l.n jpmorgan.com so if you have interest to in this My Business Jet monthly that I talk about I say it's mine it's not mine but it's the institution puts it out I'd be happy to put people on the list and see what I can do to help awesome and 45 to 60 days before you want to buy yeah don't give me the Flaming chicken in the lap don't call me say fing playing next week that's that's not going to get done it's not going to be a good experience fantastic Paul thanks for coming out really appreciate appreciate hi it's Dan Harris I want to thank you for listening to the iron bird podcast if you want to get in touch with Paul or anyone at JP Morgan or anyone here at ironbird you can always contact us at flyfly iron bird.com or go to our website flyon bird.com I really hope you enjoyed this conversation as much as I did and if you're interested in leasing an airplane you might have to contact me we'll start a company thanks bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bernoulliflyer: Very interesting. Thank you for the insights.
  2. @334stayhungry: This was good
  3. @parkerhoeppner451: Great podcast. Really enjoyed the insight.

- How to Finance My Private Jet: Kind: captions Language: en last time we met it was in London and it was miserable and raining and we're in an office and now we've got these fantastic views of the [Music] Mediterranean so hi and welcome I'm so lucky to be here in the south of France on the terrrace in Airs of this beautiful hotel and I'm joined by Simon Davies the head of VP sales at jet Capital welcome Simon thank you Paul pleasure to be with you today in this glorious setting so I've got a client he's just phoned me up wants to buy a jet he's going to travel from London to Dubai six passengers and he may probably go from London to Singapore as well so what kind of size jet do I need and what is it going to cost me so one of the questions that you would have to ask in that scenario is what's your tolerance for stops okay because aircraft have got a finite range and the more passengers you fill with more bags the sure the range is going to become because they have a total weight that they have to be under for take off and Dubai is a medium long Singapore is an ultra long range so if you truly don't want to stop and if you want to go from London to Singapore you end up being forced to look at something in the ultr long aircraft whether you're talking about a global global 6,000 or larger or a gstream sorry Gulfstream g600 or even the new aaso products and what sort of purchase price with one of those cars if I was going do London to Singapore if that was going to be something I was going to do on a regular basis so the pre-owned Market is a little bit cheaper obviously it's it's identical to sort of purchasing a car you can go and get a old version of these planes sort of one or two generations back in the production cycle history and they'll start in the 10 to 15 million range for something I think that's that's not 20 years old though oh 20 years old 20 years old that's people do have a fear about age of an aircraft but most of us who jump on a commercial Aviation flight never think about it and I think we'd probably all be quite surprised if we jumped on and actually looked at the data manufacturer of the A320 that were flying from London to Nissan what would they be roughly on average well the average is probably getting 15 to 20 so it's not too different no not at all I mean these aircraft have got design lives of 30 plus years and they get inspected at the end of their life and they often get extended up to 50 years so there's less chance of the plane running out of Lifetime than us running out of Lifetime that's fantastic so 20 years let call it um so no one 20 years I'm sorry a 20- year old plane 20- year old plane $20 million1 15 million 10 to 15 10 15 so I always ask myself when do I get out of bed when do you get interested in terms of a financing perspective and what are my options if I wanted to buy a 10 you know let's say 15 million to buy 10 15 to again the smaller sesers you can get into those for five six million okay and pre-owned are much cheaper than that uh but for Global jet Capital our threshold typically starts around the $10 million plane but our companies really does one thing one thing only and that's Finance Jets and that means we have a focus on making sure that our asset is something that's a little bit more likely to be able to resell If We Ever Had The Misfortune of a deal going bad sure so we tend to look at aircraft that are a little bit younger than the 20-year old okay those would be stretching our limits what would be the sweet spot for your company to consider financing on a private jet we really like to be in excess of 10 million okay and obviously higher the happier we get because that deploys our money and makes but it's also the age of the aircraft we don't really like to get into financing an aircraft that is more than sort of 12 to 13 years old at the start of the financing and we'll go up to 10 years on those aircraft so we will be looking at an older aircraft by the time the financing is finished but that's our sweet spot so new and pre-owned we're not a company that only does new planes okay and what sort of loan to value so let's say I wanted to purchase the jet outright what would my options be to do that so there are two basic structures that we see in the industry today the first one is a loan and I think the easiest way to describe that for everybody is it's like the mortgage on your house you borrow a certain amount of money from us that's secured by the aircraft and to talk to Paul's question about what is our loan to value that's really how much are we prepared to advance on the plane before we hit our threshold of of credit risk for you okay the answer there is going to depend on your net wealth obviously somebody who's worth as much as somebody like Jeff Bo Bezos is going to get a higher Advance rate than somebody who's maybe tenth of his wealth but typically our Advance rates are in the 80 to 90% of the aircraft value on day one for the financing so for example that's incredible though $20 million aircraft we're probably looking at somewhere 17 $18 million of financing that's amazing because most people and most people watching will think wow that's such a high loan to value or such a high advancement rate on a jet when when you look at real estate that doesn't move you know on a 20 million real estate transaction you're probably most private Banks Max will be 50% so to get something that flies and can fall out of the sky not that they ever do but it flies and it moves to go to that Advance is high how come so part of it is the clientele that end up in these aircrafts so you tend to be dealing with the high net wealth individuals from around the world and they they've got a history of using these assets unlike real estate it's a lot easier to move the aircraft to the next buyer's location you can't pick up a house and drop it from London and say well I want this but I'm living in California can you move it there yes you can but it's a silly option really I agreed the plane if the buyer in California you fly it to them and they can take it there and use it from that new base so it allows the aircraft to be resold quicker it allows a greater liquidity in the market space than the real estate unfortunately buyers also tend to be a little bit pickier so the time it takes to resell an aircraft can be a little longer but again most of our aircraft deals we don't run into problems with the defaults too often this is really the people that can afford this and it's more a question of will they go the full Finance term with us or are they going to pay us off early because they want to get another jet okay and what would be what would be a normal term or an average time would you say on some of the financing transactions so for the people who want to get into the loans they tend to be shorter term Viewpoint they typically will look at a fiveyear window okay uh some of them might go seven years is that interest only or no so the aircraft appreciated value so that's where one of the differen is to real estate real estate obviously in general terms real estate appreciates over time longer term yeah aircraft because it's got a finite life they do depreciate in value uh it's bit like your car that's I always refer back to cars because it helps us understand the market a little bit better so you buy a brand new car Great Value but you drive it home and it's already lost a big chunk of value you start to use it in all kinds of weather you can look after it beautifully but it still goes down in value so the same thing with an aircraft the best maintained aircraft in the world is still going to lose money for the owner so they are they're going to have to pay down the value of the the loan to make sure that the outstanding balance never exceeds the resale value that makes a lot of sense so you know in real estate you get flexibility with inter Etc but with Aviation you've got to have some amortization which in other words is some repayment buil in to any loan that's Advanced right okay amazing wow so what else do I need to know so I've just made a lot of money and uh I'm very very fortunate to think about private Aviation what else should I be thinking about so decided I fly enough I'm very fortunate enough to have the the kind of 20 million purchase tag what else do I need to know so what are my other options cuz some people talk to me about operating leases wet leases dry leases and a lot of stuff I have no idea about Okay so we've talked about debt so far which is it works very similar to just buying the house with you borrow an amount of money and you give me a morgage on the plane perfect there the second way you can Finance it is an operating lease and this is again very very similar to your car lease I Global jet Capital will buy the plane from the the seller whether it's the the manufacturer or a pre-owned user who's selling it and we'll typically buy up to 100% of the market value of that aircraft okay so as long as you're not actually paying a massive premium to get that one that you wanted yeah you could end up not having to pay very much money to get into it and you've rent that plane from us for a period of time typically for operating lease we tend to do around 7 to 10 years s years being the most common yeah and at the end of that seven-year term you bring the plane back to me and just like in the car dealership we have an agreement with you on day one that says this is the condition the plane has to be when it comes back we have people check it for us they tell us what needs fixing to bring it to that condition we get it fixed you pay us the bill for fixing it and then you're done you walk away wow so an operating lease is generally speak speaking 7year term what sort of size planes could one go out and buy if you were looking at an operating lease in private jet world so again our threshold starts at that $10 million plane yeah the real criteria for us is younger the better because at the end of the lease term I now have all the responsibility of reselling that aircraft with you and so a younger aircraft just like a younger car is easier to sell than that old yeah especially if it's not a classic car I was just going to say I mean is Brands important in aviation you see it in Yachts you see it in cars is is is is brand also important from your perspective if you're Leasing and or loaning on them uh there is a slight premium on brand but not mive not massive no there aren't that many aircraft manufacturers in business Aviation so it's not like you are sitting there in the car industry where you may have like 30 or 40 different brands to choose from depending on the size of the aircraft you're looking at you might only have three or four names that you're really comparing against so it's not the brand that'll make the difference uh what makes the biggest difference in selling a used aircraft is how many hours have been flown on it and where okay why is wear why is wear important when flying in a Business Jet so where becomes important in the Business Jet because components have to be replaced depending on a calendar event or the number of hours and an easy one to explain there would be the landing gear we have to have that to be able to put the plane back down on the ground that has a finite life okay so the more Landings you do the sooner you might have to do an overhaul on the air on that landing gear have an 8year window there's less concern there but there are other components so brakes just like in a car if you uh if you do a lot of Landings you're going to use the brakes more you're going to wear them out faster that means they're going to need to be placed sooner and the next buyer is going to have to typically either pay for that himself or reduce the the purchase price okay and so that'll hurt you so there are components like that that really are driving your resale values but you said so so location it's more about how many Landings rather than location no no you you'd asked me about how where yeah location becomes very important when you're near a Salt Air environment sort of here in the south of France or Singapore or Dubai Salt Air corrodes the the metal quicker okay so if you haven't taken great care to thoroughly wash everything you could find yourself facing a higher corrosion than somebody else who lives in a a desert environment where it's very dry and will be a very low rust environment wow I never knew that so it's really unfor on where the location of your jet is is that from a hanging perspective or just from a visiting perspective for from both no it's it's so the visiting probably wouldn't have a big impact it's more about how much it stays there so wow you know if you fly into Singapore and you leave the jet on the ramp for two weeks at a time and you you're doing that 12 times a year you're almost living in Singapore and as a visitor your plane might get the same TLC that you'd get if you hanged yourself there I'm with you so the flight history is a little bit of importance in resale value for us I never knew that so basically make sure your plane is kept in a very good hanger and is also washed and maintained well I live in gery in the Channel Island and we're surrounded by salt water so probably not the best place to keep a Business Jet well it's not a bad place either so but not as good as the desert so if I'm in Saudi Arabia saudi's going to be more uh what's the word Saudi if I was keeping my jet would probably hold its value a little bit or we talking minus School percentages here uh we're talking a few percentage points on the aircraft we're not talking about the plane's worth 20 million and it's 10 million you parked in cury it's not that kind of difference but if it's if it's one to three% then if your Jet's $50 million could that be 1 to 3% on 50 million or not really you could see up to a million dollar difference wow so that's really important then if you're a jet owner yeah so where that really comes in is if you've looked after the plane properly when people go to inspect the plane most of the time the corrosion is in areas that you can't get to easily whether it's in the the belly of the plane where it's hidden by all of the of the cabin uh decking or it's in parts of the wing that are hidden by flaps that you can't see very easily when you go to buy the plane you do an inspection and you actually do a detailed inspection and that's when this corrosion is sometimes found wow that's incredible it's not going to be one of those things you can just rock up to the plane and have a I mean oh if the corrosion is so bad that it is so easy to spot with your eye that's the one that you want to be nervous about that's incredible so we've got an outright purchase where we have for one to a better word a mortgage like or a loan on on the on the aircraft you have an operating lease what other options do I have are there any combinations or something I'm missing so some of the operating leases will give you a hybrid version so you agree to lease the aircraft for say 10 years yeah but you you're not sure if you want to keep the plane or not so you've you've entered into the operating least because you know you can return it at the end and walk away it wasn't ideal but you might get into the the deal and you think well you know the price of new planes is so expensive for where I am maybe I want to keep this aircraft for a few more years than I originally thought before I upgrade and at this point I don't want to give it back to Global jet capital I want to keep it so how can I convert that so in some of our operating leases we we put an optionality into the lease sort of three two to three years before the end of the lease term allowing RSC to buy the plane from us for a fixed price fantastic and then they can make the evaluation whether they want to buy it and generally if they want to buy it we'll put the financing in place for that purchase option by it's a new financing for us but we'll give them the loan to finance that purchase from us incredible there's so much to learn it's incredible business Jets private Aviation what else do I need to know so obviously where I live where I fly to is important how it's hangered and kept maintained what about crew pilots and things like that how does that work and what's important from your perspective so for us the operator of the aircraft is an an essential part of our financing equation So when you say the operator what do you mean so the operator is a management company who oversees the selection of crew the scheduling of the flights getting necessary permits making sure the fuel has been acquired and the refueling is there to be done looks after the maintenance of of the aircraft schedules all this into because a lot of it is a known timing so the operator is managing all of this process on your behalf and the difference would be managing a small aircraft something that we've seen on the airports these small little sesers yeah is a very easy job to do in comparison to owning it's sort of like buying yourself a a mini yeah and then going out and getting an F1 car yeah yes in theory you'd throw some petrol into the car and drive off yeah but obviously the maintenance of an F1 engine takes a lot of knowledge little less needed for the mini so the operator we want to have looking after your plane is somebody that has a lot of expertise in that class of plane we don't want somebody that's never flown a big aircraft whose experien is just doing these small little piston driven beginner planes and suddenly comes along and says oh I'm going to get the state-of-the-art top of the line and doesn't understand what they're getting into they could actually cause us more problems than somebody that is not quite as experienced but has experience on Jets already so for us the the key element is have you chosen somebody that has that knowledge do they have the depth and process to be able to implement that knowledge correctly unfortunately Aviation is a very Reg regulation driven business and even something as simple as recordkeeping has very detailed requirements and a quick and easy example is all your records are supposed to go into a fireproof safe at the end of the day wow when we want to make sure we've got an operator we're looking for an operator who follows best practices and it's something that's easy to forget don't go in don't put it in the safe you have a fire you've lost a a valuable part the the log books and records for an aircraft are one of the most important parts of being able to resell an aircraft you lose those you've lost all the maintenance history of the plane and that makes it difficult and you have to reconstitute these records that's an expensive process so I want that operator who does everything not perfectly but as close to perfect as they can sure and understands the best practices that protects me as the finance man but it also protects you as the owner of the aircraft knowing that they're looking after your investment in the best possible manner so use your operator very very wisely and I'm sure Global jet can help with that process because I'm just learning that's such an important consideration when owning a a private jet incredible so what else is important then Simon what else do we need to think about so so one of the other things you need to think about is when I'm not flying the plane do I want to just keep it in the hanger just ready for me when I'm ready to go or do I maybe want to allow the operator to sell time to third parties Charter it out when I'm not going to use it that's interesting and if so how many hours a year do I want somebody else to use it we have some clients that might only want 100 hours a year on the plane and they sit around say well the 100 hours is nothing you know that's a lot of money I'm spending for something that sits in a hanger yes you can sell time on the plane help offset at some of my expenses one of the keys to understanding this process is selling time on your new jet for Charter will never cover your expenses it'll contribute to them yeah and definitely help make them a little bit lower but it won't cover so don't think that you can buy a plane and put it into charter service when you're not using it and cover your own flying time yeah what happen no wow and did many families do that I mean I've had a couple of instances where people's circumstances change they have a private jet they used to fly 300 hours now 150 does it happen often to you find with your clients so preco I just said it was very common for our clients to want to Charter out excess time help reduce the costs but one of the things that happened during coid was people got very nervous about strangers on their plane yeah and the cleaning maybe not being quite as thorough as it should have been and one of their family getting sick because of it and we saw chargering go way down during coid as we've come out of Co chargering come back yeah but not quite to the same level in terms of number of people making their aircraft available for Charter that's incredible how the market moves and people's people's lives are impacted by those experiences so is that driven sales from your expect from your experience massively so historically when you look at business Aviation inventory levels preco it was sort of an accepted rule that somewhere between 8 and 12% of a fleet size being available for sale was industry Norm coming out of coid the demand to get a private jet not just to so they could fly the way we've described but to be able to take flights without strangers around them we've all been on yeah an EasyJet flight where you're just a crammed in there and somebody's coughing and you don't know what's going to happen people got very nervous about that coming out of the pandemic and people rushed out to buy aircraft and we saw inventory levels drop down as low as 2% wow now inventory levels are coming back up a little bit we're still way below historic levels though so yes the the the health concerns have certainly driven the up teching sales I mean i' I've spoken to a few jet owners and business owners and they've said the same that they're seeing more mature clientele flying private more more often because they don't want to take a at any risk and B they've considered buying smaller Jets because they can afford to and obviously smaller Jets you know I'm talking like CNAs eclipses and things really tiny things in the one1 to5 million do space still a lot of money but it gives that family comfort and security and if it's just a couple A to B from gy Jersey to anywhere around Europe it's so much more convenient to just jump on a little CH fly no risk and and and safety I would say for them well it's been estimated that only between 10 and 15% of the people in the world who could afford to fly private actually did so pre pandemic the numbers crept up but we're also starting to see the numbers drop down a little bit as people on the the bottom end of that scale have decided that maybe it's a little bit more than they'd like to but at the top end people have sort of fallen in love with the concept of convenience as well as safety because they can rock up to the airport 15 minutes before their flight fly get onto their flight fly and when they land the other end there might be one other couple in front of them at the Customs line and they're through and they're on their way to the hotel in 20 minutes after landing whereas we all know how long it takes to get onto a commercial flight how long it takes to get off a commercial flight and hope that your bag came with you you don't have those house was flying private and that's what people are falling in love with I think so many people always are led to believe that it's massively expensive yes it has a premium and it probably has a premium maybe ahead of a business and first class ticket cost and I'm just thinking of like Channel Jets and smaller jets that I've seen have been on the global air you pay a premium but that premium isn't as large when chartering as people think from my experience from what I've seen no it's again it's bit of a function of how many of you are flying on that one because you tend to Charter the jet you're not buying a seat under a charter package so if you have to spend a premium you get a very large Jet and you're spending I'll take the highest rate I know $117,000 per flight hour yeah that's an expensive jet yeah it but if you now put 10 of you on that plane and it's only 1700 1,700 per passenger reasonable yeah and you think about what you might pay for a a first class 2hour flight you're not that far off all of a sudden makes a massive difference the other thing I've learned as well is about empty legs how many empty legs there are and the availability of one jet goes from A to B and then it has to reposition or go somewhere else and so many people aren't aware of how many empty legs and empty Jets there are that they can pretty much sometimes I've flown for1 where I've been stucking GS your London and it pops up mg jet available juman and you can negotiate your price sometimes incredible that's it so one of the big things that technolog is truly helped in is this concept you now got Charter Brokers out there who collate all of the flights that are going on and these empty legs they they have access to them they know what's available and you're right Paul that if you can find The Right Flight that's going back from gery to London you're a small incremental cost to them so if you want to pay a couple hundred pound for that flight they're making money off you they're the plane was going whether you got on or not so it helps helps cover a little bit of fuel and things but it is incredible so many people can probably treat their loved ones to a special occasion with a vouch for an empty Lego which I never even thought was possible I'm learning so much about this jet word it's incredible um so so do you have a favorite jet if you if money was unlimited is there a favorite jet you have you don't have to answer this if you don't want well see that the answer is probably no because what would be my favorite jet today might change because the the manufacturers are coming out with I don't want to call them gizmos because that's not the way to describe them but theel the development of the cabin yeah and the latest technology that they can install so I think back just five years ago and what was available then compared to today we certainly didn't have the full range of Wireless controls for a cabin and look at the ultra long range aircraft where it's gstream or bombardo or even the bigger acj and bbj's they have full bedrooms in them now I'm not talking about a a couch that converts into a bed I'm talking about a fullsize bed it's it's like having your own bedroom you walk from the the kitchen at the front you've got a living area you've got a recreation area and you've got a bedroom at the back it's it's not what you know this I mean the world is so much smaller than it used to be as well you know people you can wake up one morning and be somewhere completely different and then with your own jet you can have a couple of meetings then go on again where would you say do you have any favorite locations so if you've got your own little jet where would you go to oh yes where's your favorites so I love going Bal that that's a fun stop to be yeah um I enjoyed the MDES but I wouldn't want to go there all the time I think it was an interesting getaway is that kind of place you'd like to go for a few days 5 days max just to relax and unwind that's right and then go again yes and it's it's also there's a limit to what you can do so it's if you're not going there to just relax and do a little bit of snorkeling or or something like like the scuba there's not a lot else to do there at that point whereas you know if you're go into balet you don't have to be on the beach you can go and explore the local Balan culture there's a lot of extras so those would probably be my two favorite but I'm a huge rugby fan so I'd end up flying around following whatever World rugby event was going on so who do you think's going to win the World Cup oh well if You' asked me a week ago I'd just said France but my answer today is probably changing I I probably put my money on Ireland I think they as well huh they did a great job the other day I read it's hard for me to say Ireland as a Welshman uh but Ireland has just been too impressive over the last few years and if you were starting out you in your career again and you're 18 years old what advice would you be giving yourself right now I think the most important thing I learned over my career is the importance of networking it's it's easy to come out of University and be the number one graduate in your field but that's just a technical skill the reality is how are you going to apply that skill into the marketplace even a mid-level graduate who's excellent at networking can develop a a career path that could be way more successful than the number one graduate based on their ability to unlock doors through their networking without question that's my number one tip going back to Young Simon as he was coming out University fantastic go out there and network I have to say meeting people developing relationships when in business is vitally important okay so one of the other things we got to talk about is what does this all cost interest rates operating leases tell us more Simon so we've just come through a period of ultra low interest rates where people have got used to not really paying for the money they borrow and that made acquisition of planes very effective because whether you paid cash or borrowed the money there wasn't a lot of difference but we've now seen interest rates go up they're still extremely low compared to Historic levels but for people that haven't followed interest rate trends they are in shock but interest rates really haven't changed the underlying cost of borrowing to buy the plane as dramatically as people would think at the end of the market that we're talking about these are people that are worried about an extra, a month can I afford to buy the plane now or not now they're well healed they're making more than that they'll be fine the higher the interest rate typically the higher the profit level that the people are buying these ples are making so we don't get sucked in by the discussion over whether the interest rate is too high or not I mean the answer is it's always too high for somebody who wants to borrow money but the reality is it's still cheap the part that most people don't look at in enough detail when they're making a purchase of an aircraft is what's it going to cost to operate the plane and some of these planes are expensive it's not uncommon to be talking n10 million a year operate the plane so operating costs so in a percentage Bas let's say the the Jets worth $20 million are we looking at 10% of the value as a guide is there a rule of thumb to Value to cost uh so typically if if we were financing the plane you're going to be looking somewhere around 12 to 15% of the cost per year for your metal wow and then you could be talking about another 7 to 10% of the aircraft value in your annual operating costs that's the pilots the fuel Insurance hangers so 30% nearly yes wow yeah that's so I mean I did an exercise a number of years ago on a $60 million aircraft the annual operating cost was just under 10 million including renting costs so yes you know once six of the aircraft 16% yeah so you've got to really calculate the value of your time to justify that investment absolutely so the other one I just want to talk about quickly is you started off talking about wet lease and dry lease yeah what is a wet leas and dry Leist means nothing to me and I'm sure most people that are listening or watching have no idea well the aircraft industry loves its acronyms and ways of describing things that average person would go huh so I'm going to go back to car to make this an easy example yeah so when you lease a car from Herz you you walk up to the desk and you say I want to rent that car for a week and they tell you what the weekly rate is and you drive away that's a dry lease all they've done is rent you the car nothing else you there's no petrol included there's no chauffeur included there's no cleaning included week might be a shorter term but say you've done a onee rental of you're responsible for everything including maintenance in the car okay that's a dry lease that's a dry lease you absorb all the costs except for the actual purchase price yeah now a wet lease is where crew for the aircraft and the operation of the aircraft comes included in the rental price okay so you don't see it as much in business Aviation it's not as common as in the commercial world but the concept is you agree a price so I own a plane and I've got my own crew and you say Simon I need to fly around I'm going to do a tour of Asia and it's going to take me a month I don't want to buy a plane just for that but I don't have my own Pilots I need somebody to fly so you negotiate a package that says okay I'm going to spend x per day and that gets me a plane it gets me crew it gets me these flights and you just pay a single price for that trip wow what a holiday that would be that' be fantastic that's right it's basically a wet leas it's not all in the are extras still but the wet lease is designed to cover the big ticket numbers so your maintenance numbers baked into it the cost of having crew Insurance The Hanger that part's all taken care of all you're going to really have to pay for is the fuel because we don't know where you're going to fly dayto day catering obviously we don't know if you have caveat three times a day or whether you just scrambled eggs on toast three times a day so they can't give you that included but that's what a wet leas is it it basically you've got the chauffeur as oppos to having this self Drive see if you're looking for a dry lease or a wet lease there are so many differences so wet lease caviar catering who would have thought about all of these things when flying in uh business and private J Aviation okay guys so you're just about to buy your plane and you're going to become an owner but where is it registered and why is that important so the registry is basically the license plate for your plane so when you look at an aircraft you'll see a series of letters or numbers at the at the back of the plane if you're in the United Kingdom typically you'll see them beginning with a letter G if you're in France you'll see an F if you're in America you'll see an N followed by series of numbers and basically that tells you what country has the regime that oversees maintenance and operation of that plane and each country's got slightly different requirements whether you're in America or in Europe different bodies govern it but further certain registrations don't allow you to Charter a plane for public use so for example the ISA man which is an M registry allows you to fly the plane to most countries that you want to fly it to but you can never sell time to a third party on it you it's got to be privately operated that's incredible I wouldn't have known that so registration is kind of also a vital thing to consider when owning a private jet another factor to take into consideration When selecting registrations is the availability Pilots just because I've got a license to fly in America would not allow me to automatically fly in Europe now you can get certain registrations that will endorse an American license to fly in at their jurisdiction but not guaranteed in the registration might have requirements for nationality for you to be able to be a pilot for example India has requirements of how many hours you've got in co-pilot seat and how many hours you've got as a pilot in command before you can get your license endorsed to to fly on the Indian register so you need to take all these factors into consideration When selecting the registration for your aircraft and then also the registration will impact ease of accessing permits to do International flying and it's a lot easier to get a permit for an American plane to fly into Europe than it is for an Indian plane but it may be harder for an American plane right now to fly into China than an aircraft that's registered uh as a Hong Kong registered aircraft that's incredible so again registration plays a vital part in ownership running and where you fly to and from with all these other considerations to factor in so the best advice I can give to somebody who is intrigued in considering buying an aircraft is to hire a trusted Aviation advisor it's a complex field and buying the plane might be the easy part of what goes on and you don't want to or the rest of it at your peril Simon that's fantastic thank you so much and Simon's links are in the comments below and if you have any further questions or comments please reach out to us both and we'll be very happy to assist you thank you my pleasure Paul thank you for the time hey guys I got another great shout from Claudio have a look in the comments below and and the link Simon's getting nervous CU he's seeing Pilots jumping out of planes I hadn't thought about that one that's brilliant fantastic what

  Top Comments:
  1. @PaulWelchLuxuryFinance [1 likes]: Thrilled to share this insightful conversation with Simon Davies from GlobalJet Capital!  

Dive deep into the world of private jets and discover the intricacies of aviation financing.

A big thank you to Simon for his expertise. If you found this video valuable, don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more exclusive content! 

#PrivateJetInsights #AviationTalk
  2. @vadlashivakumar5745 [1 likes]: I will definitely buy a jet.
  3. @JeimaxOsorio [1 likes]: Soon to be a customer!

- How to Finance an Older Private Jet: Kind: captions Language: en I appreciate you checking out this video before I continue I want you to go to theultimatejetguy.com where I've put together a full guide for jet buyers like yourself so that's looking ahead to 2023 uh now someone's looking to purchase an aircraft uh there seems to be two large categories when it comes to financing on on pre-owned aircraft you've got the aircraft that's 20 years and newer and the aircraft like the Legacy aircraft that's uh 20 years and and older and of course you know a lot of time it's driven by people's budgets but if they're looking for something in the half a million two million three million dollar range they're probably looking at older aircraft that you know while they might be able to pay cash sometimes it's in their benefit to to go to a lender uh and try to secure financing for that kind of a purchase so what can you tell us about uh the difference between lending on an older aircraft 20 years or older versus a newer one because it seems like lenders prefer the newer stuff is it impossible to uh to lend not an old aircraft it is not impossible some of the parameters are going to be the same uh it's just the availability of those same parameters being applicable on an older aircraft you know your your jets uh your jet aircraft over 20 years you know most lenders are still going to require most if not all are going to require the engines Beyond a program the availability of that program or uh the you know the the significant amount of inventory already being on a program so um you know it's what the you know what's out there in the marketplace and does it already is it already on the program is it require a buy-in you know in certain situations will the lender allow the buy-in uh will they will they finance and buy it for you in some situations it's going to be a diminishing return others it's going to be a great investment so that's you know on the older aircraft and then you know even you know Jets within that 20-year range it's going to be some somewhat of a similar conversation on on jets that aren't on an engine program you know do you want to buy into the to a program and you know get it get it get your you know hourly maintenance um put it into place so you know the lender feels comfortable with it and that's really the end of the day the the lender sees the the engines being the the value driver of the aircraft so you know they want to have that um warm and you know uh they want they want they want to know that that risk is mitigated right um so on the older aircraft um you know you want to make sure you're looking at that if you're looking for a loan that that it is going to be on a on a program but the other part too is um lenders are maybe a little more I wouldn't say weary but um they want to see folks that have experience have jet experience on owner that's a very helpful uh thing so so they have uh their their accustomed to the the cost of owning and operating an aircraft now whether it's you know they want to make sure they know you know all the pieces that are in place because really only part of the transaction or really only a fraction of you know the outlay of cash is going to be at that closing you know you're going to have hundreds of thousands of dollars after the fact on maintenance and oh yeah the cheapest part of owning the jet is buying one yeah so you know you want to make sure that uh you know the folks that are looking at the older aircraft that do have um you know some experience there and and you know it obviously it goes without saying but um you know folks that have more capital or have deeper Pockets you know tend to tend to to help that underwriting process go a little bit smoother gotcha

  Top Comments:
  1. @dancetkamzimbinyirenda3419 [1 likes]: How can it be linked to rakuten company for the update of lending options

- The Secret Reasons Most Millionaires Own a Private Jet: Kind: captions Language: en man i've just spent the whole last week traveling all across the country with my family in our private jet and i thought you know what i'm gonna make a video about it like does a private jet make sense for investing can you make money on it is it just like a big financial drain is it for the rich and famous or could it someday be something for you [Music] i'm turning dreams into reality man i gotta tell you i love traveling i love all the places that you can go to my wife and i we've traveled around the world 40 different countries so far we're still young but i promised my wife i'll take her to a hundred different places in the world and something happened to the private jet sector industry when the pandemic hit all of a sudden you have all of this chaos happening with the airlines you're going to the airport you have to arrive extra early it's masks this tsa it feels like they're anal probing like yo nuts it's probing time everything got worse in the entire travel space and you have all these videos still online of people on the aircraft arguing with those who are or are not wearing their masks or you were told if you took a taking a flight it's like well you can pull it down and take a bite but hurley and cover back up and all of a sudden that was such an infringement on freedom that everyone that had some money started saying yo i think i need to get a private jet and while you might be thinking that must be a lot of money the information in today's video might surprise you a little bit so there's a lot of advantages of flying private i want you to think about this for just a moment number one there is no tsa no one's checking your liquids for bombs um there there is no anal probing right like you don't have to get to the airport two hours early you've got your jet at a private location private airport right they're not mixed in with all the commercial airliners most of the time and your pilots are just waiting so when you get there is when the plane is going to take off and from the time that you get there you know there's usually you know 20 minutes of warming up the engines making sure it's all packed up and then boom you're off and away when you're on the plane and you're actually flying you don't have anyone telling you that you can't put your feet up in the air you can't get up and move around you know you've you've got your bathroom there you can you know you can interact uh you can swivel your chair you can misbehave i do like for us as a party we're just we're we're relaxing uh you know as if we're at home you know i've got an eight-seater vehicle or cadillac that we'll drive around and frankly this jet that i have is like a flying cadillac uh meaning it can take this particular one can take eight people and uh you know i don't need manifests on who these people are i don't need documentation see licenses or passports we just we get on the plane and then we go somewhere but on top of that you have 4 200 municipal airports these are like small small landing strips where private planes will go in and out of and what that means is you can cut down on a lot of travel time because you can fly more direct to where you want to go you know my jet it flies around 500 little more miles an hour so it's just as fast as the commercial airlines but we're direct access so for example later this year i'm taking my family to the galapagos islands now if i were flying commercial out of salt lake i'd have to go likely to atlanta and then down to ecuador maybe a pit stop in the middle and then i'd have to head over to the galapagos and it's going to take all day but in my private jet i can fly literally from salt lake directly down to mexico and right to the galapagos and do it like six hours and still have the entire day to get on the private yacht and start enjoying nature and wildlife and so you're getting your time back you're valuing your time at the rate that i travel i can literally save weeks every single year in not waiting around in airport hubs all right so what really is the cost of a private jet well you've got all sorts of different sizes right just like a house all across the country a house in new york and san diego is going to be a lot less expensive than a house in the midwest so you got a lot of choices so you could pick up you know an entry-level mid-sized jet for maybe three or four million dollars uh and then on the more extreme side you could spend a hundred million dollars right um you know a classic g4 it's a second jet that i'm looking at purchasing right now you know those can range anywhere from seven to ten million dollars and those will fly 14 people versus your entry level three million dollar jet maybe flies eight people and so based on that it's like okay chris does that mean that i need millions of dollars for a private jet and the answer is no there's financing and there's also a way to make money on a private jet for three hours you got me standing waiting on you now let's go come on rock and roll to really understand if a jet makes sense there are three different good reasons to want to get a jet and i'm going to start with the one that most people leverage to actually make money but first i just want to kind of give you a heads up if i had known my life could be so enhanced with these three benefits from owning a private jet honestly i would have gotten one a whole lot sooner i actually would have made it a goal of mine i would have said i want to have a certain level of success in business because there are so many benefits with owning a private jet and i want those benefits here's the first benefit if you fly private you're only going to use your jet a certain number of times and they calculate it in terms of hours so for example i fly between 12 and 16 hours every single month that means that i can fly three times to the east coast or the west coast back and forth from where i live out there and back and it's basically covered so when i'm not using the jet i can actually have it charged out the pandemic has converted a lot of travelers to private flying business jet takeoffs and landings in the u.s are up 40 percent year-over-year at the highest point since 2008 renting out your aircraft can be highly lucrative because private flights are billed by the hour so literally on my jet when i'm not using it i can rent it out for a week and pull in a hundred thousand dollars of revenue and if i have four pilots because they work week on and a week off i basically have two teams i've got two pilots in the aircraft at any given time that means that if i'm flying it 12 to 16 hours it's like what are they doing right now while i'm in florida for a couple of days they're flying and they're making me money so literally i can bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars every single month and of course there's a lot of expenses right money's being set aside for engine maintenance and paying for pilots and obviously the high price of fuel and gas but guess what there's actually a lot of money that can be made on a jet how much so with my jet it's very possible for me to fly all i want with my family and still make a quarter million even a half a million dollars a year by leasing out the jet uh the bigger g4 that i'm planning on getting i could literally sit out the entire year and make closer to a million so just because owning a jet costs some money doesn't mean it doesn't make money so the second major benefit the huge draw that pulls in a lot of people are the tax benefits for example section 179 of the irs code means that you get to write off large heavy equipment vehicles and things like that well it turns out with bonus depreciation that we still have in our country for a couple more years you can take the entire value of the jet and write it off against your income so let's just take the example of a 10 million dollar jet if i'm in a 40 tax bracket that's a total of four million dollars that i'm gonna have to give the government if i use two million dollars as my down payment on the jet then the other two million i owe the government i actually get to pocket i literally could leave millions of dollars in my pocket by buying a private jet and then of course i get to lease it out and make money on the thing let me ask you flying private for free and then getting paid and then saving a lot of money on your tax bill at some point that's going to make sense but the third benefit and perhaps the most important benefit is what i call time arbitrage owning a private jet is like owning a teleportation device or at least i think the closest thing that we can get to teleportation right like thank you star trek beam me up scotty scotty beam me up surprise it's a little bit like that like one of my favorite uses of the jet is my family and i will literally take off on field trip friday my kids are privately educated so we'll hop in the jet with our whole family and our private teachers and we'll literally go fly somewhere in the country so we went to monterey california we saw a world-class aquarium and then we went to the alamo and i got to teach my kids you know about this important piece of history in our country and i got to take them out to like this meteor in flagstaff arizona and this petrified forest for a geological dig you know we basically get up in the morning have our normal routine i go to the gym we have breakfast get on the jet go somewhere in the world and by that night we're sleeping back home in our beds but we just had an amazing day making family memories so whether the jet is really just for business or whether it's just part of your lifestyle i'm telling you that that teleportation device means that i can get the most value out of my time i'm making this video for you today because i hope that you get inspired with all the possibilities that's really out there and that you can take advantage of some of these if you get the right investment strategy i wrote a book called have it all and it's literally how you start from nothing and become a self-made multi-millionaire and get to the point where you could own private jets right now i bought one last year i'm gonna buy another one this year i might buy two more because a it's a really good investment i also need the tax breaks but number three look at what it does for my lifestyle and i'm just telling you right now that making money is easier than people will tell you if you have the right mentorship this book have it all literally will show you how you can be poor as a popper start from nothing just like me and follow these steps and that's why i want to give you the book for free there's no strings attached all you have to do is click the link below cover the shipping and handling my team will send the book out to you and then you'll literally know by the end of reading that book exactly how you can own your own private jet hey thank you so much for joining me on today's video i hope it was informative i hope that it levels up your mindset and you know what if you're not a subscriber maybe you've got one more reason now why you need to be one so click that link so i can keep sharing videos like this with you more importantly the internet wants to help you with me in building wealth click this video it knows best and it'll show you that this will be your next step to leveling up your life make that happen and guess what the internet thinks you're going to want to watch this video next to continue your little journey with me

  Top Comments:
  1. @BB87787 [10 likes]: This is guy is totally full of it. No you cannot make money owning a jet. Notice he doesn’t break down any numbers. Yes you charter the plane out when you’re not using it to help offset a small portion of your fixed costs. No you can’t come close to chartering it out enough hours to make money. Anybody who knows the industry knows this.
  2. @ulrichsherry7092 [4 likes]: I'd rather fly Emirates First Class. Bed, Shower and nice food.
  3. @billyakin3301 [3 likes]: I wouldn't let this guy charter my jet. That says a lot right there. I wouldn't get on a jet he owns without checking maintenance records, and flight records and insurance records.
  4. @billyakin3301 [2 likes]: There's also BANKRUPTCY!!
  5. @discerningmind [2 likes]: I'm wondering if I'm confused by a dialogue issue here.  I'm doubting myself because, in the description copy the gentleman in the video here states being a real estate investor.  And I think he made a mistake in his analogy regarding the purchase cost of a private jet--by type, and the purchase cost of a home--by location.  He said that a home in New York or San Diego is going to cost a lot less than the cost of a house in the mid-west.  4:10
While he didn't say it, I know that there are pockets of high-end homes throughout the mid-west.  But any type of home in Manhattan or beachside in San Diego is going to be high-end.
  6. @billyakin3301 [1 likes]: Saying Private Jets make money is like saying Breeding Dogs makes money. You may make money...but you won't enjoy it.
  7. @ThePshull [1 likes]: Hahaha! Shister! Whatever. What a jackass
  8. @CN-bm4sc [1 likes]: Thank you for all the  information and motivation
  9. @rlkinnard: warren buffett does not have a pilot's license but has 200 jets and makes money.  But most people are not warren buffett and lose a lot of momey on a jet.
  10. @bettychepngetich9609: Yeap we have to explore the universe
  11. @jbr555s: Thank you for the video
  12. @rs02984: Hack, lol
  13. @alteclansing2638: Good video.
  14. @atedejong5620: Most millionaires dont own a private jet - not even charter one. Just fly coach and maybe business class.
  15. @petey6716: Sounds good to me
  16. @ShadrackMooki-i4s8t: Thank you Sir for the information. I very much appreciate it.
  17. @DavidWollenberg-c6i: Well I think it depends on your net worth if you're somebody like Bill Gates are Elon Musk or Jeff Bezos you don't want other people using your jet during its off time security risk. You don't want just anybody walking in and out of your plane constantly. You know if you're the Koch brothers well there's only one left Charles But you don't want people walking in and out of your plane constantly You don't know who they are you're going to have to do background checks and all sorts of stuff. It's a big hassle and it's not worth it.
  18. @LD-xl2qc: Clueless
  19. @tonylam-u1t: I know all that and likely more. First of all, airliners still have the edge at long range, It will take at least a mid size jet to get range like 3500 miles, enough to cross oceans , with stops, especially if your schedule is unpredictable, you might stay a couple of days a couple of weeks?? All civilian jets are still struggling against the "sound barrier," no one have anything to break it. The cost, rule of thumb, if you fly say 250 hours a year?? What ever you spent buying the new jet, you will spend an equal amount for operating and maintenance costs. So first class is still the way to cross oceans, or if I am younger and richer, I fly my own King Air or PC12 with a rubber gas tank in the fuselage.
  20. @size-matters: Want to make a small fortune with an airplane? Start with a large fortune!

- How much does it cost to fly private? - Rachel Yang: Kind: captions Language: en Across 2023 and 2024, one internationally renowned musician flew their private jet 396 times in 365 days. And one of those trips was just six minutes long. Figures like this aren’t uncommon among the world’s richest jet-setters— in fact, this frequent flyer probably isn’t even the celebrity you’re thinking of. So what's the price tag for this high flying lifestyle? The majority of private flying happens in the US, where even a relatively short trip is incredibly expensive. If you want to fly private, you have two options: buying a jet or renting one. Jet rentals can run from roughly $7,500 an hour for domestic flights to roughly $17,000 an hour for international ones. For context, that’s over $40,000 to fly from LA to New York, and over $120,000 to fly from New York to London. And that's before paying an additional several thousand dollars for the crew, the fuel, landing fees for the airport, and federal taxes. That said, these rental costs are still much cheaper than actually buying a plane. Depending on their size, new jets run anywhere from $2 to $65 million. Then, in addition to the usual operational costs for each flight, jet owners still have to pay for a hangar to park in and up to $1 million a year for routine inspections and maintenance. This is already absurdly expensive. But private flying also has a major environmental cost. While both private and commercial planes emit a lot of CO2, commercial planes do so to move a lot of people. For example, in 2022, commercial airplanes emitted roughly 800 megatons of CO2 moving about 853 million passengers. That’s a little less than one ton of CO2 per person per flight. On average, most people emit four tons of CO2 a year— so taking two round trip flights would double their emissions. This math already isn’t great, but private jets make it so much worse. With only a handful of people onboard, private flights emit 10 to 20 times more emissions per passenger on average. And since their passengers tend to be frequent flyers, their individual emissions are astronomical. In 2023 alone, the top ten US private fliers produced more combined emissions than 6,500 people. And for the past few years, roughly 1% of fliers have been responsible for almost half of aviation emissions. This discrepancy is huge, and it will likely continue growing as the private aviation industry expands. However, while we probably can’t convince celebrities and CEOs to fly commercial, one promising approach for reducing plane emissions is swapping existing jet fuel for Sustainable Aviation Fuels, or SAF. Traditional jet fuel is made from fossil fuels and releases carbon into the atmosphere when burned. SAFs, on the other hand, are made from waste materials like used cooking oil, and renewable crops like corn and algae. These biomaterials still emit carbon when burned, but growing these crops pulls enough CO2 out of the atmosphere to offset those emissions by up to 86%. If the entire jet fuel pipeline shifted to SAFs, it could reduce aviation emissions by up to 94%. But for this to happen, SAF producers need to overcome two obstacles. First, there aren't enough crops to produce biofuels on a large scale. Researchers are developing synthetic SAFs that don’t require crops, but they’re still being rolled out. Second, current SAF production is relatively small scale, which makes it extremely expensive. At three times the cost of normal fuel, most airlines won’t even consider making the switch, and if they did it would cause airfare to skyrocket. Governments in Singapore, Japan, and most notably the EU have already started programs to support widespread SAF adoption and fund their development. But this is where private fliers could actually help the environment. Most jet owners already spend hundreds of thousands of dollars a year on private flights, and it would only cost them a few thousand more per flight to use synthetic SAFs. This boom in usage would fund both SAF development and large-scale production. And those advances would make sustainable fuel cheaper for everyone— both the people flying private and those privately wishing they were.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Michael-u6q8r: Bla bla bla, blame the rich!
  2. @wilsonmiranda4466: Climate change is nothing but a deep state 'rats' hoax. They make it sound like CO2 is the biggest problem, it's not. Blatant lies & brainwashing are. FYI CO2 in the atmosphere with less than 0.04 %  would cause plant life to die. While these rats tell you carbon emmissions contribute to climate hoax, they have no qualms about flying all over the world, esp to Davos regularly, on their jet sets while they tell you driving your car from A > B is destroying the atmosphere. "It's all a Rich Man's Trick, just like Wars". Let this sink in!
  3. @coconut8bubblegum: I hate they don’t want to be sued to miss swift
  4. @coconut8bubblegum: It’s Taylor swift !!?
  5. @KnakuanaRka: 0:39 Aw, cute kitty. ^w^
  6. @f1freak228: It's funny how they act like they care about the environment but really don't give a f , flying causes a lot of pollution , an ice car is nothing compared to it
  7. @yowlolstfu6759: Should change the videos title to “How much CO2 private jets emit” lol
  8. @baeyuh: How selfish of them
  9. @StuvanJain: Whoever put that quote there enjoyed it tons
  10. @cathibeban5696: Switching to SAF fuels could also harm the environment, as the increased demand for bio-materials may encourage large-scale cultivation of uniform crops. Going green is not always a simple or complete solution.
  11. @SuccessMindset2180: Sustainability?
  12. @jglstx: 🤑
  13. @jamesclarke1754: This is great stuff I love the world I was born into at the bottom of the pyramid.
  14. @nawwk79: Just force all private jets to use SAF only.
But no, governments don’t dare to mess with the ultra rich. 🙄
  15. @leaf4267: The background music is so annoying.
  16. @CRAFT7445: Misleading title
It started out as what the title suggests; "What is the cost of flying a private jet?" But then quickly transitioned into a documentary on the evils of private jets. 
I bet 99% of the people watching this video don't actually think about why private jets are used so much.
  17. @tippecanoe: 2:57 I feel as if this point is unintentionally misleading. From what I've gathered, 1% of people being responsible for 50% of aviation emissions almost certainly includes people who fly commercial. However since this is not made clear, one could interpret this as 1% of people (who fly on private jets) are responsible for 50% of aviation emissions. Which I think is an important distinction, especially since a fact that is not mentioned in this video, but is very important to understand if you care about climate change is as follows: General Aviation, which is any aircraft that is not commercial, cargo, or military, are responsible for only 4% of aviation emissions. This is a fact that I believe is frequently overlooked thanks to the sheer inequality of Commercial vs. Private Aviation. THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION TO THIS MATTER -DJT
  18. @justanobody4983: Then there are celebrities that talks about environmental awareness. Then always fly private. Lol. Hypocrites
  19. @exportintlexp6873: #TXTM
  20. @JustTheTips.: Imagine taking a private jet to speak at a climate change convention

- Getting Your Private Pilot's License // Full Process Start to Finish: Kind: captions Language: en about a year ago I was looking into what all it would take to get my pilot's license how much it would cost and what the training would look like but no matter what I searched or how hard I looked I couldn't find a clear outline and explanation of what the process looked like so I decided to document my entire journey from beginning to end from online ground school to finally getting my private pilot's license before starting any training I booked a discovery flight for me and my wife with a friend of mine who is an instructor I want to make sure that not only was this something that I wanted to do but I also wanted my wife to be familiar with what general aviation flying looked like and to make sure she had a frame of reference for what I was about to embark on after going up around the pattern a few times and doing a few landings I was absolutely hooked after another conversation with my wife we decided that I would officially start pursuing my pilot's license in its simplest form you need to do two things to get your license you need to pass a written exam and you need to pass a practical exam which consists of two portions the oral and the flight portion I decided to go ahead and knock out my written portion before starting my flying to expedite the flight portion of my training I started by signing up for Sporty's online ground school there are several other fantastic online ground schools available but I chose port is just because I was familiar with them instead of doing ground school online you could also get instruction from a CFI at your local flight school check that out that's my endorsement so I can actually go to a testing center and take my private pilot's license for written tests nice hi guys I'm annoyed at the airport right now to take my private pilot's license written exam so wish me luck the written portion was pretty straightforward it's a 60 question test that you take on a computer and you have to get a 70% or higher to pass well you guys have passed so I've officially taken the written portion so and passed it so I'm good to go I can do all my instruction and you don't need to take the pass the test and renewed instruction but now that I've kind of gotten that out of the way I feel like I'm a lot more well prepared for the for all the instruction that I'm gonna be doing in the plane and that hopefully things will just go a little quicker a little smoother so nice so with the written portion of the certificate out of the way I switched my focus to the flight requirements there is a very specific list of different types of flying you need to do with your CFI and how many hours of each you need you need a total of 40 hours of flight time minimum once you reach 40 you can legally take your check ride but it's totally up to your C of five whether or not you're ready so you may end up flying more than that of those 40 hours 20 of them need to be with your C if I giving you instruction those 20 hours need to include three hours of cross-country training three hours of night flying three hours by reference only two instruments and three hours of check ride prep specifically you also need to have at least ten hours of solo flight time of which five hours has to be cross-country all of these requirements have some other sub requirements so take a look at the FAA regulations for those details on the day of my first flight lesson we practiced a bunch of maneuvers like slow flight stalls and steep turns you'll keep practicing these maneuvers throughout most of your training because they make up the majority of your check ride we also started practicing some landings my instructor pretty much gave me full rein of the controls from the very first takeoff although I'm sure he was adding in little inputs here and there especially during landing for the most part all of your initial training is geared towards making sure that you have full control of the airplane so you can finally go up by herself for your first solo mine started out like any normal day my see if I and I went up around the pattern of you times then he told me to taxi back to the ramp he got out told me to go up into the same thing again to touch and gos and one full stop it's easy to feel like you're not prepared for your first solo but rest assured your see if I is not gonna send you up if you're not ready aviation is all about safety and if they didn't think that you could safely solo the airplane they wouldn't sign off on it so trust you see if I when they tell you you're ready to solo and trust that all of your hard work up until this point will get you through it so as I push the throttle the full power of her take off my body took over without even realizing it I was verbally talking through my checklist and focusing on the flight so much that I didn't even have time to be nervous once you set the plane down for that last landing that's when it hits you you just flew an airplane all by yourself I can't overstate the feeling of accomplishment I felt after Lone Eagle be held true I did that all me there's no safety net in place and I instinctively fell back on my training to get it done since you need a total of 10 hours solo and only five of it is cross-country I chose to do the rest of it in the pattern so went out by myself a few more times when the weather was nice and since I was by myself this is when I really got to focus on perfecting my radio voice and I have that traffic in sight and I know some Foxtrot Foxtrot traffic it is for the option number two clear tuxedo clear attention I understand [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all right everybody this is my third time soloing I'm just gonna be doing some support in the pattern just working on tension goes just looking for five five our minimum requirement for the solo portion to the pattern after this I think what its gonna be is some cross-country prep and I'm gonna fly some cross-country with my instructor we're gonna fly the same routes then I'm gonna eventually be doing myself and then have a choir once I've been cleared out those particular routes with my instructor I'm gonna take those exact same routes for five hours by myself solo so then I'll have an additional five hours solo but this happen to be cross country is there a pattern play which by one Niner seven Park Drive only one make left traffic clipped a go left have a cleaver take off 907 buckshot next my CF on and I decided to tackle the solo cross-country but first he had to review my flight plan and accompany me on the trip first so he could sign me off to land at the destination airports alright there it is what you doing there oh I'm sleigh with Bethany fake the Vincennes arriving after he signed me off it was once again up to me to make the hundred and fifty nautical mile journey on my own if the reality of flying an airplane didn't hit you in your first solo then it'll hit you here out in the open country and outside of gliding distance of an airport after that we did a night flight which is pretty straightforward you just need three hours of night flight including one cross-country trip of over a hundred nautical miles and distancing and ten takeoffs and landings to a full stop we went ahead and knocked this all out in a single night after that we moved on to flying by reference to instruments for me this meant the incredibly attractive boggles you have to lock three hours of flight that the Fargo's actually on Orkut to go with a departure duty this part of the training was particularly fun for me because I got to fly in a plane with an amazing garment suite of avionics we also went over unusual attitude recovery during this flight which is actually quite a bit of fun recover I'm sure I've been - I did from here the only real thing left to do was to prepare for my checkride that meant doing the maneuvers in the ACS over and over and it'll be hard to get it wrong and right about there what you're good on the pitch I work [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] once I was comfortable with all the maneuvers I had everything I needed for my checkride the DP II was pretty booked so it wasn't scheduled for about another month I kept flying as often as I could to keep my skills sharp and so that would remain proficient I kept studying all my material until the checkride day came once I sat down in front of the examiner my training and preparation all kicked in and I felt comfortable talking about the topics he asked me about we sat in that room for about an hour after that portion of the check ride we took a quick break and then continued on to the flight portion I would have filmed all this but I wanted to focus on passing plus I'm pretty sure you're not allowed to do that or else I would have seen some videos on YouTube after we landed he shook my hand and congratulated me on receiving my certificate we snapped a classic photo and headed home so I could take my first and favorite passenger on the flight that I had promised her movie in a theater yeah very cute but some kind of smack guess what finally got my private pilot's certificate if this is my first real flight as a fighter pilot carry my very first pass here my beautiful wife elite all said and done it took me about nine months from the system to check right and that was going at a pretty moderate pace I went into my checkride with about 45 flight hours and financially the whole process cost me about $7,500 huge shout out to my instructor Justin for being so patient with me and my flight school Greenville aviation for helping me along this journey I hope you guys enjoyed this video and if you did make sure to LIKE comment and please share with your friends who are interested in getting involved in aviation this has definitely been one of the most challenging but rewarding things I've ever done and I can't wait to share all of our adventures with you guys fly safe y'all and I'll see you up there [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mr.george-pht [5400 likes]: 19 years ago I sold a car to a flight instructor. We hit it off and he asked if I was interested in flying. 
The next day he took me up in a small plane. We spent hours in the air, landed and refueled to do it again. 
Ever since I said I wanted to get my lic. 
I never really had time or money. 
Well....my son is 22 and doesn't depend on me. My wife finished her school and the last few years has made more money then me. 
So today I finally walked into a school and asked what's the next step. 

I'm actually gonna go do this. After 19 years of would of could of should of excuses and stalls.
  2. @zephaniahcarter6134 [1 likes]: 9:35 7,500!??!!! What??? I was told this whole process was way more expensive.
  3. @DandyChickens7 [1 likes]: I❤flying but it is the most expensive hobby I have ever done! I’m a private pilot with over 4k as pilot in command. I can no longer afford 2 fly because rent is $200 an hr now! I started at 16 years of age and the price I paid then was only $12 an hr! Guess my age?😱😱😱
  4. @amirkazemi2517: how did you handle getting air sick?
  5. @The.4kFamilyvalues: Thank you for sharing your experience!
  6. @elicash315: And now it’s at least 15k
  7. @davibe2304: Was this Greenville aviation as in Greenville SC?
  8. @axelfoley650: Well done buddy
  9. @9LimaAlpha7: how long did it take u (duration) to get ur ppl licence?
  10. @mechanic350: so, how much did it cost you everytime you went up flying?
  11. @lionlocVanDwellington: My dream. I’m going to make this happen
  12. @Celaw-babie: Whats the school name pls
  13. @cedricvalentine1279: So proud of you bro that inspired me so God bless you keep flying❤️❤️🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲
  14. @H.0.0.0-n9e: Can someone fund me?... lets do it
  15. @ijustwannabeadrummer: Thx for posting bro...this was 6 yrs ago hope you are still flying!
  16. @gbertostorage1575: Is 37 too old to start learning and get licensed?
  17. @RamA-n9j1f: Hi, There 
It very informative 
Thanks 
Ram
  18. @6492002: Thank you for documenting your experience!
  19. @The_slightly_indecent_one: Huge difference between this and commercial, as commercial I need to do like 200 hours and the shortest it can take is a 54-week full-time course.
  20. @jost5: One question, how long did all of this take ? (never mind, i got it)

- Flying A Private Jet At Night All Alone!: Kind: captions Language: en we're here in portland maine and yes it's dark out we're going to be trying something very different today doing a full night flight back home to new york city just had dinner with a really good buddy of mine mr elliott who's also here on a layover for his jet he flies and we're flying home now about an hour in the air come sit right seat with me let's go flying [Music] all right welcome aboard everyone it is dark out here so let's uh hopefully these cameras are recording everything as it should we'll get everything going here all right flood's coming on all right so we're going to do a full battery storage so the battery is going to be starting both engine which is pretty cool no uh gp which is the ground power unit alright oxygen is in gens are both on i think is good all right get the initialization stuff going here which i know everyone likes to see 200 pounds we have 100 pounds of ballast and cargo 2300 pounds of fuel which is plenty to get home we're in portland maine mike 2 k each okay we'll get the adidas here in a minute it's fine okay all right we got 20 we need more than 24 volts to start we have 25 ac is just double check is off which it is and we'll go ahead and start number wow we'll start number one first number one there we go and one fuel flow and the relays out all right clear right here we go and just fuel everything's looking good nice cool start to on the battery and the relays out perfect let's look we uh filed here all right haskell three cambridge albany and the valerie five so pretty simple that's good weather wind two four zero and six visibility one zero sky clear temperature zero nine or two point zero six altimeter three zero one four visual approaching youth landing and departing normally two nine nine seven eight two nine that works better for us actually for the taxi all right so it's whiskey for two nine we'll just switch this out here that's really good actually two nine haskell three cambridge loaded up perfect it changes our speeds so we'll just uh come down here here off of runway two nine winds are pretty much down the runway 7200 feet available flaps 15 and except 93 knots we're going to be decision speed 96 where we're rotating that's awesome all right cool portland ground hello good evening citation two romeo foxtrot clearance to westchester please we have whiskey addition to romeo fox right here in uh clear to the uh hotel papa november airport we have a free departure cambridge transition as well maintain three thousand which brings me one nine point seven five call three five zero six jerome foxtrots cleared to uh westchester haskell three departure cambridge transition that is filed maintain three thousand nineteen seventy five and thirty five oh six that tastes terrible 3506 is in 1975 as departure where clearness filed 3 000 perfect all right checks are done elevation out to checks messages are normal let's go ground citation two romeo foxtrot north east with whiskey for taxi romeo fox citation two romeo fox right in uh runway two nine taxi leah charlie alpha cross runway one eight on out all right charlie alford cross runway one eight we're going to two niner tournament foxtrot all right here we go clear left clear right and we're out of here thank you great service from northeast as always i'll get some lights coming on here we're out of here so we're taking charlie and alpha and we'll put across one eight looking good so taxi checks lights are good brakes feel really nice there's no steering is moving rotor bias is not needed second flight of the day pledgement's checked before takeoff ice protection system is not needed pass your seat so we don't have any passengers today single pilot collapse are 15 minikiting trims will recenter looks good down there speed brakes are down for departure go around button is set with 691 all right so light up the uh christmas tree which is putting all the lights on for the runway crossing so crew breathing anything below 93 knots that's our decision speed max breaking frost lever that'll speed breaks up anything above 93 will continue rotate at 96 and uh we'll come back and land here in portland with any issues we will not continue on it's the crew breathing clear left clear ride and a fedex looks like a 757 taken off which is kind of cool all right all right so we'll stop up here and we'll look at this departure so it's the haskell three departure offer runway two niner it's off the runway to intercept 290 course attorney course to intercept the course to elia haskell bauer cambridge we're going to 3 000 the departure so 290 which is off the runway heading intercept 300 course to elia haskell bauer and then cambridge that is it and uh tower citation two romeo fox shot is ready to go to niner citation here fox roger caution white servers for the departed uh going seven fifty seven win two seven zero at seven runway two nine off cliff take off two nine or two or more shot thanks all right heats lights are on engine instruments are clear let's go flying we'll take it on the roll a quick take off here stable take off there she goes take up power is set and achieve two good engines air speed is alive both sides 70 knots v1 rotate positive 8 gear up v2 plus 10 knots flaps up yard dampener will change use the manual trim here to re-trim beautiful climb power autopilot addition to your roman fox contacts butcher a good day have a great night throw me a fox shot go to departure portland departure good evening citation two romeo shot 2600 climbing two three thousand citation two romeo fox departure radar contact climb and maintain one zero thousand ten thousand foxtrot all right vs and we'll go up to ten thousand feet i see it fedex telling anyone clear direct double resume the number four noble noble four fedex uh 1291 all right we got uh landing gear up flaps are up throttles are climbing climb detent lights go to recon pressurization slowly coming up and that's after takeoffs playstation 2 romeo foxtrot contact boston center 128.2 good day 28 to draw me a fox shot have a great night boston center good evening citation two romeo fox shot seventy three hundred kilometer one zero ten thousand vacation two romeo fox style boston center good afternoon maintained for level three zero zero thanks so much quantum maintain three zero zero zero fraction all right three zero flat will change on the way we go yeah so i have no idea if uh the cameras are actually gonna make this this video look decent or not this is kind of a trial run for me to see how it comes out so if it is out on youtube and it probably came out half decent so i appreciate you watching the video and i hope you enjoyed a bit of a different sort of night flight style start looking at the weather center a good friend of mine told me this is back when i was doing a vision jet uh soe which is supervised operational experience it's a long time ago making myself feel old here but uh when i was doing so after i got my pic type rating in the vision jet as he says max if you're you know at cruz or you're at a non-critical stage of flight and you're not doing something you're doing something wrong you know voice should be the weather productive you know looking two or three steps ahead and so yeah we'll take a peek here at the weather 130 knots 130 degrees uh at eight knots 138 10 miles clear and it's 12 degrees celsius so a really pleasant night back home all right i'm going to turn off the cameras here and we'll get them back on for the arrival into white plains all right we're back just got the switch from boston to another boston center frequency so we're going to go check on now good evening boston center citation 2 romeo fox shot 17-2 descending to 1 to 4 000. foxtrot alpha from you alpha november figures of the localizer for my 160 westchester all right thanks director fahren to join the localizer for one six to our mailbox we will get the checklist up here time the usual stuff decent pressurization is definitely good old westchester at 439 feet lights are good and we don't need to do the defog avionics arrangements are checked and set we're going to be doing the ils approach to runway 1.6 which is 109.7 final approach course is 163 glide slopes at zimmer 6 39 is a position altitude that is set one two times get the gladstone bent zimmer if we have to go miss it's a thousand feet on the runway heading then a climbing left turn to three thousand i'm heading one five zero and the outbound laguardia zero four four radial to harp on the 23.5 dma so good stuff there hopefully doesn't have to happen tonight and that is that fuel transfer is off zero lights are good no passengers we're want to be big boy jet pilot so we'll put the seat belt sign on because it sounds cool messages no messages and pressurization needs to be at 0.5 by touchdown breakthrough 4951 boston center on one three three yeah so if anyone has any comments or suggestions for different sorts of videos that you think would be cool to show uh please do let me know in the comment section below we do have some uh a couple special guests coming up in the next few months we have a west coast series which we're going to be filming which is going to be a lot of fun over the summer time so stay tuned for that and then we have oshkosh so a lot of cool stuff coming this summer which i cannot wait to share with everyone it's going to be going to be a great time no more to romeo foxtrot he's going to maintain 6 000 6 000 citations i shall give you a restriction across 10 miles north of baron at maintain 6 [Applause] 10 miles before so we're just going to basically make a fix here so 10 miles north of fahren and we'll put that at 6 000 feet so we're just basically making a fake fix 10 miles from farren at 6 000 feet and that is selected so we can see now um we have eight at 115 contacting your approach one two eight point five five we have a tougher december point in about five miles and that's gonna make that restriction at six thousand feet ten miles before fair so pretty cool stuff all kind of tricks and uh and really neat things that the g2000 can do so another cool thing which was a kind of a big announcement that recently just came out was the long-awaited 4.8 software update from garmin and textron for the uh cj3 plus so we now have the option of basically upgrading all our software to make it faster and better processors really exciting some different fonts and some stuff can add electronic checklist which i know everyone says it's um it's like a meeting it's like i'm reading a checklist from a uh dinner table menu the restaurant menu but uh yeah that might be coming to an end here shortly so it just was released about two about a week and a half ago um and uh it's very exciting number two foxtrot contact new york approach one two zero point folks seven half hotels come right one two zero one two zero five two seven off hotel to roaming fox radio over parents cleared ils only one six approach good eye let's approach one six eight coming up on ten thousand charlie up 1777 optimist three zero one one one one luke luke green beautiful looking really good two roman fox 15 speed checks we're doing one so i'm back to 170 here good evening citation two romeo foxtrot four outside zimmer for the atlas one six all right glideslope we got speed brakes down always a good check if you put the wing inspection light on you can always just do a double check the speed brake is down all right we're just over the final approach fix let's go gear down okay gear down three green no red below 161 knots that's our final indication that we go flat 35 it's a limitation all right autopilot pilot your dampener is away before landing checks are complete beautiful nice and stable five hundred minimums minimums ah greased it speed brakes are out do you remember parking we're going to good old rockies tonight turn left one able to attack the alpha roster frequency all right cool uh are we gonna take golf and uh then we can join alpha sure thanks so much have a good night all right all right all right golf and alpha we made it amazing welcome back home question county airport did enjoy the video please hit that thumbs up and subscribe button down below greatly appreciate it hope you enjoyed the video and we'll see on the next one take care you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrNice-gw5dt [1 likes]: great flight Max!
  2. @wind79980 [1 likes]: It's overspeed on 12:40?!
  3. @thatfeeble-mindedboy: I wonder who pays all the bills for little forays like this … ?
  4. @samuelrobinson7893: I love how I'm absolutely blown away by the levels of aviation! But it's just another Tuesday for him 😂 awesome video and great content @
  5. @Anonymous-lv1jm: How are you allowed to fly a jet alone? What if you become incapacitated?
  6. @Flyinlow1211: I've got a little time in turbo prop...but I'd love to experience a jet.
  7. @chuckThomas-HHH-7: Isn’t Alien 👽 technology great!🤓
  8. @lianecornils6603: 👮🏼‍♀️🏩.  Should have always looked ahead.
  9. @Rodgerball: Is these avionics the Collins Pro-line Fusion System?
  10. @Rodgerball: Lobsta run.
  11. @Rodgerball: Too cheap to pay for a GPU?
  12. @KashifKhursheed-ng1vk: Dampner. You know it dampens...the yaw and all.
  13. @NativeEffect: What a fast take off ❤
  14. @crowtubecrozier2857: Please take me for a short flight, or long!!!!
  15. @crowtubecrozier2857: that's cool you took off out of Portland Maine. I grew up near the airport! Great video.
  16. @stephenperschall3246: Great job video cool Stephen perschall from slidell Louisiana God bless thanks again
  17. @galviano: not that I would ever wish this, but I notice you go through a scenario where you would have to turn around, or abort a takeoff....has this every happened where you would have to abort, or turn around?
  18. @pumaservices9861: Thanks for sharing this beautiful video, flying at night is really spectacular!
  19. @paulwillhite5176: Love it😅
  20. @mannychoi9012: AI will make it easy to fly soon? without talking too much.

- Cirrus Vision Jet Flight Vlog! Bumpy Ride to California!: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Welcome back to another video. We're inside 12 Victor Julia right now at Atlantic FBO at Portland International Airport in Oregon. Heading back to Sacramento Mlen Airfield. It's going to be some weather. 31,000 ft 2 hours up in the air. Let's go flying. Thanks for watching. [Music] All right, everyone. Welcome aboard. Going to fire up this engine, go from there. Just dropped off some family. It was quite a bit of weather coming in, but should be a fun one. Pre-flight inspection is complete. Door is shut one, two, three times. That looks good. Parking brake is set. Batteries are on. Gens are coming on. External GPU not needed. FedEx Bravo is current. Turn on the strobe light. Check the casts. Cast messages. They are good. Thrust is idle. I'm clear. Right, forward and left. Let the gentleman know we're starting. N2 light off and ignition. Looking for N1 before 25. I see it. Monitor it. It oil temps looking good. Oil pressure is coming up. It's accelerating nicely. It's a good start. All righty. That was a good start. Continue with our checklist. Auction master is coming on. Avionics initialization. Databases are good. Go ahead with our prefired test. Fire. Stall. Stall. Stall. All right, that was all good. The only person on board today. Fill up this weight and balance. All righty, we got our digital ATIS texted to me as well as my um pre-eparture clearance. Pretty cool. Going into certain airports, we can get just texted our clearance. So, we don't even need to call clearance. Go ahead and put in our route destination today. Kilo Mike Charlie, our home base, Mlullen Airfield. Going to plan runway 10 left. is what we just landed on. We need 2436. We have 9800. That is all good. We can accept initialization. Caps pin is coming removed. Passengers, no one is with me. Seat belts on secured. Bleed is coming on. All right, comms and now. All right, we're going to go procedure departure. We are on the Portland departure runway 10 left. Gonna go ahead and load that. So, we're going to go ahead and look at it. Ground rising 2299 Charlie 22 229 runway 10 left climb to climb heading 103 to 500. Climb on assigned heading for radar vectors to assign route fix. Maintain assigned altitude. Expect file outs do within five minutes. 10 left standard climb, minimum of 350 feet per nautical mile. We can quite easily do that. So that all looks good. We're going to go two over four. I see auto throttle is engaged. Heading mode. Flight level change. That looks good. Adis clearance. We got texted. We got Lima. Upter is set. Transponder is set. Heading initial altitude is set. Flight controls. I'm up and down. Up and down. That is good. Free incorrect. Trim is set. Flaps are coming. 50. Electric roll trim is set. Toga button. We just did. Pitch attitude. Cast. Seat belts. Parking brake is coming. Released. We'll check the brakes as we taxi. Go from there. Hello. Vision jet 12 Victor Juliet over at Atlantic. Information Lima. Ready to taxi. Vision 12 Victor Juliet. Portland grounds. Taxi via whiskey hold short alpha. All right, taxi whiskey hold short alpha 12 Victor Juliet clear right forward and left the guy now we're good to taxi. Good afternoon. SC 3918 on alpha inbound gate delta 9 3918 Portland ground taxi via alpha alpha 6 kilo park alpha alpha 6 kilo park 3918 to Victor Juliet runway 1 left at tango taxi via whiskey alpha 1 left at tango tax via whiskey alpha 12 Victor Juliet right some air coming All right, clear on the right forward and left. Right, departure frequency is going to be 118.1. That is all set. We are clear left. Departure briefing one left. We got plenty of runway. If I don't like anything on the initial ground roll, I'm going to go ahead and stop. Brakes and thrust. 0 to 600 ft. We're landing straight ahead. gear and flaps as required above 600 ft. We can pull the parachute if we have a total loss of engine. However, if everything is normal, we're going to be following the departure up to 6,000 and above 2,000. If I don't like anything, we'll just come back here. Just met an awesome Cirrus pilot here at Atlantic. He came from South Carolina with his wife and his SR22 Turbo. Super cool meeting Cirrus pilots at FBOs's, especially ones that watch the channel. So big thank you. Um and yeah, he's heading to Newport right now. One of the most gorgeous areas honestly you can fly. So stoked for him. All righty. Taxi 10 left at Tango. This will be intersection departure, but still plenty of runway. Right. Departure briefing is complete. We'll make sure our landing lights on. We'll make sure our probes are on. Engine IPS is going to be off right now. Wing stabs are off. Cast are checked. We got probe heat off cast. That's totally normal since it's not on. And a fuel imbalance cast and that is totally normal too. As we turn sometimes the sensors get bounced around so no issues there. Caster check. Trim is set. Flaps are 50. Looking good. Hey ground sky is 3361. Bravo 4 for gate bravo 4. Sky is 3361. Portland ground tax straight ahead join tango to the gate. Straight ahead joint tango to the gate. Sky is 3361. Going to go ahead and put away my boogie board. It's great for right down clearances. I'll put that link in the description. Go ahead and switch over to tower. November one 12 Victor Juliet Portland tower. You're ready to go. Affirm two Victor Juliet. Number two, Victor Julia, caution wake turbulence embra departed when calm. Runway 1 Z left at tango cleared for takeoff. Turn left heading 085. All right, on departure left turn heading 085. Runway 10 left at tango intersection. We are clear for takeoff. One two Victor Julia. Thank you. They said caution or weak turbulence. That embra did depart quite a few minutes ago, so I feel comfortable with that. Coming up here on clear left, clear right. Probes on, landing lights on. Flaps are 50 before takeoff checks are complete. All right, that's runway one left. Compass degrees, stable takeoff. Takeoff power is set and achieved. When you get engine air speed is passing through 60 knots. There's rotation. Positive rate on the brakes. Gear up. Looking for 115 for flaps. 115. Clear of obstacles. Clam power. Coming up 400 ft. Clear left. Left turn. Coming in. helicopter Romeo Tangomin tower 12.9er keep score 1 to 0.9er have a good day to for tango there's heading 085 climbing at 6000 looking good Victor Julia traffic off to your left and about 2 miles eastbound helicopter 1,500. Contact departure. Have a great day. Look for traffic over departure. Good day. One 12 Victor Julia. I don't see that traffic, but air way below us now. I'll keep that climb going. Departure low vision 12 Victor Julia 2.3 climbing 6,000 heading 085. November 1 Victor Juliet departure radar contact 15,000. Climate 15,000. One 12 Victor Juliet 12 Victor Juliet. southbound moderate turbulence in the climb 9,000 and above. Roger to Victor Julius. Delta 2551 standby. All right, 15 is set. Still on the heading. We're looking good. Just doing a little bit of hand flying. Delta 251 are looking good. Pressurization 2691. November 12 Victor Julia, turn right heading two 0. Right, turn heading two 0. One two Victor Julia. All right, we are clear. Great. Turn the engine IPS on. We're going to be going in the clouds here shortly or pretty soon. So, it's good to get that warmed up. All right. 5,000 climbing 15 in the turn. We're looking good. Sky 6536 contact tower 123.77 2377 sky 6536 good day there's heading 20 0 right go ahead and turn on autopilot we are heading mode flight level change up to 15,000 we're looking Ryzen 2029. Contact approach 126.9 269 29. We'll see. Well, this is when I would say beautiful day to go flying. It's honestly kind of some not so fun weather to go flying in today, but at our top altitude of 31, um, we'll be above it all. I just flew through it from Sacramento um with my grandpa, my uncle, and my uncle's girlfriend, and it got really bumpy at 16,000. November 12, Victor Julia, turn right heading 24. Right turn heading 24. One, Victor Juliet. November 822, Mike Charlie, climb, maintain 7,000. 7,000, right? So, we're just going to expect the bumps today. Be patient with it. And yeah, we had quite a bit of icing as well, but definitely a great day to be in a turbine aircraft to just get above everything. November 2 033. No traffic reserve between you and McMenzville Airport. Report for cancellation on this frequency or if unable 18.35 on the ground. Busy day flying today. Dropped off family in Portland and then go back to Mlullen picking up more family and we're going to Phoenix Sky Harbor. So, lots of flying today. It's been great to get back in 12 Victor Julia. It's going into its annual soon, so we're definitely making the best out of it. Um, until yeah, it goes into its annual checkup. All right, 12,000 definitely starting to get quite bumpy here. There's lots of weather just coming through the Pacific Northwest starting from Portland all the way down to Red Bluff. Pop number one Victor Juliet turn left heading 180 left turn eight Victor Juliet Victor Juliet contact center 1258 258 good day one Victor Juliet thanks for the heads up 227 Seattle center jet 12 Victor Juliet 13.7 climbing 1500 in the turn heading 180 November 12 Victor Juliet Seattle center roger climate maintain 230 Expect a continuous moderate drop. I maintain 230. We'll expect 12 Victor Julia. Great service and help. Eugene now. Two Victor Julia. All right. Nav mode Eugene 23. This is good. I definitely don't love bumps, but I especially don't like it when I have my grandpa and family on board. But just kind of is what it is. We're starting that moderate shop here. The worst of it. I fell at 16. We are currently above 16 now, but we're good. Just getting bounced around pretty darn good. We're close to our maneuvering speed though of 150 knots indicated, which I do like. Not picking up any icing, but I'm definitely turning on the windshield IPS just so my windscreen doesn't fog up. Not fog up, but ice up. Like once the wings start icing up, we turn on our boots. One of those days. We're just at 4,000 ft per minute on our vertical speed. There's 4400. Actually, remember two Victor Juliet contact center 132.07 3207. Good day. One 12 Victor Juliet. Seattle center low vision jet 12 Victor Juliet 20.2 Two, climbing flight level 2 three 0. Viking 11 flight Seattle center. Roger. Moderate chop reported between flight level 2 three 0 and 2 niner zero. Vision jet 12 Victor Juliet Seattle center climb and maintain flight level 3 1 0. I maintain flight level 3 1 2 Victor Juliet. Right 31 is set. We're going to check on our wing. It is still clear. Looking good. Alaska 86 21,000 ft. We are definitely climbing. Well, the bumps are helping us in this case. Hopefully, we can get above it all shortly. So, as I was saying, my my grandfather was on the aircraft on the way to Portland. Oh, look at that. We're breaking out pretty quite nicely here. And um yeah, he just doesn't love flying airlines now. as he gets older, he kind of has some breathing problems here and there. So, being in a private aircraft where I do have um quick access to oxygen or if we need to go somewhere, it is really nice to have. So, I love flying with him and I know he does as well. So, it's been a such a great tool for my family to use this aircraft to um just cruise up the West Coast. As you guys know, West Coast Flyer, that's my it's my name on YouTube, but I do travel all over the country. I've taken this thing to Florida and I've taken a vision jet like this all the way to Sweden to the Atlantic crossing. So I don't just fly the West Coast, but if you're from the West Coast, you know that it's the best coast. All right, 24 climbing 31. Looking good. Just getting above it all right now. Going to go ahead and turn off my windshield IPS. We're going to keep the engine on. to Victor Juliet. Clear direct red. Clear direct red bluff. One two Victor Right. Nav mode. Red blood. And the turn. All right. We're going to hear the ding. Turn to go. 31 is set. Cruise checklist. Thrust levers good. Auto throttles on. Ice protection as required. 31,000 is captured. Cruise checks are complete. All right, everyone. Welcome to 31,000 ft. We're going to go ahead and turn off the cameras, enjoy the views, and uh we'll catch you in the descent into Sacramento. Thank you so much for watching. We'll talk soon. Maintain 4000. Maintain 4000. Right turn 320 zero Charlie Delta kind of Magguire approach 126.47. All righty everyone welcome back. We are in our descent to Sacramento Mlen 17.7 descending pile discretion 4000. We have the one minute weather at Mlen. Winds are quite strong down the runway. six is in use. Not in use, but it's favoring runway 1 16. We're going to use 16. There's no tower McL. Yeah, we're getting set up for the ILS runway 16. All right, we can continue with our descent checks. Thrust lever is good. Landing field is good. Ice protection. We got the engine on. Altimeter transition. Seats and seat belts, I am good. Brake pressure. I do feel brake pressure. Go ahead and brief this approach. Localizer runway 16 or localizer runway 16. We got the weather 274 will be our next frequency. CTF 22 975. We know it. Final approach course is 163. Final approach fix is voodoo. Voodoo at 1500. We'll bring that down to 277. which is 200 ft AGL. Airport elevation is 77. That checks out for me. Missed approach. Recline to 1200 then climbing right turn to 2200 outbound via the MCCVR radio. 344 to bonds and on. So we are currently direct dashing pop discretion 4,000. And yeah, once we land it'll be a left turn off to Mlullen jet services. Going to grab some fuel. Going to grab my sister. Gonna grab my sister's boyfriend and um our dog and say goodbye to my parents, my girlfriend, and I got some work to do in Phoenix. Fly another vision jet. So, we're going to Phoenix. So, should be fun. Approach briefing is complete. All seats are upright. Ice protection is good for now. We'll make sure we turn off engine IPS before we land, but we need it right now. Lights are on. Standby flaps. Going to be giving away a free online ground school course thanks to Flight Apprentice. I am not sponsored by Flight Apprentice, but my good friend did start Flight Apprentice. He is a corporate jet pilot and um he was my flying mentor. He got me into it and he was my instructor and just I ran through all of um the courses for the ratings I was going for and it just helped me a ton. So um in order to um win this free ground school, I want you to drop your story in the uh comment section here on this YouTube video. Tell me why you think you should get the free ground school and then I'll be going through and uh picking in someone. So yeah, thank you so much for watching. Number two, Victor Juliet at Dashy, join the localizer. Descent and maintain 30,000. At Dashy, join the localizer. Send maintain 30,000. 12 Victor Julia. Punching through some clouds here at 11,000. Negative icing. It's been quite the smooth smooth flight. It's going to be quite windy though when we land. Huge runway though, so that definitely helps us for landing. No two Victor Julia number one is sealed. Keep your speed up as long as practice. We're number one and we'll keep our speed up. Practical one two Victor Julia. All right, VNAV coming in, but 3000 is set. Looking good. Number two, Victor Julia, when the time comes, report cancellation of IFR in near this frequency or on the ground 11 nin or 82. Roger that. One two Victor Julia will plan on cancelling either with you or on the ground 1982. Thank you. 4126 contact tower 125.7 2 descending 3000 looking good cloudy day been in the clouds a lot today flying I enjoy it though especially flying Garmin equipped aircraft it just makes it a lot more simple than if you were not to fly with Our approach mode is armed. Victor Julia, maintain 180 knots to greater 180 or better. One 12 Victor That's what we're doing right now. 185. But we do need to slow down with the bumps, but help him out just a bit. Go a little bit faster. United 20. Maintain 5. Just break now. 43 Victor Julia. Traffic 10:00 one mile southwestbound. Airbus 6,000 descending to 5,000. They'll be stepping down over the top. Passengers behind you. Caution. Turbulence. All right. Thank you. We'll be looking 12 Victor Juliet. It looks like they're pretty much in the clouds, so I can't see them quite Juliet. Maintain 3,000 to dashy. Cleared to west runway 16 approach. M end of mone. Maintain 1 170 kn final. 170 um or greater till 5 mile final. Maintain 3000 till dashy. Clear for the ILS runway 1612. Victor Juliet IPS can come on off now. Seno will continue in ground track to ILS 17 left United 128 Victor Julia do you plan on canceling any error on the ground? All right, field site cancel IFR please. Are we still allowed to just clip that Charlie airspace though one two Victor Juliet two Victor Juliet a primitive IFR cancellations received and uh yeah you're you're still approved. You can remain on your code until landing. There'll be a citation following you in afterwards. Thanks for the cancellation change to advisory frequency is approved. All right, frequency change approved and yeah we'll keep it VFR all the way in. And you got my IFR cancellation. Great day. One two Victor Julia. Yep. United 12 and maintain 400. A little bit different verbiage he used. So I just want to make sure. Hey, you do have my IFR. All righty. The localizer is coming on in. All righty. We are established. We can go down to 2200 now. Vertical track. Right. Path is coming in. Traffic SC 665 full mile final runway 16 call traffic vision jet 12 Victor Juliet one mile final runway 16 inbound ILS jet services vision jet 12 Victor Juliet here go ahead for jet services yes jet services vision jet 12 Victor Juliet landing here in about 5 minutes. If you can have the jet a truck on arrival, that'd be great. Please. Quick turn. Copy. I'll let them know. Thank you. Thank you. Speed check. First notch flaps coming in. Flops are 50. Air speed is come back. I'm going to say 150. All right, we can continue down to 1500. Now that we're pass Bonds, there is our glide slope. Going to keep our speed up for the person behind us. All right, missed approach. Altitude is 2200 2200 is set. Our minimums are set at 277, but we are just VFR now. So, we're going to keep our head outside. Traffic vision jet 12 victory juliet five mile final runway 16. And thank you to the aircraft that um went out to the west to let us come in. You didn't have to do that, but we appreciate it. All right, speed is coming back now. Speed check. Gear's coming down. Three green, no red. Landing gears down. Three green, no red. Flops, one notch to go. Captain pressure is coming down. Windshield APS off. All righty. I'm going to go ahead and go autopilot off. Speed check. Flaps are coming full. All right, before landing three green, no red for laps are full. Yep to go. 500 500 call out. Gears down and locked. Mullen traffic paragon flight 605 citation excel. Uh we're currently 8 miles out on the ILS runway 16 mlen traffic vision jet 2 Victor Juliet short final 16 full stop Mlen and correction par 60 we're on 16 we're going to start easing back our speed minimums minimums Power's coming out. Greased it. All right, they are still the citation's not on our tail. So, I'm going to be nice to our brakes. Exit at Delta. That'll get us straight into Mlone. There we are. Clearlands. Call traffic vision jet 12. Victor Juliet clear runway 16 delta. Taxi clon jet services call traffic. All righty. Flaps are up. Landing light is off. Probe is off. Probes are off. Right everyone. Well, thank you so much for watching. Welcome back to Sacramento Mlullen. Um, we'll see you on the next video. Thanks so much for watching. Have a great one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @citycity22 [1 likes]: Man, MSFS 2024 really does not do this justice.
  2. @BrandonColePhotography [1 likes]: I'm a US Navy controller. Love the attention to detail, read back calls, even the climb and descent instructions, checking into center and much more.  Controller and pilot relationship is nothing but trust especially when inclement weather is involved. The IFR cancellation was a bit fumbled and I know why the controller came back and asked if you wanted to cancel in the air or on the ground again.  When we have to keep waiting for pilots to give the cancellation it just adds more to the plate but when you get that cancellation early it makes it a bit easier cancelling that flight following.
  3. @edgaremralino7512 [1 likes]: That radio communication is alien languange to me.  Is that taught in the pilot school?  Seriously asking pls.
  4. @RustyNotesTV [1 likes]: This is good and all, but how the hell can you fly this with your left hand?! Unless you're left handed haha. I can't even use a computer mouse with the wrong hand, or brush my teeth! Now imagine flying a damn plane with a joystick in the wrong hand. Jesus christ haha!
  5. @filmjunkie4034 [1 likes]: Very professional 🛩️❤❤
  6. @StewieGriff-x4v: Christ in heaven grow some facial hair! you look like you're 12!!
  7. @theking-tn7mk: I could just set back with a cup of Dutch Brothers coffee and enjoy this video.
  8. @MohamedBangoura-v2f: This was super helpful, thanks!
  9. @echo1275A: So...not a pilot. During long flights, can you nap?
  10. @stiinky5269: dont know shit about planes, but great video! that landing seemed butter smooth
  11. @xDoyle514: wow that Cirrus is beautiful. Color combo is perfect
  12. @KD-bk7gd: Flying really has gotten over complicated. I totally understand why, but imagine flying 70 years ago with none of this bs. Love the video though.
  13. @cadevaughn7596: 22 years old piloting a 3 million dollar plane. What a privilege.
  14. @NOTICIERDIGITAL: me gusta el avion pronto voy a comprar uno igual al tuyo ...
  15. @MeanderPilot: If only an opportunity to fly such an amazing plane presented itself. I don't come from an aviation family and have no network. Currently a CFII with commercial multi IRA and can't find a job
  16. @Participant616: So cool.
  17. @darryljones7603: ❤
  18. @scottsingleton9548: Pretty Kool love it
  19. @luvuyomashalaba4689: This is so cool!
  20. @TheUniqu3: At 18:59 of the video. When he showed that bible verse and the plane with the 3 empty seats. I just felt like god was talking to me. I pray I find peace and wealth to own my own plane like that. I just saw myself like I was the one recording in thst part of the video. Unfortunately I’m a felon. Idk if I can fly or own something like this.

- My First Cessna 172 Solo Flight In 25 Years!: Kind: captions Language: en This is a Cessna 172, an aircraft that I haven't flown in 25 years. And even though I used to fly fighter jets and now I fly for a major commercial airline, I'm going to try and learn how to fly a Cessna again because my goal is to travel halfway across the country to fly the exact same Cessna 172 that I did my very first solo flight in 25 years ago. And the truth is this is going to be a lot harder than I expected and it was definitely going to cost me a lot of money. So, thank you Avemco for your support. Now, let's get started. I'm Hoover and welcome to Hoover's Hangar. In order to accomplish my mission, I needed to find the Cessna that I did my very first solo in. Then I had to find a good flight instructor that I could trust and the plan was to knock out at least three training flights and then finally do my solo flight. I know it sounds simple and you might not think there's a lot to it, but to be honest, this is much more than just another flight in a Cessna 172. It's about reconnecting with my love for aviation and how my whole journey started before the airlines and before the fighter jets. And if I'm going to do this the right way, I needed to be as safe as possible and I had a lot of work to do along the way and it all starts with a walk around. By the way, this is Michael, my flight instructor who's going to be helping me on this journey, but more about him later. For right now, I already know what you're thinking. That's a nice looking panel on that Cessna 172 and you're right, it is and it's definitely not what I had when I did my first solo 25 years ago. Unfortunately, I don't have any photos from back then and if you ask my kids why, they'd tell you it's because cameras weren't invented yet. But the truth is that most of you remember a time when we didn't have GoPros or cell phones to document everything we did in an airplane and the only place we kept those memories was in a paper logbook. In fact, here's my original logbook from 25 years ago and you can see that I did my first solo on June 13th, 2000 in November 6601 Kilo. We took off from the Davis Airfield at the United States Air Force Academy and after we landed at A50, which is the Colorado Springs East Airfield, I still remember my instructor hopping out of the plane and wishing me the best. It was a short flight, just a few laps around the pattern, but it was an amazing feeling that I'm never going to forget and what's really neat about that experience is that almost every pilot that I've spoken to remembers their very first solo. And when I was thinking about getting back into GA flying again, I thought how cool would it be to go fly one of these Cessnas again. So, imagine my surprise when I found out that November 6601 Kilo was still owned and being operated out of the flight club at the Air Force Academy. Now, I wish I had some photos from my first solo flight and if you're a student pilot or thinking about becoming a pilot, my advice is to take a lot more photos than I did because you're going to wish you had them 25 years from now. Regardless, I imagine the interior probably looked something like this at the time, a standard six-pack with steam gauges without a bunch of advanced avionics or Garmin displays and a paper checklist that probably hasn't changed very much over the years. And the truth is that I was kind of hoping to get checked out in a Cessna like this because sometimes all the avionics and the technology can be too much when all you want to do is a simple VFR flight. However, considering that the Cessna I did my first solo in has had some upgrades over the years and this is what it looks like now. And also considering that all I've known for the past 25 years is heads-up displays, glass cockpits and lots of automation, it was probably a better choice and almost second nature to be in a Cessna with a setup like this and it's something I was very comfortable with. That being said, it's important to remember how this journey first started. I don't know when you first thought about being a pilot or flying, but I grew up in Central Florida and when I was a kid, I wanted to be an astronaut. If you remember the 1980s, space shuttle launches were a big deal back then and what was really cool was we could see them from across the state where we lived. Tragically, one of my core memories from childhood was when our entire elementary school gathered outside on January 28th, 1986. If that day sounds familiar, that's because it was the day the space shuttle Challenger broke apart in flight moments after lift-off and we saw it happen in real time. I didn't really understand the significance of it at that time, but it didn't stop me from thinking that one day I might be an astronaut. The only problem was life was going to get in the way. Relax. Okay. Now ready for the start, so you can grab the checklist. And we'll start on the left-hand side there. As I grew older, my parents ran into some financial problems. They had to declare bankruptcy and they fought a lot and for a period of time my dad didn't seem to be around very much. I still remember when I was starting junior high and we had to move in with my grandma where I shared a bedroom with my three younger siblings. I really hated the situation we were in and this was probably the lowest point in my life. We're prop. Thankfully, my mom was always there for us and I didn't like it, but she forced us to go to church every Sunday. And eventually, she made me go to a summer youth retreat with the church and that's where I gave my life to Christ and things finally started to turn around. My mom was really amazing, but unfortunately, this was the one time that she let me down. I blame her for this glamour shot and it's also her fault for letting me get a perm when I was 10 years old because I wanted to look like Kirk Cameron, but thankfully, those photos don't exist anymore. Regardless, I now had a positive outlook on life, but unfortunately, no one in my family had ever gone to college and because money was tight, I wasn't sure what I was going to do with my life. My childhood dream of becoming an astronaut was almost a distant memory by this point. As I was getting ready for my senior year of high school, I was in the guidance counselor's office to talk about my future and that's when I saw a brochure for West Point, the United States Military Academy and I realized that I could actually go to college for free and the military would even pay me to do it. To be perfectly clear, this had nothing to do with me wanting to be an astronaut or wanting to fly. At this point, I was just trying to find the easiest way to go to college and move away from home. That's why I applied to West Point, the Naval Academy, the Air Force Academy and I think I even applied to the Merchant Marine Academy. No offense, but I was getting desperate. Thankfully, everyone but the Air Force Academy rejected me. So, the next thing I knew, I was headed out to Colorado. The reason why I'm sharing all of this is because sometimes people are like, "Oh, you went to the Academy because you always dreamed of being a pilot." And with me, that wasn't really the case. All right, ready to taxi then? Yeah, we'll go to runway 23. That's what the jets were taking off of and that's what the windsock looks like in favor. All right, Monroe Skyhawk 2746 Lima, taxi from Hangar 9 runway 23 Monroe. As we taxied out, I have to admit that this probably wasn't the best day to go flying for my very first lesson back in the Cessna 172. That's because we had a 15 knot direct crosswind. Technically, that's the manufacturer's maximum demonstrated crosswind component, but we had a good conversation about the risk and went over the crosswind procedures before we even started the engine. And the most important thing is that we both felt comfortable doing the flight. We pulled into the run-up area and as we were doing all of our before take-off checks, I couldn't help but think about some of the mishaps that I've talked about on my other YouTube channel where pilots get complacent and they don't use a checklist or they rush through things and if I'm doing a debrief on it, then it usually doesn't end well for them. That's why it's so important to follow the checklist and take as much time as you need. Uh mixture set for best power, carb heat is off, heater heat. We're not going to need it. Uh it's required. switch, it's right there. This is first time in 25 years I didn't have to turn on the heater heat. Really? We're not going in any clouds. Yeah, I mean it's like, you know, every cuz you know, I'm so used to it. We got an update on the winds and verified that by looking at the windsock and then we taxied to the hold short and now it was time to brief contingencies before I tried to take off in a Cessna for the first time in 25 years. Um abort plan today, anything happens below rotation speed, we're going to stop, get off the runway if we can. Uh exit the runway out the back of the airplane. Um anything beyond rotation and we're below 1,000 ft AGL, we're going to immediately pitch for best glide, land on whatever's in front of us if it's more runway that we got. If it's another field, 30° left or right of our nose. Above 1,000 ft, we'll assess the situation. If we're in the pattern here, left downwind or something like that, we'll just glide it back into the runway. But if we're out in the practice area above 1,000 ft, we will run the necessary checks, pitch for best glide, get to the best landing site. Any questions? No questions. All right. That's good for me. Ready. Monroe traffic, Skyhawk 2746 Lima taking off runway 23 Monroe. Monroe still clear. Yeah, runway is clear. I was a little bit nervous as we pulled onto the runway, but I was mostly excited to have the chance to do this. And the purpose of the flight was to head out to the practice area to do some steep turns and stalls and just get a feel for flying the aircraft again. Yeah, ailerons into the wind. Yeah. All right, all the way in. Engine instruments in the green, air speed's alive, we're past rotation speed. Let's rotate. Nice and gentle pull back here. And there we go. Yeah, we're good. You can bring us coordinated now and just let us climb out. Let the airplane weather vane into the wind. Roger. If you remember from earlier, one of my goals was to find a good flight instructor. I wanted someone that really loved to teach and that I could also trust to challenge me and make sure I was 100% ready to solo before they signed me off. And Michael was definitely the man for the job. Even though he's only 20 years old, he has about 700 hours in a Cessna 172 and I could tell from the first time we met and from the walk around that he was a great instructor. All right, good job with the takeoff. Like you never left GA. Yeah, yeah. It could have been better. Always room for improvement. Oh, yeah. That doesn't mean it wasn't good, though. Even though Michael was a great instructor, one of my concerns was making sure that he didn't assume that I knew what I was doing and that he felt comfortable pointing out my mistakes. That's why one of the first things I told him was that even though I've been flying for 25 years, I have almost zero general aviation time and he shouldn't assume that I know what I'm doing. He's the expert in the Cessna and I trusted him to keep me safe. Thanks. Yeah. Um so we can go ahead and start setting up for maneuvers now. Okay. We'll go ahead and uh do our pre-maneuver checklist. So I usually use the acronym crack. So clearing turns, reference point, altitude, and then configuration. So do our clearing turns first left about roughly 90 degrees, looking outside high, low, same altitude for any sort of obstruction, any other airplanes, any birds, any drones. Then we're also looking for any good landing site. Plenty of fields down here below us so we have to choose from should an emergency arise. Okay, back to my story. Once I got to the Air Force Academy in Colorado, I was excited because I started remembering my dream of becoming an astronaut and I figured that nothing was going to stop me from becoming an astronaut now except math. That's what killed my dream. It was math. Speaking of dreams, when Michael was flying the aircraft for a minute, I decided it would be a great time to ask him this question. What's the dream aircraft you could fly if you could pick anything? It goes back and forth. I love flying tail wheel airplanes. I want to do aerobatics and stuff like that one day. So I'd love to fly get in an old warbird. Um like a Corsair or Spitfire or Mustang or something like that. Uh but I think it'd be really cool to go fly an F-18. Cuz Yeah, how many other people can say that they've flown an F-18? And they're super capable airplanes. Yeah. So. At this point, I wasn't sure if he knew that I'd flown the F-18 before. Regardless, every pilot has a dream aircraft they want to fly and when I started my freshman year at the Academy, I didn't realize how quickly any dreams I had of being an astronaut would soon come to an end. Remember how I said math killed my dreams? Well, you see, I thought I was pretty good at math in high school, but when I started doing college level calculus and taking engineering classes, I was absolutely crushed. Halfway through my first semester, I had a 1.4 GPA and I realized two things. First of all, I wasn't going to get a degree in math or engineering. That was going to be too hard and I didn't want to be an astronaut that bad. Yeah, I know, I'm a quitter. Second, I needed to find the easiest way to graduate and because I'm stubborn and I like to argue with people to prove that I'm right, I decided to get a degree in legal studies. That's like the Air Force Academy's version of a pre-law degree and I thought that maybe I could be a lawyer one day and to be honest, I kind of stopped thinking about flying for a while. Uh so we're just going to go basically uh pull power back, yep, start slowing down and we get around 55 or or 60 knots, uh go ahead and put the power back in. Yep, anytime we're going below about 2,000 RPM, we will pull carb heat on. Okay. Just to make sure that we don't develop any sort of carburetor icing. And now we're just going to trade our airspeed for altitude. So just keep pitching back and keep us at 3,600 ft. Yep. Right about here, go full power? Yeah, go for it. Full power, bring that carb heat in and as we go up, we will compensate with right rudder for all of the left hand turn tendency. And just like that, we don't need to get the nose up super, super high. Okay. Just let the airspeed bleed off. There we go. Stall warning horn, we push down. Left rudder. Yep. Yep, nose comes down. We can start picking that nose back up again, right rudder. And they're starting to go back up and then we pitch right about there roughly for our climb. We ended up doing a few more stalls and this was really important because flying a Cessna is nothing like the F-15E or the F-18 and I wanted to get a good feel for the stall characteristics of the aircraft and all the warning signs. Anyways, as I was saying, when I got closer to graduating from the Academy, I found out that the Air Force doesn't really pay for people to go to law school, so that killed my plan to become a lawyer and then I had a tough decision to make. You see, when you graduate from the Academy, you automatically have a five-year service commitment, but if you went to pilot training, then it was an eight-year commitment. However, starting with my graduating class, they were increasing that to 10 years. I don't know about you, but I don't know that many 21-year-olds that are ready to make a 10-year commitment and I wasn't sure if I really wanted to be a pilot for the next 10 years. Either way, all of my friends were going to be pilots and I figured I'd give it a shot, but thanks to my incredible 2.51 GPA, I got to pick a class start date that was one year after graduating. The good news was that it gave me a year to figure out if I really wanted to be a pilot, especially since I didn't have a degree to become an astronaut. By the way, one of the coolest things I got to do while I was at the Academy was during one of the summer programs when we spent time with an F-15C squadron down in Florida and I got a chance to fly in the back seat of an F-15C having no clue I'd end up flying the F-15E just a few years later. What's your favorite thing about flying a 172? Uh just the memories. Like it everybody is almost everybody has flown a 172. Every pilot's been there so you can talk to anybody about it and then just flying it by myself solo, those memories of getting my private in them and everything like that. So. Have you kept track of how many students you've soloed? Uh how many students I've soloed from zero would be three. Okay. I've inherited a lot of students so I've gotten about five people their licenses so Okay. And um so I've gotten five people their licenses, but I've only had about three that I've sent all the way through from zero to hero. What's been your scariest moment? Um I've had a student put me into a spin. We were doing a power on stall. Okay. And we were practicing, you know, making sure that we were recovering with rudders and not ailerons. Of course, he went for the rudder or the ailerons, excuse me. And we got into an the incipient phase of the spin. So it wasn't fully developed and it wasn't anything crazy, but it was enough for him to realize oh, if I don't use rudders, I'm going to do this to myself. Yeah. So it was a it was definitely an eye-opening experience for him. But it definitely made me sit up and really grab the controls. that was here at Monroe? Yep, that was here at Monroe. Um it was uh last summer. Okay. Fortunately, I haven't had anybody almost scare me, you know, in a in a little while so I might be due for one. We'll see. It was great listening to Mike share what he loved about flying the Cessna and it made me think about all the flying experiences that I've had over the years and the lessons I've learned along the way. By the way, this is my mom and dad at my commissioning ceremony from the Air Force Academy and here's a picture of me at graduation about to start my aviation journey. As soon as I graduated, the Air Force put me through a program to get my private pilot certificate because they wanted cadets to have more exposure to aviation before they showed up at pilot training. That's how I started flying Cessna 172s out of the Air Force Academy 25 years ago. The program paid for 50 hours of flight time and that's exactly what I got with 13.8 of those hours being pilot in command time flying solo and I walked away with my private pilot certificate. Now here I was learning to fly a Cessna again and about to land one for the first time in 25 years and we had a good 15 knot direct crosswind to deal with so we decided we would make this one a full stop. But when I look back on my journey, I didn't realize the incredible opportunities that I would have, but also some of the struggles. For now, I'll let you be the judge of this landing and after the landing, I'll explain how I almost became a helicopter pilot. Little hot. Okay, all right. We're looking for 1,000 ft markers over there so those big white bars. Yep. Power back to about 17 or so. Here we go. We're going to pitch to maintain altitude. Okay. Let that airspeed bleed off. We're going to get below our white arc. All right. Here we can get in one notch flaps. 1,000, 2,000, 3,000. Here we go. Now just let that nose come down right about 75 or so. Okay. Yep, make sure we're keeping that power up about 15, 16 or so. All right, we'll go ahead and turn base here so we don't keep getting pushed away. Monroe traffic, Skyhawk 2746 Lima base runway 23, Monroe. Yep, and our crosswind correction is right aileron, left rudder for today just because they have a wind coming from the right. So when we get lined up there on final, we'll kind of get that in a little bit earlier on. Okay. So that way we're not trying to do it as we're in the roundout and flare. 500. All right, cool. We're good. Traffic on final is clear? Traffic on the runway clear? All right, we'll start 500. a little bit. We'll aim for about 70 today since we do have the gusts. Okay. Uh Monroe traffic, Skyhawk 2746 Lima turn final for runway 23, Monroe. Yep. All right, so we'll just kind of wait on that turn a little bit back a little bit of power off. Yep, we're kind of going to wind up waiting a little bit more just because we have so much. There's two white one red. Yep, left aileron or left rudder right aileron. See how much we're able to crab here. Power comes to idle. And then right here we're just going to nice and easily keep flying the airplane there. Yep, bring that nose up a little bit. Both main up. Yeah, just like that we're right on that right main, left main comes down, ailerons into the wind. All right. And then we can get on the brakes slightly and make alpha three. Okay, I got nervous because we ballooned a little bit and I thought we were going to slam into the runway, but it ended up being not too bad. And even though this first flight was over, I still needed to do a few more rides to knock out some patterns and finish up my training. Anyways, back to my story about how I almost became a helicopter pilot. While I was waiting to go to pilot training, I was assigned to a C-9 squadron at Ramstein, Germany, where I was an executive assistant. But the cool part was that I got to fly with them once or twice a month. Go pro. Strong turbulence on booster. The C-9 was responsible for air medical evacuations and patient transport. Basically, it was a flying ambulance and I got to see a lot of Europe on those trips. But to be honest, it felt like flying with a commercial airline and I wasn't sure if I wanted to do that kind of flying in the future. The most important thing that happened during that assignment was the squadron conducted air medical evacuations to help the victims of the USS Cole bombing in October of 2000. Even though I didn't get to go on any of those flights, it was great seeing the squadron in action doing the mission and helping save lives, and that was very inspiring. After a year in Germany, I headed off to pilot training at Laughlin Air Force Base in Del Rio, Texas. My class had just finished up ground school and we were getting ready to start flying the T-37 when 9/11 happened. I'll never forget being in the flight room and watching everything unfold on the TV. Flying was canceled for the day, but two days later I had my very first flight in the T-37. The mood had changed and there was a much greater sense of purpose behind the training that we were doing. Now here I was almost 25 years later with a new purpose and a new mission and we were about to take off on our second flight. Monroe traffic, Skyhawk 2746 Lima, taking the active for takeoff runway 23 departing to the southeast, Monroe. I was really enjoying flying the T-37 and initially I wanted to fly fighter jets after I graduated pilot training because that seemed to be a lot more exciting and challenging. However, two of my T-37 instructors happened to be prior MH-53 pilots and they played a large role in influencing my decision. If you're not familiar with the MH-53 aircraft, it was called the Pave Low and it was a long-range special operations and combat combat search and rescue flown by the Air Force at that time. These guys were awesome and I loved hearing all their stories about working with the special operations teams and even though most people put helicopters as their last choice at pilot training, it soon became number one on my list. That's right, I wanted to fly helos and I still think it would be really cool to get a flight in one someday on this channel. So if you know anyone, just let me know. See, this is the other thing I've got to get used to is using the trim. I haven't used, you know, touched the trim wheel in 25 years. It's the but it makes flying so much easier when when you get everything trimmed out, you know. You know, in the Strike Eagle we got trim but basically as soon as you take off and you go gear up, you do a couple clicks forward and nose down trim and then you won't touch it again the entire flight even even through landing. you just you don't need to. Yeah. This airplane I'll have to trim it. Uh not too much but a good bit. Dude, this is awesome. You forget how much fun it is to get out and actually go flying like on a nice day like this. We got like a high overcast but I mean it's still a great day to go flying. Like the winds are nice. Speaking of having fun, nothing beats the first time you get to solo an aircraft and this is a photo I took during my first solo flight in the T-37. And this is me getting thrown in the solo pool after that flight, a tradition that I hope they still continue today. Despite all the fun I was having, I had no idea my entire world was about to be turned upside down. When I was a few weeks away from finishing training in the T-37, something bad happened. We were coming back from the airspace and as we started to descend, I developed probably the worst sinus block you could possibly have. The kind where it feels like someone is shoving an ice pick in your eyeball. You see, the problem is the T-37 isn't pressurized and even though you're wearing an oxygen mask, the constant altitude changes, especially when you're doing spins and aerobatics, they'd wreaked havoc on my sinuses. I suffered through it and eventually we landed and that's when the flight doc at the base told me that I would never fly again because I had chronic sinusitis. Just like that, my journey to become a pilot was over. Or so I thought. Luckily, they sent me to the Air Force Medical Center in San Antonio to get another opinion and that's when I was told that I was fine and just needed to take some antibiotics and Flonase for seasonal allergies. And if you're not familiar, this is pretty typical for the military. I had to take several weeks off from flying and that meant I wouldn't get to track select with my class. That's the point about halfway through pilot training after T-37s where you picked the track that you wanted. Your choices were T-38s for fighters or bombers, T-1s for transport heavy aircraft, UH-1s for helos, or you could pick the C-130. I was the only one that wanted to fly helicopters, so if it hadn't been for my sinus block, I probably would have gotten my first pick. Do you still remember your first solo? Oh, yeah. Yep, yep, October 11th, 2023. How bad was it? It actually wasn't that bad. The first landing and the third landing were pretty good. The second one I got a little overconfident. Yeah, I was going to say, did you get the first and third landing on the same on the same pass? Yeah, I don't No, no, no, not at not the same time. I I did. I I think I got three landings on my first pass. No, no, no, my first pass was definitely one landing. But Yeah, it was it's after the second landing when I went and parked it after I did my three and everything like that. My instructor said, "Congratulations." And then I saw him walk up and check the tips of the propellers to make sure I didn't prop strike. It's funny how when I had that sinus block, I thought my career was over and then a few days later it wasn't. I ended up getting medically rolled back to the next class and now I was competing against someone else that desperately wanted to fly helos. During that delay, I had a chance to talk to all of my friends from my class that were now ahead of me, specifically the guys that were flying T-38s, and they convinced me to go ahead and put down T-38s for the fighter track as my first choice. And to be honest, flying fighter jets was probably always something that I wanted in the back of my mind, I just needed a little reassurance. Now before you say anything, just keep in mind that all of the T-37 instructor pilots that I had were helo pilots or heavy transport pilots. There weren't any former fighter pilots instructing in the T-37, so I didn't really have a positive influence trying to persuade me to fly fighters like I did with the helo guys convincing me that helos were the way to go. By the way, at this point in the flight, we had finished all of our area work and I was starting to feel more comfortable in the aircraft and now we were headed back to the pattern to practice some landings. So, if have you ever used the finer points? Are you familiar with that? I know about it. I haven't used it a whole lot. So I I would highly recommend it. It's free for flight instructors. But I used it to like kind of warm up a little bit and review all the system procedures. My buddy Jason Miller runs it. So it's like an app. And they've got all kinds of private pilot instrument training and all that stuff on there with videos. I was actually brushing up on all that for all of this. I want to make the most efficient use of my time and prepare myself. And so I was learning, you know, visual some of the visual references like like halfway up the strut for the runway for your space on the downwind. You know, so it was a really good refresher. The finer points didn't sponsor this video, but I want people to stay safe and I think it's a great resource. And if you sign up, I make a small commission and that helps support the channel because flying airplanes isn't cheap. Now when it comes to my story, I ended up getting my first pick to fly the T-38 and the other guy that wanted to fly helos got his chance to do so and everyone was happy. I spent the next several months completing my training and when you get near the end, they have assignment night. That's when you find out what plane you're going to fly after you graduate from pilot training. It's a huge deal and there are plenty of TikTok videos about it now, but back in 2002, we just had low-quality digital cameras and this was me finding out that I got my first choice and I was going to go fly the F-15E Strike Eagle at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base in North Carolina. I can't tell you how excited I was and my mom and dad both came out to my pilot training graduation. I got to take my kids flying. That's the that's the next thing. So my kids have never flown with me. You know, my wife has never flown with me with me behind the controls, you know, in all these years that we've been married, you know, like this has never happened. So so this is awesome. Really looking forward to Yeah, getting checked out in this again and now I can take that in my personal flights. Yep. So, we have him turn to As I was finishing the second flight, because we spent so much time in the airspace, we didn't have time to do a bunch of patterns, and that was the one thing that I was probably the most nervous about. You see, I've gotten so used to landing at much faster airspeeds that it was almost a little uncomfortable to go so slow, but also it's weird to hear the stall warning horn when you're trying to land. Regardless, this was something that was going to need more practice on the next So, for the flaps, I don't we got the flaps up right now. When would I use flaps for takeoff? Um generally on a soft field landing, you use them. They just help you get off the ground a little bit quicker. Um so, if you are on a soft field or an unimproved surface, you want to get off the ground as quick as you can so you can accelerate. And a normal takeoff is going to be no flap. Yeah. Okay. Most of the operations that we're going to do are going to be no flap. I eventually got to Seymour Johnson in January of 2003 a 9-month course to learn how to fly the F-15E. This is me looking over the forms with my instructor just before my very first flight in the Strike Eagle, and that flight was an incredible experience that I'll never forget. One of the unique things about this training is that you do a few flights with an instructor pilot in your backseat, and then once you pass your instrument check ride, you'll pretty much never have an instructor pilot in your backseat again. Instead, you're paired with a WSO throughout training, so you learn to operate as a crew from day one. As a side note, I obviously never got the chance to become an astronaut, but this guy did and he went through F-15E training with me and he would go on to command the SpaceX Crew 3 mission in 2021, and I'm super proud of him and that's about as close as I got to becoming an astronaut. Anyways, after graduating from training, I was assigned to the 336th world-famous Rocketeers at Seymour Johnson for my first operational assignment, and everyone always asks me, "How did you get the call sign Hoover?" Monroe traffic, Skyhawk 2746 Lima taking a runway 5 for departure, staying in the pattern, Monroe. Well, the truth is that when I showed up in the Rockets, I had to go get a fit check to make sure my harness and G-suit still fit. The only problem was somehow my gear had gotten swapped with someone else who was much larger than me, so nothing fit. And the guy working on my gear made the joke that they might have to get a women's G-suit since they might not have a men's size that was small enough. Look, I was a skinny guy back then. However, the truth is that there's no such thing as a woman's G-suit. And the most important thing you need to know about a fighter squadron is that as long as 10% of the story is true, then the whole story can be true. Yeah. Shift those feet to the bottom of the pedals. Heels to the floor. So, someone who overheard all of this decided to go around telling people in the squadron that there was this new guy that just showed up that likes to wear women's flight suits and flight gear because it's more form-fitting. There we go. RPMs set, engine instruments are in the green. Pretty soon a lot of people believed the story and I get the occasional weird look as I walk down the hall or someone might ask me if I really wore women's flight suits. Eventually, when it came time to get a call sign, I hadn't screwed anything up that they could make fun of me and use for my call sign, but they had this great story about a closet cross-dresser and it turns out that J. Edgar Hoover was a closet cross-dresser, so that's where Hoover comes from. I ended up doing a few combat deployments with the Rockets, but the best part about that assignment was that I was fortunate enough to meet the love of my life and of course I had to propose in Las Vegas at the Hoover Dam and we got married and she became Mrs. Hoover. After that first assignment, I was selected to participate in an exchange program with the Marine Corps flying the F-18D Hornet and we traveled across the country to Miramar in San Diego to complete 1 year of training flying the F-18. That was an awesome experience and I even got carrier qualified, but here's the thing. The Air Force would never do flight training the way the Navy and Marines do it. Typically, Navy and Marine pilots get exposure to the carrier when they do their training in the T-45, but I never did that. So, my first experience with a real aircraft carrier was walking onto the boat when it was in port and then the next day we were out at sea and I was told to go find your jet because it's your turn in the pattern. Speaking of patterns, today was the first time I had a chance to do some pattern work, but because of bad weather and my work schedule, it had been a month since my last flight, so I was definitely a little rusty. Okay, so whenever you're ready, we can go. Monroe traffic, Skyhawk 2746 Lima base runway 5, Monroe. Okay. So, no more than about 30° and be careful when we turn base, don't let the nose dip too much. We don't need to dive, the airplane will just come down. We're draggy and slow. I don't see anybody out there on final. And then we go flaps full here? Uh let's go with flaps 20. Yeah. 2 3, there's 20. I prefer to land with flaps 20. A lot of people like 30°, so we can feel it out, figure out which one you're comfortable with. Monroe traffic, Skyhawk 2746 Lima final runway 5, touch and go, Monroe. Okay, as I was saying, my biggest concern about the aircraft carrier was trying not to get hit by an F-18 while I was walking across an operational carrier deck for the very first time. Either way, I remember stepping out onto the deck and how crazy it was with the F-18s landing and taking off right in front of me, and somehow I made it to my jet and got started up and then taxied over to the catapult. Next thing I know, I was thrown back in my seat as I was launched from 0 to 165 mph in less than 2 seconds. The aircraft jumped off the deck, I turned downwind, then base, and I was on final and landing just a few minutes later, catching the wire and coming to a stop in just a few hundred feet, and then it was time to fold the wings and taxi to the catapult and do it all over again. If I remember correctly, I had to do 10 day traps and six night traps to qualify, and the day traps were a ton of fun and pretty easy to do. The night traps were, well, let's just say a little bit more challenging. And we were doing those in calm seas and even with all the lights on the deck, it still felt like you were landing in a black hole and it's definitely an experience that most Air Force pilots will never get. I would go on to spend the next few years flying the F-18D in South Carolina with Now, I like to joke with people that this is my Air Force Appreciation Tour, but it was probably one of the best assignments that I had in the military in terms of the flying that I got to do and learning about leadership from the Marines and I really enjoyed that assignment. That's good on the airspeed. I usually aim for about the second stripe where those aiming point markers are. Monroe unicorn. Yeah, there we go. That looks good. This Monroe unicorn, go ahead. Please hold your back over to idle. Yep, let's go all the way to idle. Affirmative, yes it yes it is. Thank you. Monroe traffic, Cherokee 4569X3 taking runway 5 for departure, we're heading to the northeast, Monroe traffic. There you go. Flaps up, carburetor on the go. After South Carolina, I ended up doing another tour flying the Strike Eagle for 3 years at Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho, and even though my 10-year commitment from pilot training was finally coming to an end, I just wanted to keep flying fighter jets, so I decided to stick around as long as I could. downwind runway 5, Monroe. All right, so good job with that landing. It was nice and smooth. Um only thing these airplanes, we just got to be as smooth as possible with them. Yeah. Yeah, we don't really can't really jerk them around too much. We're not really flying anything super big. Yeah. There's not a whole lot of weight that we have to move around. Max gross is 2,300 lb, very, very light compared to what you're used to flying. The Air Force sent me off to school for my next assignment and then I spent 3 years doing a staff job in Texas and was looking forward to getting back in the cockpit. Let's try coming in just a little bit slower than 70 this time. I'm still getting used to flying slow, man. Yeah, it's weird, isn't it? You know, you have such a a slow stall speed, but you know, it's just It doesn't feel right, does it? All right, so at this point I had been out of the cockpit for 4 years and I was really hoping to get back to the Strike Eagle, but unfortunately, that's when the Air Force said that I was overdue for a remote assignment. That's when you go somewhere for a year without your family and I was absolutely livid about this. The Air Force was hurting for fighter pilots and retention was suffering, yet in all of their wisdom, they wanted to keep me out of the jet for 1 more year. The biggest problem I had with that is it would result in me being out of the cockpit for more than 5 years and that meant I wouldn't be eligible to return to the Strike Eagle and would likely end up for my final Air Force assignment as an instructor at a pilot training base. That's when I made a very important decision and I told the Air Force that if I'm not going to have a chance to come back to the Strike Eagle, then I want to convert my remote assignment into a 2-year accompanied tour, so that way I can take my family with me. Thankfully, they agreed and my wife and three kids and I packed our bags for South Korea. Add a touch of power there to catch the descent. There we go. Yeah, keep that nose down. Yep, just focusing on our spot. Keep that nose down. There we go. Working that power back to idle. Round it out. There we go. Hold it. Keep adding a little bit of back pressure. There we go. Just needed a little bit of crosswind correction in there. Came in at the last second. Just a little more left rudder or right aileron. Yeah. Bring that nose around up one wheel. By the way, we spent an hour in the pattern and got plenty of landings. My trip to Colorado was less than 2 weeks away and there was still one thing that I needed to do that Michael couldn't help me with and I'll explain more about that later. For right now, my family and I were headed off to Korea and I still had one more flight to do. It was finally time for my last flight before I could head out to Colorado to do my solo. I had completed two of my mission objectives and all of the hard work was about to pay off. We were going to warm up with a few patterns, then head out to the area to practice emergency procedures and finish up with a good landing. However, we still haven't gotten to the most important part of my story and my journey. Monroe traffic, Skyhawk 2746 Lima, taxi runway 23 from hangar nine. Launching the fleet. Yeah, we're all going out at the same time. After my family and I got settled into Korea, I received an email from the base commander at Seymour Johnson basically saying, "Hey, it looks like you're going to be out of the jet for more than 5 years. Do you want to come back to fly the F-15E?" Seriously, you can't make this stuff up. He said he could offer me a position as a DO for a fighter squadron and I said, "Yes." So, they worked out some waivers and they cut my assignment to Korea short and my family and I moved back to North Carolina. taking runway 23 departing and we'll stay in the pattern, Monroe. Tragically, here's where things started to go downhill. And that's because when we were moving back, we learned that my mom had been recently diagnosed with leukemia. Now, I honestly believe that God was at work here because moving back to North Carolina meant that I could easily travel and see my mom as she went through her chemo treatments. A few months later, I'd finished getting checked out on the Strike Eagle again, but my mom had taken a turn for the worse. I remember taking a trip down to Florida to see her shortly before her death and then I made the mistake of rushing to drive back to North Carolina to do a training flight in my new squadron. Although I was well-rested, my mind wasn't in the right place and I wasn't prepared for the briefing. The operations group commander was leading the formation that day and he almost canceled the flight because of how unprepared I was. Unfortunately, my guess was that flight was probably his one chance to see if I was really DO material and things obviously didn't go well. Tragically, shortly after that, my mom would end up passing in December of 2017, but I was grateful for the time that I got to spend with her during her final days. Behind the scenes, my name came off the list to be a DO and the base commander swapped out and the new commander offered me a job as the wing chief of safety. It definitely wasn't my first choice, but once I got into the job, I discovered how much I enjoyed it and how much it turned out to be a huge blessing for me. The job was a lot less stressful than being a DO and it gave me more time with my family. And the reality is that without that job, I probably wouldn't have ended up making YouTube videos about aviation mishaps. That assignment at Seymour Johnson would be my last in the Air Force and something that I haven't told you yet that's really important to understand is that several years prior to this, my dad became a Christian and we reconciled and we have a great relationship to this day. He actually came out to my retirement ceremony and got to see me fly for the last time in the Strike Eagle and even though my mom wasn't with us, I knew that she would be proud of all that I'd accomplished over the years. My Air Force retirement ceremony was in December of 2019 and I wanted to keep flying, so I ended up interviewing and was hired by a major airline with a class start date of April 6th, 2020. I had no idea that COVID was about to change all of that. Two weeks before I started training, I got an email essentially saying, "Don't bother showing up and we'll call you if things change." This is when life really sucked and I know there's a lot of people that had a much tougher time than I did, but I'm just being honest about how I felt at the time. I was out of the military and I didn't have a job and I had no idea what I was going to do. I had recently gotten a real estate license to try and make some money on the side as a hobby for when I became an airline pilot, but that was now my full-time job. The only problem was you weren't allowed to meet with people unless you were already under contract for a house, so I started making YouTube videos to try and get some business. And just like most people that try YouTube, I had no idea what I was doing. My videos weren't really getting any views and it was a difficult process. I eventually got better at it, but it was a ton of work. After about 6 months of struggling, I landed a job with a part 135 private charter company flying a Citation 560XL. I ended up doing that job for about 9 months while I was waiting for the airlines to call me back. And I kept making real estate videos and got really good at making short-form content, something that would come in handy later on. Eventually, the airlines called and I was hired in June of 2021. I kept making real estate videos, but I hated talking about the housing market and I wanted to do something else. My plan was to launch a new YouTube channel and make it all about helping veterans and one of my first videos was about the Wings Over Dallas Air Show mid-air collision. That video ended up going semi-viral and it made me realize how much I loved talking about aviation safety, so I shifted gears and Pilot Debrief was born and I started making aviation content from that point on. It took several months to figure out how I could blend my passion for aviation safety with what the audience wanted to watch, but when it clicked, the channel really started to grow. And as the channel grew, I set milestones to achieve and I thought I'd be happy once I got there, but then I'd achieve those goals and would just set even bigger goals. It turned into this cycle of always trying to make each video better than the last and it was a ton of work. The bigger my channel grew, the more work I wanted to put into each video feeling like I'd be letting everyone down if I had a bad video. I was happy about how the channel was growing, but something was missing. It was depressing talking about tragedy week after week after week. After 2 years of making aviation mishap videos, I was getting burned out and I needed a break. It was taking me 25 to 30 hours a week to research mishaps, find the right one that had a story to tell, put together the details, film the video and edit it. This was all on top of my job at the airlines and trying to raise three kids and balance family life and vacations, too. But enough about that. When it comes to learning how to fly a Cessna, other than the stalls, this next part was probably the most important part of my training. All right, so if our engine were to fail right now, what are we going to do? We're basically just going to take the time now with the 90 knots as the airspeed bleeds off, start troubleshooting as I get down to 70 knots, lower the nose to hold that 70 knots. Uh we're going to check the carb heat's on and then you said forward doors, so we're starting my fuel selectors in both, make sure the mixture is full rich, carb heat's on. Make sure everything else is turned on. Yep. And now we're and then at the same time, we're kind of looking outside. There's plenty of places to land around here. We got kind of got a quartering headwind right now. So, I got time to kind of circle back around in this field right here. Monroe traffic, Cherokee 65 Juliet, three mile final on runway 23. left to land going this direction. Looking below, make sure there's no power lines or anything else that's going to be an obstacle I'm going to have to worry about at the last minute there. And then in the meantime, you know, I can go ahead and start making my mayday, mayday, mayday call. Before I explain what happened next, this flight was finally coming to an end and we were headed back to the airfield. There was only one thing left for me to do before my solo flight and it was something in the back of my mind from the beginning of this video and I knew it was something that Michael couldn't help me with. If I'm going to rent a plane, I need insurance and thankfully, Marcy and Megan at Avemco have been amazing and they helped me get set up with what I needed and they've been big supporters of my channel since day one, so I can't thank them enough. Now, in full transparency, I have two confessions to make. First of all, when I was about halfway done editing this video, my wife found one of my old photo albums and this photo that I thought I'd gotten lost. This is from my first solo in a Cessna 172 and I'm so glad that I still have it. Second, if you remember in the beginning, I said this was going to be way harder than I expected. Well, the truth is that I scheduled my solo flight for mid-April and bad weather forced me to cancel the trip. We rescheduled it for 2 weeks later, but then I got an email saying that the aircraft is going to be down for its annual inspection and no longer available to fly. I really felt like I'd failed my mission, but that made me remember that the whole reason I started this journey was to rediscover my love for aviation, something that started one day when I thought I would be an astronaut and took me down an unexpected road to where I am today. That's why I decided to rent the same Cessna that I'd been training in and take it for a solo flight. And now I'm going to share that flight with you along with the end to my story and one big final surprise at the end. All right, I just completed the walk around. We're ready to go. I'm about to do something I haven't done in 25 years, fly a Cessna 172 solo. And I got to admit, I'm still a little bit nervous about it. Even though I have all this experience, right? Anytime you're flying an aircraft for the very first time, especially by yourself, it it's something new and so that's why we have a checklist and that's why we have procedures to back ourselves up and to stay safe. For the starting procedures, we made sure the seat track is the seat's locked in position there. Avionics are off, the autopilot is off, carb heat is off, mixture is set to full rich, throttle is set to slight. I've already primed the engine. Brakes are set. Clear prop. Master on. Let's lean out the mixture a little bit here while we're on the ground. Pull the RPMs back to about 1,100. All right, finish up the checklist here. All right, back to my story. My Pilot Debrief YouTube channel was doing really good, but I was getting burned out and I needed to make a change. My original plan was to just do some flying on the side and hopefully take my family for a flight one day, and that's when the idea for Hoover's Hangar was born and I made the decision to launch this new YouTube channel. The only problem was Hoover doesn't have a hangar or an airplane, but more on that in a minute. Monroe traffic Scott 2746 Lima taxi and hangar 9 to runway 23. Uh it's such a weird feeling flying solo and I and I know it might be odd for some of you to hear me say that, but essentially for my entire career in the Air Force and then afterwards at the airlines, I've I've never really flown single pilot. I think I did a ferry flight one time in the Strike Eagle um from Warner Robins, Georgia up to Seymour Johnson. I did that by myself. So, that was I think the only time I flew the Strike Eagle solo. And other than that, the last time I flew single pilot was essentially in a Cessna uh 25 years ago out at the Air Force Academy. So, it's something new. Uh it's a warm day today. Weather is looking great. Uh everything looking good for the flight today, so this should be a lot of fun. I'm super excited about it. Something I've been looking forward to for a long time. I've spent essentially the last 2 months preparing for this, you know. Okay, we've got an aircraft parked in our run-up area. Where we would normally run up, so we'll do the run-up down here at the end of the runway here. As I taxied out to the runway, I was excited about the flight, but also excited about Hoover's Hangar. First, when I told my wife I wanted to launch a second YouTube channel, she initially thought I was crazy, but then she fully supported the idea just like she has with all of my crazy ideas, and I wouldn't be where I am today if it wasn't for her. However, the truth is that it's a lot less work to make content for this new channel, especially now that I have a full-time editor to help with all of the videos. The best part though is both YouTube channels allow me to share my passion for aviation safety and do what I love. When it comes to Pilot Debrief, I promise you that channel is not going away, but I hope that you'll give me some grace if I scale back just a little bit every now and then, so that way I can have some more time with my family and not find myself working 60 hours a week. But enough about that. Here's my first time taking off solo in a Cessna 172 in 25 years. And he is clear. Monroe traffic Scott 2746 Lima taking the active runway 23 for departure to the southeast, Monroe. Uh we've got the helicopter in sight. Won't be a factor. There's our 2,300. Airspeed's alive. Got a little bit of a left crosswind. There we go. There's our traffic warning. I see the traffic out there. Helicopter off the right side. He's landing over there. Stay clear of the runway. Not a factor. But I'll tell you one thing, this aircraft climbs a lot faster when you don't have a second person sitting in it. That's for sure. When it comes to Hoover's Hangar, this isn't going to be a come fly with me channel. It's much more than that. My goal is to fly as many different kinds of aircraft as possible and share with you everything you need to know to be safe. This channel is all about the love of aviation and connecting with other pilots and sharing their stories and the aircraft that they're most passionate about. This is also my chance to make new content about something that I love, even if it only inspires a small number of people. Maybe it's just me, but whenever you're flying solo, I don't know if you've ever had this feeling before or first time flying solo in an aircraft, all of a sudden you start paying attention to a lot more things in the aircraft that you maybe didn't notice before and you start to notice little things that are like, "Hey, was that always the way it was? I can't remember." you know, just cuz I I think your your senses are heightened a little bit and you're a little bit nervous about things, but you know, I'll also say this is like flying any other plane. I mean, al- albeit I'm going a lot slower than what I'm used to, but um it's a lot of fun to get out here and and do this. I got to be honest, this was probably one of the most challenging videos that I've ever made just because of the amount of work that it went into it, you know, the number of flights that I had to do with the weather delays and things like that. I got to admit that it's a little bit disappointing I didn't have the opportunity to go out to Colorado to the Air Force Academy to fly the same Cessna that I did in my very first solo in 25 years ago. But just having the chance to get out here today to fly this aircraft or really any any aircraft solo is incredible opportunity. And none of it would have been possible without Avemco. They've been a huge supporter of mine for a long time now, and obviously before I go rent an aircraft like this or you know, before I buy an aircraft, which I hope to do someday, you know, you need to have insurance, and Avemco has been great at taking care of me and and all of my needs for that. Super awesome people to work with. Just very friendly, very understanding, and they know the business like none other. Uh so, being able to get that squared away with them allowed me to number one rent this aircraft, but also helped support me in this new channel. If you have aircraft insurance and you want a new quote, I would I would go check out Avemco, or if you're thinking about getting an aircraft uh buying one or renting an aircraft, I would definitely recommend giving Avemco a call and finding out what they can do for Can't recommend them enough. One of the things about flying out of Monroe is that there really isn't a lot to look at unless you fly towards Charlotte and into the Class Bravo airspace, which I didn't want to do. So, I spent about 20 minutes flying around the countryside, and then my plan was to come back and knock out a few patterns, but you're about to see how something unexpected was going to change the plan. Okay, we can go direct. We can click on nearest airports. We can click on Monroe Executive. Turn on and activate. You can see it all the way out there. You can see the water tower that we use for entry. And you know, this is definitely something that I didn't have when I took my first solo 25 years ago. I mean, I I don't even need to use an iPad because it has everything in here that I need to navigate. Uh wherever we need to go. But visual references are key and maintaining visual awareness not only of where you're going, but you know, I can look outside right now and I can pick out probably about six different fields that if I had an emergency of some kind, you know, engine failure, I've got a place to set the aircraft down. So, you know, I wore this shirt today as a reminder to avi- navigate- communicate, and and that's the most important thing. Something happens with the aircraft today, no matter what it is, the number one thing you need to do is keep flying the plane. Like you can't give up on flying the aircraft. Um and then figure out what you're going to do for your plan, where you're going to where you're going to turn the aircraft, and where your nearest place to set it down is. I know what the threats are, kind of leapfrogging here as we go back towards towards Monroe. And uh and then communicate, clear that emergency, and let people know what's going on. Monroe traffic Scott 2746 Lima 10 miles to the southeast inbound for We've got one guy taking off. We've got a helicopter in the pattern. I I think that's probably the biggest threat about this airfield here is the volume of traffic for Monroe Executive. You got, you know, the the flight school there. You've got some helicopter operations, but you've got a ton of people that use that airfield as well instead of flying into to Charlotte And there's there's no control tower, so everybody's kind of doing their own thing, and you know, even though the flight school has some standard entry points for the pattern and things like that, not everybody uses those. So, you really have to keep your eyes out for other aircraft. Monroe traffic Scott 2746 Lima over the water tower entering the downwind for runway 23. Traffic in front of me in sight Monroe. All right, my plan was to do a touch-and-go and then one to a full stop because of how busy the pattern was, but I'm all about safety and the importance of a debrief. So, when something unexpected happened in the pattern, I knew that I needed to share it with you and the lessons that we can learn from it. So, I'm going to show you my touch-and-go and full stop in a minute, but first it was between those two landings when things started to go wrong. Monroe traffic 2866 Lima taking off runway 23 departing to the east Monroe. Power pulled back, get the carburetor All right, you just heard a Cessna saying that he was going to be taking off from runway 23. And the problem right now, if you remember from the beginning of the video, is that there was an aircraft parked in the run-up area. So, pilots are having to do their run-up near the hold short for the runway, and that means there's a line of airplanes waiting to take off. The next in line is a Dassault Falcon 900, which is a business jet, and he's been waiting for a while and listen to what he does. Monroe traffic Skyhawk 2746 Lima left base runway 23 Monroe. All right, we got a business jet taking the runway. Monroe traffic 85 kilo Bravo line up runway 23. There's his radio call saying he was going to line up and wait runway 23. Really, dude? I'm going to go ahead and make my turn to final here and see how all of this plays out, but I'm already knowing in the back of my mind that I'm probably going to have to go around. Monroe traffic Skyhawk 2746 Lima final runway 23 Monroe. Yeah, I'm just going to go around. And Monroe traffic Skyhawk 2746 Lima is going to go going to go around runway 23. We'll stay to the east Monroe. All right, we'll go ahead and get the flaps cleaned up. Cessna traffic 316 echo pop turning right crosswind runway 17. Monroe traffic 2866 Lima departing the pattern to the east. We'll final call I mean, that dude heard me in the pattern. He heard me calling base, and then he decided to pull on the runway even though he's taking off behind a Cessna. He's a business jet, you know, like he's he's got to have enough room, you know, like a Cessna's going to have a slow departure out of there. But, that's why we make the decision to go around early and not try to force a bad situation, you know? Come in the east departure for 39 whiskey. Uh and it was interesting, you know, I was trying to decide what to do cuz I didn't want to overfly the runway because then I'm going to lose sight of him, right? I know he's going to take off in front of me, but like if he delays that takeoff, he could potentially climb up into me neither see each other so you need to offset one way or the other. I don't want to offset to the left because it's into the direction of the pattern, and now, you know, I've got to contend with traffic on the downwind. But, also if I offset to the right, cognizant of the fact that we had the helicopter doing some operations earlier, but I hadn't heard them in a while, so I was pretty comfortable you know, thinking that they were out of the way, but I was definitely looking outside and I did. Monroe traffic Skyhawk 2746 Lima cross wind runway 23 Monroe. This is what I was talking about earlier. Remember when I'm on the inbound, I said that was the biggest threat, and sure enough it was. You know, you got too many aircraft in the pattern here, you know, tower's not controlling things so otherwise tower probably would have sequenced things a little bit different for all of that. Uh so, but that's okay. When it comes to the rest of the debrief, this is Hoover's Hangar, and one of my goals is to find out what kind of plane to get for me and my family. So, I hope you join me on this channel as part of that journey as I fly new aircraft every episode and we can learn all about them together. For right now, here's my first Cessna 172 solo landing in 25 years, and be sure to stick around to the end for the big surprise. Monroe traffic 739 Lima whiskey taxiing to run up 23 from hangar one Monroe. Monroe traffic Skyhawk 2746 Lima base Hey, Monroe traffic 5385. two three get the rest of our flaps out. Keep the nose coming down. Get that power back a little bit more. Final's clear. Monroe traffic Skyhawk 2746 Lima turn final runway 23 touch-and-go Monroe. 500 500 Monroe traffic helicopter 407 pop up also departing runway alpha back to the north should be 23 Monroe. Get that air speed back. Lose keep it tracking down. All right, that guy's turned clear of the runway and alpha four down there. He is clear. Out of our pattern. Back on the path that I want, still about five knots fast. Monroe traffic series 3 Bravo 85 Lima runway 23 alpha 3 back to make the runway 23 Monroe. Get all the pressure of everybody in the hold short watching me land. All right, let's start pulling the power back. Oh. Flaps up one. Monroe traffic helicopter 407 pop up also clear national airspace to the north north left left call Monroe. Ooh, that felt good. Monroe traffic Skyhawk 2746 Lima on the go left close Monroe. Monroe traffic 5385 Juliet turning left base 23 Monroe. All right, we'll make this one a full stop. Ah. Oh, I was happy about that. It's a you know, it's all that pressure. You're landing solo for the first time and you got, you know, a couple aircraft sitting there in the hold short watching you. You know, it definitely could have been a little bit smoother. I could have held off pulled a little bit more held off a little bit longer in the flare there and let it settle down a little bit nicer. You know what? I'm pretty happy with with how that turned out. Now it's time for my full stop and then we can call the mission complete. On Pilot Debrief, I talk about how sometimes all the holes in the Swiss cheese line up leading to an aviation mishap. And looking back on my aviation journey, I can't help but realize that all the holes needed to line up perfectly for me to be where I am today. And if I could go back and do it all over, I wouldn't change a thing. Ah, A little too much. Well, it happens. I'm so excited for this new channel and I hope you join me, and who knows, maybe I can still be an astronaut one day. All right, ready to go? Three two one Let's stop. And we are airborne. Whee. All right, you want to come on the controls? Yeah, how do I fly? Uh hold on, don't push the button now. Uh which way is our house? Uh it's going to be up this way somewhere. We're going to go see if we can find it here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HooversHangar [340 likes]: I'm so excited for this premiere! This is a very special story that I know you're going to enjoy!
Avemco Insurance Company is a proud supporter and sponsor of Pilot Debrief & Hoover’s Hangar. 
Call 888-246-9629 and speak directly to an Avemco Aviation Underwriter today.
Learning to fly, renting or borrowing an aircraft? Start your quote here: www.avemco.com/hoover-nonowner   
Own or building an aircraft? Start your quote here: www.avemco.com/hoover-owner
  2. @TR-Longheel: Never flown an airplane myself, but love your Pilot Debrief channel, and just stumbled upon this channel. Really appreciated your sharing your faith testimony. Always liked you, now I know you're a brother in Christ as well!
  3. @stevewildman1045: Did my first solo at Monroe Airport  from a now closed Wilgrove Airport.
Learning to fly under thr 30 veil of CLT  airspace  imo was a good advantage.
Memories that still thrill me today is that point of lift that separates  machine and earth.
Such a wonderful way to make NC/SC your backyard  on any given VFR stroll.
Can't  fly in that area without making a SC Breakfast  Club event.
  4. @tom95521: Definitely not 50,000 ft/min climb rate.
  5. @farmgene: Delightful!
  6. @LAGRANGE-POINT: Drones there were drones when I earned my certificate. Canadian geese yes. Flight instructor said see the goose don't hit it. I said yes I see the goose and I most definitely not going to hit it.
  7. @ihymns: Loved to hear your story and that you are a believer.
  8. @thomastucker5686: I didn't have a phone camera, but I did have a digital and even captured some video, but my Cessna had steam gauges. I miss flying. Hoover, this might end up being my favorite video. I just started it and paused to comment about the glass cockpit. I used to have a poster on my office wall that had the new glass cockpit when Cessna first added it. I also had the steam gauge poster. As an older person, who reads quite a few books, starting at a young age, I was very interested in learning about what makes humans find the Jewish god idea compelling. It is kind of weird for me to learn, the god folks pretend is real is from the middle east and not from my home country of the US. I couldn't figure out, why the Jews in the Levant region of all places. A few decades have passed, and I have learned so much about the origins of the god myths from the middle east and the Levant which includes Israel. I decided after learning of gods from tens of thousands of years before the Jewish Yahweh character was invented, the god idea was far deeper than just the Jewish tales. Forget the New Testament and the Jesus character, that stuff is completely fabricated and doesn't align with the Old Testament like it claims. The Jewish scholars know more about the Yahweh character than those who later added the Jesus character to start their own cult at the time. Also, the Yahweh god character was a very newcomer. The Jesus character was one of the last newer god character in human or world history. So I learned when children are forced into the god idea, they are locked into certain unhealthy ideologies. Let's face it, no child invents the god idea themselves, nor are they allowed any freedom(free will) to choose any god or no gods or UFPs (Universe Farting Pixies). We have as much evidence for UFPs as we do for all the god characters from human history. It is really weird that gods are not continually re-invented like in the ancient world. The gods were invented when humans thought the planet was flat and they didn't know where the Sun went at night, so the god idea seemed reasonable back then, with those unknowns. But even as early as the Roman period, there were plenty of humans that didn't pretend the ancient stories were true. Once you learn the history of gods, religions and the cultures surrounding them, you cannot pretend magic is real any longer. No human can. Magic speech, magic sex, magic babies, magic resurrections, magic trees, magic fruit, water, wine, crackers, magic talking animals, magic floods, none of it is real. No intelligent person can learn about world history and find magic the best explanation. You might as well hop into an airplane and rely upon magic for a safe flight, instead of proper training and procedures. Once your learn about the Hebrew language and the surrounding culture when the Bible books were authored, as well as the confusion and contradictions between the authors, who were writing these stories decades after the alleged events, it becomes clear, the god idea is just a poor human idea that has been upgraded to science, our best tool to understand reality. The god idea doesn't survive without force, without violence. We are still fighting god wars, to defend the failed state of Israel. The US just blew up a school and killed Muslim children, because they don't count when defending the god idea. The god idea has become a leading cause in human death, for a very long time. It just isn't reported, because the god idea is a multibillion dollar per year industry. This is including the war products/human killing equipment, profits. War is huge business. Our representatives are getting great returns on their war product company investments. This god idea is also responsible for retail sales in the billions and marketing sales to media outlets. The god idea is well protected, not because it is true. Gods are humans inventions but bring the billionaires huge profits. So, I also learned about all the players working to keep the god idea alive and well. The god idea is a world problem. When George Bush invaded Iraq, he said he prayed and a god gave him the green light. What if the god told him to launch nukes? Gods don't give war instructions because they are not real. I still love my friends with multiple gods, or one god or no gods. My relationships are not god dependent. I could hang out with Hoover for hours. Hoover the surprise was fantastic. Please allow your son to decide on the god idea for himself. Some parents force their children into the god idea.
  9. @guruofendtimes819: I dont like the lack of visibility out the front due to instrument panel.This is  not safe.
  10. @Russell_Huston: I was talking to a pilot at an airshow once, and he said when you are flying high performance aircraft like military jets, you get used to having lots of thrust at your command and when you are flying light civil aircraft, in addition to WAY less power, you have to be more aware of your vulnerability to stalls, crosswinds and general twichiness in the controls.
Watching a carrier qualified Hornet and Eagle pilot being as smooth as possible in a 172 is a good illustration of what he was talking about, it seems.
Enjoy watching you Hoover. 
👍👍
  11. @Eructation1: Fantastic vid, very interesting and informative. You seem a very nice person, looking fwd to your new HH videos. Greetings from UK.
  12. @dougmarshall4010: From F-15 to C-172. It must have felt like you’re crawling thru the sky.
  13. @gadsdenconsulting7126: What a testimony!! God bless you and yours, brother!!
  14. @pappaplayswithknives: Of all the videos I've watched of yours this is defiantly my favorite. I loved your background story. Been awhile for me- not a pilot but, USAF from '72-76.
  15. @stewie84: So… some perspective. Your written comment about “line up and wait” being for towered airports. When you’re at a busy non-towered airport, it’s common procedure to line up and wait as soon as someone takes off so you’re ready to get out before traffic in the downwind turns base. You clearly called your base turn, and the Falcon was in the wrong, but I just wanted to say welcome back to GA… If you come to KSPK, I’ll take you flying in my C150, but we’ll have to take out a little fuel first 😂
  16. @jimmcdaniel1956: I enjoyed my first hooverhanger video! Awesome story about your path in aviation!!
  17. @bosoxer4eva2: Great video.  Even though it's been several years, I'm very sorry to hear about the loss of your mom.  Very sad for your children too.  I lost both my grandfather's by age 14 and grandmother's by age 21.  Too soon.  I hope this new channel works out great for you all.
  18. @bosoxer4eva2: I was in 11th grade Science class when the Challenger was lost.  I still remember the teacher telling us what had happened and shortly thereafter he wheeled a big TV into the room and we watched the aftermath.  A sad day and one I will never forget.
  19. @DCS026: Love it, ready to go flyin'. Blue Skys!
  20. @outfield1988: Jesus is lord.

- POV: FLYING ON A PRIVATE JET FROM DUBAI TO LONDON - MY FIRST TIME!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is a man word this is a man's word but it wouldn't be nothing nothing without a woman or you see so guys this is such an exciting day for me this is the first time I'm actually flying on a private jet and I've been looking enough to be invited onto this project by a very good friend of mine out here in Dubai that I made at a dinner last year so come along with me for the journey I can't wait to see what this is going to be like already I'm here in the private terminal as you can see this is certainly beats going through Standard Security in London herro or any other airport in the world to be honest with you um you just drive straight in there's no security there's no like checking in there's no messing around just straight in very nice coffee everybody's uh very pleasant to you and yeah it is absolutely insane already and I've not even got to the plane yet um so I think actually the one that we're flying on is this one here I'll show you now so yeah I believe the one that we're flying on is this one here I could be wrong but I do believe that that is the right one you got this one over here it's pretty nice this one here not sure what that one is Rolls-Royce chauffeurs and then here we've got like a just kind of like chill out area gaming nice artwork all around signature orange branding let's going to take another look at this jet but it would be nothing nothing not one little thing without a woman on again he's so this is pretty interesting cigars ready and waiting to be smoked inside your Airport terminal there we are Winston Churchill one of the things I wanted to touch on is when people say to me why did you pay to join a network why would you pay to join a group of guys that talk online and message you to online and especially when it's such a large amount such as £5,000 Plus for a Year's membership well this is the exact reason why look where I am right now this is only down the fact that I've made contacts I've provided value to people and they provide it back and you make friends people who are on the same Mission as you working hard entrepreneurs this is the kind of stuff that when you connect with the right people you can get yourself into these situations and I'm very very very grateful for this to be honest with you and it will be a memory that I will always always retain forever and I'll make sure that I put this into into action and I'm actually made a deal with a guy who's invited me on the jet today I said within the time frame of his age and my AG a difference of 11 years I will repay the favor to him I going to work so hard that I'll be able to be charging one of these for myself and take him on the same Journey or a different journey in return for this amazing experience he's provided for me so anyway let me show you the rest of the journey it's going to be absolutely amazing I can't wait he what an experience guys we're about to take off now yeah yeah yeah that's the way every go every time we no control if the sky is pinking wide if the ground is black and yellow it's the same way you show me not my head don't close my eyes halfway on a slow move it's the same way you show me if you could fly then youd feel s some looks now I've G for the risoto there's so many things on the menu you can just order whatever you want whenever you want limits it's it's great glor in the wake of a hurricane dark SK ofmer shade no down the tower the same way show meon so we've just landed in aens doing a fuel stop as you can see here they're just fueling up the jet here guys have just got to find the plane they are walking the dog muin down there dogs have had a little Wei a break so it's been the first 6 hours of the flight which is good been absolutely fantastic food's been amazing I just can't tell you how amazing this experience has been so far we've got another 4 hours now so we're going to take off from Athens and head to London stanstead which is the closest airport to my friend's house and yeah we're already halfway over halfway into the journey and it's shame I kind of just want to stay on here as long as possible I can't wait to get to the next flight which is going to be I don't know when I'll next going in private jet because it is just such an amazing experience yeah all right so we are close to Landing we've just been circling the air for about 10 minutes now um there's bad weather strong winds bit of air traffic as well so should be on our descent right now uh back into the UK as always as you know the UK where this bad weather already so we're just over London now so very big change in the in scenery so we're literally just about to land now very very l wow what a landing that was uh extremely turbulent very bumpy and you could literally feel the plane going like this like yeah that was insane never felt Landing like that very intense it's great and you probably to experience it from the video but yeah that was cool very good pilot and we are back in well actually Sunny England it's wet but it's sunny we're home thanks for flying with me guys hopefully we'll be on another very very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @justbecause6472 [3 likes]: It looks a bit uncomfortable. I would sometimes prefer to fly commercial first class(emirates, Qatar, Etihad or Singapore… maybe Turkish and Qantas) over flying certain private jets
  2. @Echoesoftheearth6 [2 likes]: First time, but certainly not the last. :)
  3. @RyanLordOfficial [2 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥
  4. @ShoelessNomadThailand [1 likes]: Amazing style. The 5k is chump change for the networking group.
  5. @heartofoak45 [1 likes]: One comment as you were about to land at Stansted was a very different view. Dubai sand, UK green fields, trees and hedgerows. Even with the weather I know where I would prefer to be.
  6. @GamblesRambleHome [1 likes]: So…if you’re flying with strangers, it’s NOT ‘private’, no?
  7. @dontsubcr1be: friend invites you on his private jet and you just have to bring the dog, bet that was the last time you got invited too for some strange reason you can't figure out
  8. @tr11_: Watching tate💀
  9. @spacetagliatelle1520: Probably the cringiest flight existing
  10. @Bigmeech263: Does your suitcase/bags get searched during this process?
  11. @wb8ert: What was clearing customs and immigration like?
  12. @MsPublicName: What a shitty song to start with.
  13. @3th4n_ol26: 7:55 how the are you 30-odd years old and watching andrew tate videos? Grow up man🤮
  14. @sabelomgidi7318: Heyy
I'm a aspiring content creator and what you assume is that you don't use songs such as those you used in background because of copyright and stuff so did you pay for it or what?
  15. @ElToroLoco-e9p: HELLO    MY  NAME   IS   FERNAND0   GARCIA    EL   TORO   LOCO     EX   VICTORY   SINGER    NEVER   SATISFIED    DONT   TELL   N0   LIES   GODIVA  DESTRUCTION    ATHEN  KARAISKAKI  STADIUM   WITH  SCORPIONS  AND  WHITHESNAKE     WANT  T0  KNOW  H0W  MUCH   DOES  IT  C0ST   T0  RENT  ?? THANK  YOU   GREETINGS  FROM   A   COLD  BUT   RICH  $$$$$  C0UNTRY   SWITZERLAND 🇨🇭,,
  16. @yeahmate9897: What network isit?
  17. @FlowFiero: Nobody cares
  18. @mRHusain-k4r: Brother you are very rich please help me 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 one small help please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  19. @pran8145: what a grumpy old man and crowd lmao
  20. @MrCassius266: Where in London did you land.?

- First Solo Flight Over The Atlantic To Bermuda!: Kind: captions Language: en good morning everyone from Westchester County Airport today we're flying here in New York to Bermuda single pilot Ops 41 000 feet two hours up near come on board Let's Go Fly [Music] all right everyone hope everyone is doing well hot here in New York so we're gonna get this show Rocket and rolling and make our way to Bermuda AC is coming off engine instruments are clear [Applause] they're right and two let's use the fuel ignition now let the FedEx do everything just watch make sure the itts stay in the green fuel pressure oil pressure oil temps are coming up the relay comes out so it goes from a starter to generator before a cast message should come in about two seconds left two reduce the fuel sounds good all right relays out wait for the engines to stabilize cast message all right gen check left gen great gen re AC much needed there we go okay before tax the AC is on electric elevator trim is set autopilot autopilot is good like controls I'm up down three and correct all right avionics says questions to seven departure offer three four Runway hitting a thousand feet left to heading 295 we're going to 3 000 feet that is set takeoff data is posted altimeters two nine eight zero set three times Landing elevation is set for Bermuda at 18 feet messages are normal app divider is good pack safety switch and taxi checks ground good afternoon citation to Romeo Fox shot information Oscar Atlantic East taxi please Associated ground four three four taxi Aflac a whole server one three four Echo Alpha Echo short of three Ford Echo two Romeo Fox all right clear left clear right awesome service As Always by Atlantic East love everyone here everyone does a great job all right Alpha Echo holds short three four we got taxi lights coming on we got a uh good looking crj I believe 700 and 900 there 900 there it is waiting for us and we're looking good all right brakes feel actually really nice all right Alpha Echo short of three four all right taxi checks lights are good brakes are checked nozzle steering is definitely moving out for proof all right flight insurance okay uh cross three Ford Echo foxtrot holds short Runway uh two nine up foxtrot uh two Army unbox okay clear left clear right got the lights on for the Crossing all right questions 36 34 I don't know uh well you were just Knight gate one foreign Fox Lima short of two nine we'll do the rotor buyers uh 36.94 Roger good morning 6 33 gate four ready to Splash Oscar especially 54 31 hold your push holder push push your 54 31. okay 36 93 continue to be Alpha to your gate continue after the gates 36.94 thanks across two nine at Lima to Romeo foxtrot all right clear left clear right we got the left engine Rudder bias and then we are ready 14 47. the 1447 Roger hole position hold right here there's Brickyard console push hey taxi today we love it always uh cool to do something a little different all right now Lima to the end we'll do the left rotor bias check and that's good all right before takeoff ice Protection Systems not needed passenger seats why are you good good morning what's going on Vlad good morning yeah have a good flight thanks so much I appreciate it see ya that's our good friend Mr Vlad at Westchester Tower what a legend everyone at the West Tower is just awesome so it's uh it's great to hear vlad's voice this morning all right we got flaps 15 indicating 15 speed brakes are down all right trims one two three times are set crew breathing all right left seat departure anything below V1 Max breaking thrust lever's Idol speed breaks up we'll make a right turn off 14 47 100. anything above V1 will take up in the air two nine JetBlue if we're on fire it's emergency severe Flex control issue will make a right down when left downwind depending on the issue and come back to White Plains if it's not critical but we can't continue to Bermuda we'll go to Stuart which is a text John service center just to the uh Northwest of the airport all right go around putt is set will be nav and v-nav a good morning citation to Romeo foxtrot holding short three four ready for departure that first video is 9 18 2000. 918 Westchester three four clear land Foothills 918. let me I'll talk to yesterday sir Holden short three four good morning ready to go Jeremiah Fox uh what's your second boy winscon Runway three four five takeoff thank you all right lights Heats all right engine instruments are clear before takeoff the checklist a complete clear right clear left all right three four is the runway stable take off takeoff power is set and achieved two good engines airspeed's alive both sides 70 knot checks V1 rotate positive rate Gear Up V2 plus 10 collapse up yaw damper light level change climb power use the manual trim here this is a wheel by my right leg see ya New York departure how are you doing citation to Europe box shot 1400 coming to 3000 Westchester that's radar contracts I maintained seven thousand seven thousand jeremia function level 531 instead of maintain four thousand seven four thousand JetBlue 531. all right seven thousand is set uh two Romeo five step one two six zero contact departure one two zero point four g'day left turn two six zero departure is 20.4 jeremia function see ya Nick departure good morning citation to Romeo Fox shot 4500 common to seven thousand left turn heading two six zero partition two Romeo foxtrot near departure or turn left heading 190 enabled directs to Kennedy maintain eight thousand turn heading 190 pound maintain Direct Kennedy to your mailbox track number two remember foxtrot LaGuardia altimeter two nine eight zero 2980 to Romeo Fox shot all right we got 8 000 left to heading 190 when able Direct Kennedy so once we kind of get turned off to that 190 heading we'll uh come here into flight plan and go Direct Kennedy which looks really good right now and now FMS will do out after takeoffs all right we got the gears up the laps are up the throttles are in The Climb d10 1 000 to go lights are good pressurization is coming up altimeters 2980 set three times we'll wait for eight teams to go standard the route to Bermuda is actually really cool you fly right over JFK Airport contact departure one three five point Niner today 35.9 see uh jeremia Fox shot you fly right over JFK 886.886 heavy it's definitely one of uh departure good morning citation to Romeo Buckshot 8 000 Direct Kennedy this is first good afternoon Kennedy all coming in 2010. 000. so we got a little bit different all our domestic flights we uh we use foreflight for our filing and our weather briefs and all of that good stuff um but when we go to Bermuda International Ops we use the air Inc as we can do all our customs paperwork all that good stuff so today we got uh an hour and 59 minutes to Bermuda it's kind of weird it's a 25 not Edwin going east which is uh which is kind of unique so we got an hour and 59 minutes uh gonna burn 1800 uh pounds of fuel our alternate for Nantucket is a is Nantucket and that's uh showing a burn of 1300 pounds of fuel which is an hour and 47 minutes we got uh 15 minutes of hold time we have an additional 47 minutes of reserve one thousand to go 21 leaving 1 300 then we have an extra 500 pounds 4 700 pounds of fuel today that's uh five hours and 22 minutes of fuel for a two hour flight to Bermuda and that's because Bermuda is in the middle of nowhere gorgeous Island but it is in the middle of nowhere so UMR requirements a lot of people on board today 23 Sia Germania Fox New York Center good morning citation to Romeo Fox shot one two twelve thousand number two Romeo saksha New York Center five maintain one seven thousand up Center is two number eight one maintain one seven seventeen thousand terminal buckshot all right beautiful 1139 turn right heading 1905. right turn 1901 so on the Bermuda flight a couple kind of different things than a usual domestic flight is we go non-radar Ops for about 45 minutes so it's a non-radar environment over the ocean so you have to do a couple different uh things one is uh you have to report uh fixes that you fly over so we have to do two position reports which is uh kind of cool and we use an HF radio for that one three three points I'll show you uh the HF radio in a little video about the output right here um it's that wire from the top of the tail down to the top of the fuselage I know I get a lot of questions on that what is that wire and that's uh that wires our HF radio on a lot of bigger Jets they're able to basically from my understanding put it inside the actual tail cone itself but because uh this is a light Jet and I believe just due to weight restrictions and stuff like that they're unable to put it actually inside the tail so we uh have it on the outside so that's what that wire is it kind of looks cool to me I don't know but it's uh eight thousand four hundred so that's uh our HF antenna so once we go over the water New York Center sends us off to uh or HF radio frequency we're transmitting on that so it's cool the phraseology is kind of different another cool thing about today is so we do a lot of New York Bermuda back and forth uh with citation Dad it's one of his main missions and uh when he's on board it's always two pilot operations as that's his personal insurance requirements but uh today obviously single pilot we got citation Mom they're back and uh thank you so it's kind of cool to be able to fly to Bermuda single pilot and uh we've actually never spent a night well I've never spent a night in Bermuda so tonight we're actually overnighting and then we'll be uh coming back tomorrow so kind of a unique trip before we uh head out to uh Jackson Hole for the summer the family spent the summer out in Jacksonville so looking forward to that and uh in between the summer in Jackson Hole we got the uh the best week of the year we're now about two weeks to uh Oshkosh which I am so freaking excited about like holy smokes I'm just I'm so jazzed so about two weeks now from Oshkosh gonna be there uh I know I mentioned I'll mentioned this on the uh prior video we're gonna be there from Sunday uh until uh end of day Thursday Friday morning uh it's gonna be an awesome time bubble two three zero two Romeo foxtrot all right 23 is set so really excited about that if you are going to uh Oshkosh love to meet you the best way of reaching out to me is on Instagram citation Max number one because the only one citation Max so uh if you are going to be there but please shoot me a message give me a follow shoot me a message let's hang out let's grab a cookie and talk airplanes gonna be doing a exciting Meetup with uh Garmin and a uh good friend of mine Stevie treisenberg as everyone knows on YouTube and uh babe flight on Instagram so really excited to be doing a Garmin Meetup with Stevie on uh it's gonna be on Wednesday around 10 30 in the morning we're going to be doing a meet up so uh if you're at Oshkosh on Wednesday please come and say hi we're going to be releasing a new version of the citation Max socks so I've been working hard on those and designing those and we'll be releasing those uh at Oshkosh this year so come by the booth uh love to give you a pair of socks and uh I'm actually really excited about these this year they're they're very unique and different and they have a a favorite slogan of mine which is a which I'm really I'm pumped about that we're able to get those on there so to definitely come by that Wednesday at uh 10 30 at the Garmin tent at Oshkosh it's going to be going to be an awesome time we'll go into the cruise detent just kind of in the in the soupy soup here at 23 000 feet number two contacts Romeo Fox shot by level two three zero about her we do have a little bit of weather uh as we kind of make our way uh to the uh Southeast out to Bermuda so I have to uh watch that get the weather radar warmed up remember three two zero okay direct King and up to level three two zero to Romeo 32 000 feet is set direct King I'll get the vertical speed to climb in here go into the climb T10 and we are on our way beautiful all right get the engine anti-ice coming off here up the clouds now the next thing here traffic control is going to ask for is our estimate for King and requested Cruise altitude and box that's working to be going on radar they need to pass that on to uh New York airing so I think that's going to be next we got King ready to go here we'll give that time and uh our box speed America King requested altitude all right estimating King time 1449-410 all right so you heard that we're gonna turn off the cameras we'll talk to everyone in uh if you want an even altitude we're looking for flight level three four zero uh doing well we are back on our descent into Bermuda got the weather radar on we got all the uh the goodies prediction lightning prediction turbulence prediction um and detection is so when we're now deviating that looks uh that looks really good we're about 93 miles from Bermuda we're just picking up the Edis right now okay and then we'll call the FBO which is Runway one two Wing one three zero degrees one two knots visibility one zero kilometers or more clouds scattered 1500 feet broken 2 900 feet broken three zero thousand feet temperature 2 8 2.24 qnh1020 hectopascal ILS all right so we got information Charlie Tom's at 172 they're doing the rnf one two approach so in Bermuda it's Iko so everything's in Hector pascals so I'll show you how we do that here it's a little bit different we'll use the uh PFD cam so we'll go PFD settings other PFD settings altitude units then we'll switch it to hectopascals and we'll set one zero two zero is set so that's how we do that and we'll get that out we'll go uh get to PFD settings and we'll split the screen and we'll put the rnab approach up so we have that for situational awareness right now we're just been positive discretion to 5000 feet and uh yeah so we're looking awesome we got the Arnav one two Final Approach course 116 where right now direct a wienin Final Approach fix is uh Towing we got our lnav vnab decision altitude of 460 feet that's 442 feet above the ground if we got to go missed we're going to climb to 3 000 feet direct current and holder as directed by our traffic control this approach climb gradient to current is 2.7 for air control that works that all looks really good to me and we got a Max 210 roll turns coming in we got the 80s now let's go ahead and call the FBO and let them know we're coming so what you can do here I'll show you guys it's kind of cool so you can monitor the air traffic control frequency by just touching this and that's how you know what mic you're transmitting on or what frequency you're transmitting on but I'm still monitoring New York Center I'm just going to be transmitting and listening also on the FBO frequency so kind of a cool little thing just uh a little touch and you're in business theater Aviation November 2 Romeo foxtrot all right so we still might be a little bit far out normally out of like 25 we can kind of start to pick them up but we'll have to call them back in a second there's also like Four rivals coming in right now um so I think that they might be a little busy pressurization verify Landing elevation that is set 18 feet our pressurization system is descending everything's working awesome altimeters one zero two zero Hector pascals exterior lights are good and we got approach checklist so Landing data is in will be coming in at 104 knots crew breathing is complete briefly approach we get everything set we're going to Cedar Aviation which is uh if we land Runway one two we're gonna make the left on Charlie and normally they want you going in hotel into apron four so that's uh our plan should be a quick taxi off but the weather radar on here again this is the new Garmin uh gwx uh 8000 it's their new weather radar and it's uh it's awesome it's not pinning anything I can kind of start seeing Bermuda out there as well so we'll uh turn off the uh radar for now I'll just go back here November two Romeo foxtrot cross we need at above six Corrections three thousand uh included on that one a one two approach all right thanks so much weaning at her above 3 000 clears the Arnav one two approach Bermuda to Romeo foxtrot all right so we've been cleared the approach um gonna hit here approach so we get the Glide path in the standby this is our scoreboard here so everything in the green is active and everything in the white is uh standing by Rita's a little bit different it's an elnav vnab um compared to most r-nav approaches in the States now it should so lpv so slightly lower minimums you'll see the Glide slope indicator looks a little bit different but it's a very accurate approach and um always always been good good to us at the Bermuda so we got some really cool uh flights coming up over the next few weeks so we got an LAX flight citation data is flying in from Europe November five five so we're gonna have to think about that LAX in there and I'll fly him into Jackson Hole so hopefully a new uh share that video everyone good morning radar contest should be a busy arrival looking forward to that uh should be a good summer of content for the channel and uh really hopeful uh you'll enjoy it so should be good trying cool Cedar Aviation again here leader Aviation Bermuda November 2 Romeo what's up Victor be advised November 554. 10 minutes out will be with you overnight departing tomorrow morning thanks so much all right awesome so FBO news we're coming in November two Romeo Fox shot 80s information Delta current ly a fox shot time one five five expect all instrument approaches Runway one two wins one two zero degrees one one knots visibility one zero kilometers or more to Romeo all right it is Toasty holy smokes Robin got the t-shirt on one thousand to go be landing right right around 2 900 pounds of fuel so again awesome comes at 172 Clementine level four one zero number 102 thank you November two Romeo talk shot contact with Midtown 118.1 18-1 to Romeo see ya let's go collapse of teen speechs Bermuda Tower good afternoon citation to Romeo foxtrot Arnav one two number two Romeo fox show from the tower Runway one two q and H one zero two zero information Delta start between 140 degrees one Three Notch grades around good land the runway one two citation two Romeo Fox shots all right we're at Cleveland Runway one two wow the water looks so pretty all right the v-nav Glide path is coming in Glide path missed approach altitude set three thousand gear down here we go gear down three green no red okay below 161 knots we are collapse 35 setting and let's get our Landing checklist okay gear down three green no red flaps 35 speed break is down air speed is coming back and autopilot and yard dampener to go landing clearance has been received autopilot Auto Pilots away Gonna Keep a little extra speed the winds kind of start to get a little swirly over that uh kind of Cliffy Thing by the runway your dampeners away before landing checklists complete minimums minimums Landing 400. 200. 50 40 30. 20. 10. nice he breaks out and we'll keep it rolling to our backs away exit number two Romeo fox show Welcome vacate the active left one Charlie remember Kitty contact round one two four that's four five left Charlie ground one two four decimal five to Romeo all right there's Charlie all right we are clear of the runway go to ground ground hello citation to Romeo foxtrot clearer Runway one two at Charlie for senior Aviation November 2 Romeo foxtrot Bermuda ground taxi left on Alpha right Hotel apron full right Hotel apron four two Romeo Fox and have a great day thank you likewise welcome to Bermuda everyone hope you enjoyed that flight that was awesome all right resetting the trim here and uh right into apron 4. we love it see where they're gonna Park us anyway always an adventure and again thank you so much for watching the video and uh hope to see you at Oshkosh take care everyone thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @realmmfc [6 likes]: Flying your dad’s pj back and forth to Bermuda and spending every summer in Jackson Hole.. what a life.
  2. @marinegunner7481 [1 likes]: Your HF radio antenna must be cut to a specific length and your Citation tail is not tall enough to contain it. Larger aircraft with taller vertical stabilizers can embed the HF antenna inside the tail.
  3. @beedlenate101: Oshkosh WI, Airshow was absolutely awesome. Great Experience with the Family.
  4. @lianecornils6603: We’ve come a long way 😄.   Or have we.
  5. @mac3644: WTF moment at 4:38
  6. @andydrinkwater5337: great video,  loved it. thanks
  7. @humbertofonseca1991: 🫵👍✨
  8. @jacobstrumpet: Hey Max, loving the channel. Random question: what sunglasses do you use and recommend for flying?
  9. @kronie19: Hi. What model citation is this?
  10. @bethhoffman1954: Odessa ukraine kids bods
  11. @bethhoffman1954: Caleb Hoffman video
  12. @JerryGray-j7n: That check list keeps your plane configured for take off and landing I've seen on pilot debrief a pilot forget configure planes wrong with catastrophic consciences I wouldn't fly with a pilot that doesn't use one
  13. @JerryGray-j7n: I love how max religiously does the check list
  14. @bigtaxrefund: amazing job buddy. i loved your flight. im a pilot, avionic tech and A&P mechanic. aviation is in my blood
  15. @papiliozach: Somebody was for sure murdered in the tower
  16. @reyray1123: Were you scared?
  17. @SimoSimo-m6z: Goud pilot
  18. @theupdraftchannel48: Why are there never any customer passengers on his flights? What is his payload?
  19. @ferdousahmadi6101: i love the way your flying
  20. @marinegunner7481: I was under the impression that N92RF is a Cessna Longitude. It was also my understanding that the Longitude is certificated as a 2-pilot-required aircraft. Please explain. What am I missing?

- Buying a Private Jet in Cash and Flying It 1,800 Miles Home!: Kind: captions Language: en Well guys, I am at a loss for words right now, but the title says it all. We literally just bought a private jet. A true team effort with our friends Owen and Ricky Gutierrez. We pulled the deal together. I can't believe this is happening. And it's right behind this door. Are you guys ready to see it for the first time? Introducing to the channel our new Cessna Citation. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my goodness. It's starting up. Wow, guys. Listen to that. The first time hearing it run. There goes the plane off on a taxi test. They just replaced the brakes and a tire and did a little bit of fuel work. So, they were checking for leaks. Now, they're going to test the brakes before they send us on our way. All right, it's go time, guys. The wire just hit. We got the green light to take the plane. They're pulling it out. Oh my goodness. This is surreal. This is happening, guys. Ricky's freaking out. Remember, Ricky has never He's never even been in a jet. So, for him to now ride in a private jet for the first time, one that he's an owner of, is like probably very surreal for him. Here we go. So, we got all the logs. Owen and James about to be sitting up front. Check it out. Woohoo. We're going to load the front baggage area first for CG. All right, guys. Let's board up and hit the skies. James, you ready? I'm ready. Oh my gosh. Ricky, are you ready? Let's go home, baby. First time private jet traveler. What are you expecting? A safe trip. A Oh, shoot. Uh, I'm certainly expecting that, too. I heard they're quicker. They take off quicker, but that you could also feel more turbulence. That's what I'm like about. Should be pretty smooth skies, actually. Then again, we have like a thunderstorm ahead of us. Yeah, if you don't mention that. Yeah. Yeah. There's no terrible weather in our path. Yeah. Oh, and you're used to big GFream G4s. This This is nothing. This is like a little Tonka toy compared to that. Come on. No, I'm looking forward to getting back in Citation. So, this be great. James here, freshly typed. So, yeah. So, you've flown these quite a bit. I mean, this is what you fly for work. So, this is same old same old. You said it flies like a big fast 172. Just a 172 with fans on it. 172 with fans. Okay. Let's board up and hit the skies. Here we go. Oh man, take a look. I'm going to sit here so I can give you guys a good view of the cockpit. The only thing that like if we wanted to change something, probably like the carpet to update it out. Yeah, sure. These are so easy to change out. Ron Mata Aviation Creations. He could definitely take this to the next level. But you're right, it's in really good shape. So, there's nothing like immediate that needs to be changed. And I kind of like the tan. It's like a It's kind of like our Ferrari FF, like a darker tan. Really nice. And it goes well with the burgundy metallic red exterior. Christian, ready? I think it shows really well. Yeah, super good shape. We'll explain everything with this deal. The plane. This is going to be a long video. So, I'm telling you right now, grab your popcorn, grab your drinks, enjoy the whole thing. Don't skip around. This video is going to be action-packed as we fly this plane home. Literally just bought it 1 hour ago. Sent the wire. He just got the money. We got the green light to take it. And we're flying it 1,500 miles or so, maybe 1,800 miles. I don't know. Cross country all the way home. This is going to be epic. Um, slide it. You got two greens. Two greens. Back in the middle. Hey, this is Citation 52 Tango Lima. We're over on the ground in Statesville Regional looking to pick up our IFR. Okay. So, while they're prepping up here, while it's quiet, we can talk about the specs on this plane. Carson 6,200 hour total time. That is extremely low for a jet of this vintage. Yeah. You normally see these with over 10,000 hours. Oh gosh. Yeah. I've seen plenty of citations with 8 9 10 11 12,000 hours. So, this one 6200 is very low time. That's why everything's in really good condition. All the headliner, it's actually got like a Alcantara suede headliner. So, that's that's kind of cool. Reminds us of Ferrari and Lamborghini. That's not bad. Uh, it's got all these new uh windows. Five of the six back or five of the seven back here were replaced. It's got new front windshield, new boots, so much maintenance, new brakes are big deals. Yeah, the boots very expensive. I mean, when you're talking jets, add a zero to everything in the plane world and piston plane world. That's about what you're looking at for a jet. So, tons of recent maintenance. Previous owner Conrad was super meticulous. He took great care of this plane and he was ready for the next thing. So, he moved on. The deal presented itself, so we had to jump on it. And it's looking good so far. But then again, we haven't even taken off yet. So, maybe I should not say anything. So, the one big challenge we're going to have going back are these huge headwinds that we're going to be facing. As much as Owen headwinds, 100 knots right on the nose. So, you're telling me if you're in a 152, you're going backwards. Basically, there's 12 Heat. Heat. run through that before uh takeoff checklist if you don't mind. Roger. Anti ice. Uh it's not required right now. Flight controls checked. Flaps and trim set and set. Anti-skid. We don't have Okay. Takeoff data. We got that. Set. Crew briefing. All right. Let's see takeoff. Uh anything below 80 will abort. Anything above 80 to V1, loss of engine fire, feather, lost directional control, and anything else, we'll take in the air, come back here. I fly you fix. All right. And then lineup checks to go. Yeah, you can call line up and wait and uh go with those. And states full regional traffic citation 52 tangle limo lineup uh runway 10. Statesville traffic lineup checks. Ignitions pedatic on check. Steer lights all on. Transponder, it's squawking. Ner panel clear. Throttles, engine instruments, statesville regional traffic citation 52 tanguma departing runway one park. Air speed's alive 80 knots 81 rotate. She's ready to fly. Posit flap set up. Dang, this thing goes up quick. And this is with nearly full fuel and five people. Citation 52 Tango Lima 3200 climbing 4,000 direct. 52 Tango Lima. Good afternoon. Radar contact about 2 and a half miles to the east northeast of the Statesville airport. Climb and maintain one,000. The uh hit alim is 3032. 30 32 up to 1 Z 10,000 uh two tango lima 10,000 set departure citation 52 tango lima 6600 climbing 10,000 52 tango lima land roger clim maintain 14,000 the real 332 more than an hour right up to 14,000 to tango limo and we're on top just like All right. What do you normally climb at? 200. Uh, usually like way at like 180 or something. Okay. Well, I'm going get going up there then. This thing's pretty quick. This climb rate we're getting is pretty good. Yeah. Maintain flight level 230 52 take a lever 23 set verified dude we're flying our own jet flying straight bravo temperature is minus 25 and above 102 01 N1 bump it up thing's pretty quick all right we're up here at 36000 ft she's performing perfectly I still got to pinch myself to fly her own jet right we're doing 270 over the Not awful. We got about 70 knots on the nose right now. Uh we got about an hour to go before our first fuel stop and uh we're going to land top off and reassess the weather. There's a system coming over central Texas right now. So we want to see how we're going to navigate through or around that. All right. We'll plan when we're getting fuel. We're stopping at a really cheap uh spot. 457 a gallon. Right. Small little airport just uh to the northeast of Memphis. Um yeah, 457. Can't beat that. And we're clear direct, so can't beat that either. No, we're at 36,000 ft. Five of us in here. I mean, nearly full fuel and five people in some bags. They're going to climb pretty well. So, super smooth skies right now. And this is epic. Yeah, I have to pinch myself, too. This is crazy. Well, the pilots are doing their job and we're doing our job of finding peak cabin comfort, guys. This is amazing. We just figured out how to recline the seats in the back. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Not us. Listen. Approach. Citation 52 tango lima 176 descending 1600. 52 tangle. Nashville. Approach. Nashville center 3 08. What's VRF? VRF 95 3000 ft 12,000 down to one 12,000 2. Got to piss so bad. Hump County Station 2 Tangle Lima 7 mile final 21 Humphre I'll take gear right below 176. You're down center station 52 tang lima. Go ahead. Yes sir. Cancel I at this time have a good Hey, thanks you too. All right, squawk and VR. You're back over to the CAP. Thank you. And I'll take full flaps. All right, Humpre traffic station Lima on final two. Hump landing gear, landing lights, ignitions, flaps damper, nice panel considered. Thank you. And be ready to get the speed brakes for me if you don't mind. Roger that. Plus 15. Start grabbing it. [Applause] Get him. Speed brakes extended. Focus a pulley. Dude, there is nobody here. Thrust reversers stowed. About to trim set for takeoff. Speed brakes retracted. Ignitions norm. Postatic heat off. Anti ice not needed. Exterior lights set. I'll leave the anti on it. Anti-skid. Don't don't have it. Transponder radar VFR. Checks complete. Hell yeah, dude. Let's go. Yeah. All right. Done. Awesome. Tennessee with some cheap jet A. Let's load her up. I think we're grabbing 350 gallons. Can't believe I'm saying that. 350 gallons. The most we've ever had before was like the bananas and we put in like 80 and that was like that was a big bill. 350. Oh, and you pay for this? Who's paying for this? You got to shoot. And guess what? It's self served, too. So, who's who's going to fill it up? Not it. All right. Bam. Look at it go. And yes, if you're wondering, if you know your citations, both of these engines do have the new OC HT blades. So, those are uh Chris and I were Chris and I were looking through the logs. We spent We have so much to catch you guys up on, but we spent 2 three hours going through all the logs this morning, and we came across some invoices. Those new redesigned HD blades are uh $88,000 a set per side. Gosh. 88,000 bucks. At least that's what they were in 2008, like retail price. I'm not sure about now. probably more with inflation, but to have both engines have those new blades. That's nice that we won't have to incur that expense. It was already done by the previous previous owner. Check it out here. The reverse thrusters, which came in handy on that landing. Wow. There's mixed opinions about the thrust reversers. Some people say, "Oh, you don't need them cuz it just adds weight and moves the CG back." But on a shorter runway or a contaminated runway, I think they are essential. I will happily pay the 200lb weight penalty and a little bit of extra maintenance so that I don't have to replace my brakes as often. getting a lot of cool factor. Yeah. Yeah. And they're super cool. Yeah. It's kind of like the Bonanza. Bonanza has one on each side and Jet has one on each side. Easy. Yep. We can use some fuel. I know some planes have like four or five different access points to add fuel, auxiliary tanks and all that. This is just very simple. One on each side. Keeps it very easy. Two 282 gallons each side. Oh my gosh. I don't want to know what this credit card bill is going to be by the end of this trip. It's the first time we've done jet A. That feels weird hitting that jet A button. All righty. Filling her up. Fresh jet A. That number's going up very quickly. 34 35. That's a lot of money leaving my bank account. But uh yeah, shout out to what airport are we at? Humphre County Airport in Tennessee. It's the only 10 I see. Let's go. ATQC quiz November 52 Tango Lima from the 0 Mike 5 airport to the Papa Whiskey Alpha Airport via as filed. Climb and maintain 4,000. Expect flight level 380. One10 minutes after departure. Contact Memphis Center on 125.85. Squawk 5673. Clarence void if not off by 1 1920. If not off by 1 1920 advis of attentions hill is in 1925. Time now is 1 n 06 and a half. All right. 52 tango lima clear to the papo whiskey alpha airport via asfiled. Climb 4,000. Inspect 38 0 1 0 after departure. Departure 125.85. Squawk 5673. Void if not off by 1920. Stay back. Correct. Have a great flight. Yep. Thanks. Have a good day. Bam. Let's go. That's how it's done. And for anybody wondering, the total fuel 30074 374. Dear God. Okay. Gallons or dollars? I'm getting some credit card points on this one. Gallons or dollars. God, that sound's never going to get old. Air speed's alive. Instruments look good. 80 knots. V1 rotate. Positive re + 10 flaps up. Departure citation 52 tango lima 1380 climbing 4,000. But now the same. We're both compasses and the people don't know where is on. Wait, if you're back here, who's flying the plane? James up there. Ricky, now Owen gets a rare opportunity to relax in the back. What percentage of 500 series are single pilot? Yeah, I'd probably say what, like 50/50% are 500s, 50% of 501's. Yeah, that sounds about right. It definitely adds a premium value being a 501 because single pilot planes will always be worth more. I would pick this one. These Legacy Citations, so much value for your money. We'll talk more about that when we get on the ground a little quieter, but this is great. So, what do you think? Pretty comfy. Oh, I love it, man. And I love it, man. Dude, for being a small plane and us being tall guys, it works out great. Five people in this plane is like a magical sweet spot number. Gazone and I can kick up our legs and then somebody can sit in the barrel seat and then two people up front with an enclosed lavatory. I mean, this is a small plane, but doesn't really feel like it. Yeah, let's not forget, of course, when you move our backpacks, there's a toilet there and this closes. So in a closed lavatory on a small plane like this is pretty tough to beat like 20. I got a long runway though all the way back. Hold it. Get that right wheel down first. There we go. Taking the spoilers. Spoilers out. Buckets deployed. Bravo cross post ground citation 52 tango Lima clear 7 left alpha 3 taxi meta right number two. Bam. That landing was sweet. That was clean. All right, where are we? Miley Post, Oklahoma. That cheap fuel, even cheaper than last stop. $4.30 a gallon, which, you know, right now is extremely cheap. I don't know about 2 years ago or in two years or whatnot, but 430 a gallon, man, I'll take it. Fill the tanks. All right, next stop, Phoenix. Let's go. Let's go. Go. Tangle Lima contact forward center 128.4. 24 tang li 52 tango lima 7.7 climb at 15,000 get up high as quickly as we can so we can burn less fuel tangle clear direct destination direct destination 2 tang straight shot to Phoenix baby that's what I'm talking about keeping two tangible thank you 32 up we go baby all right I come to you from the navigator's seat jump seat here I'm doing the on for flight, estimated time to destination. We can plug in the weather with our ADSB in that we have ground speed, all this info. Look at this. We've got our estimated time to our destination. We are cleared direct to Falcon Field. That's convenient. Should be no more weather on the way. 2 runway 4 right Clear 48. Come on, baby. Touchdown. There we go. Speed bricks. Where you parking? A flight north Charlie short runway four left.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JRGarage [861 likes]: Welp, so much for $100 hamburgers 🫤
  2. @KennedyKuuter [1 likes]: If you work hard then you achieve. Congrats guys. At 20 years young then this is a big achievement.🎉🎉🎉🎉
  3. @jamestreanor182: Stanfurd
  4. @user-fi6qr8wb9u: Bruh...gtfoff your phone!!!@
  5. @dougchapman4129: Well done fellas.
  6. @skawtydawg38: What a sweet machine!
  7. @kimjaenicke1716: BIFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
  8. @xstensl8823: if its flys fuc$ or rolls rent it.
  9. @AnHonestAgent: The first time I ever flew on a plane was after I won a company sales competition. They flew me, the VP and the owner out to Las Vegas in their Citation. I'll never forget how the VP, who is a 6' 7" guy with a fairly heavy build, tried to use that tiny lavatory. It was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. He couldn't ever close the door all the way, that's how tight he fit in there.
  10. @gme71844: My god I need some new friends
  11. @Itsgoodisthat: 4:05 locked but you can see daylight down the edges 😂
  12. @Pinoyphilly: Have fun guys and just take it easy and obey all the air traffic rules. Safe flights ahead
  13. @gregorydejong3130: Congrats guys! So happy for you all! Enjoy!
  14. @Ancientrepentor: What was the cost of your plane and what was the costs to fly it home? Awesome video and good luck paying for the gas ⛽️ expense.
  15. @kevinstaddon8517: Hope you get good air miles on your credit cards.
  16. @RajaAdou: Benefiting from America’s greatness. Must be nice.
  17. @tomjohnsen51: Life is meant to be LIVED! So young, yet you've already discovered the greatest aspect of life, and that is to live each day to the fullest. Ide wish you all good luck, but you don't need it. You are already prepared to take advantage of any opportunity that comes your way. Thank you for sharing this incredible beginning!
  18. @Udontwannaknow1965: 5 outstanding young men!! Nuff said!
  19. @linkKeyvanloo: bro those planes nearly hit u...
  20. @scottscott6794: Lifestyles of the rich and not so famous yet great video love aircraft.

- The OUTRAGEOUS Costs Of Owning a Private Jet... (Can We Still Afford It?): Kind: captions Language: en so the total cost out the door for our first maintenance bill on the Cessna Citation was [Music] sure you guys saw this video coming it's time we discussed the obscene egregious cost of owning a private jet so if you've been around the block a time or two you would know you could pick up an old private jet for sometimes as little as like fifty thousand dollars now not saying it's legal to fly but you know you have a private jet so how much does it actually cost to like run it and will it make you go broke this one's really trying to do just that so we just got our beautiful Cessna Citation 501 SP back from its first service and uh let's just say my bank account is crying this was supposed to be a small easy little maintenance uh routine checkup but let's just say the final bill out the door would make you think that it was anything but that if you've been watching the channel for a while you would know that we haven't posted a video with this plane for a while I'm about to explain why but you probably saw the Reveal video at this plane in the first times flying it those videos all went like semi-viral within the aviation community on YouTube I mean over 1 million views on the Reveal video thank you guys so much for blowing that video up and then the first play with it like half a million views every video we post with this plane goes crazy and for good reason I think there's a shortage of this sort of content on YouTube there are very few private jet owners that are willing to show you what it's actually like to own a plane the costs associated with fixing it running it you guys see Owen Wolf James fly this plane on the channel and we're able to take you up into the cockpit to show you the action and you all really really enjoy that I enjoy making the content I don't enjoy getting into the cockpit six foot six not really meant for people my height yeah I just gotta swing my lit okay well I don't need to get in here we're not going flying yet maybe at the end of this video we'll show you some clips but the point of this video is to be in a nice quiet environment sitting inside the plane going over what was done how much it costs to do and why I am extremely frustrated for multiple reasons shocker oh boy the comment section is going to be juicy on this one I told you that was a stupid idea buying that plane I told you you wouldn't be able before that I knew that plane would make you go bankrupt why did you buy that old piece of crap you're the dumbest Aviation YouTuber there has ever been yeah I know there was a lot of hate comments when we announced purchasing this plane all right maybe some of you are right let's actually close the door so it's extra nice and quiet in here push this this swings in all right nice and quiet let's talk numbers as far as I know I have never seen a YouTuber who owns a private jet talk about the cost of ownership you know what maintenance items you might run into in case you know you wanted to go out and buy a private jet you know what to expect right you see it for cars all the time just got my Lamborghini back from service let's talk how much it costs to own uh two thousand dollars for fluid changes and annual service and everybody's like oh my gosh I don't think I will ever complain about a car maintenance item ever again none of our cars will ever come close to the magnitude and expense of maintenance that is this private jet you think owning a Ferrari or Lamborghini is expensive I'm telling you that is peanuts compared to what I'm about to outline and the cost to maintain something like this I guess I shouldn't be surprised one's a car that has four wheels and goes like 200 miles an hour and one's a plane that has three wheels and goes 400 miles an hour so yeah it's gonna be more expensive it's a lot bigger of a toy and it's got a lot more going on and very expensive engines blah blah blah blah blah I get it I get it I was expecting it to be painful I just didn't expect it to be this painful let's review where do we start um there's big maintenance items and there's small maintenance items on a jet like this you'll hear it described in different ways citation this one in particular it's phases so you'll hear like phase one two three four five and then different planes they'll call them checks like HX B checks C checks other planes we'll just call them inspections and every single check maintenance item or phase has list of required items to inspect replace repair as necessary whatever it may be every plane's different but uh this plane in particular the phase five is the big scary item that you do not want to have to do under your ownership because get this a phase Five inspection is roughly 000 and it's due every two years but it's every four years if you have it on a low utilization maintenance program lump program I had no idea going into this I probably should have done a little more research when I came to maintenance but there's a whole lot of other phases you just only hear the big one through five so you don't hear phase 18 phase 54 phase 38 phase 42 phase 22 and they all have different uh inspection schedules and they're really difficult to track if you're doing it like by hand or by yourself or in your like Excel file on your computer so that's why having a program is really handy like uh we're on Sierra track so it tracks everything it's a decent chunk of change to have this software but it lets you keep really good track of your maintenance so I was watching that and I noticed we had some items upcoming and we are waiting for the registration to finally get approved into our name on the plane so it was kind of just down waiting for that and then these inspection items are coming up really quick and then what do you know they were Upon Us in no time so the plane obviously can't fly it if you have inspections and stuff do it had to go into maintenance we timed out on wow geez let me read off all the stuff that was done a lot of them are just like silly small little items they're important you can't skip them but they're they're simple enough at least I thought they would all be simple enough but they ended up racking up a pretty huge bill all right the inspection for the portable fire extinguisher weight that one's simple that one probably wasn't too much money and we got a pc12 going in front of me hello wow beautiful plane one day except those were millions of dollars and this not even close you could have so many of these for the price of one pc12 I'd rather take six citations than one pc12 okay and then we have elt battery that was due rvsm inspection holy smokes again naive to the fact that I didn't know exactly what's all included in the rbsm STC for this plane you have to do a yearly rvsm check intervals 12 months and uh that was due uh once again I didn't realize how much a simple rbsm check costs right it can't be that much money twenty six hundred dollars so let's get let's get the totals going you know 2600 bucks right out the gate for the rvsm check it passed though yeah thank goodness okay next up we have phase 54. what is Phase 54 I don't know I didn't even know until I logged into the you know the maintenance schedule and I saw it was due it's due every three months or 200 hours so probably must be something small and easy emergency gear bottle hydrostat yeah we'll talk about that one in a minute oh God okay engine Fire Bottle cartridges again sounds harmless right there's four of them and they all need to be replaced and that just for the part three thousand six hundred and eight dollars and then we have a radio altimeter 5G band interference mandatory inspection that okay engine Miner inspection on both sides that's every 24 months or 300 hours I guess they just inspect for any squawks or any engine issues obviously once again importance Lifeline your plane so you want your engines to be in good shape so those were due and some of these were not necessarily due but they were coming up to where I figured okay if they're coming up soon I might as well bundle everything together just so we have plenty of months of error worthy good to go travel where we don't have to worry about items so I did some of these probably a little early okay next up phase 53 inspection what's a phase 53 inspection I don't know but it was due so there are the items I'm sure I'm forgetting a few but that gives you an idea of what the plane needed to be back to airworthy current on all the inspections and ready to fly so I figured it wouldn't be that bad so we took it to a shop in California and swipe food over there in the most recent video I shall not name this shop but I wasn't too pleased with how everything went down there was a lot of just miscommunication Nation basically after about three months 90 days of sitting waiting for these inspections to be done and for the plane to be looked at they reply with hello Jeffrey regretfully our maintenance shop has been overwhelmed with aircraft holding pre-scheduled maintenance commitments and is scheduled to remain fully booked for the next 90 days for this reason we have been unable to provide a timely response to your requests for work on your aircraft we apologize for not being able to work your aircraft's maintenance needs into our meeting schedule however there's another shop on the field here that works on citations and we've advised them of your needs and they will be able to take in your aircraft quickly once again our apologies for not being able to provide the maintenance services you require at this time so this is where it started to go downhill we just waited a long time for what we thought was getting in line to get the maintenance done at this shop right and then after all that time waiting they hit us with that email which I think that's a nice way of saying hey we have some Gulf streams we need to work on and your jet is like the Honda Civic of the Skies so we're not very interested in the work in my opinion there was just a disconnect a lot of miscommunication it did didn't work out with that shop that happens sometimes it's usually no big deal on a car but when you have a jet it's a problem because the three months it was waiting on their ramp for the maintenance uh more items were needed it did not need all those items when we first brought it in for service if that makes sense it only needed like two things looked at okay and then by the time we had to go find another shop it needed whatever those eight things looked at so even if the plane's sitting it still needs all these inspections done a prop plane is just like one annual inspection big whoop but a jet when you're working on these time clocks of 24 months 36 months if it's just sitting it is running you up a massive theoretical like cost if that makes sense that was definitely upsetting because now we have more maintenance items that need to be looked at okay at least we have a recommendation for a shop so we call them I like get in touch with them and they said like oh we'll call you back we'll call you back we'll call you back we'll call you back never heard anything from them they never scheduled Us in and I was back to squares zero needing all these items done and having no idea where to take the plane it's unair worthy because it needs work done can't take it to a different shop uh on a different field it has to be somebody there luckily we referred to one last shot by a different buddy of mine what do you know they were much better about just taking the bull by the horns and getting it done they just solved the problem so we we had the problem of not having the maintenance manuals oh great there's another expense that is ridiculous so they're like hey can you can you provide us with the manuals to do the work I'm like I I don't have any manuals what are you talking about do you and they're like no we don't have manuals I'm like oh well what do we do and they're like well we can rent the manuals I'm like okay cool is it like renting a textbook it'll be like 20 bucks no it was 400 but it is what it is again I just want to get the plane done at this point so I'm like sure just do it go go so they get to work on those items they eventually hit us back with a quote you know a couple weeks later saying okay to do all those items you outlined it's going to be eleven thousand six hundred dollars and I'm like oh man that's a lot of money but it's jet world so maybe not that bad so I'm like okay cool do it so they get working at it I'm like okay I need it done by this deadline because we're planning to take the plane on a business trip this date was the target goal and then we're getting closer and closer and closer two days before this uh trip comes up they're like hey we have good news we have bad news I'm like okay what's the good news they're like we have everything done on the jet everything passed we didn't find any squawks except there's one thing that is not done I'm like well what is it explain more and they're like remember the uh emergency nitrogen landing gear bottle and I go yeah just the hydrostat test no big deal right and they're like well yeah we sent it out to hydrostatic testing I said what's the big deal did it you know fail or something like that and they said well it didn't necessarily fail but it timed out so I'm like what do you mean it timed out it's a metal bottle and I said well it actually has a life limit of 25 years and ours was at like 24 years and change therefore they couldn't certify it and test it for another cycle run they wouldn't pass the bottle so I'm like oh man that that really stinks but you know how quick can we get one and you know how much is it it can't be that much money it's this tiny little bottle like you know Grandma rolls around for oxygen what a couple hundred bucks or something and they go um no if we can find one about ten thousand dollars why why what Come Again Come Again this little bottle is ten thousand dollars and what do you mean if we can find one and they just said well you know part supply and availability is tricky especially for these old planes um you know we don't currently see one available we called a few places nobody has one but we're gonna do some more digging I don't even want to pay 10 000 bucks I'll just find a used one with some time left and we'll we'll do that I'm like forget the forget the business trip We're not gonna make it so we we can that I just said you know what we'll get you a used bottle you'll put it in we'll pick it up next week so he said okay yeah you're more than welcome so Owen and I post on the Instagram stories hey who has you know this nitrogen bottle part number this we need it figuring we'd get some leads and we got some leads about three four people reply saying hey this company has one or hey my shop has one or like fantastic how much do you want for it uh I even found one on a quick eBay search for like 400 bucks and I'm like huh this is easy we'll just get this one off eBay 400 every single time when I dug a little deeper timed out timed out timed out every single one I'm in danger so I now have so many hours invested trying to find find a used bottle at this point the plane is just burning hole in our pocket you know if we keep waiting it's going to need more inspections done so we just you just have to bite the bullet and pay the money so a couple days later I reach back out to them saying hey can't find a used one we're just gonna have to buy a new one for that 10 000 bucks and at about this time they did find one in Southern California for yeah right about nine thousand three hundred dollars plus shipping or something like that close to ten thousand dollars I'm like okay perfect you know call them up and tell them we'll take it so I cannot make this stuff up so they call them up and say hey we need that bottle we'll take it you know my customer needs it for the plane and uh what do you know it sold about an hour prior someone else bought the bottle I I just don't enjoy it it's not an enjoyable experience for me and I don't like any of you so they called me back saying hey that bottle that we thought was available is uh now sold what do you want to do and I'm like oh my gosh that was my fault because I I waited I held off on buying a new bottle for 10 000 bucks because why would I want to pay 10 000 bucks for a bottle I thought for sure I could get one used but like I said the shop is good about getting in the trenches getting it done so about one or two days later they call saying hey we found another one it's available right now you gotta let us know we're not gonna let it you know sell again or else this might be the last one we see for a while so I'm like all right buy it go so they called him back immediately and they pulled the trigger on it a brand new bottle 25 years left with all the paperwork ready to be dropped in the plane it was local in Southern California they shipped it up for again shipping for all these parts 602 oh my gosh they got it they installed it and they said okay the plane is officially done this was a few days ago and uh here here we go I'm in it now because we're about to take flightnet for the first time and make sure everything works we are legal everything is done no issues with the plane and uh I'm sure you guys are wondering the total right so eleven thousand six hundred dollars for just like the inspection and labor on those items uh and then we got the oxygen bottle like I said nine thousand one hundred and fifty dollars the elt battery 679 dollars ouch uh the cartridges like I said 3 608 so just the equipment part stuff like that 13 000 the rental 400 plus the shipping 600 what's adjustments I didn't even see that line item when I paid the bill adjustments one thousand two dollars all right and then of course uh sales tax seven point seven five percent one thousand forty one dollars so the total cost out the door for our first maintenance bill on the Cessna Citation to do those six simple inspections was twenty seven thousand eighty dollars and sixty seven cents foreign again I knew owning and maintaining a jet would be expensive I just I just wasn't prepared for this I know the comments are going to be good on this video go ahead comment away comment away you stupid little kid thinking you could buy it yet and afford to maintain it all right I'm just kidding that's a little bit of drama for the video honestly it sucks it sucks it does suck a ten thousand dollar oxygen bottle nitrogen bottle will always suck for anyone I don't care how much money you have but we did budget for these things we have money left over this plane was a great deal I know we got a great deal on it I knew it would cost money to keep it going and to fly it I plan for it I wasn't quite planning this much this fast but it's not the end of the world you know now that we just pissed away that much money why not just piss away a little more money let's drop a hundred thousand bucks on a panel it's funny the shop does do panel upgrades and they just finished a 501 with a gorgeous full glass panel and I think it was uh I mean it's like 150 175 000 bucks or more but they just finished it and they're like hey you wanna you wanna add that on top too and do that next and I'm like no I'd much rather have a Lamborghini than a couple glass screens right here at least for now you know maybe down the road we'll update it what do you guys think should we call up our friends over at avidyne and uh throw some glass in here I think it would be pretty cool to put twin 550s right here get rid of these ancient radios it's fine how it is Owen does a great job you'll see in the next video Flying it which we're taking off soon so it's gonna be a good one the thing is these this is just the beginning these are small items these engines right here the most expensive part on the plane Brad Whitney jt15d-1as the Costa overall these engines absolutely ludicrous 400 what the heck is that what is that so loud [Applause] those blades in there eighty thousand dollars was the cost to do the HT blade upgrade on each motor 160 000 bucks just for the blades just for the sets of blades what the heck and yeah four hundred thousand dollars plus or minus to overhaul the engines nobody overhauls these engines anymore I mean some people do but the general consensus is you just take a used pair of engines slap them on then have however much remaining time left the the formula is usually about a hundred dollars per hour so if it's got a thousand hours remaining on the engine that engine's worth about a hundred thousand dollars so you would take that slap it on instead of overhauling the engines if that makes sense wow look at that thing what is that like a lance air so yeah we still have some time till TBO and the engine's here but dear God when we hit TBO even if you just hot side it and call it a day you're still talking maybe a hundred thousand bucks out the door for you know the two engines and those are just the engines don't even get me started on the windshields this was about 30 000 for the previous owner to recently replace thank goodness he did that and that was on his time also one of these boots are new or maybe both of them uh he replaced them at the cost of I think he said Thirty or forty thousand dollars again correct me if I'm wrong but I think these are all in the ballpark especially with inflation and the cost of getting these parts don't even get me started on the tires the tires you literally cannot even find them if you can you're talking maybe three thousand bucks for each tire the brakes another very expensive thing he just replaced I think that side or this one can't remember twelve thousand dollars you get the idea what we just went through was pennies compared to what it can be it can easily exceed the value of the plane just one engine being overhauled is nearly the price of these airplanes and of course I'm not even mentioning the obvious consumables fuel hello this thing best case scenario you're burning 130 gallons in high elevation Crews but it can easily be at lower altitude 160 180 gallons an hour it'll just drink the fuel they're older engines they're not the most efficient things yeah they're pretty robust and pretty reliable but it's a trade-off they drink a lot of gas and of course they're not on engine programs oh that would be another thing if you're on engine programs or something having to pay every hour but of course then you don't pay for some of the big maintenance bills so it's just pros and cons pluses and minuses this one not on any programs no warranty so everything is paid out of pocket and my pockets are hurting all right there you go so there's the moral of the story let's hit the skies test this thing out for the first time stay tuned for the next video where we taking on a really cool flight I can't tell you where yet but we got an exciting one planned I hope you guys enjoyed this video be sure to comment down below if you ever plan to buy a private jet now you know some of the costs associated with them and I'm sure I missed a lot of things oh air conditioning if air conditioning goes out it's not like a couple hundred bucks to fix it like a normal car you're talking multiple five figures to replace the system thank goodness this has the freon upgraded system oh and of course how can I forget Insurance that's another important charge that everybody's probably curious about on a plane right one of our supercars will probably run about five to six hundred bucks every six months so a little over a thousand dollars for an annual premium for one of our Lamborghini's Ferraris McLarens right so this plane's worth what two three times as much so it should be two three grand right no not at all get this we just paid out nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty four dollars and of course I could go on and on and on it's got rvsm which was I think like a fifty thousand dollar STC again thank goodness the previous owner did that stuff but he did plenty but we'll still have to do plenty we got a lot on the list I want to upgrade the interior with Ron Aviation Creations it's a little dated looking in here I mean it's still in good shape so I don't know what to do what do you guys think comment Down Below on interior comment Down Below on panel and we'll go from there good to have the plane back my bank account's a whole lot lighter now but hey learned a lot and uh we'll continue doing that this is the first of many jets I'm not shying away I'm loving every moment of it despite the pain thank you guys for watching we'll see you next time in the sky say that it feels right

  Top Comments:
  1. @JRAviation [466 likes]: Trust me, DO NOT buy a cheap jet unless you know what you are getting into haha. I hope you enjoyed this real talk discussing the real numbers associated with our first "small" maintenance checkup. There are sooooo many other costs I didn't mention. Pilot salary, hangar rent, taxes, registration, landing fees, etc, etc... Subscribe for more jet videos!
  2. @misham6547: To me it sounds like this jet is EOL and is about to run out of spare parts
  3. @gavinclaassen6440: Maybe you should have bought yourself an experimental plane like a Lancair Evolution and maintain it yourself for about what your beloved Lambo will cost you in parts ( labor on you in time not money format) ?! Just a thought .
  4. @vvipaero: yeah sorry about that, i thought the same when i was into the first {and only] HELI. IT IS SAVAGE.
  5. @johnrus7661: If it makes you feel better, a new Piper M700 isn't exactly cheap to maintain when bigger things come up. Especially if you count purchase price in the cost of ownership. But at least being new you won't be getting those big bills for a while.
  6. @kenallen9470: Didn't you buy it with a few people? Wouldn't the bill be split?
  7. @Ciencia_con_Pablo: A mí me gusta analógico
  8. @andrewtrovao2397: It seems that being skinny has its disadvantages. 😂🎉
  9. @eliseoloves: Comment here. Be a man .
  10. @CC_Hunters: OMG…this is extremely dragged out unnecessarily
  11. @climatixseuche: get to the point ...
  12. @ghostrider71766: Out of curiosity, what do you do for a living?
  13. @Chofernocturno: YES, call Avidyne or Garmin and upgrade the electronic! You add a better price for the resale. I don't know your numbers, but even if you make money, using that airplane just for enjoyment and business does not make the numbers. Rent a private, especially with a card, making more sense from a tax point. Unless you put your airplane to work as part 135, you're losing an awful amount of money.... genius....
  14. @jessefincham8899: I got old firefighter tanks from firehouse for like 30$ a piece. I fill them to 5500 psi for my air guns. They are outdated. 10,000 is ridiculous
  15. @MfonAkpabio-r2n: it really sucks but don't give up
  16. @shawn-baby: I find Myself leaning towards buying blocks of time on a Fleet of aircraft for Different purposes versus buying a private Jet I think it costs a little bit more money in the long run but no headaches just make a call and go
  17. @RR-zq3mk: 22:40 video break down.  2:40 of useful info.  20 min of drama 😂
  18. @f4f471: You guys were showing off when you bought the plane (not thinking the REAL cost of owning one) 
So now you know - DUH !
Stop complaining !
  19. @TheRemo1771: Wait till you have to do the HOT SECTION.
  20. @TheRemo1771: Ok Putz, what were you thinking? ITS A JET. NOW YOU KNOW how an airline feels.
Wa, wa, wa.
Then how much have you made on your channel?

- Owning a Private Jet is Actually Surprisingly AFFORDABLE in So Many Ways!: Kind: captions Language: en I know what you're thinking right now hold on that title and thumbnail must be a mistake there is no way it is cheap to own a private jet and well you guys probably recall my last video talking about ownership cost with the Jet and I was crying about how much it costs to maintain and own this Jet and uh well I left out some things that were actually really cheap about owning this plane and in the months since I've actually found this plane to be really really economical to own I know that sounds crazy but please just hear me out watch the whole video and I'll explain to you how it might be actually much much cheaper than you're thinking to own this private jet all right we're blasting off here to uh Colorado actually I got some business to take care of there and I figure why not bring the cameras and talk citation you all love this plane so here we go lock the door two greens hit it baby all right this cold startup never gets old not that it sounds any different on a cold start but still it just sounds so good oh yeah I've never been back here for the start up you can actually see the blades going there goes the fuel one of my favorite sounds ever turban engine spooling up so good all right here comes the other station 52 four right line up L right line up and wait guys two tting turn right hitting 1 Niner 0 maintain 4,000 24 right clear for takeoff all right right turn 1 Niner 0 4,000 or clear for take off for right two [Music] t left take off right right good for takeoff righted Ro 30 parture 52 tangle Li and the right turn to 190 out of 2.5 climing 4 52 tangle Lima Phoenix apprach ID 311 52 tangle cont half Southeast Bal Field Airport Alor 3 011 maintain 4,000 working on higher and on course 4,000 to position Jacks number two tangle on course heading for bug when I give that to you standby 0 1 0 two tangle Lima Roger number two tangle Lima call 7,000 7,000 Tang two tangle Lima turn left heading 0 5 Z vectors on course 0 oh they were sending us every which way there for a second guys but all over the place now we're starting to go the right direction plan's loving it two people cold weather oh yeah so finally guys the Tailwind gods are on our side with the jet I've never had a nice nice Tailwind with the jet yet but today according to the windy app and for flight we'll be uh at times getting 60 70 80 knots on the tail two tangle LMA climb and maintain 1 3,000 1 3,000 two Tang number two tangle LMA turn left heading 35 vectors for climb left 35 Tang number two Tang maintain 9000 9,000 Tang man 9,000 now guys gave us 13 then they took it right back so for like a piston plane not that big of a deal but for a jet obviously the lower you are you're just like pissing away fuel like it is just ripping through right now look at the fuel flow right now per hour that's what we have at this altitude setting we'd be out to fuel in 2 hours whereas you know it should be more like 5 hours so it just goes to show how much we're burning right now so we want to get higher as quick as possible 1 two Tang fighing 3 1 0 climb and maintain 1 3,000 310 heading and 1 3,000 310 on the heading up to 13000 two Tang Lima two Tang Lima connect departure point2 good day 192 good day two Tang Lima Center 5 two Tang Lima out of 12 climate 13 heading 310 52 tangle Lio Phoenix departure climate maintain flight level 21 0 21 0 two tangle it's the busiest I've ever seen it it's crazy what the heck that was Madness this way that way this altitude no that altitude this one contact this but like I was saying the moral of the story you want to get as high as possible as quickly as possible to save on you know jet fuel and just economy now we're going in the direction of Colorado Albuquerque Center citation 52 Tango Lima out of 17 climbing 21 heading 3602 Tang Roger we on course for you shortly clim maintain flight level 2 flight level 250 two tangle Lima thank you perfect you're getting good man that was cool never really done jet communication okay nice 25,000 we just keep going up and up let's go okay guys we're settled into 33,000 for now and check out the ground Speed come on you can do it three more give us 400 I've never seen 400 in this plane as predicted we got that little push well medium size push so we'll take it this is great oh come on come on you can do it baby you can do it one knot hey there we go 41 knots and people call this the slow come on over 400 knots all right just kidding obviously the wind's helping us out big time we'll take it so we got about an hour left oh and where are we going I just said Colorado that's right so we are going to Veil uh just to the West of Denver uh high altitude Airport m in a so definitely no place to mess around we're lucky it's good weather today we should be able to get visually super easy but uh got to have a game plan coming in here know your outs know your missed approach procedures uh cuz there's no messing around up here in the mountains dang how many times have you been to Veil you think and mainly in the go streams uh honestly in a few different airplanes a handful of times it's a good alternate for Aspen when Aspen is uh weathered in it just keeps going 408 all right so what's this whole ding ding ding ding yeah that's just the route they gave us instead of giving us a a star they just kind of are going to Route us like this uh we'll see how the oiler is we could cancel and help them so I'll take a look when we get closer well we are at our cruising altitude so let me set up this camera and pull out my phone to go over the whole list of things prices and expenses that are actually surprisingly cheap all right so let's get into this no it's not clickbait no we're not joking about this there's actually quite a few things about this jet that are just that surprisingly cheap the first one kicking it off probably biggest selling point of this plane especially when it came out was single pilot operation 501p single pilot that's why just Owens here there's no need for a co-pilot so that saves big time when you're uh running the plane you don't need to pay for a co-pilot and you've said how easy this plane is to fly right oh so simple yeah they did a great job designing it and yeah like you said it's single pilot out of the factory so a lot of the other uh 500 citation models you need to get a single pilot exemption on your certificate whereas this single pilot out the gate so super helpful so on SPS bring a premium over their 500 counterpart so so that's a really nice thing about this plane sa for that 500 or a Cessna 2 the 550 that needs a co-pilot do you know the going rate for just some right seat kid who you know is allowed to fly at right seat it's like you got to still pay him 700 bucks a day 500 at least at least seven seven to a grand so that adds up you know dang yeah for every you know trip you take having to have a cop out so that's something cool about the plane next up oh my favorite right now you know I'm all about just like getting good deals and saving money talk about cheap jet fuel lately holy smokes we are saving a ton of money off just jet fuel naturally being cheap I don't know what's going on so remember we filled up the other day $3.79 a gallon yep wow and part of that is to our good friends over at CAA you've heard us talk about that before but uh it's basically a fuel membership that gets you discounted fuel at like hundreds of airports across the country it's a no-brainer to get the $500 membership that gets you sometimes up to3 $4 off per gallon it's partially because of CA but across the country whether you have it or not gas is still much much cheaper than it was say a month or two ago so if we do the math This Plane holds 564 gallons of fuel $2 less per gallon means you're saving $1,000 every fill up if you're flying it economically it's actually not that that bad in jet fuel and it makes the difference of like an early gas hog jet less noticeable you know a lot of people don't like these planes because they burn so much fuel which is true compared to their efficient modern counterparts but if fuel is cheap it's an excuse to like not worry as much about that so that's that's something that's really handy all right so next one you got to store it somewhere right you're either parking it outside not advised for cheap or you're putting in a hanger and especially in Arizona and California it can be really spendy finding a good hanger space and Owen hooked this one up but uh we'll be parking this uh later today at its new hanger spot for uh how much a month seven 00 a month 7,000 700 two zeros $700 with a tug and access to come in and out whenever we want like that's crazy cheap normally it's not that cheap full disclosure I mean hot markets you could be paying three four 5 $6,000 I mean depending where you're at so uh we definitely got the hookup we got really lucky there this is through a connection I've known for years and years so I do him favors he does me favors we just help each other out so that's what I love about Aviation little bit of a homey hookup but a little bit of it being that the plane is pretty small like it can fit in a decently small spot it's not a massive plane yeah his cheyen probably takes up more room in the hanger than this one yeah at the end of the day like this is a very small jet so it fits in small spaces so you can get decently priced parkings show the clip of this plane parked under the global 7500 yeah yeah yeah right yeah yeah goes to show like this plane will fit under the wing of a global that we saw the other day Insurance because own is such a Godly pilot and has crazy hours and experience in so many different planes the rate is actually really cheap so this is this is going to hinge on your experience and your hours and stuff greatly but if you have good times you can get the insurance way down we got a policy quoted for as low as $10,000 for the year we didn't go with it because we wanted some tweaks on the policy so we're paying a little bit more than that but we could have activated that policy at just 10 grand it's under 1,000 bucks a month for a jet some people are paying you know 10 grand for piston playing so again it all depends your experience whatnot but like age and some other factors yeah but actually age they don't give you much trouble on you know if you were trying to get insurance on a Lamborghini no matter how much experience you had at 21 years old it'd be like a ton of money but I found that even though you're really young I was referring to older guys oh okay I thought he was saying young people I'm like I haven't found you getting rates super high because of your age but yeah older guys might might struggle with uh getting an insurance policy but yeah it's kind of flipped for cars they want drivers who are like 70 years old and not the 20-year-old kids but for planes him at I mean you're getting insurance policy 2021 years old on Legit crazy planes for cheap I I like that I mean that's how it should be it should be a bad experience not because you're you're young you're automatically a bad pilot or something that's not the case Okay this one's probably my favorite and this is going to be shocking to all of you out there so with cars one of the biggest expense is obviously registering it getting the license plates all squared away and just transferring ownership right it can be thousands and thousands of dollars for some some of our super cars actually way more than that you know a nice Lamborghini brand new you could be paying like 20 30 grand just to get the plates for the car to legally drive it so to get the plates for this citation you have to transfer the ownership with the FAA and then you have to pay the State registration fees along with some taxes to go along with the transfer of ownership so hey you guys are going to be shocked with this one let's start with the FAA registration transfer so it's actually kind of surprising airplanes don't have titles all you do is scribble on a little piece of paper saying I transfer ownership this tail number for this amount of money to this person that's it there's no title for an airplane but with that little scribbl piece of paper you send in an application to transfer it to your name and the payment guess how much the payment is guys for a jet you're probably thinking thousands of do no $5 $5 foot long to register the jet with the FAA to transfer the ownership bro that's crazy five okay but surely they surely they'll get us with the state taxes and stuff okay right ready for this Arizona when you purchase a plane private party not from a dealer they wave the 8.5% tax 0 in tax imagine we had to pay 88.5% on this amount of money tens of thousands of dollars that we don't have to pay every State's different but Arizona they wave that on private party sales great crazy okay but surely they'll get you on the registration no once again we luck out get this in Arizona they have a stipulation saying that if the aircraft is over 40 years old it's considered some classic plane you know they probably don't think it's worth very much they cap the registration cost at $25 now 2500 $25 for any airplane they don't care if it's a jet or SES 15 if it's over 40 years old you pay a flat fee of $25 this is going to piss some people off so to get this plane transferred into our name registered with the state $25 plus $5 $30 $30 and I'm pretty sure that's a one time fee FAA you don't have to do it every year that's crazy oh my gosh I talked about that on Tik Tok I think I post a video go ahead and follow the page if you want but um it had some angry people in the comments I mean rightfully so if a Honda Civic costs like 300 bucks to get plates and AET cost $25 I could see how that would anger some people but hey I didn't write the rules don't hate the player hate the game like I don't know it is what it is I just got really lucky with Arizona tax laws being very advantageous for airplanes old airplanes that is I'm sure you're wondering if it wasn't 40 years old uh the fee is I'm pretty sure like 1% or half of 1% which doesn't seem like a lot but on a jet that adds up quick it's still be thousands of dollars so but we don't have to pay that so that's pretty awesome so I got a few more things to mention but they are more visual Daily Doubles I want to show you around the cockpit so let's get on the ground I'll whip out the camera and then we'll talk about your favorite thing maintenance jet maintenance and uh last video we got buried pretty good on our first bill but but it just got out of another service and uh actually I feel very refreshed it was not bad at all so let's talk about that I don't know which I like better flying in the back here in the seat there are clients or up front with Owen both are really fun and nice but uh it's tough to beat riding in the back here I would take a nap but with these Tailwinds we're going to be landing like 30 minutes so I don't really have much time left in the flight look at the Rockies out there wow that is so pretty I've never flown into this area of Colorado wow we are in some pretty terrain plane's flying great once again doing everything we ask of it such a solid plane for the money there is so much bang for the buck with Legacy citations this is one of the most slept on airplanes for the money and they're just starting to now go up in value because people are realizing like these planes are an amazing deal okay guys in the desent now what did you just get slightly different route yeah it's actually better it cuts the corner there instead of going all the way to merer so we got Jesse then kremling oh it's getting pretty two Tang cancel I2 approve have a good day good yeah buddy all right guys we got lucky the clouds as you can see completely cleared up 's got the field in sight we're going to cut the corner save some time save some fuel and help them out a little bit bit wow this is beautiful oh my gosh Eagle Tower station 52 tangal about 15 to the Northwest out of 15,500 inbound let that go station 52 tangle Eagle Tower I enter right down 25 report Midfield right down 25 report Midfield two Tang aircraft we're five c501 Lima copy thank you awesome that shave minimum 5 minutes probably close to 10 cuz they would had to take us all the way around and sequence us on the approach wow beautiful weather so you've come you've come in here when this is all like just nothing but clouds and sketchy yeah it's not F but on a day like today I have no problem doing some uh VFR flying keeps you Sharp 52 Tang Runway 2 clear clearland 252 Tang absolutely gorgeous I yeah it's beautiful n ration 52 Tang Lio left Alpha 5 contact ground Point left Alpha 5.8 day clean up on Runway 25 Owen spilled some butter God dang that was good beautiful man welcome the veil beautiful man long Runway dang I post on my Tik Tok that there's levels to uh private jets and you're about to see that first hand with some uh some of this heavy metal some very expensive heavy metal on the parked here oh my gosh look at all the gold streams the amount of billionaires in Colorado right now 52 Tang Lima clearing Alpha 5 for the CH Center 52 Tang Lima taxi along Alpha and that Regional Jet will be out of your way in just a few moments all right Alpha behind RJ GF streams just covered in snow oh my gosh that was some efficient fast and fun flying so sweet job Owen and uh catch you guys in a bit bam and just like that guys we're safely on the ground here in Colorado what a beautiful view coming in that was just gorgeous Rocky Mountains snow capped Peaks anyway like I said there's a couple more things I have to hit on in this video and uh that starts with maintenance okay you guys remember the first video where I was talking about cost of owning a jet and I said how things can be very very expensive and I mentioned a couple small maintenance items that we had to do and how they resulted in a first service bill of $27,000 including that one stupid nitrogen bottle that was $10,000 literally the nitrogen bottle is like 2 feet long you know this big and uh it was 10 grand so that was really really frustrating you all remember that video and a couple other things were done phase 54 phase this phase that whatever nothing big all small stuff 27 Grand so luckily we found another citation shop back in Arizona that's on the field and the guy's really good with citations he's been working on for a long time and he said here you know let me do any maintenance on it that you need so a couple months later it was due for a few more phases inspections as well as a couple other things we wanted him to look at so he took it in and he knocked out that schedule maintenance along with the few discrepancies that we brought it in for such as we were getting a fault for the inboard Leading Edge of the wing that heated portion that's right by the fuselage that 4T section it was not heating up and then we were also having a problem with the co-pilot side gyro it was not getting gyro pressure so we figured possibly the whole assembly was bad or maybe there was a leak or clog somewhere not sure but that was another thing we wanted him to look at along with that's it basically just installing a couple other parts which I'm going to hit on in just a second here but basically the cost to troubleshoot the inboard uh Leading Edge there it' rip it all apart trace the wiring back and he found that the wiring was uh basically wasn't secured properly and there was like a short somewhere in the wire so he got that routed properly and redone and problem solved so that was 10 hours of work $150 an hour $1,500 bucks for that and then the gyro here I thought it was the whole assembly and he said no no no before we install the whole assembly let me let me Trace back the vacuum system and sure enough he found a clog in the system and he cleared it out and Gyro's working just fine now so that was also 10 hours $1,500 as well and then aside from that we needed him to install some parts now let me take you up front to the cockpit oh by the way you're probably wondering the other phase stuff there were some other phases do like Ju Just silly little things Fire EX or this you know making sure the exit door still works 3 4 hours so I assume that's going to be 6 7 800 bucks and now with all those inspections out of the way we're good for like six or seven months worth of flying with hopefully no foreseeable at least scheduled maintenance of phases that have to be done uh from here on out if it goes back to the repair shop it's for you know some some little squawk that pops up so so how about that up to six or seven months of possibly maintenance-free flying at the cost of just like $2,000 well kind of let me explain there's a reason we have no big maintenance coming up I'll hit on that in just a second but first I have to show you all those new used parts we installed yes that's right we saved a killing installing good quality used parts thanks to Bas part sales you guys have probably heard about them they're like the biggest airplane Salvage business they basically buy crashed or damaged planes or timed out planes and then they part every single part on them if that makes sense and they have a bunch of citations one of the really good things in my opinion about these Legacy citations are they made a lot of them and there's plenty that are tired now and being scrapped out and those are being used for parts to keep the flying ones still flying so I need to give a huge shout out to Bas part sales Kansas City we are so lucky that they have probably thinking back now five or six at least five or six citation 500s that are in their scrap Boney yard that we can pick off parts from so so literally every single part or piece I said that I needed they were able to fish it off one of their planes within you know just hours it was crazy they had every single thing I needed so let's go over some of those things now and tell you all the money I saved from them it's crazy so one's right above me from day one picking up this airplane we were missing this other strip on the left side see right here how it's just completely missing and it looks kind of Ratty especially up here where Like Glue residue is so this was needing to be fixed but I couldn't even find it brand new what do you know Bas Kansas City had it right on one of their planes sitting there so they pulled it off and they sold to me for $35 it's right down here I just have to install it's really easy I don't know why I haven't done that yet but right here so I'll just stick it up on actually no sticking required see this little groove right here it pinches in between right here and it sticks up there without any adhesive needed so I'll toss that on that was a great deal okay and then moving up here starting with uh right here the whiskey Compass this mount broke I'm not going to name names but somebody actually put a little Force right here and it just snapped so I was like oh shoot that's going to be a th000 bucks from cesna but uh no well yeah it probably is but from Bas part sales only $100 so that was sweet also over here common citation issue this fuse panel right here it's made of some material that as it gets hot and ages it'll start to warp and bend and that's actually a really big problem because ours was getting so bad it was starting to pull up and it was nearly causing these fuses to be pulled out and if it got to that point you wouldn't be able to push them back in so that's a big safety concern so we were starting to freak out like oh shoot where do we get this thing cuz knew it was about 4,000 bucks for this little panel $4,000 of course it's like back and has some power going to it and stuff but still I wasn't about to pay that so I called him up I said hey I need this and I specifically wanted one with like no you know skid brakes the same options as our plane and this is identical off the same plane with the same options for $600 so that's a huge savings right there also this uh yeah yeah this panel right here so similar deal not that it was starting to warp but the back lighting wouldn't work and sure I could have had them try to solve the back lighting issue but it was probably cheaper just to swap on a new used used panel so once again they came in clutch and I got this for $400 so sure enough they swapped it on and now we're good to go problem solved what else what else what else um I did end up buying this whole assembly in case it was the gyro in the back so I didn't end up needing it so I'll return that to them also Bas has a bunch of other parts that I'm really tempted to buy for this plane for instance they have a full interior that's in really good shape off one of their citations that would just plug and play bolt right in and it's like a modern you know kind of t leather so I'm tempted to go full-blown interior overhaul it would save us a ton of money right a normal interior upgrade would be like 50 Grand or more but they would probably sell me that interior for way less than that so we'll see we're probably going to buy some more parts from them but right out the gate they've already saved us like 6 7,000 bucks at least so if you own an airplane be sure to check out Bas see if they have any use parts that you could use you'll save a ton of money and they have guarantees and they have return policies so you know you're getting good quality parts real life there's no telling you're the right girl so I can only say that it feels right it feels right it I it feels right

  Top Comments:
  1. @JRAviation [52 likes]: Soooo were some of these items cheaper than you were thinking? I didn't even mention the tax benefits (massive accelerated depreciation write-off) one can get when using it for business. That can save tens of thousands... I probably missed some other things too. It's been really fun owning this jet. Do you want to see more jet videos?
  2. @Loveservedhot: I just realized this moment I need a private jet. Driving cars or flying in a regular standard plane is painful for my body and is very tiring. I might just be leveling up 🙏
  3. @globalinsanity2652: Your last video I watched said owning private jet was absurd...which is it?
Or am I watching your videos out of order?
  4. @gavinclaassen6440: No matter how much he likes to BS himself of " how economical" his jet is, its exhorbitantly expensive, even for Bankers, Mafia bosses, oligarchy and way out of reach of ordinary people .
  5. @Ciencia_con_Pablo: The Citation is my favorite airplane
  6. @zachg9065: I have walked the BAS sales yard and they have a lot of planes
  7. @StevenRombach: So the best thing you can do is to have a second pilot which if you are and owner you should learn to fly and get a license to fly and in time to fly your plane and have someone with you that can also fly the planes with you so if something happens they can help out
  8. @mikimikemike1: great video
  9. @lenb3661: I guess if you have security/personal protection concerns and/or your actual physical presence is that valuable from a time perspective, and you are loaded with "I don't need to ask how much" money private jets make some sense. But also, Part 91 operation, General Aviation, even upscale private jets, is nowhere near as safe as Part 135 Charter/Air Taxi, which is no where near as safe as Part 121 Scheduled Air Carriers. GA fatality rates per passenger mile are 100s of times that of commercial airlines.
  10. @Pokagon: I would love to see you buy a Beachcraft King AIr 350. That would be awesome.
  11. @MitchellKaplan: It’s all fun till you get the 300,00 bill
  12. @Simonyt-j7n: No it isn’t. Ni it isn’t at all. Fail. The only good thing about this video is that you didn’t play any rap.
  13. @fjhvex: What about the pilot salary?
  14. @wlbrobinson: Small Jets are the perfect blend of GA and Jets, almost as fast as commercial, can use most any airport which is just a huge time saver even my Piper would take a long 2 day trip down to a normal business day by landing a few minutes from my work. No security wait, etc..., The automotive companies used to fly big props and small jets like a bus route from plant to plant where you could hop on in the morning and catch the afternoon flight back to these small municipal airports.
  15. @QSuperstar888: Fuel obv inexpensive because of Trump election.
  16. @Giambis: There’s nothing affordable about owning a jet. Annuals for something like this is probably $15k or higher even when nothing is found wrong. GTFOH
  17. @jamesbarrick3403: BS flight hours on pistons are counted in $100 to $300 per hour.  Jets are counted $2000 to $10000 per hour.  STFU
  18. @Nocollegerequired: Great landing 👌 👍 👍
  19. @yamkaw346: Surely you have learned to fly this thing yourself by now
  20. @KlaudiaMagdon: Since when is the transfer of car ownership so expensive, first time I hear such bs

- The REAL PRICE of Owning a Jet: Kind: captions Language: en the real price of owning a jet hallo a Luxor's welcome back for a future billionaires like you it's a good idea to get a handle on some of your future expenses even if those expenses might seem outlandish to the average person but owning a jet isn't out of the reality of everyone so let's take a look at the real expense of owning one so you're prepared when you're in the market for your own jet welcome to a luxe calm the place where future billionaires come to get inspired if you're not subscribed yet you're missing out be sure to watch all the way to the end because we have some turbulent figures you might not be expecting let's get started number one private jets are not cheap however do we actually know how much they go for if you want it straight out of the box a model of the most popular ranges of private jets will cost you in the region of thirty eight to ninety million dollars these will be luxurious but not necessarily have any special custom bells and whistles or upgrades you would get from an already pimped out plane like cars airplanes are similar in that they lose a lot of value right off the showroom floor so if you opt for a pre-owned model you could bag one for somewhere between 14 million to 35 million dollars possibly even with some great extras already added onboard but like with any mode of transportation this is just where the expenses begin number two just like a car a plane needs a storage facility for when it's not in the air most people prefer to not leave their multi-million dollar purchase out in the rain or the Sun so you'll need to find a storage hangar the bigger and busier the airport the more the hangars will cost so a hangar at LAX in Los Angeles for example will chalk up a cost of one hundred and sixty thousand dollars annually a smaller airfield will cost you about eighty thousand dollars a year or you can avoid all of these costs and build your own fully functional to runway Airport like actor John Travolta and wife Kelly Presley did in their backyard of their home more on that in our next video the 10 most expensive private jets in the world number three every time you land you're charged a landing fee by the airport you land act the fee is based on the size and weight of the aircraft because it's to maintain the runways and the airport buildings however at some airports you get free landing if you're refueling there in the case it isn't waived for refueling you're in for a landing fee of between 100 and 500 dollars per touchdown when your jet isn't at home in its hangar it also encouraged charges for parking these are called ramp fees and are charged by the day they vary from airport to airport and of course the busier and bigger airports can charge an absolute premium for space so in some cases it might be more economical to land disembark and fly elsewhere to park at a smaller non-commercial airfield but then again you pay landing fees so your pilot will need to do the math the most expensive airport to land at in the world is Haneda Airport aka Tokyo International here the moment your tires hit the tarmac you'll be billed upwards of seven thousand dollars and that doesn't even include a free airport coffee that's another $10 number for refueling an aircraft is different to topping up your car you can't just put in $20 to get you to your next destination most countries have Federal Aviation Regulations that require plenty of fuel to not only get to your destination safely but allow you plenty of fuel in case you can't land where you're expecting to land and have to fly further in the USA that includes enough fuel to fly to your airport of intended landing and then enough to make it to your declared alternate field and then a further stash to fly another 45 minutes at normal cruising speed so definitely be sure to have plenty of breathing room on your credit card before pulling up to refuel your Gulfstream g650 er these thirsty gas guzzlers take a whopping 7,000 gallons to fill which will take you a distance of 7500 nautical miles of fly the more popular private jets hold a lot less but also don't get as far for example the phenom 300 holds 800 gallons and goes a distance of about 800 nautical miles jet fuel like motor fuel is priced differently at each gas station it varies from $3 to $8 per gallon so it's hard to be precise but if we take an average of 550 a gallon and plan a trip in a Cessna Citation X C 750 with a fuel tank of 7,200 liters or 1,900 gallons and you're flying from Havana to London that's a one-way trip of around 40 100 nautical miles however with the Cessnas tank size you'll have to stop to refuel at Gander International Airport in Newfoundland before you hit the Atlantic crossing after a refuel you're off across the ocean and the total trip will need around 4,000 gallons of fuel so your fuel bill will be around $22,000 number five now you need someone to fly your private jet and run it when you think of owning a private jet I doubt you're thinking of carrying your own luggage bringing a packed lunch and pouring your own drinks that means you'll need to employ quite a crew to make the mile-high life as lush as you imagined and airline crews don't come cheap it's a disruptive lifestyle and requires plenty of special safety training compared to your on ground hotel cleaning our hospitality servers pilots are also a commodity and this is not an area you want to rummage around in the bargain bin for the pilot and crew will have your lives in their hands so employ them wisely luckily you don't require two pilots by law in the same way commercial aircraft do now there are two more costs associated with a crew but a lot more on that later in the video for now we'll tell you an average private jet pilot earns a salary of one hundred and twenty thousand dollars a year and the average annual take-home of a private jet hostess is $60,000 a year number six each time you take off for land you're liable for airport taxes these are imposed by the government municipalities and the company responsible for running the airport then there are usually government imposed taxes calculated per passenger on board when you enter and exit a country you also pay permits taxes and many airports also charge a tourist tax here are some examples flying from Miami to Rio de Janeiro your trip taxes will be international head tax at 18 dollars per person onboard and domestic segment fees of 420 per person and that's not counting all the other taxes and rates we mentioned when you land number seven just like a car a plane needs parts upgraded repairs and regular services costs will vary from aircraft model to aircraft model but they range from $700,000 and climb to a staggering four million dollars just for servicing number eight de-icing a jet is integral and not an area you should skimp on a pilot shouldn't take off if they don't feel the aircraft is completely safe so de-icing can be a last-minute unforeseen expense thankfully most airports globally offer this service but it can cost a lot it's charged per gallon and also the cost will vary from airport to airport but let's say you plan a soiree in Martha's Vineyard which is on the lower end of the price list you best bring at least $200 for de-icing and around $30 if you need preheating done before takeoff in snowy cold regions number nine your jet will need to be insured not only are you going to need to ensure your aircraft against all accidental loss or damage you also need to cover your crew passengers and general public liability on the popular Cessna 172 you'll pay around $50,000 a year for all-around insurance insurance rates increase as the plane ages and flight hours go up but the larger the plane and the greater the payload the higher the premium will go number 10 upgrades and custom Asians are par for the course there is no end to the upgrades you might want to do to pimp out your private jet Donald Trump has customized gold-encrusted Trump branded wall art on his jet Prince Alwaleed bin Talal upgraded his 200 million dollar Airbus a380 to the tune of 300 million dollars adding Turkish baths a garage for two rolls-royce's a concert hall and prayer rooms so when it comes to the cost of all of this well to infinity and beyond number eleven accidents do happen we all know that sinking feeling of unforeseen expenses like a burst tire or a cracked winch and it never tends to happen when you're close to home and you know a great discounted supplier these types of damages are not always covered by insurance so you can expect to have to fork out cold hard cash for these repairs a jet tire replacement costs in the region of two thousand to three thousand dollars but this also varies wildly depending on which country you're in and the exact model windshields will set you back forty five thousand to seventy thousand dollars but again not a place to skimp on and compromise with quality a ping to the side of an aircraft is different from the side of a car when you're traveling at top speed and reliant on minor adjustments and air flow a dent could affect your smooth flight you might not be able to wait until you're home to repair your bodywork and keep in mind you might also need to accommodate yourself and your crew while your jet is being repaired and pay repairs in a foreign currency hopefully you'd be able to recoup the costs from insurance later on of course number twelve crew overnight fees can rack up the bills remember the added cost of crew board and lodging if you plan on staying over at your destination they need to be accommodated Plus earn a per diem on average of $75 per day for their out-of-pocket expenses overnight fees are over and above their usual day rate or salary and range in the region of one hundred and fifty dollars to six hundred dollars a night plus their accommodation ground transport and food costs are all out of your pocket number thirteen cleaning fees are also a part of your cost private jets can't be taken to a local drive-through car wash so factor in the cost of cleaning it inside and out between flights airports offer valet services or you can employ your own team to do the service for you number fourteen so what is the total real cost it's kind of hard to break it down into an exact figure as there are so many numerous models and makes as a most basic breakdown a private jet will cost you about four million dollars in annual costs like insurance maintenance upkeep and storage with an operating cost of about five hundred thousand dollars to 1 million dollars based on how much you fly of course these are just your annual you could splurge anything from 15 million to 600 million dollars on a private jet and then continue to upgrade it to your heart's content number 15 when is it actually time to buy a jet there are many mixed messages about when it makes financial sense to buy your own jet owning a private jet is far from the only way to fly private but it is the only way to know your flight is always waiting and ready for you to jet off those selling private jets will tell you if you're in the sky for around 200 hours a year it makes economic sense to own a jet but if you speak to aircraft brokers who offer fractional ownership basically think of a private jet timeshare then they will tell you that not until you average 500 hours in the air that it's worth buying outright however according to unbiased experts the sweetspot time is more around 240 hours spent airborne to make a private jet a reasonable investment and if these figures are starting to soar here's a bit of good news going bigger with a private jet isn't always better Robert Henry a private jet pilot explains in general smaller business jets can fly higher because they weigh less and have a better thrust to weight ratio the main benefits of flying higher include weather and turbulence avoidance and possibly more favorable winds so you can consider the most affordable private model the cirrus vision jet at 1.96 million and the sky's the limit from there now a Luxor's before we let you go were curious what would incentivize you to own a private jet we'd love to hear from you in the comments and of course for sticking with us until the end here's the bonus we owe you if you think you might be nearing the day you walk into a dealership and fly out with your own private jet it might interest you to know that you can work out the exact aircraft costs of owning any model on the market the internet is full of online aircraft cost calculators and that can even help you plan your trip budgets ahead of time and understand the costs associated with certain flight routes safe flying a Luxor's thank you for spending some time with us a Luxor's make sure to LIKE and subscribe so you never miss another video we also hand-picked these videos which we recommend you watch next you can talk to us on all social medias or ask the question on our website Alex calm thank you for being an a lexer and we'll see you back tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [63 likes]: Hello Aluxers!  What would incentivise you to own a private jet?

Mind Mastery: https://www.alux.com/mindmastery
Get a free audiobook thanks to Audible: https://www.alux.com/freebook
Thanks to our friends at Audible!
10 Most Expensive Private Jets In The World: http://y2u.be/x_EtF6NUEE0
  2. @luxeafriqluxeafriq287 [1 likes]: I want to know the name of the track for this video. It's so inspiring
  3. @cwardo9810 [1 likes]: I will own a private jet one day! And when I do, I will come back to this comment!
  4. @shawnwillis6496: Freedom
  5. @markgreat-s3f: I love private jet more than car
  6. @Mickey21Boyce: I want own and put it out for rental.
  7. @BIGDOWNEYTV: great content!!! omg it's extremely expensive to own a jet wow
  8. @BigOleWhatchamacallit: Love the show, but a Cessna 172 is NOT $50,000 per year to insure…😉
  9. @mohammadsalahuddinshafin1156: magi khali dor dehay
  10. @maneeshahooja: Informative. Thank you!
  11. @frenchbully: So theres no way Meet Kevin can afford that plane
  12. @abrabosea3917: Anything is possible!! Awesome video!!
  13. @DevonP85: I have 12.87 in my account.  I'm will on my way to billionaire status😇
  14. @larrybackhaus6808: My Wife is trouble with TSA Harasses her
  15. @lamarthomas181: Its Wayyyyy too Expenses to own A  Private Jet... It's more about Strategic Tax Planning then just purchasing based off of how many hours you fly a year...
  16. @theultimatejetguide: That’s an awesome video!!!! Thank you
  17. @kelvinkimani1853: Why now call me billionaire...haha... u never know tomorrow
  18. @j0fiz986: Or….fly 1st class
  19. @a-a-ron2336: 50k a year for insurance on a Cessna 172 🤣 the f**** plane isn't even worth that much 😂
  20. @classicraceruk1337: You forgot EN Route navigation charges.

- The reality of owning your own airplane: Kind: captions Language: en after five years of owning a cessna 182 here's my honest take on the really fun things and also the hard things about it the first thing i noticed and it's remained consistent throughout the last five years is the sense of adventure you have when you own an airplane and so this might sound obvious but but for a lot of people that don't yet fly they can probably think hey is that overrated is it an exaggeration that you can just kind of go wherever whenever and i can answer that for you it's not an exaggeration with very few restrictions you can go just about wherever you want and experience some really cool things so i've been able to experience the backcountry mountains of idaho which are just captivating i've seen really cool views of state and national parks here in texas out in west texas be able to explore the underrated parts of northwestern arkansas just the beauty that that part of the country holds and so many other things because of having an airplane so it's really not an exaggeration of what you're able to do even in a small airplane and so even though it doesn't go that fast it's a heck of a lot faster than driving and i like to say that hey my 182 will take you anywhere you want to go in the country pretty comfortably if you can just sit there long enough but i also quickly realized that along with all the adventure and newfound freedom that you get owning an airplane also comes all the unexpected scenarios the unexpected maintenance and and to a large degree i already expected these i mean um that stuff just happens but so it's one thing to expect it and it's another thing to actually experience it and think oh man i'm i'm nowhere near my hometown and this went wrong so i'm kind of stuck here until i can get this fixed those situations have happened i've never gotten real out of position but it's kind of just something you're always always dealing with and and stuff will come up so not not a deal breaker by any means but it's a very real thing that happens so if you're going to buy an airplane you have to just kind of expect to the unexpected which i don't really love that saying but but it's turned out to be very very true after flying it for about 50 to uh really even like 100 hours i was really surprised by how much my skills had grown in my competence in that particular airplane more so than i expected it's one thing to have a hundred hours in a certain type of airplane it's another thing to have a hundred hours in the exact same airplane because all the avionics are the same you get to go through different procedures and different types of flying but it's all in the same airplane all the switches are in the same place all the you know landing kind of feels the same and everything so i was able to progress a lot more in 100 hours of flying the same airplane than 100 hours of flying a bunch of other types of airplanes and things so that's one really really rewarding and fun part about owning your own airplane is that you can become really really good at it in a way that it's just harder to do when you're kind of renting different types of airplanes so once i had a few years under my belt i could look back and start to think about expenses because i didn't want to overreact in year one if expenses were higher on maintenance or you know whatever and so once i had kind of a few years worth of data to work with i can confirm that yes flying is expensive you're going to have you're going to more expensive years you're going to have less expensive years but it's all expensive i purposely haven't calculated the hourly cost but i uh i figure it's probably 150 to 200 or so for the 182 depending on how much i fly um but my outlook on expenses really comes down to three things one is that i'm never gonna skimp on maintenance of the ways to get hurt in aviation this is so so avoidable and so if i can't afford the maintenance on the airplane i'm not going to fly i'm not going to own the airplane that's a deal breaker for me the second thing is that i want to live within my means i want to spend less than i make and then the third kind of principle to live by financially i believe is to take the remaining the residual um time energy effort resources that you have and then and then allocate it in places uh that are that are important to you and so if flying can fit into all of those three things and remain consistent then i think for me flying has been a green light so yes some years are more expensive than others but as long as those principles can hold true for me then i try not to sweat it too much one of the most fun parts of flying for me might actually surprise you because as awesome as exploring the mountains of idaho or the different parts of the country can be really one of the most rewarding moments has been the unspectacular ones when you're flying across central texas which isn't much to look at but it allows you the chance to think and think deeply about how grateful i am to live in a time and a place of human history where this is even possible i try never to get bored in the cockpit because i'm so grateful to have that opportunity and to enjoy you know looking at the world thousands of feet above it going 150 miles an hour and it's just it's just awesome so oddly enough that's been one of the most fun parts of flying for me has been just a deep sense of gratitude that i've been able to develop in the unspectacular moments owning an airplane has also been a really practical tool for me my family lives hundreds of miles away so anytime i go visit them having the airplane is a really really useful part of that process but along with that one of the downsides comes stress so anytime you're counting on the airplane or counting on the weather to cooperate it can add stress anytime one of those things isn't quite cooperating and there's been times where i i fly down there the weather is great and it's time to come home the weather sucks and so you might have to get out of position because you might borrow a car or something and drive all the way home and then you got to reverse the process to get back into position first world problems i know but uh it's a useful tool until it isn't and then there's some stress involved with that but that's been more than worth it for me i think it's kind of part of the fun and one thing that is both fun and challenging has been the timing of expenses one huge shift that i've noticed from renting an airplane moving over to owning an airplane has been when you actually pay for flying when you rent you know you only pay when you're using it which has an upside because you can kind of control the expenses up and down but it has a downside because anytime you want to just go fly and watch the sunset you get a bill for how much that costs you just go watch that sunset and it's like oh that's kind of a harsh way to think about it but in owning the opposite is true because the the best days are the days where you already have a full tank gas you go fly for a few hours and you put the airplane up and you didn't spend a penny at least not not the way that it felt that day but then the opposite is true when the airplane might be at in in the shop for a while or weather sucks for a while but you're still paying for the hanger and you're still paying for all the other stuff and you're like well i spent a lot of money on that and didn't really get to use it as much so just the timing of expenses is a different dynamic it's got pros and cons sometimes you love it sometimes uh you kind of miss renting in that regard but that that's been something that's just taken some getting used to so while i've learned these things over five years of owning an airplane i have put together my thoughts of things that i've learned over 16 years of flying in general and you can get those over at airplaneacademy.com join i put together a five day free email series where i put together my five most impactful lessons that i've learned as an aviator over the last 16 years and i want to share those with you i hope that it'll serve you in your aviation journey so airplaneacademy.com join we'll get you signed up for free and i'd love to get to know you a little bit better through email and i look forward to seeing you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @AirplaneAcademy [1 likes]: Hey guys! I wanted to let you know I just launched an "Insiders" Newsletter where once a week I'm sharing an important lesson I've learned in aviation, links to my latest content so you don't miss out, and links to any other interesting or helpful content I've found. Subscribe (it's free) at: https://airplaneacademy.com/insiders
  2. @DWCessna4130 [1 likes]: The prices now from just two years ago have dramatically increased. To anyone curios the September 2023 prices for airplane ownership are radically different from these prices back in 2021.
  3. @saeidbadiedds [1 likes]: You seem like a genuinely nice guy and very informative. Thank you for your passion so that we can learn from you!
  4. @TonyArechiga: The more I look into flying the more you find countless videos of people justifying the cost of flying your own plane. 

Owning seems way more inconvenient and costly than just flying commercially. Unless flying is your literal life and source of income. Or if you are wealthy and have thousands of dollars to burn per month. Ha! 

Seems better off renting and just sort of flying around distances within 3-6 hours away.
  5. @LikaMig: The spiritual inspiration is priceless...
  6. @marimoedmond: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @EricaBeee: Got straight to it. Thank you!
  8. @Fjord_Driver: I have been interested in aviation for a long time. Do I own a plane? Nope. The true reality is, if I did, it would spend most of it's time sitting and collecting dust. Sure, I could take it to visit a few friends, but I'm not going to be popping by every other weekend from a multi state flight. Would it save me drive time? Yes. Would it save me money? Nope. I am not retired or rich. It's like guys who buy boats and then you see the boat spending most of its time in storage or under a tarp on the side of the house. Between insurance, hangar fees(if you can find one and afford it), time to actually go out and stay current flying, fuel costs, it is just a big no from a personal purchase standpoint for me. You are at the mercy of the weather whenever you take an extended trip. Need to be back in time to get to work? Hmmm. Mechanical breakdowns happen. The list goes on. It's a toy purchase and an expensive one at that.
You increase your expenses, your liability, your risk factors. If someone knocked on my door and asked if I wanted to do all three of those things by signing a paper, the door gets slammed shut. Oh and you have to shell out another $8,000+ for getting your pilots license. And then even more if you want your IFR rating. Welcome to the money pit. Don't forget the regular flight reviews, and inspections, repairs, upgrades, subscriptions, expensive headsets and on and on and on. Plane for sale. Ran like a top when I put it in storage years ago.
  9. @Cosme422: I would love to own one if I were rich like you but I was born poor :-)
  10. @davidholubetz1014: Nice video, good info.  Like the way you look and talk, puts me at ease.  Hoping to buy soon.
  11. @elijahmohammed6775: I'm in Austin Texas, and I hope one day to own an airplane! About how much doe it cost to store it?
  12. @RomeoLorenzo: Just discovered your channel.  Thanks for the Pro/Con comparison. ✈
  13. @robertwagner9933: I think this is a very very helpful channel for a new very new pilot Like myself
  14. @sampletaster5093: Like the vid. I would like to see a vid on what and how to see things once you reach your destination. Rental cars are not always available. What can you do after you land?
  15. @wckoek: For those who own your own plane, I wondered how many hours do guys fly per year?
Trying to justify the cost of renting vs owning.
  16. @wilurbean: How much income does someone need to own a plane? This is aspect is confusing because a lot of these videos say you need like 15 to 20k a year in cash. Do many people really has that much money to burn per se? In sure many ppl could allocate that much money, but to pay the mortgage, retirement, taxes, etc would seem to eat up all that money, even for someone making 120k or more
  17. @jimecee: Very informative, thank you!
  18. @Jay-go3il: Love this video very informative
  19. @stealhty1: Most important, availability of having the plane waiting for you when ever to where ever,,,I had two three other pilots beging me to let go my schedule just because they also want to  use the club plane on a beautiful weather weekend
  20. @willarddevoe5893: Planes and loans go together like Corvettes and booze.

- Flying on Private Jets with Jet Card Programs – BJT Explainer: Kind: captions Language: en so you'd like to get into flying privately and you've heard of something called a jet card you may be wondering exactly what that is basically these are programs where you pre purchase a set amount of travel hours with a flight provider and in return that company pledges to make private lift available to you when you need it to get more detail on jet cards we spoke with Doug Gan editor of private jetcard comparison.com an online platform specializing in jet cards the rules and the policies um you know they vary and when you when you're buying a Jet card you know all the brochures have the cute puppies and Dad or Mom at the kids soccer game but you're signing a contract that's 10 20 30 pages long and that's the rules of how you can use the money how you can fly and so you really need to know where you're going to fly how far in advance you want a book are you going to make changes before you're flying what type of amenities do you want do you need Wi-Fi not all the programs guarantee WiFi um also things like fully enclosed lab not all of uh the programs guarantee a fully enclosed lab and some companies need that because of a duty of care you know they can't have their people flying around in a a plane with an open potty also how many people are flying because that's going to to some degree determine what size aircraft you need and are you going to need to upgrade or downgrade the the size of aircraft not all of these programs have the same cost structure and the minimum deposits required to get started can vary substantially it's important to remember that you will be locking up a considerable amount of capital with a company so you should be aware of what they are using that money for while it's in their programs so to buy a jack card there are some cards where you can start with 10 10 hours or $50,000 deposits or there's even one option where it's a $25,000 deposit most of the card programs are starting at 100,000 or 200,000 or 25 hours and the cards that start at the lower amounts they may not necessarily fit what you need and so that sometimes is a determining Factor on whether you should buy a jet card can you find a card if you're not a frequent flyer that really meets your needs if you're only doing a or 10 hours a year and then of course the question is you know you're spending a lot of money what happens to that money and there's really three things that happen to your money when you give it to a private Aviation provider a jet cter membership uh some of them just use it is operating funds some providers have a segregated account and a segregated account means that they're just keeping the jet card or membership funds the deposits in a separate account but it doesn't mean that they can't tap into those funds if they want to and then the third is an escrow account uh and escrow accounts are more typical with Brokers uh because you're giving a broker a money they don't have the they don't have the airplanes at some point in the future when you called to book the flights they're going to have to go out to the operator and pay them for those flights the way you'll use the jet card hours will vary depending on the provider there are generally two methods companies use when deducting hours from your account one is estimated pricing and one is uh uh actual and so estimated before your trip uh they tell you that we estimate your flight from Toro to Palm Beach is going to be 2.7 hours and so they'll charge you 2.7 hours plus most of them charge 2/10 of an hour for taxi time and it's sort of like an Uber you know when you get in that you're going to pay that the place people get frustrated is if the flight takes less they feel like they were overcharged the flip side is other programs use actual flight time and so that's from wheels up to wheels down Plus usually the 12 minutes of Taxi time and so you may think that you're getting a better deal because you look at what the the the the flight time should be between Teterboro and South Florida but then you get into an ATC traffic pattern and you're holding or you have to Vector into the Midwest because of thunderstorms and all of a sudden that 2.5h hour flight took over 3 hours but again when they give you the estimated flight time they're already calculating that in so I always hear from subscribers who are upset either way because you know I had estimated flight time and it always seems that we're faster than the estimated flight time and then the people who have actual flight time you know that 45 minute hold is they're waiting to get into T they're like wow the money is just flowing out jet cards also take repositioning into account which may not be the case with a charter or a membership program and could provide a significant benefit to the customer well so one of the reasons people buy jet cords is guaranteed availability and fixed or capped hourly rates and so if you're just buying your flights on demand flight byf flight or even a membership where they're using Dynamic pricing which is based on the market each quote is going to be based on where you're going from and to and then they have to figure in the repositioning costs and so if you're going between you know New York and Miami chances are there's a plane close to you from the airport you're leaving so limited repositioning when you get up to New York you know there could be a customer getting on that same plane at that same airport two hours later if you're going from South Dakota to Oklahoma there's probably significant repositioning on each end the interesting thing is when you see jet card pricing most of it is one way and occupied hours only and so the rate they quote you in a jaet card the repositioning is already baked into that of course with any air travel even when you're flying privately you have to remember that cancellations can happen most often due to weather or mechanical issues jet cards will typically handle this differently than Charter companies will the whole idea of cancellations and what happens if the provider the operator cancels your flight is one of the reasons people use Jack cards because on demand Charter you know the morning of the night before you know your broker the operator calls you and says whatever the reason is we canceled your flight generally speaking it's going to be what they call a requote and that means yes you know we can get you out 2 hours later later that night the next morning but here's the new cost and if it's in a busy period that could be like 50% more and they give you the option either we'll give you your money back or you pay the requote so you know people are like wow okay I need to be there we rent to a villa right you know uh I I have to pay the higher rate whereas with many of the jet C programs they guarantee the recovery flight at the same cost as your initial pricing so yes you may be delayed 2 hours or you know maybe it's the next morning but you don't have to pay extra for that recovery every flight for some users working with a broker to book on demand Charter may be the best option it all depends on your individual needs however a jet card may offer more flexibility you know I think a good broker is like gold you know I have subscribers who come to me and they're looking you know should I join a jet card and if they tell me that they have a great broker the broker does a good job for them you know I always tell them listen you here are the options but if the broker is doing good for you you're happy with the pricing you're happy with the quality of the plane you know no no reason to move I do get people who uh run into the cancellation policies with on demand Charter so I had a subscriber um I think they lost about $50,000 booked a a trip to do a golf vacation uh the the wife Twisted her broke her ankle or did something that like you know she wasn't able to play golf and you know the gentleman called up a very reputable broker they tried to get you know some of his money back but they couldn't get it back and you know he was out like $50,000 and so you know again the that's what one of the reasons people use the jaet cards most of the cancellation policies it's 48 or 72 or 96 hours another way you may want to try out flying privately is through companies that offer per seat pricing if the schedules and routes match your acquirements you may be in luck but getting the Stars to align may be tricky when I started in the industry like back in the 80s I was covering the airlines you know as a reporter and you know I remember interviewing Bob Crandle the legendary Bob kandle CEO of American Airlines and he talked about frequency frequency frequency because they were competing against airlines that offered like four more inches of leg room and he said we'll just run them out of business because we'll we'll go onto that route they offer two flights a day we'll offer eight flights a day and the business traveler is going to sacrifice that extra comfort you know to get home 2 hours earlier and so you know so far the by the seat uh airlines are really focused on you know people with flexible schedules I I used jsx uh for a trip to Dallas the schedule worked going out I ended up flying American back because I would have had to stay over to the next morning to fly jsx flying privately is certainly more expensive than using an airline but for some the flexibility is definitely worth the cost you can fly New York to Miami In First Class for $300 to $600 each way on the airlines you know if you're going to Charter a light jet you're talking about somewhere between 15 and $220,000 you can fit six people in a light jet but usually it's one or two or three people going so private Aviation is still expensive but you know it's also the convenience um if you live in Jupiter Florida and you're coming from Greenwich Connecticut you know you can go over to Westchester County Airport 15 minutes from your house and you can fly non-stop to Jupiter right you have some of the time savings and you know if you're going down for the weekend instead of having to leave earlier and miss you know dinner you get dinner Friday night or you go at lunchtime and you're even able to get around to golfing so you know for the people who can afford to fly privately it's time is money and you private jets are a time machine if you find that you start using a jet car often it may make Financial sense to then take a look at fractional ownership where you can buy an actual piece a share of a particular aircraft this Arrangement may have certain tax and bonus depreciation advantages we put a few article links in the description below to take you to BJT online.com where you can learn more about this topic and everything else you need to know when it comes to Flying privately [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @craigallen5092 [8 likes]: There is no comparison commercial to private   Even first class you still deal with the same delays as coach. Same airport security nightmares    no comparison at all.  Private is the way
  2. @amorosogombe9650 [7 likes]: I think it's time we stopped making private aviation about economy. No one buys caviar to fend off starvation or a yatch to deal with homelessness. It's about being so wealthy, you can afford the luxury. There are exceptions. If I'm a wealthy industrialist mogul and I set up huge chemical plants around the world, each of which brings me a delta of ten million dollars a year, then yeah, private jet travel is totally worth it. I could be flying into obscure places to set up a huge plant that rakes in more money than it costs to fly the jet each, for the whole year. Totally worth it.
  3. @brendacunningham5070 [4 likes]: Thank You For This Information 💚💚💚💚🦅🦅🦅🦅
  4. @LMays-cu2hp [3 likes]: Thank you for sharing great information about the corporaye business jet industry.😊
  5. @theracer6882 [3 likes]: Its time people get pilot license and fly GA aircrafts.
  6. @Amadi_Abara [3 likes]: Great value information.
Thank You!!
  7. @JayMannz [2 likes]: What about Jettly?

Their site and programs seem simple.
  8. @augggie [1 likes]: What plane has an open potty?
  9. @AUSTINTRUST-py9du: Very informative. Thank you
  10. @elsang1586: Memberships no need to require because you use the Memberships but not to pay that's the biggest problems for the business.
  11. @elsang1586: Maje sure no free lunch fir those favours or saying they're the richest and actors with actress whatsoever.   Those caused the airplanes builder's and providers bankrupt, we must be require payments begore they knows all the sef use the private jets rules abd added up to theurs tge damaged pre-pay payments ahead.

- The Economics of Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en This video was made possible by Curiosity Stream. Watch over 2,400 documentaries for free for a month at CuriosityStream.com/Wendover. Private jets represent an inconceivable level of opulence. If the average American were to spend their entire year’s salary to charter a Gulfstream G550 from New York, they would just barely make it to Utah, and yet, there’s a class of people who use these planes to fly not just from New York to Utah, but rather routes like New York to Beijing. There’s a class of people who will spend tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars on just one single flight. Now, there are a few reasons this is strange beyond just the sheer price of things. Chartering that Gulfstream from London to Dubai, for example, you’d end up paying about $55,000 at rack rate. Meanwhile, if you were to fly Emirates First Class, which is just, if not more opulent, you could fly between the cities twenty times for the same price. What’s even stranger about this kind of expense is that businesses, which are intended to maximize profits for their shareholders, are able to justify this enormous expense as worthwhile. So, when is it that paying $8,000 or more an hour to fly makes money? There’s a pretty simple way of figuring this out. Out of the 8,760 hours in a year, the average CEO works 2,716 of them. For a CEO that’s paid $1 million a year, that makes an hour of their time worth $368. Among America’s largest companies, though, the average CEO earns $15.6 million. That makes their hour worth $5,750. For the most part, though, private jets fly about the same speed as commercial planes so when flying a route like London to Dubai, the time savings come at the airports on each end. It comes from being able to arrive, get on a plane, and fly—rather than having to navigate one’s way through a busy terminal for a fixed flight time. But still, flying private versus commercial from London to Dubai would save, at most, about three hours in airport time. With the cost of $55,000 for the flight, that would mean the CEO’s time would have to be worth $18,300 per hour. That wouldn’t be true until they earned $50 million a year—a salary earned only by the upper echelon of CEO’s. But the truth is that, for the most part, private jets do not make economic sense when flying routes with plenty of commercial service like London to Dubai. One of the larger corporate jet fleets out there belongs to Walmart. Now, this might come as a surprise considering that this is a company so focused on keeping costs low. You see, Walmart is headquartered in Bentonville, AR—a relatively small city of 50,000. Their airport does have a surprising amount of service for such a small city with flights all the way to Los Angeles and New York, largely propped up the company’s traffic, but for the higher ups, commercial doesn’t cut it. That’s why the company has a fleet of 20 corporate jets—the largest of any American company. These are most frequently flown by the company’s Regional Vice Presidents who are in charge of a specific area of the country and will have to make frequent store visits within this region. The company apparently has a goal that nobody spends a night away from Bentonville—they want as many trips as possible to be day trips. Now, let’s say that one of these executive vice presidents needs to take a trip to three stores—one in Rock Springs, Wyoming; one in Spokane, Washington; and the last in Great Falls, Montana. Getting to Rock Springs requires a seven hour itinerary through Denver that would get this executive in at 9:30 pm therefore already requiring an overnight stop. Then, the next day, they would do their store visit in the morning and, as there are only two flights a day from Rock Springs, they would have to wait until 4:50 pm to catch a flight back to Denver then another one to Spokane, getting in at 8:30 pm local time, therefore requiring another overnight stop. The next morning they would do their site visit, but once again, flight schedules dictate that the first itinerary to Great Falls would leave at 5:05 pm through Salt Lake City, getting in at 10:04 pm local time, thereby requiring another overnight stop. Following the next morning’s store visit, this executive would catch a noon flight to Denver and, after a three hour layover, another to finally get into Bentonville at 8pm. These three store visits would therefore take up four whole working days, but what if this executive flew private? Leaving at 9am, the first flight direct to Rock Springs would take an hour and 45 minutes getting in, with the hour’s time change, at 9:45 am local time. After a two hour store visit, the plane would take off again at 11:45 am, flying an hour and 15 minutes to Spokane, getting in at noon local time. After another two hour store visit, the plane would take off at 2 pm for a quick 45 minute flight to Great Falls, getting in at 3:45 pm local time. After a final two hours at this store, the plane would take off its final time at 5:45 pm bound for Bentonville. 2 hours and 15 minutes of flight time later, it would land at 9 pm local time, exactly 12 hours after leaving. What was a four day trip on commercial flights becomes a day trip on private, and that’s why Walmart decided private jets are worth it for them. It’s all about valuing the time of their employees and they’ve determined that, even for the relatively low level vice presidents, their time is valuable enough that it’s worth flying them private. For example, one of the aircraft Walmart owns and operates is the Learjet 45. It costs the company about $4 per mile to operate this aircraft including crew, fuel, insurance, maintenance, and all other variable costs. Therefore, the 2,900 miles flown on that day-trip to the north-east would cost them about $11,600. Saving three days, that places a value of $3,900 per day which means that, assuming the executive onboard works every single one of the 260 workdays per year, they would have to make almost exactly $1 million per year for this private jet ride to be worth it to Walmart—an amount within the realm of possibility for upper management at such a large company. Of course, that’s not factoring in the alternative option’s hotel, food, and airline transport costs which would likely sum in the thousands and it’s also assuming there’s just one passenger. If the plane were to be filled to its maximum capacity of nine, each passenger would only need to be paid $111,000 per year for the expense to be worth it to the company which is less than an average Walmart store manager makes. Now, there’s one other case where private jets can make economic sense over flying commercial. Let’s say Walmart was looking to expand into the Philippines. Flying business class, it would cost a minimum of $5,000 roundtrip per person, require three stops, and take over 26 hours to get from Bentonville to Manila. Flying private, though, a long range jet like the Bombardier Global 7500 could make it there non-stop, in just 15 hours, carrying 19 of the company’s top executives. Since the company does not own this type of jet, it would likely charter one at a cost of about $10,000 an hour, or $150,000 for the trip. While the cost of commercial airfare is less than this, assuming the CEO, who makes $24 million a year, is onboard, the value of the eleven hours of his time saved is worth $97,000—clearly tilting the math in favor of the private jet. The general phenomenon of globalization has been great for the private jet market as businesses need to travel to far off places like this. Especially as companies outsource manufacturing and other operations into developing countries, which don't necessary have much air service, many companies have determined that private jets are the best way to get where they need to go. But despite this, the private aviation industry was hit hard but the global financial crisis and still has not fully recovered. While part of it was genuine cost cutting, businesses also wanted to show that they were doubling down on luxuries by getting rid of their jets, even if they could make economic sense in some cases. It was all about optics and nowadays, these jets are coming with poorer and poorer optics, for good reason. Private jets are truly horrendous for the environment. If one were to fly that Bombardier Global 7500, the one that could make it from Bentonville to Manila, with just one passenger onboard, the jet would make it only to South Dakota before that passenger’s carbon footprint exceeded that of the average person in one year. Increasingly, these jets are even being used for purposes that cannot be justified economically. Since 2013, there has been about a 10% increase among Fortune 100 executives of using their company’s corporate jets for personal, leisure purposes. They apparently justify this by saying that, in case of a work emergency, they might need to get back to the office quickly and commercial air travel could hinder that. Firms that include this as a perk for their executives, according to one set of research, under-perform against the market average in terms of shareholder returns by about 4% each Of course, the real reason some companies might have private jets is not because it makes economic sense, because it quite often doesn’t. It’s because the people who decide whether the firm will use these are the very people that will use them. In many instances, the explanation is not economic, it’s societal. Now, many Wendover Productions viewers are also probably the type of person who watches a lot of documentaries. If that’s you or if you’d like that to be you, you should absolutely be subscribed to CuriosityStream. That’s because they have a library of over 2,400 documentaries and non-fiction titles that you can watch whenever, wherever. It’s available on the web, Apple TV, Roku, Android, iOS, and plenty of other platforms. One series they have that I would highly recommend is Innovation Nation with Mo Rocca who looks at new inventions in each episode and explains the stories behind them. This, and the entire rest of CuriosityStream’s library can be accessed for just $2.99 per month but, if you sign up at CuriosityStream.com/Wendover and use the code, “wendover,” you will get your first month completely for free.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wendoverproductions [1400 likes]: If you missed all the different announcements, I started a new podcast called Extremities about a month ago. It's all about how and why the world's most isolated human settlements exist, with the first season being on Pitcairn--the 50 person British territory in the South Pacific. 
You can listen to the podcast here: http://ExtremitiesPodcast.com
  2. @theshadowking3198 [2 likes]: Whoa 
Where’s the voice
  3. @cdvideodump [1 likes]: Linus Tech Tips be like:
  4. @sethcolby3: walmart makes it worth it by sending all of the necessary C-suite executives together as much as possible. so it’s not just the CEO, bur also the CFO, COO, vice-presidents or various divisions, etc. that you’re saving airfare & time on. idk if that’s how other companies do it, but my ex’s mom was the head of HR at walmart whej they lived in Rogers, AR and that’s how it worked for them. they had a fleet of gulfstreams and challengers and i think learjets theyd send everybody in depending on how many ppl were goinv & how far they were flying

EDIT i should have waited 44 seconds to realize thsts also the example you used lmao oops
  5. @HandFromCoffin: TLDR the C-Suite pay is perverse and you little people fly airlines..
  6. @saulgoodman2018: Does Walmart have to visit every store?
And get are salaried. So hourly does not matter.
  7. @darksideofluxury: what about empty legs?
  8. @theophrastus3.056: A good analysis for the most part. However the initial calculations (later corrected) are for a single CEO making solo trips. In reality, he’s usually accompanied by several other execs, also making top dollar. 
       The value of a corporate jet doing in one day what would take several days on the airlines is spot on. However, the flight time on the private aircraft is also work time. There’s no privacy or a cabin setup that makes this possible on the airlines. 
      Also, there’s security: Imagine an airline hijacker getting ahold of a Walton, Musk or Gates as a hostage!
     Finally, there’s fractional ownership, as with Warren Buffet’s NetJets and their nearly 1000-plane fleet. The fixed cost are divided between many owners. And trips can be done on a jet appropriate to the mission: light, mid-size or intercontinental range. And with even greater anonymity.
  9. @JustinAdamsMD: I’m so very glad that we have a new administration that is saying FU to this whole carbon footprint BS! Especially since husband and I are putting shamefully large amounts of money into our prepaid air miles private charter flight card. Makes it much much quicker for between Lexington, KY and Harry Reid international airport to our vacation home in McDonald Highlands Henderson, Nevada.
  10. @disgraced-empire: This video misses a key reason for flying private, it’s not just about savings the airport hours. It’s about having the flight be at whatever time you want, therefore allowing the executives to have any amount of meetings or sales calls that they want without conforming to a commercial air schedule. That is by far the biggest reason corporations choose private flights
  11. @jeremyleonbarlow: The economics are complex. I mean if you are living in Los Angeles and you have 6 or 7 buddies and you all want to fly to Vegas for the weekend, you can rent a light jet to fly you all collectively to Vegas and back for about the same cost as a commercial round trip ticket, give or take a couple of hundred dollars each per ticket. I mean the complexity of commercial ticket pricing gives a lot of wiggle room, but a realistic rental price for 8 friends flying LA to Vegas round trip on a light jet is between $500 and $600 each.

Renting a long range heavy jet or super mid-size private jet for a lengthy trip between cities for a business isn't just about the time savings for a single person in management typically. I mean a 15 or 20 seat private business jet probably has at a minimum ten people flying on it, so you need to factor in the price differential between X number of tickets and the costs of chartering or using a company owned jet, and what is more given fixed costs of an aircraft, even with high up front costs, owning a jet might be more economical still. This is because there are ways to improve the value of an owned aircraft which allows you to factor more than just the value of those folks' time savings at aurports. You must add to that calculus the fact that many businesses and individuals also subsidize company or personal travel on a private jet by triple net leasing their owned jet to a charter service with a deal that allows them 10 or more hours per month of usage at cost. This type of leasing arrangement is often through a service that allows them to use a network of jets in the charter service's fleet. This helps obscure travel by the company, protecting proprietary information in many instances better than traditional private ownership. I mean Taylor Swift and Elon Musk's tail numbers were being tracked as I recall and Sergei Brin and Larry Page decided chartering was more economical for this exact reason. Competitors knowing your next move by tracking where you flew is not a good thing, but owning and using a networked leaseback arrangement can be more economical in addition to obscuring your travel.

These leasing arrangements maximize cash flow on the jet as an asset to both the charter operator and the lessor by allowing the jets to keep moving and avoid a fixed base of operation. This maximizes charter revenue. This reduces the costs further for the owner of the jet by spreading fixed costs over more hours of usage and offloading those costs onto chartered guests. I mean with amortization and depreciation, a company which might have spent $7.5 million flying private over the course of five years, after the savings associated with the right charter leaseback arrangement, could have in fact spent just $360k for the same 600 hours of flight time. At what becomes $600 per hour for the flight time in such an arrangement, owning a private company jet makes a whole lot more sense.

Now it isn't always going to allow the company or individual to reduce costs that much, as some unexpected maintenance items might raise costs. I mean one cracked windshield could costs tens of thousands of dollars to replace, not to mention lost revenue from the loss of flight time while waiting for the repair, but it limits downside of ownership, and can still make flying private far more economical than traditional chartering. Of course chartering still might be cost effective for businesses or individuals who fly less frequently because of the value of time savings alone. This is why high usage owners can subsidize their travel costs.
  12. @abrahamg9720: Good break down but only talked about CEO salaries to airplane running cost , although that math is important I think what’s more important and probably the most value is how much did that ceo do in that 1 day vs 3 days that can possibly helps the company revenue / profit and how many more times is he doing those trips/meetings/ expand business, a year and see how much the company grows in a shorter time ideally vs taking commercial .
  13. @jacobabbott1949: I know likely no one will read this but if anyone is still interested after all these years.

I work at an Airport in the Chicagoland area, not KORD or KMDW. Specifically I work at the FBO on the airport and during the weekdays our mornings are filled with companies flying in executives. We have several dedicated companies that fly scheduled flights into our airport. Furthermore Netjets, Flexjets, and Vista-jets are some of our most common customers flying chartered flights in for everyone from families going golfing to executives of smaller companies. Many of the people or corporations that fly these planes are actually shareholders or have partial ownership of the aircraft. 

The industry itself is very convoluted with ownership of aircraft and who employes the crews but it's usually either a corporation, or the jets are treated almost similar to a timeshare.
  14. @MsNathelia: 7:01 Time = Money
  15. @andresegovia101: Don’t care about “carbon footprints”.
  16. @Zaphod23: I don’t follow the logic. I would never make this calculation if I was a company. You need to make sure people are ready to work. And not all messed up from traveling which needs a day to recover. Who is making this type of calculation
  17. @calebmcgowan2493: Clergy use is on the rise as well.  Many clergy would work in a factory if it was not for the God hustle.
  18. @kurtnelle: I recently learned that there is another reason for private jets. Cabin Altitude. Private jets dont cause jet lag. This means that not only do thr execs arrive sooner but they are still mentally able to make decisions when they arrive.
  19. @mananlalaji5266: What about economics of running a private jet business??
  20. @nothingtoseehere93: This video is blowing up recently much like all the private jets

- Nik Tarascio | The Private Plane Tax Loophole | The Economics of Private Plane: Kind: captions Language: en Justin Donald: I used to think&nbsp; when I was younger, I was like,&nbsp;&nbsp; man, how do you afford a&nbsp; multimillion-dollar plane,&nbsp;&nbsp; like your own plane? Like this was&nbsp; mind-boggling to me. And I used to think,&nbsp;&nbsp; you had to have all this money, all this cash.&nbsp; You’re putting $15 million down to buy this plane. But the reality is, most people don’t do it that&nbsp; way, most people finance it over a period of time.&nbsp;&nbsp; There’s a down payment. In addition to it, there&nbsp; are massive tax write-offs. So, just like you have&nbsp;&nbsp; a vehicle that is £6,000 or more and you can take&nbsp; that accelerated depreciation right away day one,&nbsp;&nbsp; regardless if you’ve paid it off or not, a&nbsp; plane is the same in that respect. And so,&nbsp;&nbsp; often, a lot of people, well, let’s say someone&nbsp; has a big exit, they sell their company and they&nbsp;&nbsp; have this huge tax liability, well, one of the&nbsp; easiest ways to reduce that liability or offset&nbsp;&nbsp; the taxes that they’ll owe is to buy something&nbsp; like a jet that has a high cost where they put&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit down, but they can accelerate&nbsp; that depreciation into one year, right? Nik Tarascio: Yeah. I mean, the amount of people&nbsp; that I’ve told that to and I have to say it four&nbsp;&nbsp; times before they get it, they’re like, it doesn’t&nbsp; make sense. Why can you buy an airplane and put&nbsp;&nbsp; 20% down and then depreciate the whole thing in&nbsp; year one? My answer is usually, who do you think&nbsp;&nbsp; writes tax law? It’s people that own private jets,&nbsp; right? It’s generally going to be driven by that.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, yes, it’s one of the most incredible&nbsp; tax strategies from a lifestyle component.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericmcgrew8952 [3 likes]: You neglect to mention the requirement that the plane must be for business use, not private, personal use.
  2. @jt9947 [1 likes]: Why does nobody ever talk about the depreciation recapture when they sell the plane?  You will pay the piper later.
  3. @denno2002 [1 likes]: I still dont get it
  4. @seriouslystewarts3537 [1 likes]: I’m a year late but great info guys 💯
  5. @karlt1980: How does this offset a business sale? Proceeds from a business sale are taxed as capital gains. The is no 1031 type or “like kind”  option. When you sell your business it creates an immediate taxable event. You have limited options most of which are just deferrals. Ie: deferred sales trust, opportunity zones, etc. Please elaborate or even better provide a source or link for this information. If it exists, I would love to know.
  6. @precisionc3656: Unless you still have a business and you will use the jet 50% or more business this is a great way to get into a really bad situation with the IRS.
  7. @markcpacfp: Nobody mentions recapture
  8. @willberger96: Its a great tool, but what is missing from this conversation, is if you sell the plane in year 2.  Whatever you sell it at will be taxed at ordinary income instead of capital gains.  I believe part of the recapture tax.

Maybe Nik can expand on this.
  9. @BeachBum51050: Bonus depreciation is 40% (2025)
  10. @dewholdingsllc1050: You should update your info on TCJA of 2017. Bonus depreciation is 60% in 2024 not 100% for eligible vehicles , equipment or aircraft placed into service in 2024.   Otherwise it follows usual depreciation methods for business purpose vehicles, equipment or aircraft.  Also IRC section 1031 exchange of aircraft was eliminated by TCJA of 2017.  
Explain depreciation recapture if asset sold.

- How are Jet-engines attached to the wings?!: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody very welcome to mentor and yet not a video podcast as always I hope you're doing absolutely fantastic today on the video we're gonna be talking about jet engines specifically how they are fitted onto the wings and why those fittings are actually not as strong as the rest of the structure we're also going to be answering a viewer question about why we don't have the engines incorporated into the wings anymore so stay tuned this video is brought to you in cooperation with brilliant now if you are like me you've been spending the last few weeks trying desperately to come up with good ideas on how to improve yourself with all this extra time that you have in that case I highly recommend you to check out brilliant they have more than 60 different courses in areas like for example problem solving like brain puzzles and mathematical fundamentals and physics and how to you can build your own algorithm the way that they do this is they enter you in on a fairly easy level and then they give you tools for each step to get more and more advanced until you sit there and you solve problems that you never thought you were able to do now those of you are interested in checking this out you can use this link here below which is brilliant dot org slash mentor pilot and that will give you 20% of the annual fee of brilliant but remember you have to be quick it's only the first 1000 people that use this link that will get the discount so check it out [Music] all right my friends so engines how they are fitted to the aircraft why they look like they do why they're fitted where they are I could spend hours talking to you about technical bits of this and in fact I have already made a video about the placement of the engine so if you're interested in that I'm gonna link to it up here you can check out that video after this but the first thing I want to talk about is a question that I got in from one of my patreon so actually and he was wondering why did we stop to incorporate the engines into the wings looks really cool when you do doesn't it now there are several good reasons why this happened and I'm guessing that you guys can probably think of a few but the main ones were if you look back at the first ever kind of purposely built jet passenger aircraft which was the de Havilland comet it had the jet engines incorporated into the wings and it looked really really sleek but the problem what the problems are many so for example if you want the engines to be inside of the wing you need to create a box for those engines to be inside which has to be really really strong and it also has to be giving a little bit of margin so that if you have an engine fire for example it won't be that dangerous to dress of the wing structure that's complicated also if you are going to build that box inside of the of the wing it means that that part of the wing cannot be used for fuel and if you think about it largest amount of fuel that we have on jet aircraft is going to be in kind of the center of the wing close to the body where the wing is thickest so effectively by putting the engines inside there instead you will be reducing the overall range of the aircraft now on top of that you have things like for example accessing the engine for maintenance would be a pain and also as you've seen lately the bigger you build the engines the more efficient they become the more by poverty or they get and that's not really a problem if you're using an engine that is more or less pure turbojet engine but if you want the turbofan engine you can't have it inside of so that's the reason for that but I'm really glad that you guys are sending these questions in now what I want to focus on on this video is how the jet engines are actually held onto the pylons and why that connection is not as strong as the rest of the aircraft structure when I'm finished with this video towards the end we're going to be looking at two different case studies where failure to this system in one way or another led to an accident and why that happened but first of all the engines jet engines the public jet engines as we call them now which are hanging under the wings they are connected to the wing with something called a pylon pylon is a very strong structure it is bolted onto the forward wing spar normally and to watch the back of the wing and that part of the of the engine assembly is very very strong okay the reason that you need the pylon in the first place is because you don't want the actual engine to be so close to the wing for the same reasons that we talked about when it came to having the engines inside of the wing you need to have a bit of distance between the engine and the wing in case there will be an uncontained engine failure or an engine fire to protect the wing structure and the fuel inside right so you want to build a little bit of a distance in between also the fact that the engines are hanging down and a little bit forward is good from a structural point of view for the wings not they're out there hanging means that it stops the wing from bending too much and also the fact that it's a little bit in front of the wing stops some of the torque of the wings from happening so there are structural reasons for this when the engines are done connected to the the pylons it is connected at least on the 737 in two different fittings they're called hanger fittings and you have one that is bolted on to the fan casing of the engine and the second one that is bolted on to the turbine section of the the engine and in between those two fittings you have something called a trust link and that trust link is there in order to to transfer some of the trust for from the forward fitting that normally takes up most of that force onto the back fitting so it equals out the forces so what forces are we talking about this might be interesting all right there are two main forces but basically three that these fittings have to take up you have the trust which is the by far the biggest force that's the thrust of the engine is actually you know producing when we put maximum take of trust on and that's 177 about a hundred kilo Newtons right so you have to have a fitting that takes that up and then you have the weight okay the weight of a 737 engine is about two tons so 2,000 kilos that means 20 kilo Newtons but of course that's not all of the weight that you have to take into account you also have to imagine that at some point the pilots might be doing our hard landing for example so there is a little bit of G loading onto that let's say that you get about 3 G's or worst case scenario 5 G's okay if you get a 5 g landing and you have 20 kilonewtons of weight means another 100 kilo Newtons so that's a hundred kilo Newtons forward and maybe a hundred kilo Newtons down and then you have a little bit of torque on the the engine as well for different reasons because of movements of the engines because the movements of the fan things like that which is smaller than those two forces so what kind of forces can these fittings actually take them now I've already told you that it's less than the overall structure of the aircraft but the fittings are held in place by four bolts in the forward fitting and four bolts in the back so eight bolts in total and in the forward hangar fitting you have two shear pins those are basically pins that are sitting in hold that takes up some of the the trust force and you have one shear pin at the back all right that's because most of the thrust force is sitting on the forward fitting and some of it because of the trustlink is on the back fitting as well alright so these the things that are holding the engines in place now these bolts are made of special nickel alloy called England seven one eight it's a super strong alloy and this alloy has a tensile strength about hundred and eighty Newton's per square millimeter right there about twenty two millimeters thick which means that one bolt will take about 70 kilo Newton right so 70 kilo Newtons per bolt they're eight bolts that's 560 kilo Newtons and as we already talked about the the forces that the engine will normally encounter is a maximum of about 100 kilonewtons forward and 100 kilo Newtons down so the 560 gives a big margin of you know forces to behave that this engine can be able to encounter before it becomes a structural problem however 560 kilo Newtons is not that much if you look at the overall strength of the aircraft for example the amount of strength that the wings can take or some part of the body can take and there's a really really good reason for that if you think about it when we come in and land let's say that we would come in and we would have some kind of problems with our landing gear so we can't extend the landing gear or we would have an unsafe landing gear so it could potentially collapse once we got down on the ground or if something would be wrong with our calculations and we would overrun the runway well what would happen then is that it's likely that what would hit the ground first is going to be the end in the cells when the end in the cells hits the ground there's going to be much more force than 560 kilo Newtons acting on those bolts and that will fear the engines off they will fall off the wings as it impacts now it is much much better that the engine shears off then if they would be so strong that they would actually tear the wing of because if the wing would be torn off then you would have a huge fuel e coming up and even both wings are torn off in the case of for example a faulty landing gear well then you have not things stabilizing the aircraft in the right orientation and you might get the aircraft body to start the roll which could cause a lot of human damage all right so this is why you have this system it's very very closely calculated to make sure that it can take any force that the aircraft might ever you know be subjected to you know heavy turbulence severe turbulence hard landings anything like that but if it comes in contact with the ground then it will share the engines of in order to save the overall structure of the aircraft ingenious isn't it now I promise as well that we were going to talk about some case studies where the systems of pylons and bolts didn't work as expected and the most famous example of that is probably American Airlines flight 191 that took off out of Chicago O'Hare Airport in May of 1979 so what happened on that occasion was that the aircraft took off and during the later part of the take-off roll the left hand engine just completely detached from the aircraft it swung over the wing on the left hand side and while doing so it also ruptured some of the hydraulic lines as it you know roll off the wing the subsequent problem that the pilots faced was obviously did the last the lack of trust from that engine that gives a yaw moment but also because the engine had ruptured those hydraulic lines the hydraulic pressure that held the leading-edge devices on the left-hand wing out disappeared that meant that the leading edge devices retracted which meant less lift from that wing the wing actually stalled and when you have one wing stalled and not the other you will end up in an uncontrolled roll to watch the stalling wing which was what happened the aircraft crashed into a trailer park not far from the airport and 273 people died which made it one of the worst air accident ever on American soil now in subsequent investigations after that it was found that the pylon had been damaged the engine pylon had been part of an engine change that was done several weeks I think eight weeks before the accident and a procedure that that was used was found not to be according to manufacturer instructions so the engine pylon had impacted its fitting which I bent it slightly and when the engine was done refitted this wasn't recognized which led to for each takeoff and landing after this this engine change metal fatigue started building and on this this flight the metal fatigue became too much which basically shared the the engine off and cost the the engine loss now on top of that this was compounded by the construction of the dc-10 and the fact that it didn't have hydraulic fuse that could keep the leading-edge devices out in case of a loss of hydraulic pressure so there were several findings as it always is in these kind of investigations but basically it put a lot more focus on the maintenance procedure surrounding engine changes and specifically the metal fatigue part of the the pylons and the engine fitting now the second one woopsy has parted to do with with metal fatigue it was El Al flight 1862 which took off out of Amsterdam and its Boeing 747 that shortly after takeoff had a very similar thing happening where one of its end engines I think detached from the wing flew of the wing and the pilots lost control of the aircraft and it crashed into an apartment building several killing some people on the ground and the the crew members on board it was a cargo flight and on the subsequent investigation there metal fatigue - one of the shear pins on that engine was found to be the likely course of the engine actually letting also what all this all has led to is is more thorough kind of maintenance procedures and verifications of the components included in holding the engines in place so for each one of these horrible accidents there's always been a positive point coming out of the fact that we learn the industry takes huge pride in doing a thorough investigation into any incident or accident and from whatever is found to cause that accident we can learn and make sure that that doesn't happen in the future and this is what we do as an industry we always pride ourselves in trying to work to improve flight safety overall now if you have more questions about technical things why does not look like that why does it sound like that you want me to explain it then write it in below you know give the thumbs up to the video give a suggestion of what I should be doing a video about in the comments below and make sure that you have subscribed to the channel and that you've highlighted the notification well now I do quite frequent extra videos now when things have happened in the industry that needs an explanation and if you haven't highlighted the you know the notification bell then you might not get notified when I do these videos so subscribe highlight the Bell have an absolutely fantastic day and remember to check out brilliant as well if you want to improve on your math and your physics skills in a fun and interactive way brilliant is the way to go take care of yourself bye bye right guys I really hope that you like that if you want more content like that more aviation content but then check this out I hope that you have subscribed to the channel and that you've highlighted little notification valve see you inside of the mentor radiation app and have an absolutely fantastic day bye-bye you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOG-DT [1 likes]: Why didn’t the engines shear off upon when Jeju Air 2216 belly landed? 10:24
  2. @hermanmiller3708: THIS IS PERFECT.  He describes the engine mounting failure  that caused a crash  where 273 people were killed.that is an MOST EXACT engine mounting failure as the one in the recent MD-11 crash in Kentucky.  Five years before this happened he explains why it happened. This is an indictment of the people who mandate inspection requirements and procedures on these airplanes or those doing the inspections. One element failed or the cracks would have been found and lives saved.
  3. @ShaKeNeal: Not a good time to recommend this
  4. @paflyfish: I know you say the airlines industry prides itself on improving flight safety, but human nature being what it is with cost short cuts, reducing manhours and labor costs, maintaining flight schedules, and even corporate greed emphasizing maximized profits, makes me nervous.
  5. @mr.d7372: Something I'd like to know more about please: how are the wing spars manufactured to withstand metal fatigue? I understand that they are designed to do so, but it's beyond me how we can produce a piece of metal that can flex for decades without becoming work-hardened.
  6. @beboboymann3823: Please tell me those bolts are not made in China.
  7. @RICHARDBENEDETTI-y6v: arff dommage que la traduction technique est pas bonne… y a personne en France pour faire ce genre de vidéo...
  8. @GergoPodor-zq9ux: Hey peter can you make a full acident video about the el al flight 1862
  9. @sokraal: I just watched covering of El Al Flight 1862 at Plainly difficult channel and really wanted your take on the whole crash but there is only mention of it in this video.
Maybe that old video pop up grabs your attention and it'll happen 😅
  10. @JupiterMan12.000: Cool Video nice Job✈️✈️✈️✈️
  11. @camillejohnson7035: Placing blame is very rarely part of any of your presentations. I certainly agree due to the fact it will not change the outcome. Moving forward to make changes is where your focus remains. Other agencies and companies do what they find necessary as a result. However, when the topic of replaceable parts comes into the discussion I listen carefully to hear if the part is the manufacturer part(s) or an off brand; and if it is a mechanical oversight. In this video the fate of this engine/loss of lives was difficulty to hear. But keep up the splendid work.
  12. @GeorgeWallace-l1s: the one thing that seems not to improve is Boeng retaining CEO,s who insist on running the company with accountants instead of engineers. Before Boeng left Seattle it was GREAT and safety 1st conscious, now, it's money controlled and it doesn't work.
  13. @raymorley8241: Great video.  Mentour Puppy was as good as usual.  Let's see a video on aircraft wing attachment.   This is one area where videos of the process are hard to find.
  14. @sachinbalekar2119: Sir
How do wings carry such a large weight of engines
  15. @donlessnau3983: Can't understand half of what this guy's saying. Most of this is lame bs.
  16. @PaulSteMarie: The other special thing about Inconel is that it maintains its strength at very high temperatures and harsh chemical conditions.
  17. @elifalk8544: As an Israeli viewer of your videos, I  would really like it if you did one about El Al 1862 which you mentioned briefly at the end of this one.
  18. @tdark987: This makes me wonder a little about the incident you covered regarding a thrust reverser deploying in mid-flight.

I haven’t done the calculations, but my first thought was “why didn’t the reversed engine just shear off from the stresses?”. Because if it had, it seems like that situation could’ve ended a lot less badly (since the source of the asymmetric thrust would have effectively eliminated itself, leaving the flight crew with a single engine & a degraded wing; far from ideal, but not necessarily flight-ending). 
Is this something that was ever considered by engine/pylon engineers? Or was it (as I suspect) deemed such an improbable situation that they never took it into account?
  19. @valerieprice1745: I have been trying to find a video from you on El Al Flight 1862. I hope you get to that one if you haven't made it yet.
  20. @vintagelady1: OK, I know I'm 2 years late on this one but I just HAVE to answer the question: How are Jet-engines attached? E6000 & a couple of drops of hot glue to hold it until it dries.

- Asking Private Jet Owners To Fly For FREE: Kind: captions Language: en flying economy is awful I spend the whole time daydreaming how sweet life would be on a private jet one problem with that I can't afford a private flight to Europe to Europe you're looking at 15,000 so we're going to try the impossible today and hitchhike onto a private jet give us a lift so fasten your seat belts cuz this Journey's about to get turbulent what you're doing is slightly out of order You' never ever get one of would never Happ but how am I going to hit ch the most impossible thing to hit Chik ever well I'm literally going to stand outside of London's busiest private airport and ask the Millionaires arri and if they'll let me join them simple hello mate our aim today is to try and hit T from this airport and go anywhere this certainly wasn't going to be easy it was a bit concerning being this close to the security this is all the space we've got to deal with someone's pulling off that road we need to be able to stop them before they're in the door cuz as soon as you do it's private propit oh there's a car pulling in now all today we're trying to Hitch hike from this airport and go anywhere he said no after getting driven straight past by the next taxi and increasing numbers of security I needed to look more like I belonged here that's better I feel right at home it didn't take long before I could test out the full power of the vid if I just speak to the guys in the back sec I just want to know if I'm in the right place first this is big and Hell hi guys you you have to Big in Hill passenger terminals yeah fully bed on that one but the hi does work hey mate are you flying out today this guy's about to tell me no uh no a little did he know my luck was about to change because a bloke who looked like security came out to chat to us the mission is just to see a if anyone's Keen B where that could take you if you just ask and then just roll with whatever so uh my name's Rob follow me boys we might be able to sort something out what clearly wasn't security but I honestly no idea who this guy was and where he was taking us it can't be this easy surely how did this happen am I to help myself to a mint yes everything is free right on time Rob came back with a spare High Vis and an offer I couldn't refuse yes what we doing so it turns out Rob's boss was the man in the Tesla he owns a business called Echelon air that give people Flight Training so we were going to be airborne anyway but what we're going to do is we're going to take you guys down along Coast around the aisle of white and then back into Leon silent airport which is a nice approaching Over the Sea how is this happening this challenge was meant to be impossible and we've already done it within 2 hours and this is it oh hang on a minute that's not a private jet is it which feels like a good time to tell you the rules for this challenge rule number one it needs to be a private jet see these things it can't have them rule number two the flight must be completely free rule number three hardest of them all we need to leave the country unfortunately Rob's lovely people piece of Machinery was not a jet but still when life throws you a private flight down to the south coast of the UK you say thank you very much Rob you're a lovely bloke and I'll take it is that the inlight menu yeah ex so we were 2 hours in and already Airborne on a Scenic tour of London Brighton and the sky before landing safely in Solen airport within 2 hours we managed to get on a private flight to the beautiful British Coast ladies we're not stopping here right we're not stopping on British tur day two I've swapped in the high beers for a new outfit the Rich and Famous they love a little bit of champagne so rather than ask them for a free trip they're going to get a free Waiter on board with free champagne it's a no-brainer I need to be more directive today oh God but it wasn't long before I had a chance to redeem myself hi guys are you flying today you can't drink before flying they were pilots are you a pilot yeah I guess that's not good for me no there's an influx of Pilots at the moment which means passengers come next unfortunately it wasn't the passengers that came next was actually a member of security hi sir this is what the grass yeah okay we get off the grass just been told to move by security I think they own this grass I'm not sure about this bit of pavement with the yellow curb on your property off your property on off we've moved our bags away from the sign and we're going to see how this goes update it didn't go well hey mate you're right trying and hitchhike onto a private jet essentially right you think that's possible no no the scooter guards are aware that you're outside and things were about to go from bad to worse it'll take more than a bit of rain to D for my spirit today I don't catch feelings I catch flights baby [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ow I'm here trying to not be a nuisance you know what they say in life when you hit rock bottom there's only one way up and that's just not true as things got escalated to the Head Hunter of security team and she meant business uh oh this is just to keep the rain off my head at the moment no it this our mission is to try and get Tri onto a private jet and uh sorry won't happen we've already been here before and it happened yeah but it's not going to happen today on the way why not because it's and ask you what you filming what I understand it's an airport and it's a private airport that's what makes it possible they terrorism trying to get into an airport that's a bit far enough there was only one way out of this and that was to turn on the old CH you're a lovely lady let's come to some sort of arrangement he's Arrangement get qu now have a sign this is public property here I don't want to annoy you or cause you any stress I don't want you stopping our customers pleas I'll make a deal with you there I won't be invasive to people they come in there and complain in they're going to do something to that and you don't banish me what you witnessed right there was the Schoo of the century that type of security aren't cool I'll tell you what is cool Financial Security all right and that's why I partner with Lightyear for this [Music] video now I love saving money full stop but especially on investments and luckily for me like you're are the cheapest investment platform currently in the UK nice and they just launched in Europe hch if you've never invested before I get it it can be scary to start but Lightyear give you a wealth of information on the companies and you can start investing from as little as a quid nice yeah a gentle reminder though when you invest your capital is at risk and the value of your investment May decrease as well as increase so sign up today with my code Zack 10 and you can get a $10 gift towards your portfolio to start your investment Journey Back to the bad security with the security in the back pocket I really needed to make the next few hours count uh no customer so we just hit the 2hour mark rain's not gone anywhere I you picking up no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] customer relationship with security could be better are you flying today of course you are cuz your pilot it's very damp but the spirits will not be dampened I've just got filmed I just got filmed by an air hostess I hope you appreciate I'm not having the best of times right now guys but you seem to enjoy when I suffer the most in videos but in the darkest of moments comes the lightest of people he just offered me an umbrella ah man you're an absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Legend trying to hitchhike on a private jet oh no I've broken it after breaking the umbrella and getting splashed by a bus [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sake thought it was best to come back tomorrow we're back day three started off like any other people ignore me one by one and anyone that did stop wasn't entertained enough to let me get on board I've got a free bottle of sh pain if you got room for one more you said that why not try it was clear I'd need to change my Approach and just as I was considering other options an old friend drove past me with some new information yes lad still trying to get in a check I spoke to head of security and we came to a little understanding that we might be here for a little while so uh I think be that well you're going to be seeing us a lot more then excellent all talking Rob mentioned something called empty leg flights which are basically flights sold cheaper than usual with jet needs to be moved between airports to pick up other passengers new technique unlocked he said it's worth going to knock on their offices at the other side of this airport so you may as well go and do that right the other side we've got to go through this fence which says keep out authorized access only on each side hello hi what are the chances of being able to hit hi on an empty leg but you want it for free that was an absolute flop hi trying to chat to someone in bombard about empty leg flights oh the best thing I would do is ring shut up thank you for contacting jet class you will be connected shortly oh I'm wondering if there's anyone I can chat with regard to empty leg flights from which destination sir from anywhere in the UK to anywhere in the world it's just not something we would really do to be honest with you what are you looking for why you sorry calls to this number are not being connected please why do you want to get on these five what do you think our chances are at completing this Mission are you confident in us uh no after spending 4 hours in this little cafe I was beginning to go insane anyway I'm not going to let the Vibes get me I needed to think of a completely new strategy if this had any hope of working unfortunately day four didn't start any better can I ask what the hell are you doing are you're the same guys we're going to be non invasive you are invasive what you're doing is slightly out of order there are plenty of other airports you could be doing this so I'll get him out and we'll out let's leave it to that I'll get were being very reasonable here believe it or not this angry angry man there was actually head of marketing which is ironic because if he wasn't acting like such a silly pants then I may have recommended his airport oh well we're going to a new airport and oh boy did I have a secret weapon up my lovely mustard colored shirt sleeves bring them in boys hello and welcome to small jet TV I'm I'm your host Zach alsoo and we're trying to get on a plane today and already the TV crew was making some waves what's your name don't matter do it are you a murderer yes help help been a kidnapped by Balman we're back I haven't killed him yet he doesn't own a private jet but he does own a lovely Vox all do you think we're going to succeed in the mission absolutely no but we're going to keep going he's fing driving the wrong way down the road go enough car hitch hiking with bold man I had a serious mission to complete but after getting rejected again quite rudely hi sir no my confidence had dropped to an alltime low but as I said before when you hit rock bottom there's only one way up but not always but in this case something very mad is about to play out right in front of your eyes just as we were all discussing how we could make this work A car pulled up and ask what we were doing what is it your filing for trying to Hitch hike onto a private jet oh we are indeed yeah come back on Sunday come back on Sunday yeah we got to Barcelona to Barcelona let's go do you want my name yeah you're not going to take us in and put us in a back room are you down there oh yeah you're currently on private property and stopping the vehicles is going to end up causing an issue I'm part of the management team over here not more of an issue with you guys stopping V stopping taxis we didn't stop these guys by the way they some of the taxi drivers been saying that pull in a over we are going to have to ask move okay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just happened piss at the start right so what just happened it was very hectic we just got moved on by security the police arrived and then also three Lads in a car who work at the airport asked what I was doing Lov the idea and they've taken my number so we're in a position now waiting for a call or a text hello hello hi Zach how you doing yeah good mystery man at the gate sorry about that there is getting a bit hectic then that's okay don't wor what I could do is uh I can tell the airport you're going to come on but no filming get you in here we can discuss see what it is you'd like to maybe do whether we get you on an empty leg somewhere whether that be domestic or International fantastic all right thanks very much cheers Buddy Bye cheers by looks like we're going through the gates God this video is is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] roller coaster we weren't allowed to film inside the airport but they here's some dash cam footage of us rolling up to the exact security that kicked us out just moments earlier the TV crew may have been the most genius idea that I've ever had ever the three guys that stopped in the car I pitched in the idea the story of hitchhiking on a private jet for free something that sounds impossible something that should very well be impossible and he loved that as a story there's a flight leaving tomorrow to Barcelona there's currently no one booked on it if that remains the case then there might be room for us to Hitch height I cannot believe those words coming out of my mouth I'm crossing everything right now I can't deal with any more rejection i w take another ego fueled Security man telling me what private property is his or not hope for my own sanity and Scots this is over hello it's 10 p.m. now I've just received a voice note this is either good news or bad news hey Zach good to meet you earlier and I love the idea of making this happen I've spoken with the owner's representative for one of our private jets I'm happy to tell you you've bagged yourself a free private jet ride to Barcelona tomorrow at 8:00 a.m. I'll see you there bright and early don't forget your passports and your sunscreen oh M holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] worked I'm going to bed I've got flight tomorrow morning morning oh my God this is exciting is it you got your finest garments on not really be shorts and FL when life gives you a private jet you got to take your family no that's not for I put on McDonald's on it want to check the price there Scott is this the first hitch hike private jet you've ever had to deal with it's ever been successful yeah when you were trying to have a second child 27 years ago did you ever think that that son would get you on a private jet no here we go a long road days of rejection security and police being called I can't believe we actually made it morning any barrel roll today or no not today I don't feel like it wo Jesus so as we taxi towards the start of the runway I couldn't help but think about the journey it's taken to get to this point 4 days straight of rejection standed in the rain flirting with security but it just goes to show if you cut out the people in life who don't believe in you you might just bag yourself a hell of a story to tell the grand kids here we go can't take this away from his now Scot we're in the flight all the pain was worth it my friend no what go that eight McDonald's on a G4 Happy Father's Day which of your children has given you the best Father's Day present no you can't put it that but it's not Barcelona just he's put a wrong digit on his thankfully my dad was wrong and we did make it to Barcelona unfortunately for me I didn't actually plan how I was getting home oh well suppose I could always swim C on yeah yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZacAlsop [794 likes]: Use ZAC10 when you sign up to Lightyear to claim your reward. Remember, when you invest, your capital is at risk. 

https://lightyear.app.link/Zac10
  2. @-jahabara [1 likes]: Niko Omilano was at the same airport
  3. @AscrackAviation [1 likes]: 2:04 IS THAT IN THE BACK A BRITISH AEROSPACE BAE-146?????!!!!!!
  4. @archstudio8905 [1 likes]: Its a bit harsh to talk bad about the security those lads were just doing their job…except for that marketing guy
  5. @Matth.U: It's always the wrong sort of people in these job positions - a bully at school; no worries, let me be a manager instead lol. 🤣
  6. @ButtaPhX369: Hey! Heard it & Thought it was A YES THEORY to be honest 🪨you
 Rocked it ❕❕✨
  7. @pugman2.0: Wasn’t this video posted like 3 years ago?
  8. @AidilSulaiman972: So the security see you success doing this them shocked idiot
  9. @liamwescott745: Good to see Rob from Echelon in this. He passed a couple of months back and this video perfectly captures who he was as a person. Blue skies Robbie ✈️
  10. @blessen9238: Which company sponsored the trip?
  11. @roemerbuitenhuis5066: You just annoyed the hell out of them hahaha XD
  12. @takeru51: He rizzed the lady 😂
  13. @Ranexi: I'm sipping on my paper straw while jets are flying empty just to pick some bloke up
  14. @Forakus: Step 1: Be attractive
  15. @banawoods5348: near shat myself at 4:50, love the content
  16. @anakpelajarr: Cant believe you managed to film all that even after being hit by that truck
  17. @reasoningiskey7501: New Sub here. Thank you for these videos.  I am so glad the manager was happy.  Also,  I hope the staff appreciated the tip you guys left.
  18. @Verity98765: You should've got the number of the grumpy security people and texted them of a picture of you flying off on the jet.
  19. @MattMilner: Man, the security and personnel at that first airport were jerks...
  20. @sugarspun4216: Fly me anywhere, for absolutely no reason? environmentally irresponsible at best. FFS!

- How Do Pilots Stay in Control of Anxiety?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone i'm jared cox here at cersei municipal airport where i first learned to fly and i wanted to shoot here today because this morning as i was on my way to the office i was driving down the road and i realized that i was gripping the steering wheel at least two maybe three times tighter than i needed to be as if my truck was just gonna go off the road unless i squeeze it like that you ever catch yourself doing that it reminds me that whenever i was learning to fly the most difficult lesson to learn was to loosen my grip on the controls there was more tension in my hands than i realized but the tension in a pilot's hands moves the airplane off course tension keeps pilots from feeling what the plane is doing if we're climbing or descending or if the wind is pushing us around and before we realize it we're veering off course we aren't where we want to be but right now if you're feeling stressed if you're anxious to get control there's probably more tension in you than you realize but the way to fly your course isn't to squeeze for more control one of the ways pilots manage tension from stress or anxiety is by opening their hands very quickly after takeoff pilots start making adjustments to the plane so that they can relax their hands and fly with just one or two fingers but sometimes when new pilots are under pressure or they're anxious they don't recognize how much tension they really have in their hands and they don't recognize that they're squeezing for control when they ought to be making adjustments and that makes me ask in your life right now if you're feeling stressed if you're feeling anxious do you recognize the tension that is in you are you squeezing for control and it's moving you off course are you squeezing for control instead of making adjustments that you need to make at my office whenever i'm under pressure if i'm about to see a patient who is very afraid or if i'm about to have a conversation with someone who is very anxious i remember this lesson from whenever i learned to fly and in the few seconds that i have to walk down the hall before i go and see them and have that difficult conversation or see that person who is really afraid i open my hands and i really appreciate what that does for both of us because even if it's just for a few seconds if i can check my own tension i can reset my mind i can be at my best ready to be open to give and to serve it's great for me it's great for them so here's the question what does opening your hands mean for you maybe it means you physically open your hands so that your mind is ready to give to those around you or maybe it's something less tangible maybe it means that you invite more input maybe it means you share your ideas maybe it means that you welcome bigger challenges it is the way to fly hey everyone thank you so much for being here with me if you like this video please subscribe and turn on your notifications and thanks in advance for sharing this with your friends i make these videos because i want to see change when i decided to go into dentistry never imagined what it would teach me about fear and anxiety and about people and it is so good to be able to bring that to you i know you struggle i do too i know what it's like to live with high standards and high expectations and i know how it feels when it seems like no one else relates and i know how hard it is to find people who will be real and talk about it but i will you can count on that from me because here's the truth having the courage to really live is up to us so let's keep talking and come see me on dr jaredcox.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrYouthfist18: Well said!!

- How to achieve high performance under stress | Jannell MacAulay | TEDxABQ: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever had someone believe in you so much you felt there were no limits to what you could achieve? At the young age of seven, I can remember my dad telling anyone who would listen that I was going to grow up to be a fighter pilot or a submarine warfare commander. Now, this was the 1980s and these jobs weren't even open to women. But it didn't matter because his ultimate goal was to inspire me to do or be anything I wanted. All I had to do was work hard, labor enough, and I could achieve my dreams. When you remove societal barriers, it's amazing what you can imagine for yourself. That was extremely powerful for a young girl. His guidance gave me the drive to seek out challenges and to actually think that I could be a combat pilot, a leader and military commander, a mother and wife, and also an academic. I didn't have to choose. However, my first attempt at integrating the person I wanted to be with the person I could be in reality was a complete failure. You see, a few years ago, I was leading a flying training unit while my husband was deployed to the Middle East for a year and we had a 2-year-old daughter at home. I felt the intense pressure to be the best pilot, the best leader, the best mother, the best military spouse that I could be. And that was while I was navigating a whole host of other stressors like managing a house and a dog and two high-maintenance parents. Does anyone else have those? I love you, Mom and Dad. My drive took me to the point where I was giving to everything and everybody. I was embodying servant leadership, trying to be the perfect role model in every facet of my life. And that almost destroyed me. I sure labored a whole heck of a lot and I had plenty of judgment for how I wasn't achieving perfection. But I had little to no compassion or love for myself. I actually I forgot how to laugh and I lost sight of all the love that surrounded me. And I forgot that there was actually learning and growth within my imperfection. I completely lost myself in the process and it resulted in a total burnout. I was doing life wrong. I mean, sure I was successful, but drive alone does not equip you for sustained success. And regardless of our primary role in life, we should be able to maintain or even accelerate our professional success without having to sacrifice ourselves and in particular our health and our relationships along the way. My burnout became the motivation for my doctoral work and my recent academic focus. I wanted to know how we could all perform better under stress. How could we do life better? Well, I'll tell you, it starts with putting on your own oxygen mask. We can use the power of our breath to live more in the present moment, increasing our productivity and our efficiency and actually giving ourselves time back, time we can use to harmonize our hard work and our labor with the joys in life. It's about being in the present moment instead of wasting our time succumbing to the mind wandering and the distractions and ultimately the unrealistic expectations we put on ourselves with our own inner dialogue. And that's extremely hard to do on our own, especially under stress. But what if I told you there was a tool, a tool that can build the mental qualities of being in the present moment, a tool that can act as your own personal oxygen mask? Just as today's technology allows us to be virtually present from almost anywhere in the world, the practice of mindfulness allows us the opportunity to be present, mentally present anytime, anywhere. Once I found mindfulness, I was able to accelerate my professional success using something that's free and always with me, my breath, to live more in the moment so I can harmonize my life and my work together. Life is stressful. Mindfulness reminds me to slow down and it also helps me forgive myself when I don't cuz I am imperfect. You may have heard a lot about mindfulness these days. It was a solution for me and maybe it could be a solution for some of you. Mindfulness is What is it exactly? Mindfulness is being paying attention to the present moment intentionally in a non-judgmental way. As my colleague and esteemed mindfulness researcher like Dr. Amishi Jha likes to say, think of your mind like an iPod. Our minds are fantastic at mental time travel. In fact, we spend a lot of time in fast forward, catastrophizing and worrying about the future. We also spend a lot of time in rewind, ruminating and regretting over the past. We hardly ever sit in play. Mindfulness is sitting in play in the present moment. You can think of it as a type of mental exercise like doing push-ups or bicep curls for our brains and the more you practice it, the more available it is to us under stress. Mindfulness can actually strengthen our muscle of attention, increase our working memory capacity, and help us make better decisions. It also decreases the amount of time we spend mind wandering or judging ourselves and setting unrealistic expectations. You know, science will tell us we mind wander half of our waking moments. Now, I've been talking for about 6 minutes and your minds have been wandering for at least three of those. It's okay. I know you can't help it. The interesting thing about mind wandering is when we do it, we think of unpleasant thoughts. We may have this fabulous vacation coming up, but instead of thinking about how our toes are going to feel in the sand, we mind wander about all the things we have to do before we leave. A wandering mind is an unhappy one. This is my son, Andrew. When Andrew was 3 years old, I was giving him a bath and I was doing what we all do, trying to multitask, right? When all of a sudden, he looked up at me and he put his little hands on my face and he said, "Mommy, why are you so sad? I love you, Mommy." And it was in that moment I realized I was mind wandering. And instead of being present with him, laughing and loving, I was distracted and unhappy. Maybe you found yourself there with someone you love. Now, mindfulness helps me live more in the present so I don't miss special moments with the people I care about. In fact, mindfulness was so powerful in my life when I took command of the 305th Operations Support Squadron, a 400-member joint team of airmen, sailors, soldiers, and civilians, the power of my example helped to inspire leaders at all levels to revitalize the organizational culture. As a leader or as a parent, what greater gift could I give to those around me than my presence and my focus? Being present in my conversations, being present in my decision-making. My leadership at home and at work is rooted in the power of connection which builds trust. No matter which role is center stage, leader or parent, we need connection before we give direction. Now, I've been asked many times how I was able to get a military unit to buy in to mindfulness. And we did some unconventional things. We practiced yoga, we did mindful minutes before our leadership meetings and our commander's calls. Well, Colin Powell gave a speech and he talks about how if you have trust, people will follow you, if only out of curiosity. I started with trust by being a mindful leader myself and creating opportunities for connection. I used initiatives like no email Friday to be more available to the people I led. I also wrote handwritten personal notes and I called parents. In fact, one story in particular really stands out. I had an airman who was selected for an early promotion. So, I offered to call his dad. So, we put him on speakerphone and I was able to brag on his son, give him a glimpse of what his child is like in adulthood. And as we finished the conversation, the dad said, "I'm so proud of you. I love you, son." And as I looked up at my airman, he had tears streaming down his face and he said, "Ma'am, my dad has never said that to me before." Now, that took just two to three minutes of my time as a leader, but it had a huge impact on all of us. When you start by connecting, you can build trust. Maybe at first, the members of my unit followed me only out of curiosity, but over time, I know mindfulness helped many of them to put on their own oxygen masks, to do life better, to have drive for professional success and mission accomplishment, but to pair it with compassion for themselves and for others. Now, I want to be clear. This is not just about making people feel good. We're a military unit. But it's it's about performance. Many of the members of my unit won individual high accolades and awards and the unit itself was awarded the 2016 Operations Support Squadron of the Year for all of Air Mobility Command and the 2016 Airfield Complex of the year for the entire Air Force. We didn't earn these accolades because we practice mindfulness. We earned them because it created a culture of trust, of care, of love, of connection. A culture of innovation and risk-taking where people weren't afraid to fail. In fact, we just failed forward and then use self-compassion to get back up and try again. Mindfulness created an environment where everyone can succeed. Today, I'm here in New Mexico and I'm the director of human performance and leadership for the 58th Special Operations Wing at Kirtland Air Force Base. Here, we're inserting human performance initiatives like mindfulness into our leadership construct to help our airmen optimize their performance. Our effort is nascent as is the military's interest in mindfulness and why I'm excited to share my ideas here with you today, but I'm optimistic about what we will be able to achieve. Mindfulness is not a buzzword. It's about sustained performance and overall well-being and it's really as simple as taking a few minutes worth of deep breaths every day. Silencing the detrimental chatter in our heads, the chatter that holds us back and prevents us from putting on our own oxygen mask. The end goal is changing our state of mind. Now, I still lead a very stressful life, but now mindfulness helps me not get carried away by my circumstances, so I can perform at my best. And now today, I live grounded and present in the four L's. Using the drive my dad instilled in me each day I labor, but mindfulness gives me more time back, so I can also laugh and learn and love My dad taught me a lot and now I'm trying to teach my kids starting with the four L's. I want them to grow up thinking there are no limits to what they can achieve. I want to give them the drive to labor and work hard, but I also want them to understand how mindfulness can help them live in the present moment because that is where the laughing and the loving and the learning occurs. I want you to ask yourself, are your days only filled with labor and a drive to succeed at all costs? If they are, I'm here to offer you an alternative. Slow down. Be courageous. Mindfulness is your oxygen mask. Try it on. You just might be surprised how successful you can become both in your workspace and in your life space.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FutureGrowAcademy [40 likes]: 9 Ways To Deal with High-Pressure Situations- 

1. Understand Your Cutoff
2. Identify Your Triggers
3. Focus On The Task, Not The Result
4. Don’t Try To Avoid Pressure
5. Establish A Prioritization Plan
6. Break Down Your Tasks
7. Don’t Procrastinate
8. Change Your Outlook About Pressure
9. Try Mindfulness Practice
  2. @walkerpercy8702 [2 likes]: Fluff for 6th graders ends and talk starts at about 7:00 but even after that it's "mindfullness" woo. Useless for anyone who is listening for tips on how to perform well in high stress situations.
  3. @leonardoparigi00 [2 likes]: "We need connection, before we give directions."
  4. @edvega33 [1 likes]: “High maintenance parents” 😂
  5. @pissmyasslynch5325 [1 likes]: When I was under high stress and needed to complete multiple tasks, I prioritize the to do list logically, sorted out what I have to do first then what's next. 
Delete some of those unnecessary or ask someone else to complete for me.
  6. @kyneawade1596 [1 likes]: This was so helpful. I'll definitely try putting on my oxygen mask. Thank you so much for your service and leadership. 🙏🏽❤️
  7. @planllargame6158 [1 likes]: This does not apply to my situation, I have to judge some people trust, I live surrounded with insecurities and violence, and when I get enough money to move better place
  8. @DoukTube [1 likes]: I salute the one who put his or her life on the line. Those who actually think by themselves and challenge politicians decision when necessary got my respect.
  9. @BNeault: What a waste of 12 minutes that I will never get back
  10. @BNeault: I wasted 12 minutes that I will never get back!
  11. @BNeault: Waste of time. Summary. Mindfulness
  12. @ahmeddarwish4584: you're a horrible person and bad influence for everyone.
  13. @ramez2207: My personal take away is "we need connection before we give direction"
  14. @yuriybogun: Great inspirational and scientific MINDFUL speach! Thank you Jannel
  15. @banhminuongmuoiot: Thank you so much. This is just the best advice for me in this period of time. I am now a freshman and I've always been too intensively driven toward sucess that my mind has always been restless. After listening to your presentation, I know that I have to slow down, put on my oxygen mask and relief some stress off my shoulder to life a happier life. You're amazing❤❤
  16. @SonamSingh-sp6ey: 🩵
  17. @fitforfreelance: awesome message!
  18. @sajithomas2158: This is a very very good good talk
  19. @Aryan-bl8gm: What is pomodoro app?
  20. @BillConrad: Excellent Presentaion and sounds like wonderful training.

- What Do Fighter Pilots Do When They're Overwhelmed?: Kind: captions Language: en our final segment for tonight the mental health minute uh I thought this was a cool idea we talked about it last time I blindsided donkey and Wombat but this time we've actually talked about it or prior to this and the topic tonight that I wanted to bring up is we talk about it in every brief uh task saturation uh and prioritization so or whether it's Miss priority misprioritizing things or whatever and we brief to it sometimes we give it lip service but whether it applies in the cockpit or in your everyday life people get overwhelmed we get to a point where the the stressors just keep piling up piling up and we get task saturated and we talk about it in Aerospace physiology that when you get saturated what's the first thing to go hearing right you stop hearing radio calls you stop listening you're not actively listening anymore you're just trying to you get the tunnel vision and stuff like that so one of the things we talk about during a brief is if you get that uh confess to yourself recognize that you have it slow down take things step by step take things uh break it down into smaller pieces so that you can work through it whether it's an emergency go step by step in the checklist or bringing somebody else into the but if you're single seat and going hey I'm having a problem or to the point where I'm Tumbleweed you have no s no situational where artist whatsoever you don't know what's going on my I had a fight lead that said ask a cool question if you don't you don't know what's going on just kind of hey one are we supposed to be doing this you know because sometimes they might not know or they might be screwing it up and they didn't realize or whatever but it's it applies in life in that you you have all these things that are stacking up stacking up stacking up overwhelming you you have to break it down to okay I'm gonna put one foot in front of the other I'm gonna take it one step at a time I'm gonna take small bite to the apple and not try to do the entire thing all at once what do you think Anki yeah I mean you bring up a lot of good points but basically I think it's funny because even no matter no matter what you go into in the military I think that's one of the things like in basic boot camp they do to you right they over task you to add stress right because they can't really shoot at you right so let's just throw a bunch of stuff on you in it you know if you've ever been through any kind of military training um or Airline training they do it in Airlines too just stem from hell right they just start throwing emergencies at you compounding emergencies yeah you kind of have to be able to uh record the recognition pieces is Big so you got to be able to recognize uh you know you have a problem and then then you you got to start prioritizing so what is the most important thing right now for me to do and then you know you that's where you start and then from there you know if you can take on more you can but if you can't I mean sometimes tread water is all you can do and yeah you know until someone can come help you and we do this with low levels right uh near rocks far rocks check lead check six it's the thing you go through the whole time right what's the first thing that can kill me what's the next thing that can kill me uh check your lead make sure your buddy's doing okay then I gotta make sure I'm okay and then if at the end of the day what do we do we root abort right climb conserve confess hey get away from the dangerous situation take a breath pause and again Works through everything in everyday life we take a step back focus on your breathing I've talked about the square breathing we're three to four seconds hold three to four seconds hold three to four seconds Etc do that and get yourself grounded again get yourself back present in the moment yeah yeah it's hard it's it's much easier to to talk about it than actually do it and but that's where the that's where we talk about it now so that what do I remember you know law of Primacy what do I remember I remember my training I remember you know I go down Basics aviate navigate communicate like they might be platitudes but when things are going wrong you go wait a minute I know what I'm supposed to be doing here fly the damn plane you know yeah just just get myself to a point where I have a warm fuzzy and life is good again and then worry about all the other stuff because you can't take it out you know when you the reason you're getting task saturated is because you're going hey I got to deal with everything all at once yeah and that is a problem you know we can't humans can't we have to take things step by step I'm a big fan of uh man I write down I got a thousand things going on and like I I make a list man and I prioritize the list and that just that planning sometimes uh you know really helps with avoiding if you could you know that's the other thing if you can avoid those situations that that uh that put you in that kind of that kind of state that's that's important too [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @mistergunpilot [53 likes]: This is when all that training you've been doing comes into play. Training and knowing your aircraft (Machine or Job) to the point of being able to do it while blind folded. 
The final battle I had in the Korengal was a prime example. The entire day, leading up to the final shootout, had been one event after another building up to the shoot. ie. not supposed to be on that flight, listening to the radios enroute hearing the ground unit fighting the insurgents right on the route we had to go, getting approved to go single ship to help stop the fight, thinking the gun was broke only to find out it had never been fully loaded, first soldier trying to put a rocket backwards into the Pod, the FOB not having the equipment nor correct trained soldiers to refill my gun, the lead aircraft never having been in the Korengal all year long; my anxiety was building up inside me to the point I wanted to just scream "Knock it off" to everyone involved. Yet I continued the mission despite myself screaming within that this was all too much and I knew that something really bad was going to happen. Sure enough it did. Just like you said Mover, and I described in my book and movie, all sound was nonexistent, my visual acuity was extremely sharp (I could see the bullets passing by my canopy) and it felt as if time had slowed down. When I watched the video later I realized that I had done everything as well as could be expected. It wasn't until all was said and done that I could take a breath and decompress. If you listen to the audio, right after the shoot, as we were leaving the Korengal my front seater can be heard telling me "Dan you're hyperventilating" That is when I just handed him the controls. All that training and experience I had allowed me to do the job at hand without even thinking about it.
  2. @scottyfromthe80s [4 likes]: A colleague finally got this through my thick skull; and this is a perfect distillation of what she showed me.  

“You don’t have to be the strong one for everyone, always”. 

Opened my to prioritizing who was actually worth my time.
  3. @rinzler9775: Also, getting oversaturated can lead to a mistake or overlooking something, leading to another problem you just made for yourself, leading to a vicious cycle. The first thing you need to do is just fly the plane, and breath normally. Hyperventilation can become a real problem. Box your tasks, and sort in priority.
  4. @thomashimstreet3019: I like the "fess up" and ask for help.  Controllers love to bail you our.  Get safe.  Max endurance.  Knock it off.  Figure it out.  Shed tasks or wave off entirely....is RTB still an option?  Zippy, Go Navy
  5. @Amar7605: I shared your video with some of my staff. We really appreciate your lessons on how to mitigate task saturation and being overwhelmed. Thank you so much, Mover and Gonky! And thank you & your friends and colleagues for their service to our country!
  6. @pweiss1883: 'Aviate, Navigate, Communicate' is the essential thing in life... no matter what vehicle you're in... might even be your own body...
  7. @cmdrefstathiusplacidus9003: So I realize DCS is not the real thing, but it's what I got. After buying way too many modules not realizing what I was getting into, went back to my original purchase the F18 found a good group that likes to be serious but also likes to have fun. Started CAP training after last weekend fail. Had been preparing to SEAD and was switched last min to CAP. I can't even imagine, IRL during BVR and then merge. I was shaking by the time I was done... in DCS😂. Maybe a valium or two before flying? No that's a pretty bad idea
  8. @danielstevens3869: As A former Infantryman in the Amry, It is pretty cool to see that even the pilots can get overwhelmed sometimes. I thought it was just those of us that have been in alot of combat. So it is good to see others get there too.
  9. @winslowgreaves121: Honestly this is one of the reasons I don't like the F-35. Fantastic design but a second seat is always a good option just to share the load with someone else.
  10. @chloehennessey6813: Mr Lemoine, 
Which fighter jet do you believe is the absolute meanest machine-with no drag on the aircraft (missiles, bombs)?
  11. @hutch8569: Thank you both for sharing. This advice really does help.
  12. @Blackcloud_Garage: And just as important is to not be a “d!ck” if/when someone admits they need help and asks a question. Sooo many mistakes are made when people are scared to ask a question because they are afraid of some A-hole who gives everyone crap for asking questions.
  13. @ThePowerfulMach5: Eject
  14. @2atalkandpolitics422: This subject reminds of when mover started having a spiral in the trainer. Glad mover is doing ok though
  15. @RealScotrocks: Want to thank you - I’m a student pilot of advancing years learning to fly - I’ve found myself overwhelmed at times and so learning this can affect the most accomplished pilots helps me be a little less tough on myself. The strategies are also useful. Thank you so so much.
  16. @Dommelit99: It's very comforting hearing people (besides my QFI's...) who have gone through this and been sucessfull talk about this stuff
  17. @ag3nt_green: It's hard to describe to someone who has never experienced combat conditions just how much information you have to process while in an active engagement. It's why training your soldiers and subordinate leaders is so important. You want to avoid decision making bottlenecks and have enough brain power left to keep SA. Most leaders I saw end up KIA were due to loss of SA due to task saturation. There's a fine line between taking responsibility and being a good leader and letting yourself become task saturated and becoming a liability. Things happen so fast and the consequences are often permanent. Then there's the duality of the radio. While it enables you to send info, request assets, and direct tactical movements it also becomes a nightmare when you have several different levels of command in your ears asking for sitreps and anything else under the sun while you are in a direct fight. Think of when you're driving in an unfamiliar place unsure of where to go. People typically turn down the volume on their music/radio to focus. Now imagine that radio is asking questions persistently while people are actively trying to kill you.
  18. @Runandgun13: Training is everything.  When you're trained in chaos daily, it gets easier with repetition or in a worst-case scenario (war).  Tactical pauses, set the conditions, get back after it. Very good episode.
  19. @M1Tommy: Great video and advice for so many aspects of life !  
Recognize, Prioritize , Implement .... and watched for your people !  👍😎👍
  20. @Andy_Bat: Spent last weekend at the UK military Airshow, RIAT, and notwithstanding the weather it was amazing, but what made it for me was the F16 and  F/A18  displays knowing that you guys had the stick in these noisy powerful aircraft pulling max G manoeuvres at low level.  Respect to you both.

- ✈️ PILOT STRESS & ANXIETY — How to Manage the Pressure in Flight Training and Beyond: Kind: captions Language: en You are listening to the Airline Selection Podcast, where we bring you insights to help you succeed at airline selections. This podcast is brought to you by Airline Selection Programme. Please welcome your host, airline captain and major airline recruiter Guillaume Debauchez. Hello and welcome to Season 2 of the Airline Selection Podcast, where we bring you insights and specialist tips to help you succeed at your upcoming airline interviews. This, uh, the knowledge and, uh, skills and attitudes that you will learn here will further help you on top of what we also have on our websites and on our courses. Alright, so today I am happy to, uh, get you to meet our psychologist Dana. Dana, how are you doing today? Hi, Guillaume. Thank you so much. I'm, I'm doing fine. Maybe I can do a little bit of introduction if that's all right with you, because the others- well, maybe the audience hasn't, met me before. So, hello everyone. I'm Dana. I'm the, I'm the psychologist of the company and well, you're going to meet me here in the podcast and also maybe at the 16 PF debriefing. And, uh, basically in my work in here, in this company is going to be focused on pilot mental health and wellbeing, so that everyone, in this high performance, uh, environment can get the, the psychological care that you need. And, uh, Dena, what's your, what's your background? I think you've got quite an aviation background. Mm-hmm. Yeah, exactly. So, uh, also in my, in my work history, you can find, uh, aviation related topics. But I think, uh, something that started me on this journey was, uh, my family, because my dad worked as a pilot and my mom worked as a flight attendant and even. Well, even my, my grandfather was a pilot too, so this, uh, really pushed me into a certain direction and I'm very happy that it did. Yeah. So you understand the constraints that this job, this career puts on our private lives, for instance, because you were the receiver of that, right? Yes, definitely. Even though as a child, but, uh, but yes, I can now see it, uh, even more clearly, especially with the psychological training that I received. Yes. So we can talk a little bit more about that today. I'm sorry. Exactly, it's something we'll definitely develop because it's, it's important for you to know everything there is to know about the airline pilot role as you ease into this career. And, uh, so the way we're going to run this second season is, um, we will have several episodes obviously, and they will go by, by theme. Uh, the first three are going to be about navigating stress in the pilot role. So because it's quite a lengthy subject, we will divide it into three parts, and the very first one today is going to be about the transition into flight training. Then after that we'll talk, uh, in the second episode a bit more in depth about what happens at flight training and then the stress in the pilot role that you get as a pilot, uh, in an airline. All three episodes will help you, even if you are just an ab-initio to understand the different stages that you may go through and how stress will impact us as pilots. And, and believe me, uh, stress does impact us as pilots. We, we need to learn how to manage it and Dana's here to bring us some clinical, uh, insights and insights from her experience on, well, what happens to a pilot, when, uh, such situations happen. And of course, give us some hints and solutions on how to manage it best. Remember, it's important for, we want you to be, uh, a pilot with a good career, but also a happy pilot. So it's also about being able to navigate, um, difficult times, right? So how, uh, how are we going to go about this, Dana, today? Well, first I just wanted to say that, uh, definitely our, our role here is not to deter you from this line of work, but just so that you know what to expect. So that you can prepare yourself for that. And we will also try to give you some tips and tricks on how to navigate this. But first, I think what I would like to ask you, Guillaume, is um, can you maybe tell me about a time when you have transitioned into flight training from the civilian life and you thought to yourself that, okay, this is actually way harder than I expected. So, um, I, um, I'm someone who needs to work hard to get results. When I do, I, I get results. You know, some people are quick learners and I was always amazed to see people who can learn things and execute them immediately. Uh, I'm not like that. So, the very first experience I had of that was during the ATPL. I mean, I did very good academic studies. I then had a very, a first career, which ended when I was 27 because I decided to become a pilot. So I went back to school and I went back to do a, a full ATPL. I did a modular ATPL, but I spent a, a whole year in person at an ATPL school in, uh, in France, and. I, I found that, um, quite hard because, um, I, um, a, a lot of the topics were unknown to me, so I had to, I had to relearn how to be at school again. And, um, I wanted to be the best that I could be. And while I ended up being, you know, one of the top three sort of in my class, it took a lot of work. The other ones were really smart and really quick, and so, it was not a competition, but I wanted to perform. So I found, geez, you know, this is, this is hard. And, uh, before you start to master all the concepts, it takes a bit of time. And when you're at the ATPL theory, it's like, am I really gonna use this? And then half the teachers tell you, well, actually you're never gonna use this. So it's kind of, kind of, uh, kind of tough. Um, then afterwards it was about choosing the right flight school and, um. I ended up, because I was already a little bit advanced in life, to choose a flight school that was close to where I lived because I was, you know, I wasn't alone in my life. Um, and I knew that this flight school wasn't necessarily the best, but I sort of thought, well, it doesn't really matter because I'll get the license anyway. And somehow, um, there was always this lingering thought that, am I being trained properly? You know, and that's something I know now is that, getting your pilot's license is a little bit like getting your high school degree or your baccalauréat, as we call it in, in France. You know, 90% of people get it. But there's a very, there are very varying degrees between all those who get it, and I kind of put myself in a position and it was subconscious where I perhaps wasn't in the best place. So was I going to make it? And I realized it by the way they were organized, um, that the planes were not the best quality, that the, the instructors perhaps weren't all that motivated. And, um. There was stress there. Am I, am I doing this in the right place? Am I going to be in the right place? And then this developed into me later on of, of some sort of an imposter syndrome when I started to do my, my, uh, when I did my first, um, when I prepared for my first elections. Uh, and I carried this, um, for quite a while until I became an instructor, and then I became better. I did some gap training, which as you know, we, we specialize in gap training and I, there was one person doing gap training, uh, around Paris in those days. He changed my life, this guy, uh, because I learned to fly the airplane in a professional manner, even though I hadn't been in an airline. And after he trained me, I thought like, now I really, really know what I'm doing and what I'm supposed to do. And the imposter syndrome sort of left and I ended up approaching my first real selection without really feeling it. But you see, it's like, uh, and that's just my story. You know, others have other stories. My, my batch mate, he was 42, so he had, he had other issues. He was very slow on the plane, for instance, and he ended up getting a job as well. But, uh, it's stressful, no doubt. Yeah, that I can definitely imagine, especially because you're transitioning from a life that, uh, you're confident in your abilities. And then it, it's basically an identity crisis. You, you go into flight school and then you have to, uh, decide who you want to be. Uh, you had an established identity, but now you have to, now you have to create a new one because there are new expectations, and you have to, you have a very different job. You have, uh, new people around you. So everything is a bit, uh, yeah. It's, uh, this uncertainty. I, I can feel. A a and as well, you know, during that time you, you are sort of weak because you are a student and you don't yet have a job. You, you are not financially strong. And you are in a position, uh, you're never really in control. So I remember after I became an instructor in the very early days, you are, uh, under supervision, I think for the first 50 hours. And, you know, before I launched into this career, I had quite a good first career. And I was traveling, you know, in, in very good conditions left and right in the world already when I was 25, um, because I worked for a large telecommunications company and I was, I was, you know, uh, sort of. Yeah, I was, I felt respected by my employer, let's put it this way. And, um, all of a sudden now I work at an aero club where I'm supposed to pull aircraft from hangers and fuel them, and I get told off if I make a mistake and I, I get, I get treated not so well. You know, like, like I'm someone who knows nothing. And it was, it was quite tough that as well, um, until it, it felt like. Until I make it into a decent airline, I'm, I'm, I'm not going to be looked at like, I'm someone who ever matters. I'm, who am I now? You know, like, when am I gonna be myself? Yes, that is definitely, Hmm. Sorry. That's, that's it. That's it. Yeah, it's definitely something that you, you can feel that you have to reinvent yourself. Um, also it requires a higher level of level of independence because, well, there are not going to be the teachers who will tell you exactly what to do. Of course, you can rely on your instructors and, and peers, but still you have to manage your own. Um, uh, academic, uh, way, and also manage your own time. Finances. So yeah, it's, it's a lot to handle. I, maybe, if that's all right with you, I could, uh, tell you a little bit more about, for example, what are the, the common signs when someone experiences anxiety because of all of these- Oh, thanks. Yeah, I was looking forward to that. Okay, perfect. Yeah, so I would say that there are of course a whole range of symptoms, but I could maybe highlight three of these. So for example, there is the cognitive aspect that we have to talk about, um, this is when all the stress and anxiety it leads to, let's say, um, you have maybe difficulty concentrating. You can make basic mistakes that you would not do otherwise, or you can get forgetful. Maybe you're overthinking everything. But of course there is also a, a physical aspect of it, which, well, I think I'm also experiencing now, this is my first ever recording. Uh, you can have sweaty palms, racing heart, uh, let's say muscle tension. That's something that I think, uh, especially in, in our, in my generation, we talk about a lot, how you have to unclench your jaw. I did not really realize that before someone told this to me. Um, but definitely that, uh, trouble sleeping. That's also something that a lot of people experience and of course there is an emotional side of it where you can, um, feel that you're doubting yourself a lot or you, you can be, uh, your mood can be quite changeable. You can get, uh, irritated quite easily. And, uh, yeah, I think that it all comes with, um, it's necessary to have self-awareness and you can realize what is happening to you and that, um, you have to do something with this situation and ask for help if that is something that, uh, that you need. Can, can you better define for us what is anxiety? You, you gave us the symptoms, but what is it? I think I know what it is, but Maybe you can give me your version or the, the specialist version? Well, how I could connect it to our topic would be when you feel overwhelmed by, uh, by circumstances when you don't feel that you're in control. For example, one thing that I, uh, wanted to mention today is that there's this, uh, certain, uh, theory in psychology, which talks about the optimal stress. And I think that's also something that, that pilots talk about a lot, how stress is necessary for our life, and it's, it's always there, uh, to certain degrees, but we need to have an optimal stress level to improve ourselves because that can actually help us. So that is why anxiety can, can help us to develop ourselves or, or push our limits. But if that stress level, uh, becomes too much, then, then that just impairs, um, any kind of function that we have. But am I, am I mistaken? My understanding is that stress and anxiety are two different things in my, my understanding was that anxiety was fear of the future, fear of the unknown. It's a, anxiety is a form of fear. Like you, you feel that you are losing control or that you feel that you are, uh, you have all the symptoms that you described because you don't know what's going to happen tomorrow because you don't know whether you're going to make it. And it's this fear of the future that we, that is technically called anxiety. Am I, am I wrong here? Uh, no, I think that's also definitely part of it. I think that the one thing that I could highlight here is that you can, stress is, uh, is all around us. We are handling it every single day. But when you have anxiety, it's when you don't know if you can handle it. That's definitely something that, uh, that can be, uh, future focused. You can even get anxious, let's say, when you're taking a test, even though you have taken that before, or I'm not sure, uh, going to the dentist. Everyone has experienced that before, but, uh, again, you just don't know if you can handle it again. Okay. If that makes sense. So, yeah, 'cause my, my definition was really around fear. And then stress is something that happens that, that could be unrelated in the sense that you could have stress, uh, you need stress just to get up in, from, from bed in the morning, right? And, and you need stress to perform your tasks. And if you have a right, like you said, the optimal stress. And that's, I think, what we learned in, uh, during the human factors part of the ATPL is that when you have an optimal level of stress, this is where you can focus the best. So you're attentive. It, it is linked to your attention, but if you have, if you have too little, you tend to not pay attention. So you could miss stuff. And if you have too much, then you, you, your bucket is full and you, you, everything spills over and you are, you're not able to focus on anything. Um, but it's not because you've got too much to do that you could become anxious. Um, may, can you, can you clear that one up for us? Um. Or maybe it is? Um, I might, I might have, uh, It's if you have an optimal stress level, are, are you sort of anxious? Are, are you or is it just normal first of all? First of all uh, stress is, norm is normal. Stress is a normal response to life happening. Right? Definitely. And anxiety is also a normal response, uh, some people have it more than others. And have too much of it, then it can impair you from, from functioning normally. That's, that's, And also, I think another important part of it is that it's, uh, it's there for a prolonged time. So, 'cause uh, if we are just stressed, then we can deal with that and, and that's the end of the story. But if we have anxiety, um, that can go on for a longer period of time, and that is when things get a bit more complicated. Yeah, that's what I was getting at because I, I feel that that's, there could be a short term anxiety on an exam. But there could be also a long-lasting anxiety. And I think that's, that's more the one that the pilots are experiencing when they get through, uh, flight training. They get constant anxiety for a long period of time until they finally succeed in an airline that, that they like enough to want to stay there. Um, so. Um, right. Well now that we've set the, the sort of the scene around, uh, navigating stress and anxiety and that the two are linked together that you do need, um, it to function, um, that getting too much, uh, could impair you to function, that they are also, also both normal responses, but they need to be dealt with. So, um, what's the next thing that we were going to talk about today? So, um, exactly the thing that I wanted to ask you about is there are certain moments when your anxiety just really concentrates on, on one part, and maybe it can be, let's say, a stressful period for, short time. For example, when you're being evaluated, that is also something where you know that it's going to happen. So you might be dreading it for quite some time, but then right before the evaluation or when you're right there, can you maybe tell me, have you ever felt something like that when you have been evaluated? This is not, uh, this, this is, uh, this could be valid for all three episodes, but the closest remembrance I have of this is actually, um, when I, well, as an already established pilot, in fact, I mean. When you, when you go through flight school, you don't have that many exams. In fact, you have an exam towards the end of your CPL and you have an exam to the end of your, uh, IRME. And then the one on at the MCC is, is everybody passes that, um, but when you become a, a pilot in an airline there, you have exams every six months in the form of sim checks that last for two days each time. And, uh, depending on the airline where you're at, which can be fairly, um, constructive when it comes to training or more severe when it comes to training, which training becomes checking. When there is something at stake, such as you keeping your job at the end of a, uh, sim check, you become anxious. And it's, this is very much comes from, you know, it's very much a culture, uh, thing. I know for instance, at, at Air France, from speaking with my friends or at BA for, for having been there for seven years, there is not so much of that. Uh, the training is very, um. Very, um, constructive. You're here to learn. Of course, you're expected to have worked before, but you, you kind of know that you're gonna get out of this sim check with your job still intact. Going to the Middle East is very different. Um, and this would start induce anxiety when, for instance, you see others fail. People you, well, you dunno how good they are, but you assume that they've passed this election, so they're just as good as you. Mm-hmm uh, when one day, invariably you have a bad day, you know, and then after that you think about it, you pass, but you think about it for next time and you go like, oh, you know, am I losing my mojo? So to say, you know, am I, am I, am I losing my, my, my special thing. Um, so, you know, as pilots we're always being put, uh, under the grill all the time, regularly, and this is a long term anxiety. Um, now of course when you finish your sim check, you go back on the line and then you feel quite good for quite a few months. But very quickly, this, the, the next, you know, five months lapse and then you're back again working in your books to study for the sim check. So this, you, have to sort of live with that. And no I, Our profession is more regulated than ours in that even, surgeons, you know, who play with pilot's lives, um, and, and others don't have as much scrutiny as we do. I can imagine that in this kind of, um, scenario, it's hard to even admit if you're struggling, uh, because you said that, uh, for example, your peers maybe, maybe you think that they are even better than you and they're failing. So I can imagine that there is this imposter syndrome that you have talked about, before that you're here in this very new kind of setting. You don't know how good the other people are. You don't know exactly, um, what is the level that they're expecting of you. If you can pass that, and maybe you can also think that you're just one mistake away from being detected that you should not be there. What do you think? Could we change this kind of nat, uh, sorry. For me, I think the imposter syndrome was true until I succeeded at a major airline. After that, still for a little while, I went like, or, you know. You know, did, did I? Did I just- did I really deserve this? But come a point, you know, you worked so hard, you clearly worked in the right direction. And come a point, I sort of felt validated. Now, basically British Airways always told me, yes, you belong here. You know what you've done was good enough by our standards. And so my imposter syndrome stopped there. Come a point after being an experienced co-pilot, you don't have an, I didn't have an imposter syndrome wondering whether I could be a captain. Uh, I, I, I, I was anxious whether I was gonna, you know, I was, whether I was gonna pass the course 'cause it was a very hard course at Emirates, but there was no imposter syndrome, no. For me, it stopped really at, at the time, uh, at the time of this big interview, because the main worry I had about being an imposter was whether my training was sufficient, whether, whether I had not skimmed on something that I shouldn't have skimmed on. So, like I said, this got kind of. Dealt with during the gap training that I did. Um, and, but still, you know, until you are actually validated, it's, you kind of wonder whether they're gonna see through you and the stuff that you are not, you don't want to mention whether they're gonna actually see it. Uh, So, yeah. And do you think that maybe this, uh, we could change this kind of culture so that people feel more, how to say that they can open up about what is happening to them? Well, so, so here now we're talking more about getting people to, um, to say when they're struggling. Um, I mean, also during flight training had better and worse flights. Um, I. Honestly, I, during flight school, although my flight school, like I said, I, I wasn't very confident with them. I think I, I was kind of on schedule. I, I didn't really experience that. Uh, but I know for now working often and going at ATOs, I see students all the time. Probably students just like those who are watching at the moment. And some of them speak to me during the break and I, I can see that they are, uh, they are struggling. They're struggling because they had a bad flight or a bad couple of flights in a row, and maybe an instructor who was harsh on them. And you know, they, um, and they don't know how to deal with it. And they, they feel that, um, they, they feel this imposter syndrome. They also feel a big, big, uh, crisis of confidence. Um, and for all of them, in fact, who've spoken to me like this. And just because, just because I was an experienced pilot who was there for them and I, all we did was just sit down and talk and it kind of- It was enough to get them to through and get remotivated. And, and then all of them are now set in, uh, fly deck. I remember one. In particular who she, she was, she was, she was a very pleasant person. And, but she'd been badly affected by the attitude of a, of an instructor who had been very ha- very old fashioned and harsh. And she told me she was gonna give up. And right now she's flying, I believe for SAS. So, you know, it's often just takes, admitting it, speaking about it, it doesn't take that much, um, to get out of a, of a hole, you know. Well, as, as you mentioned, having someone who has more experience and they, them telling you the stories about how they have struggled, but they have overcome it. I think that also counts a lot, is just to have this open dialogue, with people who can, you can think about them as mentors, for example, but even, of course, with your peers. Yes, and I, you know, I was speaking with, uh, you know, we, this series is derived from some articles that are on our website that, uh, were co-written between you and Rebecca, who, she's, uh, she's the lead creator of our Operational Procedures Course, of course, that I recommend that you take a look at. Um, and she, she was saying, you know, it's, uh, it, it's fine to, to take some time, uh, and to not always compare yourself to others. For instance, uh, when I was telling her, well, um, you know, um, uh, when it could, it's if, if you take more than 10 hours to go solo, maybe, maybe people could sort of question whether they're good enough. And she was like, well, there are some people who, uh, who take 15 hours, 20 hours to go solo. It just, they needed to get through a blockage and now they're flying at an airline. So, and uh, and then I went like, actually that's true. I went solo quite quickly. Um, but then it took me, I think 62 hours to complete my PPL because I, I was changing, um, aero clubs all the time and I wasn't applied and somehow, uh, I, I, I wasn't very good as a private pilot. I mean, most people are, you know, it really takes you going through the CPL to really get some skill and, and be in control of what you're doing. Um, but I, I would say I was an under average PPL. So it's not because you have a slow start in something and it could happen to you at the beginning of the CPL. You could be below the curve of what normal progression is just so long. All you can do is do what is in front of you. Work constantly. Work, work, work, work, work through struggles, work through success. Continue to put in the work regularly. You cannot control what life has in store for you. You can control what's in front of you. And, uh, and, and be in the present and do your best in the present. That's the only thing you can control. I definitely agree with that. Also, just, uh, what this made me, uh, what you reminded me of something that, uh, it's so important to remember of what you did right before, so that because you got here, from, let's say if you think back where you were a couple of years ago, you overcame all of those hurdles and you can overcome the next one too. There is this little tip that I would like to give. It's a personal favorite of mine. I. Personally, keep a positive folder in my computer every time I do something, right? Every time I get a good feedback or an achievement, I save it. So any time that I struggle with something and I don't think that I can do it, I just look at that because that is proof how far I've come. And I think that you could try that too. Yes, you could try that. You can try, uh, also gratitude lists. Anything that is, you know, that's positive. Because at the end of the day, if you've put the right level of energy into your work and into the universe, if you're the best person that you can be in your personal life, come a point. You know, things are gonna turn around. And if you're going through a bad patch. Uh, come a point, the universe is gonna look after you. And I'm a big believer of that. You know, uh, I, I've been through ups and downs in, in life. My career has been, it's been good. Although at the end it ended. Uh, but it's also because I wanted to get back to France and I have family issues to deal with. But you know, there are just, there's just so much you can control, but what you really can control is the present moment. And if you, right now, you're struggling as you're watching this video, just, just focus on your next flight, do your best for your next flight. And if even that doesn't work perfectly, that's fine. Continue and work for the next. You know, um, and that's one day you, you'll get this, this click, just like I did, uh, after my PPL at some point, during my CPL training, I, I did a really good CPL actually because I had a really good instructor. It only took a really good instructor. The reason I was not so good in my PPL is that change instructors a lot, and it was in an aero club, so it was associative and not professional. But the day I got, I got an excellent instructor in CPL and he changed my life, he's changed everything for me. Sometimes it just takes one encounter, one person to get something to click in your mind. Until you meet that person, you'll never know what your future can be. So for this, you need to turn up in your life one day at a time and, Exactly, and until then, consider every, well, even if you would call them failures, consider all of those as an opportunity. I would say, because those, those things, even if you can't do 100% of what you wanted to give, that just brings you closer to your goal. That's a- important part to remember. Good. Well, there were quite a lot of things I'm looking on, on our notes here that we wanted to talk about, where one of them is financial stress, um, which, which piles up on every pilot. Um, it's something that we, uh, it's a very hot topic for us because we, we know that it's the case. You know, you, you, you, you get through flight training and then you arrive at the end and invariably the amount of money you thought you would spend has, has increased by 10 to 20% just because. Well, you didn't realize that housing was so expensive. You, you, you maybe didn't factor on factor any, your living and travel costs accurately. Maybe you had to do a few extra flights for this or that reason. Maybe you had to stay on site for, for one more month because the weather was bad where you were, um, and or maybe you didn't budget for your gap training, which is again, that's what we do. It makes a huge difference in how you are going to be able to transform this investment into something that works for you. And a lot of people are surprised they have to do a type rating, but we recommend that you do this because this will set you apart and get you to a job quicker. All of this can, this financial strain is, um, is there when you sign the loan, most people have to go through a loan if you, if you do well, um, you sign the papers, but when the date of this first repayment starts to come, then the stress really piles on. And then your environment and your family is the people who, you know, co-sign this loan or the, you know, the, maybe maybe your spouse or whoever will start to go like, "Hey, we need to make money now. Money needs to come in." And if you, if by that time you've not managed to land a job in an airline. Then likely you're going to be pushed by your, your family to get a job somewhere else, which I recommend. If you have to do that, you still keep it into in aviation somewhere at an airport one way or another. But this can be very stressful, which is why we really meditate heavily for you succeeding. Getting that first job fast, and this is why you don't want to waste opportunities. It's really the mission that we have is to, to, uh, reduce the anxiety that we've been talking about by getting you through that, that first door and succeeding at your interviews, uh, first thing, so you don't either have yet another bigger problem, which is, geez, now I failed one. Am I, I now having a bigger imposter syndrome on the next one. You know, I didn't get validated. Now, maybe I wasn't meant to do this after all. Maybe what my family's telling me that I should go and work in another area. Maybe they're right. All of this is, is a terrible state of mind to be in. And if it doesn't, usually it doesn't happen after the first failure. I find that people fail once then, on the second one, their family still behind them and they're still, but if they fell twice. Now, you know, time has passed and now, people around them must try, try and give them the good advice of, "Hey, you know, this, it's okay. Maybe, you know, maybe you should think of doing something else." Which, which is terrible. I mean, I know for me it happened to, uh, it happened to me after I failed Air France. And I remember my father-in-law, who I didn't like very much, he told me, "yeah, you know, you should maybe go back to your old career." And I went like, I'm gonna show you, you know, my, my, my ego went- "help me" because it re-motivated me. But I know that if I had failed again, come a point, it would've weighed on me. You know? Um, and I, I, and I hear, I meet very courageous pilots who come after to come, come and meet us after two or three failures and they still fighting, and then they get through, uh, our gap training, and then most of them end up succeeding on the first attempt after they come with us, sometimes at the second attempt. But it, it takes a- how much pain, how much pain, and how much unnecessary pain. Uh, 'cause being anxious is painful, you know? So, Hmm. sorry, I've spoken for a long time now. I thought, uh, discussing about financial strain, uh, strain was quite important in this episode. Yes, definitely, definitely. It also has, has a, lot of, uh, it has just an, an additional strain on yourself, but honestly, everything that you highlighted, I could not agree more. Should we wrap it up, uh, Dana and we'll, we'll highlight some further points in the next episode? Yeah, that sounds very nice. It was lovely to speak with you and, uh, well, everybody who is here, it was nice to have you as an audience. We'll, uh, see you in the next episode. See you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MuhammedSaidAbbas [1 likes]: The anxiety and stress on an self sponsored type rating for an individual coupled with bad instructors or ATO more interested in making money than teaching effectively could weigh heavily on the candidate as to lead to failure as the fear of failing and losing the large sum of money can constantly haunt the student. A student sponsored by a comoany has less to worry.
  2. @PilotYaj [1 likes]: Thank you very much Guillaume and Dana for this episode. It’s incredibly comforting knowing that you understand exactly what pilots go through for selections and getting their first job from the discussed factors from the onset of training programs. It helps to put human emotions and psychology into perspective of this stringent profession. Really looking forward for the next one!
  3. @GB7-l1h: It is so stressful. All these tests, Sims, checks.. when you start to fail also it is hard to stop it, it is like a spiral .
I wouldn’t care if i didn’t have a loan or savings.
I would probably fly way better as well.
  4. @patrickheneghan2794: Great wisdom on here..presented in a very human and attractive way..Thanking you both.

- Mastering Stress in the Cockpit: Tips for Pilots from an F-16 Veteran: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey welcome I'm John Waters co-founder E3 Aviation today we are going to talk about stress we're going to talk about stress in the cockpit now this is something that people have phds for I don't have a PhD in it I'm just going to talk about some of my experiences of how to manage stress in the cockpit or scenarios where I have encountered stress in the cockpit that maybe you can take away and apply to situation you will undoubtedly find yourself in at some point if you continue down the path of Aviation but stress in the cockpit it is something that will always be there whether you're the most seasoned pilot in the world or you're just starting out it could be for the season pilot it could be weather it could be aircraft malfunctions just like it could be for a new pilot maybe you're trying to get your family down to the beach or something you know uh these can vary just depending upon where you are in the world but nonetheless stress always be there everyone will always have check rides these are things that exist now my background coming from the F-16 world I would say prepared me fairly well for stressful situations the most stressful situations I encountered in F16 were really bad weather days with heavyweight Landings and poor visibility with bad braking including break failures to troops in contact who absolutely need your ordinance on target as quickly as humanly possible so that they don't get killed that is a very stressful situation how did I manage what are some things that I did in those F-16 scenarios well I can say fortunately it fell back on my training right establishing a solid training plan is huge now maybe you're going through a Private Pilot syllabus right you're going to do your your normal your normal flights well outside of that syllabus putting yourself mentally as you sit and drink coffee of hey what would I do if this happened my engine failed right after takeoff hey what would I do if I'm flying down the beach in my engine failed what would I do if I somehow I end up VFR and now I'm VFR on top of the weather and I wasn't anticipating that the cloud deck built up below me and I can't get back do I turn around I talk to ATC what do I do putting yourself in those scenarios is equivalent and it is your cheap simulator if you will that I had available to me in the F-16 right so F-16 I'm going to be doing simulator training I'm going to be doing actual spin-up rides combat prep rides working with jtacs and things like that it still doesn't deescalate the stress and the heart rate in the moment but you fall back onto that training you're not trying to figure it out at that moment so thinking about the bad things that can happen before they happen to you is a great way to help manage that stress as you go through because what happens you know if you get in put in this real stressful scenario the worst thing would be to not make a decision ultimately like you just got to make a decision when it comes to Aviation you know do you lower the nose do you turn for the runway do you turn for the road do you turn for the field what what do you do that stress can lead to indecision and indecision is what kills so thinking about the bad things ahead of time is a great way to kind of help manage and mitigate that stress knowing that you're going to have stress when you go out on a flight now as you Mission plan as you prep for your flight there is a perfect time to identify the stressors for that day you'll hear about CRM or omm operational risk management everyone got a different flavor of what they call it but going out there what's the weather today is there Runway closure are there any nms is there a TFR out there what are some of the things what are the threats out there that could induce threats and impact my flight by thinking and planning for those ahead of time your minimizing the surprises that go out there because the last thing we want to be in aviation is surprise surprise is never a good thing so think about the things before you go out there think about the things that could go south when you're again you're sitting there having a cup of coffee in the morning and you're not on the flying schedule or you don't have a flight that week you can also learn from others like YouTube is a great resource hopefully we'll have some great resources that you enjoy here as well but there's so much content out there where you can go learn from other people's mistakes but rather than just sit there and think about like oh or say like ah I would never do that what an idiot I don't know maybe maybe put yourself in that scenario that's one of the things that I've learned in my Aviation career it's those of have and those a will so at some point it's going to happen to you if you're prepared for it hopefully you're able to mitigate and capture the error where it doesn't create an unrecoverable event but I've had very experienced buddies who have rejoined on cell phone tower at night you're like how is that even possible well throw some mvgs on where with no depth perception and when the stars look like cell phone towers and planes look like cell phone towers it can happen and those are the type things that people don't anticipate that's pretty dramatic right you're probably not going to be throwing on mvgs when you're out there flying and you're 172 but you'll have check rides check ride that's a stressful thing right I can't tell you how many check rides I've had in this this point in my life I I hate check rides I think every pilot hates check rides but they don't stress me out now I just fly the sorty the way I would always fly I always fly like there is a a Check Airman behind me watching or there's a evaluator on my wing I'm not going to do anything different than I would normally do Airborne if I make a mistake cuz guess what you're going to make a mistake every single flight I make a mistake every single flight identifying that mistake capturing it as early as possible and rectifying it is the way to win sometimes there recoverable when is a check ride sometimes is not you'll take your hits you'll move on but when it comes to stress in the cockpit this is something that's going to happen so you just tell yourself go out the gate there are stressors out there identify them as early as possible so that you can mitigate them in Flight you're not caught by them let's say you're caught by them in flight this is one of those things where the compartmentalization piece is huge when it comes to Aviation so if you get surprised by something uh call it an engine failure well there's not a whole lot of time to think about it you just got to put your critical action procedures into effect and lay in the plane right like it's kind of a yes no uh type scenario there but maybe you find yourself above the weather and you didn't anticipate that well what tools do you have so you go back on the aviate navigate communicate well I got to aviate first so don't crash the plane is a plane going to crash if let's say You're A Private Pilot not instrument rated and you end up somehow trapped above the weather nope plane's going to keep flying maybe say you're in IMC is the plane going to keep flying yeah so long as you get on the ADI keep your wings level and do that what's probably something you need to do next well you probably need to use the radio so that aviate navigate communicate you're aviating you're navigating holding Wings level flying you're heading and then you need to start talking to an air traffic controller and see what options you have available maybe they can help you need to declare an emergency you need to get a let down use your VFR car procedures of just nice slow descent again it might depend that's down in the weeds right but that would be a very stressful thing to find yourself in figure out what tools you have available so you can again safely fly the plane and get it back to where it needs to go compartmentalize the bad thing deal with that when you get on the ground and you're at 1G and zero knots hopefully this helps again people have phds and Stress Management breathing techniques and stuff like that probably is not going to be a great thing when you're flying around an airplane you need to think about it beforehand as best you can to prepare yourself that when those things pop up you're not completely caught off guard and if you are completely caught off guard aviate navigate communicate and you'll probably be all right all right till next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @VictorMariano-c1u [1 likes]: Awesome video
  2. @VictoryAviation [1 likes]: This is packed full of great info. I think even if student pilots don’t know what a JTAC, TIC, or a sortie is, there’s still excellent training value here.

Thank you team for putting out another fantastic video!

- Mark Smith on What It's Like to Be a Fighter Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en the jurogan experience i got a text from pete's brat the og that's why and pete spratt let me know about your background like i did not know you were a fighter pilot i did not know that you did you work at area 51 i cannot confirm or deny that i worked at nellis air force base which is okay in that general vicinity so so you can't talk about like experimental [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or anything like that you know what i did the first thing i did at nellis was when i flew into thunderbirds right and then i went away for a couple assignments and then when i came back i was an aggressor and if you remember the movie top gun you know viper and all those guys were in the camouflage planes they acted as the enemy forces and trained blue forces before they go off to combat that's what i did the second time around so the nellis ranges are probably up in that general vicinity but as far as being someone that worked at that now i worked at nellis air force base oh we flew in that okay in that general area i don't believe you i think you're lying now now i think you're holding back did you feel it jamie all of a sudden he's like smiling i don't know the answers of the question you guys don't want guys in dark suits and shades to come in here and be like uh mr smith we needed i already talked to those dudes they're good guys they're just trying to protect us from the aliens you know the crazy thing is in that area when people used to think they would see ufos and stuff like that you know there's a book that came out a couple years ago called red eagles that explained a lot of that stuff going on and what they thought were ufos or you know transportation planes that were landing at some of the bases and stuff up there yeah a lot of people see wacky [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah the first time i ever saw a stealth bomber i was uh i was filming fear factor in um palmdale which is uh near was it edwards uh right by edwards yeah and i saw a stealth bomber flying overhead i swear to god i thought it was darth vader when you see one of those things in real life you would think especially if you didn't know that the united states was developing one of those like when they were first developing them and flying them before they made it public that thing looks like it's from another world so as part of you say that so when i was on thunderbirds we do incentivize like media personalities and other people and i was out at our training area which is over death valley and we're talking to the navy controllers and they come over and say you know i was thunderbird too t-bird two i need you to fly straight and level for five minutes so there's gonna be aircraft off your nose i need you to you know diverge to the right and stay away from it i'm like what in the world is this so i threw my radar out there which should snag anything out there and i'm getting these intermittent hits and i go i don't see anything on the radar next thing you know i look up and i go what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] has happened and i look up and it's a b2 that has you know an escort plane right next to it that comes right next to i looked at it for the first time and i go there's they're aliens out here this is some kind of space that thing yeah i mean look at that that does not look like it's from here yep that absolutely looks like it's from another world yeah like all those when people talk about seeing those triangular spacecrafts in the sky i mean maybe some of them are from another planet yeah so if you've never seen one of those and like for me as a pilot perspective i've never seen anything like that you know you hear about the f-117 from the gulf war and you see this big thing coming towards you and that's what everybody always reports too a triangular object with like a light on each corner i mean that is a stealth bomber yep that's a crazy looking aircraft man yeah so i had somebody in my back seat that was like oh my god what is that what is that thing coming by i mean if we thought that we were being invaded and then you saw things like that flying overhead that that is what i would imagine they would be flying they came from another planet that thing is out at whiteman air force base you know you see it flying out there all the time so there are folks here in the local area there to see it taking off are there some new ones that they haven't released yet i don't know so i retired about eight years ago right i heard a crazy story one day that someone was hunting up in montana and saw something similar to that that he had never seen before that like came out of the ground in like a vertical type thing and then took off which you know the f-35 and planes like that will take off some of them in a vertical stance and then go forward but to see something that size and that scale do something it kind of makes me wish i was still in the military just so you could be in the know that's right what so which one can do that and take off the f-35 yeah so there's a couple variants um so the air force one does traditional rolling takeoff but the marine one you know it's almost like a harrier so the the back engine will rotate so it'll take off vertical and then as it's going forward the engine will rotate back the other way to give it forward propulsion but man just technology wise the stuff that we're flying now so i will tell you this the first time i fought on the range against the f-22 raptor and i've fought against everything in the world so out of nellis with the aggressors everybody comes there to train to get prepared for combat there's no better plane in the world than the f-22 when that thing passed me and some of the stuff that i saw i could do i go there's no better plane in the world so as far as air superiority f22 is at the top of the food chain what is the difference it's f-22 is primarily air superiority you know so like air-to-air dog fighting long-range short-range missiles uh f-35 is you know a command and control platform it still has weapons on it can drop bombs shoot missiles etc but the role is a little bit different so yeah that's the f-22 you go to an air show and see that thing you're like is that a plane or a helicopter with some of the stuff that it does but fighting against that you know as a fighter pilot your average fighter pilot is the cockiest person that you would ever meet in the world just like top gun exactly that's all real we're better than everybody that's our philosophy but it's very happy to have that philosophy all right i mean look at that look at that that's insane oh my god that's insane it just shoots straight up in the sky oh my god i mean it doesn't even look like a real a real plane that that is a mean machine right there so i got friends that fly that plane and you know you see it hey it's designed in combat you know the united states is still going to be at top of the food chain as far as the personnel that we have the men and women that fly these airplanes and then the equipment that we're flying you're not going to find anything to match it that's incredible that turn that it just made in the sky so is that what the the maneuverability of it is that what's superior what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's insane so thrust factoring on the back you know plus the flight controls i mean look he just flat plated that and wow the amount of thrust is coming out of it so you know internal avionics the stealth capability and the maneuverability of it nothing in the world is going to be that but they can't fly very long right you know uh it's it's a total package so whenever you go to combat or something you're going to have tanker support out there so you're going to meet a you know air refueler up at 20 000 feet and get gas nothing can carry external fuel tanks but the goal is to be able to plan a mission to be able to go in escort have guys drop your bombs or do whatever and get back out with tanker support you know there's always that philosophy without the gas you know no one is going to go so like when i was in iraq and stuff we take off in saudi arabia fly an hour up meet a tanker go fly a five hour mission come back to the tanker get more gas go out and fly for another couple hours and then go back to the base how long can that fly for you know i don't know it obviously depends on how hard you got the gas down right i think in the f-16 if we stayed in full after burner for you know five minutes you probably run out of gas five minutes or it could be quicker than that now the goal is endurance you obviously want to be able to stay out there to maintain the yeah you know go the length of your mission um but you look at the length of the mission and fuel capacity and the goal is obviously to have somebody there as a backup because you never want to be out there by yourself you always want to have that support you know so you may have guys that are sitting back here in a cap waiting for their turn to come in you run out of gas up front now you swap out those guys come back in so total protection so until they come up with something superior to internal combustion engines we're always going to be limited by the amount of fuel they can carry just because of the weight right so as far as endurance yes now capabilities are the plane most fighter planes have a g capability of nine g's and actually you know times a force of gravity do you wear a g-suit we did wear g-suits so in a fourth generation like a f-15 f-16 is a fourth generation fighter we wore g-suits on the abdomen and down on the legs and basically what that does as you pull g's you're going against gravity and blood starts to drain from your brain down into your lower extremities so the g suit is just a capability to help counter it it's really a tightening restriction of your muscles starting with your calves hamstrings buttocks all the way up and we do the hooking yeah the hook you hook and that's really to hold the oxygen in and what that does is lock everything down to hopefully hold the blood up in your brain as long as possible i told you i flew with the blue angels once and when i did that i i got to seven and a half g's before i couldn't take it anymore so did you start to gray out or yeah tunnel vision yeah it was like an elevator door was closing yeah and you know i'm doing that so it's weird because people think it's you know two g's would be one greater than one three g's is one greater than two but when you start to get above five it's not a plus one it's exponential oh so when you start to get to seven so six is ten oh yeah that's what it feels like and you can't explain how it feels but nine g's is absolutely i mean you get back home that night from straining and everything you know measles what it looks like little we call them jesus where your blood vessels will actually start to pop oh wow and you get these little specks on from straining so hard that you're popping blood vessels but the goal is obviously not to fall asleep we call it fall asleep in airplane glu uh yes of consciousness uh g-lock is what it's called if you do that and you're in the air it may take you 30 seconds to a minute to be able to come back to any kind of capacity and if that happens you know the majority of time is going to be catastrophic i uh made it through that and then i blacked out on the way back because i didn't hook on the way back because i thought i got cocky i thought we're good and we made a hard turn and i think i blacked out at like five like four and a half or five it wasn't even that much compared to seven and a half yeah if you're not ready at four you know people are like oh i can do g's you get on a roller coaster that's like a half a g or one g i blacked out exponentially and i threw up it was double embarrassing did they make you wear a g suit no no g suit see the reason they don't wear a g-suit is because in close formation if you wear a g-suit the g-suit is going to fill with air to help with that restriction on your legs and in the f-18 they have a center control stick and they rest their arm on their right leg and if that g suit is moving up and down it's going to move your control stick so the f-16 has a side stick controller where it doesn't touch your leg at all i mean it's like you recline back in the seat and the side stick controller so we can wear a g-suit so it won't affect precision you know moving your arm back and forth is there any other technology that they've invented to deal with gravity like that just the sheer force of the acceleration so not just a g-suit but you will have uh induced pressure breathing you know so you wear a specific kind of oxygen mask and that's gonna force air into your system because the one thing you would hate to do is just hold your breath it's like a three second count you know you do that hook and then it's a three second count exhale inhale right quick and as part of that pressure breathing would you exhale and open your mouth it's going to force air back in with that pressure breathing system so with the two of those together and then we combine it with you got to be in shape you know you got to lift weights you got to have some kind of cardio conditioning to be able to last because it's one thing to be strong enough to hold that you know g position but then you do a 45 minute you know dog fighting mission your body's going to get tired so you got to be able to sustain that the entire time so most fighter pilots are going to lift weights they're going to do you know extreme cardio exercises to be able to sustain but anything else other than that it was kind of weird back in the day it would be go drink a coke and a bag of doritos and get that sugar rust for that 45-minute flight and be able to sustain through it really it's more of a health conscious thing now you know the total package staying in shape i guess they're just smarter now about it probably a lot the blue angel guy that i flew with was a tank and the dude was swole he was like joelle romero he was jacked you know that was philosophy because when i was on the team i'm six one i probably weighed 230 to 35 that's large for a fighter pilot right the the cockpit was extremely tight usually they're smaller guys because is that a thing with the the the gravity it's easier to sustain gravity it is a it's a height limitation so you can't be so tall when your head is up against the top of the canopy oh that's all it is but you also can't be that short where you can't see over the dashboard but there's a weight limitation too you know you can't be below a minimum weight because if you ever had to eject and you're below let's say 125 pounds that parachute is going to drag you you won't be able to stop uh or if you're above you know whatever the weight is 250 265 you're going to come down in that parachute pretty hard and you're probably going to get hurt yeah they can't make custom [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for you nope no and it's the same basic fighter so the thunderbirds it's a you know it's a frontline fighter that they take someone they take the gun out and they put a smoke barrel in it but it's the same basic avionics the same basic controls and it's just painted red white and blue and all the professionals that are the maintenance guys for the thunderbirds the best in the world the finest in the world and i had four of the finance when i was on the team they take them off of active duty lines and bring them nellis air force base and do all the stuff on the planes but catch new episodes of the joe rogan experience for free only on spotify watch back catalog jre videos on spotify including clips easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience on spotify you can listen to the jre in the background while using other apps and can download episodes to save on data cost all for free spotify is absolutely free you don't have to have a premium account to watch new jre episodes you just need to search for the jre on your spotify app go to spotify now to get this full episode of the joe rogan experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @hhggggg-j7y [1 likes]: 3:38 the B-21 Raider
  2. @bonnie3232: Amazing pilot. Amazing man. Thank you for yoyr service.
  3. @GurthBoyardee: Miss this Joe.
  4. @adipoem: This guy is like Osho; never blinks. Amazing.
  5. @Boarskiesrus: Man, what happened to Joe old school Joe smiles Smurfs and ask about classified information lol now he’s just going along with the program like a post Charlie Kirk turning point USA RIP Charlie
  6. @sherlockholmez8764: Doing 400mph in a F15 is like doing 25mph in a Vette. Sippin that fuel.
  7. @brandonbeeler2954: The triangle has all straight lines it doesn’t look like that aircraft.
  8. @brandonfromlondonuk3484: YOU AMERICANS ARE SO NARCISSISTIC THAT YOU THINK IF ALIENS CAME TO EARTH THEY WILL LAND IN AMERICA AND ONLY AMERICA  SMFH
  9. @mckenziejenkins2194: What Charlie Kirk say about DEI again???
  10. @michaels9874: Mike sullivan !
  11. @tomservo5347: A sister lived near Whiteman AFB and yes, those B-2's are unearthly looking except they're LOUD when going overhead.
  12. @user-er4xo2zl4r: The Ayatollah of Rock Rolla
  13. @bradbenjamine550: It takes off that way to use the earth rotation to save fuel.
  14. @nathansyupp1137: I would think someone that actually flew at, and for, a top secret location, could come up with something better than " I can't confirm or deny that"
  15. @softailspringer9915: Dude is for real!
  16. @ClappageClips: Visit Palm Springs Air Museum and you can see a Night Hawk in the hanger. It’s one of the best Air Museums in all of America.
  17. @JamesSchmidt-h4x: Love hearing our service men and women talk!!!!!
  18. @MisfitMayhem: I know there are 6 pilots that chased an orb over south carolina back in 2018😢....
  19. @brustertootwopointo4644: The war is not in the air, it's those who are on our streets already infiltrating our country and those who have allowed it to happen!
  20. @gsc1171: Retired ex airline and military pilot here.
Friend's wife worked for the Lockheed Skunkworks years ago. When asked about advanced aircraft, her comment was " you'll see these aircraft in 30 years time"!

- Fighter Pilot Breaks Down Every Fighter Jet From Top Gun: Maverick | WIRED: Kind: captions Language: en-US - My name is Matthew Buckley. My call sign is Whiz, and I'm a fighter pilot. [upbeat music] I'm going to explain each and every fighter jet in "Top Gun: Maverick". So I originally saw the first "Top Gun" in 1986. It was one of the worst things that ever happened to me. As a result of that movie, everybody wanted to be a Navy fighter pilot, so I had to study and try even harder. Well, the first thing I think of when I see the F-14 Tomcat is a target. Big airplane, big radar in the front, and massive missiles. A sidewinder, which is a heat-seeking missile, the sparrow, the radar missile, and the big stick called a phoenix that could shoot probably a hundred plus miles down range. In the mid '80s when the original "Top Gun" came out, the F-14 Tomcat was the preeminent fighter. It's mission objective was fleet air defense, responsible for protecting the entire carrier battle group from the Soviet hoard of bombers that would attack. At its time, the F-14 Tomcat was a pretty maneuverable aircraft - An F-14? We don't even know if that [bleep] can fly. - I think Rooster nailed it and I think he was being nice. We also called it a bullet sponge. So on a good day in the United States Navy it would be a chore to get an F-14 Tomcat Airborne, let alone in a foreign country that doesn't have the same spare parts or the maintenance folks. There's only one nation on the face of the planet that still flies the Tomcat and it's Iran. But to be that tactically proficient after not flying that jet for a couple years, just a little bit of a stretch, in my opinion. Pure love, it's the most beautiful airplane on the face of the planet. The F/A-18 Hornet is the first multi role fighter attack aircraft, a single seat twin engine aircraft and it can fly up to mach 1.7, mach 1.8, but the F-18 can carry all sorts of weapons, air to air, all the way up to GPS guided weapons. And you can even throw gas tanks on the airplane and it can also serve as a tanker aircraft as well. [engines roaring] The filmmakers in "Top Gun: Maverick" just did an absolutely incredible job. The aviation scenes had me moving in my seat and squeezing my muscles together as if I was actually in the aircraft. When you're flying in an F-18 down at 25 feet going that fast, your senses are absolutely heightened. You even sneeze and it's over with. As the aircraft flies that low to the ground, the air can't get out of the way of the jet fast enough and actually kicks up all of that dirt. The skill required to do that is pretty incredible. A former blue angel actually flew that maneuver. - Level out, Coyote. - Coyote experiences what we call G-LOC, G loss of consciousness. When you start pulling multiple Gs, for example, I'm 200 pounds, at eight Gs, it's like a 1600 pound safe is sitting on top of me. The blood's leaving your head. So you actually gotta squeeze your legs and your abs to try and keep you from passing out. And if you lose consciousness, at least back in the day when I started flying fighters, you die. The Ground Collision Avoidance system is a system that we have today. The jet will give you a couple opportunities to pull up. It'll start yelling at you and if you don't respond 'cause you're out, the jet will level the wings automatically and climb you away from danger. - Coyote! - Pull up! - Coyote, Coyote! - Spent nearly, almost 3000 hours in this airplane. One of my first true loves, Susie, don't kill me, and it just, it's a part of me. It's a piece of who I am. I just smile when I see this aircraft, just the beautiful lines of this airplane, the hum of the engine, the Rolls Royce or the Merlin engine. They can do about 400 to 450 miles an hour, very maneuverable airplane for its generation. The P-51 Mustang is a World War II fighter aircraft that was used to escort bombers to strike on Germany but could also be used in ground attack missions to strafe enemy tanks. [engine roaring] Tom Cruise actually owns his own. You can buy a P-51 Mustang, unfortunately for a couple million bucks. It is not a cheap aircraft to own or operate. So the F-35, interesting looking aircraft, not as sexy looking as the F-18 Hornet. The F-35 Lightning can go about mach 1.6 about 1200 miles per hour. If you actually look at the aircraft, it's a lifting body, aerodynamic, so it can glide. The single engine also rotates. So the nozzle actually moves to make the aircraft turn tighter in a turn circle and also to fire off weapons. So the first time we see the F-35 Lightning 2, we see it on the flight deck of the USS Abraham Lincoln, CVN-72, which was the ship I did my first deployment on in 1995. The F-35 is definitely a fifth generation aircraft. Many fifth generation aircraft are their own self-contained strike package, so to speak. Back in the day when I flew we'd have F-14 Tomcats doing air superiority, A-6s doing bombing, and we'd also have jamming aircraft. Many fifth generation aircraft are all three of those in one. They have electronic warfare capability that can jam the enemy's radar and communications. They have air to air and air to ground capability as well. Plus the stealth features are just off the charts. So fifth generation aircraft, if you go up and touch them, it'll actually feel a little spongy, because they have radar absorbent material. Aside from the exterior radar absorbent coating of the aircraft, they internalize the weapons. If there's anything hanging off of a fighter jet, that reflects radar energy. So all the weapons are internalized in a fifth generation aircraft. So the SU-57 Felon, very appropriately named because they stole this. This is essentially the F-35 ski, so to speak. So the SU-57 Felon is essentially the F-35 copy paste. Similar weapon systems, similar electronic warfare capabilities. It's one of the only aircraft outside of helicopters that can actually tell if it's being locked up by an infrared missile and it can actually shoot at that warhead and disintegrate it or disable it. It's called DIRCM, direct infrared countermeasures. Today, dog fighting is extremely rare. When our enemy pilot leaves his house and gets to the air station, we know that that's already happened. If you're in a dog fight in today's day and age, a lot of things have broken down. Whenever you're doing a dog fight, it's who can turn tighter. It wasn't too realistic because the SU-57 can carry some pretty serious air to air missiles. So if I were the SU-57 Felon driver, I would've pitched out of the visual range of the dog fight, went out a couple miles and turned around and shot Maverick in the face with a radar missile. But I wasn't the director. The dark star as depicted in Top Gun Maverick, although a fictional aircraft or maybe not. - This is Dark Star, we are taxiing with information alpha. - So the Dark Star jet might actually be real, developed in what we call the Skunk Works. The Skunk Works is out in the middle of the Mojave Desert where they develop all of our black box type of aircraft. If you can think about it, it probably exists. There's probably guys and gals in a windowless room over air conditioned with Mountain Dew and pizzas designing it and building it. [intense music] The Dark Star aircraft is kind of based on the SR-71 Blackbird. It was a very high altitude aircraft on the edge of space that could do reconnaissance. On demand recon, as we call it. Kind of looks stealthy, very sleek, very fast. And it also has hyper cruise engines. So for example, an F-18 Hornet that I flew to get supersonic full left hand forward, full max afterburner lot of dinosaurs being burned, lot of fire out of the back. As technology and engines improve, lot less fire required, lot less energy required to get to a certain point. And based on how the airframe is designed, it can actually super cruise, so it can fly faster, longer, and on less fuel required and less fire. So Maverick more or less destroys the Dark Star aircraft, not a career enhancing move. I just happened to break a $65 million F-18 Hornet. I went from the edge of space to straight down at the Pacific doing about mach 1.7 and I overstressed the aircraft. That was not career enhancing either, but I saved the aircraft. I didn't eject like Maverick did. So let's just say I got out as a lieutenant. I don't know how he made it to captain busting up airplanes like that, but after destroying the Dark Star, he certainly isn't gonna get selected for admiral. It's not incredibly difficult to fly a fighter jet, and I know that might sound a little crazy based on how it looks, but the training is so good. I'm a poor kid from South Jersey, South Philadelphia, and I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed. And if I can do it just about everybody can do it as well.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sebrr [4 likes]: 1:35 sadly, reports are saying with the recent US and israeli strikes that this is no longer the case and there are now no F14s still being flown 🥺
  2. @picklegod693 [2 likes]: I saw this guy on Fox News yesterday
  3. @Nameorus [2 likes]: 6:53 I always saw the SU-57 as more of a F-22 copy because of the similar shape and nozzle design.
  4. @finfin3001 [1 likes]: 1:37 not anymore
  5. @JamesYork-g7z [1 likes]: 1:40 not anymore cooch
  6. @CritStrike01: The fact he said about the Darkstar “although a fictional aircraft… or maybe not” had me dying 😂
  7. @jonathanbledsoe5690: Did you know the su-57 has an rcs or radar cross section of an f/a-18 so not stealth at best reduced visibility
  8. @eurologic: No F-15, F-22?
  9. @krupajac9936: Isn't the SU57 a copy if the F22 and not F35??
  10. @arthahpathak5419: 6:56 just simply not true in no way shape or form is the su57 stolen. Only thing similar is that both the aircrafts are 5th gen “kinda stealthy but not raptor stealthy BVR/WVR mixes)
  11. @eldiablorobotico9917: Only an F18 pilot would say the F18 is the most beautiful😂
  12. @Nomnidji: Tempting.... I might be one if the pilot if ww3 brokeout given what my country had probably ill fly in f16😅
  13. @setsunaes: Spongy? Really? Well that's something new in my back catalog of things to say when I'm with the crew
  14. @amko7693: F18 is a neutered puppy. Let it be a tanker aircraft.
  15. @Junaid_Patel: Whiz you are so humble
  16. @williamo2066: Never mentioned that L-39 Albatross right behind him.  Probably a privately owned plane.
  17. @Ahimsachan: What about the F-5 tiger rip in the original Top Gun? The ‘migs’.
  18. @scumbucket666: i love the messersmithth bf109 im german casnadian
  19. @NithinJune: why the F-35 slander ????
  20. @manwithnoname691: The F-14 Tomcat is still the most beautiful bird to fly

- How Do Pilots Pass The Time On Long Flights?: Kind: captions Language: en For most passengers, long-haul flights are&nbsp; a matter of endurance aided by a few drinks,&nbsp;&nbsp; inflight entertainment, and trying to get some&nbsp; sleep between meal services. It is an entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; different matter for the people flying the plane&nbsp; as there are still plenty of things to do even&nbsp;&nbsp; after takeoff. Let’s look at what’s happening&nbsp; on the flight deck during these longer flights… Even though flight paths are decided upon&nbsp; before departure, pilots have to monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; weather conditions and decide whether&nbsp; or not to alter them during the flight.&nbsp;&nbsp; On long-haul flights, weather conditions are&nbsp; more likely to change from initial forecasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; with aircraft often encountering multiple&nbsp; weather systems. These systems can vary in&nbsp;&nbsp; intensity from slight turbulence to dangerous&nbsp; thunderstorms. Traveling at high speeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots must be prepared at all times&nbsp; to alter the flight path if necessary. If, for example, they see a&nbsp; thunderstorm on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; they must first get the OK from air traffic&nbsp; control (ATC) to change their route. Clear air turbulence is another worry, and&nbsp; because it cannot be seen on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots rely upon the information provided by&nbsp; pilots flying the same route ahead of them. When&nbsp;&nbsp; flying across oceans such as the Atlantic, one&nbsp; pilot's job is to communicate with the ATC while&nbsp;&nbsp; the other monitors a common air-to-air frequency&nbsp; that pilots use to communicate with each other. The entire time a flight is&nbsp; in the air, the pilots monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; all kinds of gauges to ensure that the&nbsp; plane performs how it is supposed to. Making sure that the temperature of the fuel&nbsp; is not too cold is another thing pilots must&nbsp;&nbsp; monitor. If the fuel cools down too much,&nbsp; its flow can be restricted due to waxing.&nbsp;&nbsp; If this happens, pilots can rectify&nbsp; the situation by descending, or by&nbsp;&nbsp; increasing the aircraft's speed (and,&nbsp; thus, its skin temperature). However,&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn't a particularly frequent occurrence,&nbsp; as engine oil helps fuel to retain heat. While one of the pilots monitors all the&nbsp; gauges, the other will be busy taking care&nbsp;&nbsp; of the paperwork. Before the flight, the&nbsp; pilots are given a written flight plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Anything that deviates from this&nbsp; must be written down as notes. Outside of these important activities,&nbsp; long-haul flying can be very boring for pilots.&nbsp;&nbsp; During cruise phases, pilots will often pass&nbsp; the time by making small talk with one another,&nbsp;&nbsp; or doing some reading. Smartphone games and&nbsp; good old fashioned crossword puzzles might be&nbsp;&nbsp; additional forms of entertainment&nbsp; found on the flight deck. Finally, just like passengers,&nbsp; enjoying inflight meals&nbsp;&nbsp; is another part of the long-haul pilot experience. The pilots typically wait until the passengers&nbsp; have been served and then eat separately.&nbsp;&nbsp; They do this so that there is&nbsp; always one person at the controls. For long flights over twelve hours, there&nbsp; are one or two relief pilots onboard&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the two pilots who performed the&nbsp; takeoff can take a break and get some rest. There are just two pilots on shorter&nbsp; long-haul flights of eight or nine&nbsp;&nbsp; hours. The only opportunity they get to&nbsp; leave their seats and stretch their legs&nbsp;&nbsp; is when they go to the bathroom. Did you know about these long-haul duties and&nbsp; activities? Let us know by leaving a comment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TATCHIWONG [2 likes]: Tgey play POKERMON😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  2. @boogie4943 [1 likes]: I'm a pilot. All I did was get blown by heaps of sexy air hostesses. If it was a long haul flight, I'd join the mile high club.😁🤣
  3. @sakredcow [1 likes]: the mile high club...
  4. @unnamedchannel1237 [1 likes]: I used to play candy crush
  5. @AjF392 [1 likes]: Flyers don't pass the time, they LOG the time. 😎
  6. @Boody617: They take turns sucking each other’s cocks
  7. @Xxxx-d4z: THEY ABOUT THEIR FLIGHT ATTENDANTS ALWAYS.
  8. @Ckeete: When I was a pilot, my co-pilot and I once had “fart wars” to pass time.  Don’t ask.
  9. @Velocity8842: Found ts again
  10. @Ze0do0Gas: I hope both pilots don't eat the fish dish
  11. @Ilebuda: I have heard about other activities.
  12. @williamoleary1410: Pass the time? They better be fully focused on every detail of the flight until they land.
  13. @Patriotalliance: Typically they just bitch about pay, schedule and seniority. Ask me how I know...
  14. @shortstoryteller-i5p: We know one thing for sure. They do not endure themselves playing gambling apps to pass the time.  😅
  15. @RammingSpeed-lk8kk: Probably play Microsofy Flight Simulator
  16. @dougmarshall4010: There is a heat exchanger whereby hot oil from the engine keeps fuel at optimal temperature at cruise altitude. It’s all automatic. They put the autopilot on. Any malfunction brings up a visual and audible alarm. They don’t have to do much. At 35,000 feet, there is very little weather to worry about. No rain, no icing, just clear air turbulence.
  17. @austinteutsch: I had an old classmate of mind who flew from LaGuadia to Heathrow, did a layover and then blew back over a 2.5 day.  He ran that route for 13 years and he told me of one co-pilot of his who took a flight attendant into the bathroom, screwed her, and then returned to his seat.  He said that pilot was doing that on almost every run.  Talk about stress reduction!
  18. @ΝικοςΣοφικιτης-λ9φ: Yeahh…right
  19. @willpcs3453: Political discussion keeps you awake.
  20. @pppexplorer: What are the pilots doing during turbulence, especially if it gets severe?

- What New Air Force Pilots Go Through In Flight School | Boot Camp | Business Insider: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] This is drop night. A long anticipated event, where soon to be Air Force Flight School graduates find out what aircraft they will fly. But before they get there, yeah, they have to start here at Laughlin Air Force Base in Del Rio, Texas, just 9 miles north of the US Mexico border, newly commissioned officers begin a year-long journey to earn their wings. The purpose of undergraduate pilot training is to give students experience in an aircraft and in the military aviation world. So, usually they come in with a little bit of flight experience in the civilian world and then we teach them what that's like to do that as a military aviator. The Air Force has grappled with a pilot shortage for the last few years. In response, it's working to streamline training to get new pilots into the cockpit faster without sacrificing standards. After graduating T6s, within a year, they'll be mission ready and could possibly see combat in less than 18 months. Pilots have trained at Laughlin for over 70 years, beginning in World War II when it was a training site for bomber crews. Today, it's home to the 47th Flying Training Wing, and it trains more Air Force pilots than any other base. It's pretty competitive, so it all starts uh either in OTS, ROC, or any other commissioning source that they may come through there. They have to compete to be in the top half of their graduating class. Then there they'll get picked to become a pilot. To be selected, applicants must hold a 4-year college degree, be commissioned as an officer, and pass a series of academic and flight aptitude tests. My degree in college uh was communication studies. I have a hospitality degree from the University of Central Florida. I know it doesn't translate, but during that time, I gathered about 2,000 hours of flight instruction time. I got my private pilots license in high school and then I went to the Air Force Academy and did a couple airmanship things there and then in general been exposed to aviation pretty much my whole life. It's been a lot of years. I'm 27 years old now and I've been told no many times. Uh I've applied several times to get into this program. All students begin training on the T6 Texan 2, a single engine turborop plane designed to teach the basics of military flying. But only top performers are selected to continue training in the T38 Talon, a twin engine supersonic jet that prepares pilots for the fighter jets they may fly in the operational air force. These are all the things that come on when we turn on the avionics master switch that are powered by the generator bus. Before they enter an aircraft cockpit, students spend weeks in the classroom learning its layout, how to read flight instruments, and how weather systems will affect everything they do in the air. So we're going to provide the academic foundation, the theory that we think is essential for all high performance flying that we do here so that when they reach uh the simulator phase of training, they can practice that and then it'll make a lot more sense by the time they get into the aircraft itself. You have to learn about the entire aircraft, how to fly it, where to fly it, and the procedures that follow that. It's a fire hose, so we're getting a lot of information all at once. The pacing is really tough. However, it's manageable and we've been selected for a reason. So, we're here to work hard, study hard, and move on to our bases. So, that's where you're pointed. That's where you're going. Students spend about 100 hours in the academic phase of training before moving to the next phase. logging 50 to 60 hours across three types of simulators to develop skills in cockpit procedures, emergency scenarios, and instrument flying. The unit training device, the UTD, which is a basic cockpit with no visual outside references. It enables the students to practice their cockpit procedures, work on their checklist, and get familiar with the switches and controls. Then they'll upgrade to the instrument flight trainers, which is in a dark container with a simple video screen in front where they can practice developing those instrument skills for landings, for takeoffs, for basic instrument procedures. And then ultimately the the grand finale is the operational flight training which is about 120 degrees of visuals where they can practice ground references, aerobatics, more advanced emergency procedures. Right. But the way you jerk your head right there. Each student is paired with an instructor pilot or IP who evaluates their performance through each phase of training. So, flying the sims, there's certain moments where it it feels really real. Your spatial orientation, how far you're off the ground, emergency procedures. I had that sim last night, and it really picks up tempo, and it's like, oh, wow, this is actually happening. I was here previously as an instructor here in about 2014 to 2018, and it took students about 20 rides to solo. And now utilizing the immersive training devices, they solo in about half the time. So it's really accelerated their development and their growth and ultimately we see a better product from T6's based on that technology. It's a onetoone recreation of what is outside here at Laughlin. So we can practice on the simulators for hours on end, see what our visual references are, and then the first day we step in the plane, we can point out everything that we're familiar with up to that point. While simulators have sped up training, they're just one part of a larger strategy. The Air Force has struggled for the past 8 years to meet its annual goal of producing 1,500 new pilots. There are multiple reasons why. There's always some event that happens, whether it's OBOG's event and the T6. Laughlin had a hail event here several years ago that destroyed basically every T1. They had to be rebuilt. At Laughlin, our IPs are working very hard. You know, typically flying two sorties per day to make sure that we can produce pilots to fill the cockpit that America needs to go defend our national security. One of the most dangerous challenges pilots face is spatial disorientation. A condition where the body's senses can no longer accurately determine the aircraft's position, altitude, or motion. So, if we're flying in formation through the weather, you're really you're just staring at your flight lead's wing. You're not looking at any instruments. They are looking at their instruments, and you're just staring at their plane. And that can become quite disorienting. Tango 62, turn right, heading 120. descend and maintain 6,000 ft. To help them recognize and recover from it, students undergo training in a spatial disorientation simulator. Yeah. So, that was the corololis illusion. And in the aircraft, the coral solution occurs in situations where the aircraft is turning, rolling, or changing pitch. Students also train with the Baron chair, a spinning device that simulates the types of illusions that spatial disorientation can create. It's meant to reinforce an important lesson. Okay. Your senses can lie, but your instruments won't. When you're getting onto it and then you inevitably hit your head, you broke two rules, actually. So, please be careful. We teach them local area survival. And we cover emergency parachute training. Not comfy. Let's help you understand. All right. So, what do we do? need to thumbs downers up higher. There you go. Now pulling pull. But we go through a practical application of what's taught in the class because obviously we're not going to have the opportunity to real world use this until it is a life ordeath situation. And this is a refresher training that you have to do every 36 months to maintain your currency because again it's not things that you're doing every single day. You're going to lose that muscle memory. It's going to feel snug. You should be able to fit your fist between your chest and the chest strap. Squat and pull as evenly as possible. And it should now be easy to send them straight. Before students step into the cockpit, they need to be properly fitted for the gear that will allow them to withstand the intense G forces they will experience in the air. They are going to get custom fit to a helmet, harness, guit. The harness is what is attaching them to their parachute and to their seat kit. Mask is going to provide them aircraft oxygen. The helmet offers basic head protection is also a device we use to mount things like their visor and their mask to their face. Deep breath in. Hold. And exhale. You don't find any air leaking out from up here? You do? Okay. Go ahead and adjust your mask a bit. Every 120 days, we'll check the fit to make sure everything's still fitting well. If they've gained or lost any weight, there's a chance we'll need to tighten or loosen the guit. Laughlin Air Force Base has a fleet of over 160 aircraft, 103 T6s and 59 T38s, valued at more than $800 million, requiring a $1.6 billion maintenance budget. And with three runways, it's one of the Air Force's busiest airfields. They'll be able to text somebody. All right, copy. I'll take care of you. Approximately 450 student pilots are being trained at any given time. And their hands-on training begins in the T6. Man, I love the T6. She's kind of allpurpose, all weather. She can go wherever you want. She's not the fastest or can she hold the most gas, but she goes upside down. She rolls. She pulls. You get all of the training that you would need in the T6 to go off into any other aircraft, whether that be a fighter aircraft, a bomber, a tanker, or a heavy cargo plane. Once you punch that power up, it was definitely surprising. Lots of power, 1100 shaft horsepower compared to the Cessna 172 that you apply at a local flight school. Once in the T6, students begin applying the fundamentals from the classroom and the simulators. This phase of training is broken into three progressive stages. Transition, navigation, and formation. In transition phase, they're looking to pull high G uh high speed maneuvering, other things like that. Uh versus the navigation phase. Uh it's more so slow maneuvering uh methodical process. For the formation phase, again, that high G maneuvering comes into play as well as that slow maneuvering. The reason they call it the transition phase is because finally we're stepping out of these big boxes we call sims. And then once you hop into the jet for the first time, uh for me it's been a six-year goal of mine. So it's a great feeling uh to finally get control of the aircraft, feel the power, and learn how to become a military aviator. Training objectives today will be zero missed ground checklist items/ callouts. Every flight starts with a mission brief. Maintain minus 0 plus 100 ft on the localizer. Students will come to the brief. They've obviously studied before. We'll cover all the basics of the flight. So going through the weather, operational risk management, we'll have a brief overview of the plan uh that we'll run through so that everybody's on the same page and that's standardized between all briefs. I woke up around 4:30 just to start reviewing the weather, start preparing for your flight and just to make sure that you've chair flew the maneuvers. Nothing's going to surprise you and you want to become to the brief as prepared as possible. After the brief, the student and instructor pilots suit up for their flight or sorty and make their way to the step desk. Yep. Briefed and mitigated. Quality. Excellent. Where an operations supervisor will assess their risk level for the flight. We write down everything that might be a risk factor for our flight. So, if we didn't sleep well, if we're not feeling hydrated, if we have personal things going on at home, maybe. And it's just to take a second to look at it, add up the points, be like, "Hey, are we safe to be flying? Does this make sense?" Thank you, man. So, just started flying. We've been in formal for about 4 weeks now, but very first week of flying. Having a blast so far. Our plan was just to go up, do some mow work, basic arobatics, get the blood flowing, get the body pumping and then we're going to head back and recover via localizer. Localizer is an instrument approach you'll do and we typically will practice in VFR which is visual flight rules and IFR which is instrument flight rules. The reason we do that is to practice when the weather is terrible and you can't see the runway. That will give you the lateral course you need in order to get you down to the runway. Once you come back and start debriefing is when you have the time to kind of understand how I could do this better. The debrief is the most critical part to learning. We'll discuss, do we have any safety of flights, right? So, anything where that could have been dangerous, we could have uh gotten in an unsafe situation or maybe something uh not totally legal in the air, right? So, we'll talk about that and then we'll go through like, hey, did we actually meet the objectives that we set today? When you're on the ground talking with your IP, going over what you did and how you can make things better is when you really learn how to become a a great pilot. student pilots that are getting ready to be winged pilots, do not forget how important your manganese brothers and sisters are, cuz without them, you're not doing the mission. So, today was kind of the start of our graduation experience where we get our wings. The tradition was to get someone who gives you the wings that like meant something to you and got you here. And so, today maintenance gave them to us. It's just kind of a symbolic thing to show that they were the ones that really supported us getting the graduation today. Going to Altus Air Force Base in Oklahoma. So, I'll train with the C17 squadron out there. After this, I'm going to Little Rock, Arkansas for 6 months to learn how to fly the C130H. And after that, I'm going to Cheyen, Wyoming to fly for the Wyoming Air National Guard. Students selected for the fighter track, remain at Laughlin for 4 to 6 months. I'm going to go fly the T38, which is the next phase of training here. So, I will stick around Laughlin for a little bit. The students we get for 38s are typically towards the top of their T6 class. So higher performers and T6s and people that want to go fly something fast and pointy. At the end of the day, at the end of the program, their scores goes into what's called a mass and they're ranked number one to the last person and there's only a few slots for both T38s and the major weapon systems and the top students get their top choices. While T38 training follows the same structure as T6, the pace is faster, the demands are greater, and the margin for error is smaller. T38, you really got to be on top of your game. There's a lot of things that you have to be constantly thinking about and making decisions on. It's like, are you on air speed, altitude, and you're doing like maneuvering out in the MOA or anything? It's your G, your AOA, what uh altitude you're at, where you are relative to the M, what your energy state is. Gas is a huge thing for us. Very limited on that. It flies very different than a T6, so they need to learn how to land it, how to take off, how to do all the ground operations, and even get the jet started to begin with. Uh, so we'll start with those things. We'll start just flying out to some airspace, practicing loops or simple arrow, and just practicing landing, practicing landing in different configurations. As soon as we can teach uh these students how to just take off and land the aircraft, we're basically making sure they can get from point to point without getting lost or getting in trouble. And then we're going right into formation phase, which I think is really just the crux of the entire program. There are so many great benefits to formation flying. It simulates the stress and the fear of a deployed location, right? We don't have bombs coming at us, but we have to in some way uh instill the pressure from the outside world. And I think formation is a great way to start. So the 38 uh in formation itself is a little bit different than the T6. The T6 you got about 10 to 20 foot spacing between the aircraft due to the wing length. The 38 you got about 3 ft. So you're a lot closer, you're a lot faster, and there's a lot more going on that you have to pay attention to. No matter what aircraft they go on, they're going to fly some type of formation. Whether that be two C130s following two minutes behind each other or if you have a boom sticking out the back of your tanker with a fighter aircraft rejoining to refuel. Good evening and welcome to drop night for 258. So drop night down here at Laughlin is kind of a culmination um for us T38 students of about 2 yearsish worth of work. We're getting our assignments. We're going to figure out what we're going to do next. On my dream sheet were F-16 and F-35. both very capable jets and something that I would be very proud of flying. I am hoping to get F-35s andor F-15s. Those are my top two choices. But we'll see a little bit later here in about 5 hours exactly what's going to happen. [Music] But not everyone gets the assignment they want. Some graduates will be selected to become first assignment instructor pilots or FAPES. They'll spend four years training students to fly the T6 or the T38. So today is our graduation ceremony for our pie training class. It's the final step where we get our wings, we get to pin them on, and we officially become pilots in the Air Force. How it feels for me is uh kind of surreal. Um my father was a pilot in the uh US Air Force. My grandfather worked for the Air National Guard and then my uncle was uh an officer in the Air Force. And having that uh history of uh you know my family members being in the military, it just kind of reinstates that uh that drive that I had uh when I first set out to join the Air Force and when I first set out to actually push forward to be a pilot. It finally feels so good to be at this moment. We put in a lot of hard work over these last six, seven months, and to finally have it come to an end is bittersweet, but it's pretty fun. These newly pinned pilots will head to their next base to begin aircraft specific training. Some will fly tankers, others fighters, bombers, or cargo planes, but they'll all leave Laughlin with the same title, United States Air Force Pilot.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BusinessInsider [1 likes]: If you love the stories we produce, please vote for us in the Webby Awards by April 16, 2026!
https://vote.webbyawards.com/PublicVoting#/2026/video-film/series-channels/documentary (Boot Camp Series)
https://vote.webbyawards.com/PublicVoting#/2026/video-film/general-video-film/sustainability-environment (How Rich Nations Dump Old Cruise Ships And Oil Tankers In Developing Countries)
https://vote.webbyawards.com/PublicVoting#/2026/video-film/general-video-film/documentary-midform (The Man Who Feeds Gaza's Children)
  2. @joee7626: If you just want to be a pilot go to the Air Force, if you want to be in the actual military then go to another branch. These are just people who dress (mostly) the same.
  3. @gustavozuviria4452: Great video, I was an AT-38B IP in Columbus Air Force Base from 1998 to September 2000.
I have a great time, then return to my country flying Mirage and Skyhawks in the Argentinian Air Force.
Check Six
  4. @TheSavageB: Near disaster..American aviation not looking hot lately....
  5. @kenhoward3512: At 74, my life's "windows of opportunity" are long past. I'm sure these "kids" will learn a lot about themselves in the coming years. I've known guys who'd give their right arm to be an Air Force pilot.
  6. @txdave2: This is a very interesting video. I had no idea is was this tough to make into fighter training.
  7. @GDI-h1n: The T38 needs to be retired.  The engines are outdated.
  8. @mattlarkham-e6j: I heard Mustaches  = higher G tolerance 😉
  9. @KM128-z7q: Saw a 25-11 class patch.  Damn I'm old...94-01 Laughlin.  Some of the best days of my life...even with standup EP's.
  10. @rawdawgg_: 0:40 less than a min in and we're already seeing dei. 😅😅😅
  11. @bando404: Grew up watching Top Gun 100+ times dreaming to be a fighter pilot. Tried and failed and tried again for years and years, first on the military path, then in civilian. Finally had to give up the dream and realize I never had what it takes. Best wishes to all the men and women who succeed - the world belongs to you.
  12. @Gabriela-s4l9h: 😮🎉❤😢😢😢 AWESOME ❤❤❤
  13. @GHOST_MADA: Ditch the college degree part
  14. @casperaprap1834: War Philippines vs America
  15. @crewdawg52: Boy how things have changed in 43 yrs,   85-01 Reese AFB
  16. @AngusJohnMcPherson-g3k: It is a C-17 Globemaster III or a C-5 Galaxy
  17. @xMr_Sebax: Top gun is pretty accurate, they are all gay
  18. @brodricj3023: why are many of these student pilots wearing glasses?
  19. @cdrysdale1969: Del Rio.  Besides the food..base is the best place to be.
  20. @BikeRideAccount: The mustache 😂

- TITANIC of the Skies! - The Untold Story of Air France 447: Kind: captions Language: en (rain pattering) (plane engines roaring) (plane crashing) (somber music) - [Petter] It took just over four minutes for this aircraft to lose control and fall nearly 38,000 feet. That's roughly the same time it takes to toast a piece of bread. What were the crucial details that caused this accident? Stay tuned. The crew who were going to operate Air France Flight 447 arrived in Rio de Janeiro from Paris on the 28th of May, 2009. They were scheduled for a three-day stop in Rio before the return flight back to Paris. We know very little about how they spent their time during this layover but what is known is that the first officer who was later going to be pilot flying of this flight had brought his wife with him for the trip. Given that, it's unlikely that at least he spent the whole day before the flight resting and there were indications that this might also apply to the other pilots. Flight 447 was scheduled to depart at 8:00 in the evening, Rio time, that would be 11 o'clock at night, Paris time. And that meant that the crew would have to operate through the night on the way home with a scheduled landing time in Paris around midday on the 1st of June. This would mean that the pilots throughout the window of circadian low, a time of night during which it's especially hard for the human body and the mind to stay alert. Because of this and the fact that the flight was scheduled to last 12 hours and 45 minutes, the flight crew had been augmented with an extra pilot to allow for scheduled rest during the flight back. This meant that there were three pilots who were going to fly together: one captain and two first officers. The captain was 58 years old and had a total flying experience of 11,000 hours, 1,700 of which was flown as a pilot-in-command on the Airbus A330. The first officer was 32 years old. He was the least experienced of the crew with 3,000 hours in total and 800 on the type. He had done his type rating on the Airbus A330 and 340 in 2008, the year before the flight. The third pilot which I will refer to, in this video, as the relief pilot was a 37-year-old first officer. He had a total time of 6,500 hours but he was actually the most experienced on the type with 4,500 hours flown on it. He had flown very little during the previous three months before the flight because he was also working as a management pilot in Air France. Prior to operating the flight, the pilots met up and reviewed the planning documentation including weather, flight plans and NOTAMs. The weather was fine for the departure and in Paris but the enroute weather looked a bit more complicated. Since the flight would be crossing the equator, it would also be crossing an area over the Atlantic known as the Intertropical Convergence Zone or the ITCZ. In this zone, the easterly trade winds from the northern and southern hemisphere will converge and can force the humid air from the surface of the sea upwards. This can cause powerful thunderstorms that can reach as high as 60,000 feet which is much higher than most aircraft can fly. This also means that the aircraft who have to fly through this zone might be subject to flying between and sometimes even through parts of these storm clouds. The storms who are formed over water in the ITCZ can sometimes contain smaller water content than the storms that form over land, making them harder to see on the aircraft's weather radar so pilots needs to be very careful when navigating around them since they could still be quite severe. The pilots likely discussed this risk of encountering these type of storms and carried a bit of extra fuel to give them the option of navigate around these storms if needed. The pilots also briefed their nine cabin crew about the possibility of turbulence and the effect that that might have on their service. Before we leave the discussion of the Intertropical Convergence Zone, we need to talk a little bit about the types of precipitation that can be found inside of these types of thunderstorms. Most people are familiar with the heavy rain and sometimes, hail that typically come out of these clouds but as you look higher up through the clouds, things can become a bit more complicated. Because of the very strong currents inside of the cloud, water droplets can be forced upwards into very cold air and become super cooled. This means that they're still in water form but as soon as they hit surface of some sort, they will instantly freeze and create clear ice. Sometimes, these super cooled droplets can collide with snowflakes and when that happens, a type of soft ice crystals can be formed, which is not as hard as hail but big enough to be heard when it hits the aircraft if you fly through it. This type of precipitation doesn't create the type of heavy airframe icing that supercooled rain does but it has significant volume and can quickly clog up and overwhelm sensors and probes on the aircraft, especially the pitot probes which I will explain later. More than nine different occurrences of this type of clogging happening to Air France flights had been reported during 2008 and 2009. And these reports, together with how to recognize and deal with the issues had been published in safety bulletins circulated to all Air France pilots during the year before the accident flight. The aircraft that the pilots were going to operate was a reasonably new Airbus A330-203. It had been delivered to Air France in 2005 and was in almost perfect working order on the evening of the departure. Prior to arriving to the aircraft, the pilots ordered 70.4 tons of fuel to be loaded and together with their cabin crew, they walked out to the aircraft and started preparing it for departure. Now it will be impossible to explain what happened on this flight without also explaining a few details about this Airbus but also a little bit about flying in general. Pilots need a way to accurately measure the amount of air that is flowing over the wings because that's what really determines the performance of the aircraft. To do this, they utilize a type of probe known as a pitot tube or a pitot probe. These probes are often situated along the front of the aircraft, below the cockpit and they look a little bit like gun barrels. And they have a hole in the front where the air enters and the total pressure is then measured inside of the tube. They are electrically heated and the heating is automatic But in order to accurately measure the air speed, the static pressure must also be measured so it can be deducted from the total pressure from the pitot probes. This static pressure is measured from a different device called a static port and that static pressure is then used both for calculating the air speed and, crucially, also the altitude of the aircraft. These different pressures are then sent to the aircraft computers, called Air Data Modules or ADMs. The ADMs will calculate the correct true air speed but another thing that will become hugely important in this story is that the static pressure from the static port must be corrected depending on how fast the aircraft is flying. That's because the air flows over the aircraft surfaces, surrounding the static port and will therefore create localized pressure differences depending on the speed. These corrections are done automatically by the ADM computers and because air speed and altitude are critical values, there are three different independent sets of probes and computers fitted to the aircraft. Now because of the problems that Air France and other operators had reported of ice crystals clogging up the pitot probes, Airbus had started to look into the problem. A newer type of pitot probe had been found to be more effective in preventing these problems and a maintenance bulletin had been issued suggesting an upgrade to these newer probes. Air France had just started upgrading their first Airbus A330 about one month prior to the departure of Flight 447. And the accident aircraft was actually scheduled to have its probes changed on its arrival to Paris after the flight. But why was the change of these pitot probes just a suggested action? Why wasn't it mandatory? Well, that's because the temporary loss of air speed due to this issue was both very rare, it only lasted for a maximum of a couple of minutes and there was a defined procedure which the pilots were supposed to follow in case it happened. In Air France, this procedure was known as IAS douteuse but I will refer to it in this story as unreliable air speed. Because this problem had been reported several times, it had been included in the recurrent training scenario for all Air France Crews The training had included air speed unreliable exercises but only at low altitude. That's because that was seen as more safety critical because of the closeness to the terrain but the performance of the aircraft was also much better than it would be at high altitude. Air speed unreliable can be very tricky to diagnose because the failure will look different depending on what caused it and how severe it is. During the exercises that Air France crews had practiced, the autopilot did not disconnect and there were no warnings sounding in the cockpit when the failure occurred. Now the air speed unreliable procedure included the use of memory items, meaning safety critical items that needed to be done straight away from memory of the pilots. But using them was optional depending on the situation and that had been interpreted as only needed if the aircraft was close to the ground. Also important for this story is that none of the pilots of Flight 447 had received any recent training on how to deal with an approach to stall and recovery, especially at high altitude. The latest stall training that they had actually received was done during their type rating on the Airbus A320 which they had all done years earlier. And that initial training that they had done was all done at low altitude in which heavy emphasis was put on the use of thrust to recover the aircraft and power it out of the stall, achieving it with minimum altitude loss. Decreasing the pitch was a secondary action to take. Now this idea that the engines will have enough power to pull an aircraft out of an extreme high angle of attack is also going to become very important. Once the 216 passengers had finished boarding and the crew were ready, the pilots asked for pushback and started moving away from their gate at time 22:09 UTC, only nine minutes behind schedule. The first officer was pilot flying and all three pilots were present in the cockpit as they were taxiing out. At time 22:29, the aircraft started rolling down the runway in Rio de Janeiro and performed a completely normal takeoff. They climbed away along their cleared departure route which led them up through a northeasterly course, following the coastline of Brazil. At some point, after passing 20,000 feet climbing, the relief pilot left the cockpit to start his scheduled rest period which would last about three hours. He went back into the crew rest compartment which consisted of two bunk beds just behind the cockpit and we don't know exactly when he left the cockpit because the cockpit voice recordings from the cockpit voice recorder doesn't start until just after midnight, UTC time. In any case, the two remaining pilots received clearance to climb to their initial cruise altitude of flight level 350 or 35,000 feet and once they were established in cruise, they were talking to controllers from Brasilia FIR and then later, they switched over to Recife Control. And it was Recife Control who were going to be the last ones to have radar contact with the flight because in that control area, they were largely still flying over land but once they passed into the next FIR, Atlantico, they would move away from radar coverage and instead be following oceanic traffic separation procedures. Now flights over oceanic areas requires special training procedures and aircraft equipment. Since the curvature of the earth makes VHF radio communication impossible, aircraft are equipped with something called HF radios. These radios use layers in the ionosphere to bounce the signals off from and can therefore reach much further distances. As the aircraft passed an RNAV point called INTOL, the pilots checked in with Atlantico Control on one of the two HF frequencies that they had been given. The pilots then tried to log in to a new system that was being tested at the time in the area called ADS-C. This system would use automatic reports sent by the aircraft itself via satellite to update the position of the aircraft to ATC, thus showing where it was even if they didn't have radar coverage. Another cool thing that this new system could do was that it would immediately send a report if an aircraft deviated from the course or altitude that it had assigned. But, unfortunately, due to a formatting error in the flight plan that had been filed the pilots were unable to log into this new system and therefore, as soon as the aircraft left conventional radar coverage, it would not be able to be accurately tracked anymore, something that would come to have grave consequences. The Airbus A330 is a fly-by-wire aircraft and that means that the inputs that the pilots makes on their side stick and rudders will be electronically-interpreted by a computer and then sent to the hydraulic flight control actuators for execution. This type of controls comes with many benefits, for example, it makes the aircraft substantially lighter but mainly, it allows the aircraft to monitor certain safety parameters and make sure that those parameters aren't exceeded. Parameters like excessive bank and pitch angles are monitored as well as safeguarding the maximum and minimum speeds and a whole load of other parameters as well. Now detractors of the system say that this lets the aircraft have the final word of the pilots but that's not completely true. Only maneuvers which are really extreme and ultimately dangerous are blocked by the system but the fly-by-wire system do require that the pilots who operates them really understand how they work and when those protections actually work and don't. This is true for all aircraft obviously but it's especially true here. And why is that? Well, in order for these protections to properly work, the computers who monitor them needs to be absolutely sure that they are using correct parameters to start with. If that is not the case, the computers will back off and take away those protections, simply because the computers aren't really sure what's going on. These computers receive their inputs from a lot of different sources like the pitot probes, the static ports, the inertial reference units, angle of attack vanes and so on. They combine all of this data into three Air Data Reference Units who together form the Air Data Inertial Reference System. As long as all three or, at least, two of these ADRs agree with each other, the aircraft control computers are happy and it can continue to operate in what's called Normal Law. Normal Law means that all protections are available and that the aircraft is basically impossible to stall or put into an upset situation. But if two or more ADRs starts sending strange information, a couple of things will quickly happen. First of all, these inconsistencies might affect the autoflight system like the autopilot that controls the aircraft, the autothrottle governing the engines and the flight directors who are showing the pilots how to fly. That's quite logical, if you think about it. The aircraft will not try to navigate or control the aircraft if it's not sure about what's going on. It will leave that up to the pilots to figure it out. And following up on that same logic, the aircraft control computers will degrade from Normal Law into either Alternate Law 1 or Alternate Law 2, depending on the severity of the issues. The difference between Normal Law and Alternate Law 2 which will soon become relevant in this flight is that the protections that the aircraft normally have regarding maximum angle of attack or stall protection will no longer be available. This will be shown by the removal of warning indicators like the barber's pole on the primary flight display as well as yellow crosses where the limitations would normally be shown. The other difference is that the roll control of the aircraft changes. In Normal Law and Alternate Law 1, the roll inputs on the side stick will command a specific roll rate from the aircraft. If the pilot inputs a specific roll rate to be kept, the aircraft will give that and gust disturbances will be compensated for. It will basically be very stable and easy to handle. But in Alternate Law 2, the side stick will give direct commands to the ailerons and spoilers rather than commanding a specific roll rate. This means no bank protections or stability control. This will also make the aircraft more roll sensitive especially at higher altitudes where there's less aerodynamic damping due to the thinner air. Another major difference between a conventional aircraft and an Airbus fly-by-wire aircraft is the pitch trim system. If you're flying manually in a conventional aircraft, the yoke controls the flight controls directly and the trim has to be done deliberately by the pilots. In an Airbus, the side stick input will ask the control computers for a specific roll rate horizontally and a pitch or a g-loading vertically. When the pilot sets a specific pitch, the elevators will initiate the pitch and the massive horizontal stabilizer will then move automatically to continue maintaining that pitch without any pilot input. This also means that there is no big tactile feedback from the stick if the aircraft is entering into a strange trim position due to low speed for example, which would be the case on another aircraft like the 737 for example, that I'm flying. In Normal Law, that's not an issue because the aircraft also guards the aircraft from getting close to an angle of attack high enough to stall it but that's not the case in Alternate Law. Now these differences are really important for any pilots to know about but even more crucially, they need to understand them and they need to be able to retrieve this knowledge when things are starting to go wrong. Now before we get into the actual accident sequence of this video, I just wanna share this short message from my sponsor who makes it possible for me to create these videos. This is really quite cool! Are you looking for ways to save a little money on your next holiday or online shopping spree? Well, did you know that you can get cheaper flight tickets, hotel reservations or even car services by connecting to a VPN in a different country? By shopping online with today's sponsor, NordVPN, you can find the best deals in the world no matter where you're shopping from because it turns out that prices actually change on, for example, booking.com when connected from a different country. I have no idea why that is but thanks to NordVPN, you can potentially save some serious bucks by trying it out. Nord have over 5,500 ultrafast servers in 59 different countries so there's plenty to choose from. So whether you want to watch your favorite content from other countries, protect your personal information or save money with a VPN via regional discounts, NordVPN have you covered. Start browsing the internet freely and safely today and right now, if you go to NordVPN.com/pilot, you get an awesome exclusive deal. And you don't really have anything to lose because Nord always gives you a full 30-day money-back guarantee. Thank you NordVPN. Now back to the video. As Flight 447 now proceeded along their route, they received a message from their company, advising them about reported thunderstorm activity further ahead. The first officer changed the scale on his navigation display and started talking about some buildups that he could see ahead of them. The pilots then started discussing ways to possibly avoid the turbulence that these clouds would bring. And the first officer indicated that he was quite worried about the storm clouds that he could see now getting closer. At time 01:46, the first officer dimmed the cockpit lights in order to see better outside and confirmed that the aircraft was now entering into a cloud layer. It was pitch black outside with the moon situated behind them and light turbulence now started rocking the aircraft. The crew discussed if it would be possible to climb higher as it looked like they were just skimming the tops of the clouds at flight level 350. But when the first officer checked the maximum altitude they could climb to, it was indicated as flight level 370 and they both decided that it wouldn't be a good idea to sit at maximum altitude if the turbulence would get worse. Now, this is probably a good opportunity to discuss another thing that will become important very soon. As an aircraft climbs higher, the air will become thinner and thinner outside. And because of that, depending on the weight of the aircraft as well as the outside temperature and some other factors, the aircraft will be limited from continuing to climb as the engines just won't be able to produce enough excess thrust to do it. This also means that the engines do not have much excess thrust to deal with any non-normals up there and because of that, we pilots need to be very careful and quite conservative with how the aircraft is operated. The only way that an aircraft can climb higher than its indicated max altitude, would be to exchange kinetic energy, their speed, for potential energy, altitude. But doing so, would dramatically increase the angle of attack. At higher altitudes, the critical angle of attack, meaning the angle where the aircraft will stall if it's exceeded, is also less due to aerodynamic effects from flying closer to the speed of sound. So in short, the aircraft will stall earlier and will have less available thrust at high altitudes. It will also be more sensitive and harder to hand fly due to less air providing aerodynamic damping. After the aircraft had entered into the clouds, the captain started commenting on the appearance of St. Elmo's Fire. This is a sure sign of a building electrical charge close to an aircraft, a further indication that they were getting close to storm clouds. Around this time, the captain pressed a button on the overhead panel, which activated the call bell in the crew bunk behind the cockpit. This was the sign to the relief pilot that it was time for him to return to the cockpit and take over for the captain so the captain could go back to the bunk and get some rest. The relief pilot knocked on the cockpit wall in response to show that he had heard the bell. Now the Air France standard operating procedures at the time stipulated that the first officer in the right seat who was pilot flying would take on the role of pilot-in-command when the captain left for rest unless something else had been agreed. And in this case, this was exactly what happened and when the relief pilot arrived to the cockpit at time 01:59, the captain left his chair and listened into the briefing that the first officer gave to the relief pilot. This briefing included the anticipated turbulence that they were currently flying in cloud and that they couldn't climb any higher at the moment. The captain didn't leave any specific instructions about how the two first officers should deal with the thunderstorms ahead. Instead he left the cockpit to start his rest. Now we can only speculate to why he didn't give more clear instructions. Like I mentioned before, all three pilots were used to this type of weather and had flown this route many times. So it is likely that he found the two first officers more than capable of dealing with it. When the captain left, the Air France procedures meant that the much more senior relief pilot, now took on the role of pilot monitoring in the left seat and the first officer continued as pilot flying and, effectively, pilot-in-command. The two pilots now started discussing the weather situation up ahead. And the first officer mentioned the Intertropical Convergence Zone. But at this stage, there was no discussion about trying to avoid the cells by changing course. Instead, the first officer asked the relief pilot if he had been able to sleep anything and the relief pilot said that he had just dozed off a bit. The relief pilot then asked the first officer if he felt okay. This discussion could be interpreted as the two pilots possibly feeling a bit fatigued at this point. The captain had also made some similar remarks earlier. The relief pilot also left his pilot chair in the aft position and didn't move it forward into the piloting position when he sat down. That would likely have given him a more relaxed position where he could put his feet up but it wouldn't be ideal if he suddenly needed to fly the aircraft which he soon would need to do. At time 02:06:05, the first officer contacted the cabin crew to advise them that they would likely encounter some light turbulence soon and to tell them to be careful. It was now around four minutes since the captain had left the cockpit. And in another four minutes, the emergency sequence would begin. The relief pilot now started looking closer at his navigation display and he reached down and changed the gain on his weather radar to Max. This made the weather radar more sensitive and highlighted the weather ahead of them. He then asked the first officer if he maybe wanted to go a bit to the left, indicating some discomfort with what it was seeing in front of them. The first officer asked what he meant and he then pointed out the return on the screen in front of them and asked again if they could turn left. The first officer agreed and turned the heading bug about 12 degrees to the left. This was a quite small correction given the amount of weather they had in front of them but it meant that they now left their flight plan route and they didn't try to radio in this change to air traffic control. At time 02:08:17, the cockpit voice recorder picked up a change in the background noise in the cockpit. This noise sounded like rain hitting the cockpit. At the same time, the first officer noticed that the temperature was going up and he asked if the relief pilot had done something with the air conditioning. He then asked, "What's that smell?" The relief pilot recognized the smell as ozone and calmed his colleague down by explaining what ozone was. These comments as well as the precipitation heard outside the aircraft were all signs of the type of weather phenomenon the aircraft was now flying into. The change in temperature and humidity felt in the cockpit was likely another sign of huge amount of water or ice being suddenly sucked into the engines, partially overwhelming the air conditioning system. 20 seconds later, the background noise intensified and changed into the sound of ice crystals now hitting the cockpit. The turbulence intensified and the first office reduced the commanded speed from Mach 0.82 to 0.8 which was the turbulence penetration speed. This caused the autothrottle to reduce the thrust back to 84% N1. Up until this point, the aircraft had been performing flawlessly and the two pilots were relaxed and just monitoring the autopilot doing its job. We don't know for sure what caused it but it is very likely that the ice crystals who were now pelting the aircraft outside started to overwhelm the heating elements of the pitot probes who were providing crucial information to the three air data modules. At time 02:10:05, the autopilot and autothrottle suddenly disconnected with the associated Cavalry Charge warning in the cockpit. At the same moment, a heavy gust of wind caused the aircraft to start banking sharply to the right. The first officer called out, "I have controls!" and reached for his side stick. Now this sudden onset of warnings and aircraft behavior would have likely caused a severe startle to both pilots and the confusion would have set in almost immediately. But at this point, the aircraft was still flying reasonably level with only this right bank developing. As the aircraft continued banking right, the indicated air speed on the captain's primary flight display as well as on the standby indicator, suddenly dropped from 275 knots to 60 knots, a clearly erroneous indication. We don't know for sure what the first officer's instruments showed as they weren't recorded on the flight data recorder but they likely also fell with a similar amount. Remember what I told you about how the altimeter system compensated the pressure for higher Mach numbers? Well, because the speed was now indicated as much lower, the altimeter system recalculated its altitude and suddenly showed a drop of 300 feet as well as negative vertical speed. The first officer who had been suddenly thrown into hand-flying the aircraft now reacted instinctively by giving left aileron and pitching up to correct his altitude. This was the start of the sequence of events that would ultimately doom this flight. Since all three ADRs were now showing unreliabe data, the aircraft reverted into Alternate Law which meant that the angle of attack protections were lost as well as the overspeed and bank protections. Now like I mentioned before, the roll control now also became about twice as sensitive, meaning that the first officer had to really concentrate in order to get the aircraft to stop banking and return to level flight. He started over-correcting and the movements he made with the side stick started causing more oscillations going from right to left and then back again. It is very possible that most of the first officer's attention went to this part of the handling at this point but remember, he had also started pitching up. That pitch was now increasing, leading into a very high rate of climb. Almost instantaneously, as the auopilot disconnected and all of the different warnings started, a brief stall warning could also be heard in the cockpit. When the warning sounded, the relief pilot called out, "What is that?" likely because of the quick nature of the warning but it could also potentially indicate the confusion about its meaning. The flight directors were not disconnected by the crew as the procedure for air speed unreliable instructed them to do but the command bars disappeared anyway due to lack of reliable data. 11 seconds into the sequence, the pitch of the aircraft had reached 11 degrees nose up and the first officer was making max left and right side stick input, still over-correcting. He also now called, "We haven't got... We haven't got a good display!" Likely referring to the lack of speed info. The relief pilot who was supposed to handle the ECAM warnings and the non-normal checklist, called out, "We've lost the speeds! And, "Alternate Law protection law." He then continued to read out the ECAM messages but in a manner that was hard to understand and very rushed. Here, it would have been absolutely crucial to clearly point out that the aircraft was in Alternate Law, meaning that it would handle differently and that certain protections were lost. He mentioned that the autothrust was lost and the first officer responded by asking, "Engine lever?" Showing some confusion about what the relief pilot was saying. Since the autothrottle had disconnected when the failure occurred, the thrust had gone into a mode called engine thrust locked which basically meant that it was keeping its previously selected value of 84%. ECAM instructed the crew to move the thrust lever manually to resume thrust control but instead, the first officer pushed the autothrottle disconnect button and left the thrust lever where it was which was in the climb detent. And because of that, the thrust now started to increase into climb thrust. All of what I've said so far happened in the first 18 seconds of this emergency. There were 10 different ECAM messages showing up, each of them causing a chime in the cockpit. On top of this, the Master Warning and the Master Caution Light was illuminated in front of the pilots as well as a constant C chord chime, indicating that the aircraft had left its cleared altitude. This would have been a very confusing and stressful environment for the pilots. And the fact that unreliable air speed was not indicated on the ECAM, this was something that the pilots needed to figure out themselves, that might have been the reason why they didn't start executing that procedure at that point. At time 02:10:26, the aircraft pitch up attitude had reached 12 degrees nose up. The aircraft was now climbing with a hair-raising 6,900 feet per minute, more than seven times higher than their normal rate would be as it passed 36,000 feet. Maintaining a rate this high meant that the aircraft was now rapidly exchanging speed for altitude. Suddenly, the flight director bars reappeared in front of the first officer but instead of being engaged in the altitude hold mode that they were before, they're now engaged in vertical speed mode since they activated in the middle of a climb. This meant that the flight directors were now starting to show the pilots the pitch needed to maintain their current 6,000 feet per minute climb. That would definitely not have been helpful in this situation when the first officer was likely becoming more and more overloaded by noise and workload. And it was precisely because of this that the unreliable air speed memory items included turning off the flight directors. The relief pilot now looked away from the ECAM display which he had stopped reading anyway and reached to switch on the Wing Anti-Ice and that's when he noticed the high pitch that the aircraft was keeping. He called out, "Watch your speed!" Possibly referring to the vertical speed since the speed indication still hadn't returned. The first officer replied, Uh, okay, I'm going back down," and started pitching forward but not nearly enough. This only reduced the climb rate but the aircraft continued to climb. The relief pilot continued to call out that he needed to stabilize, "Go back down!" And, "According to all three, you are going up so go back down," to which the first officer responded, "Okay." The pitch now momentarily reduced to about 10 degrees pitch up which still gave a climb rate about 4,000 feet per minute. They now climbed through their calculated max altitude of 37,000 feet and at time 02:10;36, the flight directors disappeared again but the air speed came back on the left side indicating the correct speed of 223 knots. That meant that up until this point, the aircraft had lost about 50 knots of precious air speed and the speed was still reducing. The flight directors again flashed up for about a second, disappeared and then came back again, commanding a climb of about 1,400 feet per minute which was what the aircraft was doing at that time. At time 02:10:47, the first officer inexplicably now reduced the thrust back to around 85% N1. And this is likely a sign of his increasing loss of situational awareness and disorientation. The relief pilot pushed the call button to try and get the captain back into the cockpit again. He pressed it several times, asking, "Where is he?" He also reached over and switched the Air Data Selector and the Attitude Heading Selector to First Officer on 3. These are switches designed to change the data input for the displays and they were not items covered in any checklist. He likely switched these in an attempt to try and restore the instrument that he felt were missing for the first officer. Three seconds later, the stall warning went off in the cockpit and sounded continuously for the next 45 seconds. The fact that this warning was now sounding continuously was not verbalized or even discussed by any of the pilots. Instead the first officer reacted by pulling back on the controls increasing the pitch attitude to 16 degrees nose up, similar to what you would have on takeoff. This pitch up command now also meant that the stabilizer at the back of the aircraft started moving into the max nose-up position, making a potential recovery even harder. The aircraft now no longer had enough energy to keep the requested climb rate. Instead it started to slowly level off, rocking from side to side which the first officer desperately tried to counteract with the side stick. They were now rapidly closing in on a fully-developed stall. Now a stall happens when the aircraft wing has moved beyond its critical angle of attack, meaning that it effectively stops being able to create lift and instead, the aircraft will start to fall. A stall can happen at any attitude. The only thing that determines when it happens is the angle of attack. And the angle of attack is the angle between the wing chord line and the oncoming airflow. Both pilots had received initial training on how to deal with an approach to stall and recovery during their type ratings years ago but they would have never experienced the feeling of a fully developed stall in a real aircraft. The fact that the Airbus only has an audio warning, not a visual stall indication in front of the pilots or a stick shaker might also have played a part in explaining why the warning wasn't reacted to because one of the first things that disappears when a human is under stress is their hearing. At time 02:10:57, the aircraft reached its stall angle of attack and violent buffeting started to shake the aircraft. This type of buffeting is of a much higher frequency than turbulence is and it feels very different. So the first officer now added full TOGA thrust but at this altitude, above the aircraft's maximum performance altitude, the engines were not able to produce enough thrust to even keep the speed, much less accelerate it. The relief pilot called out, "Above all, try to touch the lateral controls as little as possible!" Showing some insight into the issues with flying in Alternate Law but this fell on deaf ears as the first officer continued to make max left and right inputs. The relief pilot also said, "Is he coming or not?", referring to the captain. The first officer now called out, "I'm in TOGA", referring to the fact that he had added thrust which he might have thought would be enough to solve the situation. The aircraft still climbed a few hundred feet more until it reached its maximum recorded altitude of 37,924 feet and then it started falling down towards the sea below. Now you might ask yourselves why didn't the relief pilot just take controls? He was asking for corrections that didn't happen. Well, we will never know the answer to that but it likely lies in the fact that this all happened quite fast. It only took about one minute to reach this point. Also the fact that he couldn't see or feel the input his colleague was making on the side stick since those aren't connected to each other in the Airbus, made it hard to monitor what his colleague was actually doing. At time 02:11:07, the last bit of ice inside of the pitot tubes have been cleared by the heating elements and both the standby and left air speed indicator now started working again. The speed indicated was 183 knots, meaning that they had lost around 90 knots of air speed. The aircraft now entered into an increasingly rapid descent with the stall warning sounding continuously. "But we've got the engines. What's happening?" And then, "Do you understand what's happening?" But he got no reply. The aircraft started banking over towards the right which prompted the first officer to give continuous left side stick but with very little effect. The first officer also continued his pitch up command with the side stick and would be doing that continuously for the next 40 seconds. Now for all of those out there who cannot believe how it was possible for the first officer to react this way, there are a few things that are worth thinking about. The first is that the human brain does not perform well under stress and we tend to revert to our training when that happens. And that brings me to my second point which is how the Airbus functions when it's flown in Normal Law. You see the best possible climb performance you can get from the aircraft is achieved through applying continuous back pressure and TOGA thrust. That's what's used during a wind shear or a terrain escape maneuver, for example, since the aircraft will not allow it to stall. It will only pitch to maintain close to its maximum angle of attack whilst using max thrust, giving the best possible performance. But that only works in Normal Law. If you apply that logic, the actions of the overstressed first officer becomes maybe a little bit more understandable. At time 02:11:32, the first officer called out that he didn't have control of the aircraft anymore, no control at all. The relief pilot responded by saying, "Controls to the left!" And pressed the takeover button to take controls but he never verbalized that takeover formally. He then made two brief inputs to the left of his own controls before the first officer took back the controls again and continued with his own inputs, aft and left, none of which was working. At this point, the aircraft descent rate had increased to around 10,000 feet per minute and the angle of attack was close to 40 degrees, meaning that the aircraft was now more falling than flying. Because it was maintaining such an incredibly high angle of attack, the air was now hitting the aircraft from below at a 40 to 60-degree angle. This would have caused a very strange wind noise in the cockpit but also, crucially, the angle that the air was hitting the pitot tubes and the static ports with was now so extreme that the pressure became almost equal on both. This meant that the speed indication once again disappeared as the computer interpreted those conditions as being completely impossible and unreliable. So the reason that the crew now once again found themselves without valid speed indication had nothing to do with ice from this point on. It was only due to their extreme aircraft situation. Once the speed value dropped below 60 knots, the onboard computers told the stall warning system to disregard the angle of attack vanes outside because such a speed could only be encountered on the ground. This made the stall warning stop in the cockpit and as the calculated speed fell below 30 knots, the speed indication was replaced by speed flags on the pilot display. At this point, the first officer also said something that gives a bit of an insight to why he was acting the way he did. He said, "I have the impression that we have the speed." It's unclear what he was basing this feeling on but it could be just his senses together with the increase in wind noise from outside and possibly the buffeting that he was feeling. In any case, the silencing of the stall warning coincided with the captain returning to the cockpit at time 02:11:42. That was about one minute and a half after the autopilot disconnected and less than one minute after he was called back. He was faced with a completely unrealistic scene. There was no stall warning at this point for the reason that I just explained but the aircraft was descending with an incredible vertical speed and they were just passing 35,000 feet, the same altitude they had maintained when he left the cockpit. The pitch attitude was varying between 15 degrees nose up and nine degrees nose down and he could see 10 different ECAM warnings, Master Warning lights together with severe buffeting which was shaking the aircraft. The captain asked, "What are you doing?" To which the relief pilot desperately answered, "What's happening? Well, I don't know. I don't know what's happening." The first officer also chimed in, "We're losing control of the aircraft here!" And the relief pilot added, "We've lost all control of the airplane." We don't understand anything. We've tried everything. The first officer now reduced the engines to idle and given their position below the wings, this and some actual pitch down commands, finally caused the aircraft to pitch down to about 11 degrees below the horizon. The first officer said, "I have a problem. It's that I don't have vertical speed. I have no more displays." And the relief pilot said, "We have no valid indications." The vertical speed indication might have been indicating full down at this point or it could indeed be missing as the computer rendered any value above 20,000 feet per minute as invalid. But the fact that they were now finally pitching down caused the speed to start increasing to decrease slightly. But in a cruel twist of fate, because the speed now started increasing, the stall warning system again noticed that it had valid indications and started sounding, giving the perverse effect of indicating a stall when the nose was pitching down but disappearing again when it was pitched back up. This must have been extremely confusing for the pilots but fully in line with the aircraft system design at the time, because no aircraft was ever thought to even get close to that kind of situation that they now found themselves in. The first officer now said, "I have the impression that we have some crazy speed. What do you think?" He then reached over and deployed the speed brake but was immediately told to stow it again by his colleagues. Now this further indicates that the first officer indeed thought that the aircraft was in an overspeed and not in the fully developed stall that they actually were. As the pilots were now trying to troubleshoot, the aircraft was descending with between 10 to 15 000 feet per minute with the nose oscillating between eight degrees nose down and 15 degrees nose up. Each time it pitched down, the stall warning would activate and when it pitched up again, it would silence. The bank angle varied between 20 and 40 degrees to the right and it's likely that it was mostly the yaw damper which was controlling rudder who kept the aircraft from going into a spin. At time 02:12:10, the thrust was again moved into the climb detent and 20 seconds later, the aircraft stopped banking to the right and instead started oscillating left and right which the first officer continued to try and correct with his side stick. The relief pilot asked the captain, "What do you think? What do we need to do?" But the captain who had not been informed about the nature of the initial failure nor about the rapid climb in the beginning of the emergency was completely perplexed. He just answered, "There, I don't know. There it's going down." Clearly, just trying to orient himself of what he was seeing on the different instruments. In the following seconds, there are a lot of confused call-outs from all three pilots. The first officer who was still in control was asking things like, "Am I going down now?" To which the relief pilot responded, "Go down," and the captain, "No! You climb there!" Most likely referring to his pitch attitude, not to what the aircraft was actually doing. At some point here, the first officer actually positions the side stick fully forward for a few seconds. This causes a pitch down and the speed to start increasing and with that, the stall warning came back and the first officer confirms the engines to be in TOGA. This is again an indication of this being his go-to response for the stall warning. He then asked, "What do we have on alti? Referring to the altimeter reading, which was about 20,000 feet at this point. Now this is a bit strange since he should be seeing his altitude in front of him but, unfortunately, we cannot be sure if the first officer had any valid instruments at all in front of him since the flight data recorder didn't capture it. Later examinations of the different failure modes in the computers seems to indicate that he did have it. The captain muttered, "It's impossible," showing that he still couldn't figure out what was going on. During the following seconds, the pilots kept discussing the attitude of the aircraft and how to get the wings horizontal. The confusion is obvious and excruciating to listen to. The first officer explained that he is at the limit with the roll controls. And the captain then suggested that he could use a bit of left rudder to try to stop the right bank. This actually seemed to help momentarily as the aircraft rolled over slightly to the left but soon continued banking right again. The aircraft ascended through 10,000 feet and the first officer called out, "We're there! We're there! We're passing level 100! At this point it was likely very little the pilots could have done to save this aircraft but the relief pilot now called out, "Wait! Me! I have controls." And then started making left inputs but the first officer never let go of his control. So the warning- - Dual input! - Was now heard multiple times for the coming seconds. - [Warning] Dual input. - The first officer called out, "How come we're continuing to go down?" And as he was saying this, the relief pilot instructed the captain to try and reset the flight control computers which he did but the captain also said that it wouldn't make any difference. The relief pilot then started calling out, "Climb! Climb! Climb!" To which the first officer responded, "But I've been at max nose up for a while." That last remark likely finally made the captain understand what was going on and he called out, "No, no, no! Don't climb!" The relief pilot said, "So go down!" And pushed his side stick forward but the first officer was still holding his side stick backwards causing a new dual input warning. And since the two inputs were now averaged, nothing happened. "So give me the controls. Controls to me! Controls to me!" First officer responded, "Go ahead! You have the controls! We're still in TOGA." The nose was now lowered seven degrees below the horizon and the speed indication came back together with another stall warning. Seven seconds later, despite having given the controls to the relief pilot, the first officer again started pulling back on the controls causing another dual input alert. - Dual input. - The thrust levers was also momentarily pulled back to idle and then moved forward again, likely to try and achieve any type of change to the situation. The captain called out from jump seat, "Watch out! You're pitching up there! But it now seems like the relief pilot had changed his mind about strategy because he called out, "I'm pitching up! I'm pitching up!! And when the captain continued to warn about doing that, he responded, "Well, we need to do it. We're at 4,000 feet." The next thing that could be heard on the cockpit voice recorder was the GPWS system calling out... - Sink rate. Pull up! - As the aircraft fell through 2,500 feet. This caused the captain to also change his mind and he called out, "Go on! Pull!" As the first officer chimed in, Let's go! Pull up! Pull up! Pull up!" Both pilots now pulled maximum back on their side stick causing the nose to pitch up to 16 degrees above the horizon. The speed at this point was 107 knots forward but an equal heart-wrenching 107 knots downwards. At time 02:14:22, the first officer, again pushed his takeover button and kept it pressed, this locked out the control from the relief pilot. The synthetic cockpit voice recorder called out... - Priority right. - The first officer now pulled in panic back and called out, "Damn! We're going to crash!" Followed by, "This can't be true!" And, "What's happening?" The captain barked out an order, "10 degrees pitch up!" while the stall and GPWS warnings were blaring in the background. - [GPWS Warning] Pull up! Pull up! Pull up! - The relief pilot now tried, for the last time, to pitch forward but since the first officer was holding the takeover button, his inputs had no effect. Even if they would have, this was far too late to do anything about the situation. - Pull up! - At time 02:14:28, the Airbus 330 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean at a 45-degree angle and a vertical speed of 10,900 feet per minute. The forces exerted on the airframe was equivalent to someone being dropped from the 46th floor of a building straight into the ground. It immediately shattered the aircraft into thousands of pieces and all 228 people on board were immediately lost. (somber chime) Completely unaware of the horrific fate of the aircraft, the four control centers that were planned to be in contact with the flight, soon started contacting each other to verify if anyone had heard anything from the aircraft. It soon became clear that there had been no sign from the flight since time 01:35 and the crew hadn't checked in at the various position checkpoints that they should have. Since the problem with HF radio contact was not uncommon in this part of the Atlantic Ocean, no one took any particular notice of this for the first few hours. There continued to be several calls made between the different ATC centers verifying if anything had been heard. And other aircraft flying on the same route were asked to try and contact the flight but with no success. The same went for trying to contact them via SatCom, which is a type of satellite telephone as well as EICAS messages sent from Air France. Three hours after the accident, the flight was first registered as missing and a further three hours later, the first emergency message was sent out by Madrid in Spain and as well as from Senegalese ATC control centers. This triggered the first search and rescue planes to be sent out towards the last known location of the aircraft. On the 2nd of June, 2009, two days after the accident, the first floating debris was spotted on the ocean surface and three days later, the first debris of victims were recovered from the sea. This was the beginning of a two-year long search and rescue effort that included charting the entire underwater terrain in the area where the aircraft was thought to have gone down. The search was divided into several campaigns with the last one starting in March of 2011. And on the 2nd of April that year, the wreckage was finally located on a relatively flat area at the sea floor at a depth of about 12,800 feet and six and a half miles away from its last EICAS transmitted position. This meant that thousands of pieces could be recovered including both the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder which were, miraculously, in good condition. The fact that both recorders were found was what finally led to the final report and the details that I've just told you. So what conclusions did the final report bring? Why did this horrible accident actually happen? Well, the fact was that no component on the aircraft actually failed but the pitot tubes and their heating elements were temporarily overwhelmed by external factors that were likely outside of what they had been certified for. This then led to a loss of reliable air speed and that, in turn, caused a cascade of temporary system degradations, warnings and autopilot disconnections that caused a severe startle to the operating crew. The crew was expected to apply the procedure for unreliable air speed but never did so. Instead the initial pitch up reaction by the pilot flying led to a continuously worsening energy situation which was discovered late by the pilot monitoring. The subsequent corrections were too small, leading to the aircraft exiting the flight performance envelope and entering into a sustained stall. This fact was not understood by the pilot, most likely because of lack of training but possibly also because they might have thought that the warning was erroneous since it didn't match their mental model of what was going on. In any case, these stall conditions was never discussed or verbalized by the pilots during the whole sequence. The lack of identification of that stall meant that the crew never initiated any countermeasures against it. This accident sent shock waves through the aviation industry and led to several safety recommendations including the formation of a formal upset prevention and recovery technique training module for all pilots out there. That included the effects of high altitude flying and stall recoveries. It also led to new memory items for flights with unreliable air speed which are now focused on disconnecting automatics and setting correct pitch and power immediately to keep the aircraft flying safe before starting any troubleshooting. The investigation also recommended the insertion of a camera in the cockpit to show all instrument indications as well as several other recommendations around the pitot probes, black boxes, the Airbus stall warning system as well as search and rescue improvements. Several other recommendations were also made but the most important lessons that we, pilots, need to take away from this accident are that we really need to understand the aircraft that we're flying. That means understanding all of the systems, what happens if those systems are degraded and also how the aircraft might react differently when flying at high altitude versus at low altitude. And lastly, never forget to continue to fly the aircraft. If a startle happens, remember that pitch and power will keep you safe. Keep the aircraft flying. And only after that, try to figure out what has actually happened. As long as the aircraft is flying, there will be plenty of time to troubleshoot. As always, this story was based on the accident final report but due to its complexity and the many human factors involved, I have also used several other sources and I want to specially mention, Understanding Air France 447 by Bill Palmer which was instrumental in broadening my system's understanding of the Airbus 330. I highly recommend it. Now check out this video next or binge on this playlist. Consider subscribing to the channel if you think that I've earned it and if you wanna support the work that we do here, then consider becoming part of my awesome Patreon crew or buy yourself some merch. Have an absolutely fantastic day wherever you are and I'll see you next time. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MentourPilot [959 likes]: 🌏 Get Exclusive NordVPN deal here ➼ https://nordvpn.com/pilot It’s risk-free with Nord’s 30-day money-back guarantee! ✌
  2. @muzza_r [4 likes]: Airbus must take a hefty share of the blame here. Lack of force feedback in the side sticks is inexcusable, and simply averaging control inputs is madness.

The relief pilot could not sense through the sidestick that the First Officer was pitching up, and after the relief pilot took control, he likely had no idea that the FO was giving opposite sidestick input.

Unintuitive control systems without physical feedback are a recipe for disaster in emergency situations, when the systems give up and simply hand controls to the pilot.
  3. @anyman75: That looks like very bad UI design by the Airbus caused this accident...
  4. @Zanzibee: The first officer panicked and his reaction to that killed his wife, and every other person on that plane. Some people can’t handle stress. Unfortunately, his response was discovered at the worst possible time.
  5. @PM-gx2bp: Who is this guy? He is like an encyclopedia.
  6. @elliotfinnie5013: My friend unfortunately knew a couple on that flight unfortunately
  7. @ClimbnFish: Reports are the actual pilot had been with his mistress all night.  Didn’t get hardly any sleep.  His bad choices killed them all imho.
  8. @fishkake: I would like to point out a potential equipment failure or calibration error. If it takes you 4 minutes to make toast, then your toaster is broken, or you like really burnt toast!
  9. @toomanyspreedsheets9802: I am confused why you called this the Titanic of the Skies. Maybe the aftermath impact? Idk Titanic lasted over 2h's (I think close to 3 - cause of the engineer's in the bunkers never stopping to shovel in coal which helped keep Titanic from Capsizing and prolonging its 'lifeboat' status - most boats back then didn't have lifeboats because the big ship was supposed to serve as one long enough for help).
  10. @toomanyspreedsheets9802: Brings up the Pitot Probes "Oh no". I saw a Air Disaster where the Pitot got stuffed with I think a home of one of the solitary bees, someone forgot to cover them.
  11. @mariopayne3851: Hey, 787 size commercial aircraft just executed a wobbly and very unstable looking go around at Moncton International Airport in Cebu Philippines. Just a heads up on potential issues
  12. @hirdx: Pierre Cedric Bonin killed all of these people.
  13. @flyguy8883: How did a iceberg go up there?
  14. @UkrainoTV: No training on mental stall recovery recommendations were provided.
  15. @Srinathji_Das: Great video!
I bet if the stall warning didn't sound like a phone ringing at a busy restaurant, and instead said the word STALL this probably wouldn't have happened.

Really beautiful and amazing video.
  16. @RubenCruz-uo6ku: Wow! Most of the videos I see here are about stalling! Scared of that sh...
  17. @ThomasTilden-i9m: Many comments say that if the pilots just let go of the control when airspeed failed, everything would be OK. Not true. Of course, PILOT ERROR WAS THE MAIN CAUSE.   BUT, power was back at airspeed failure to slow to turbulence penetration airspeed. Assuming the wings remained level (they did not), if no pitch input was made and power was not increased the airplane would eventually stall all by itself! 
From the BEA final accident report “in this control law (alternate law with loss of airspeed) the aeroplane, placed in a condition where thrust is not sufficient to maintain speed on the flight path, would end up by stalling without any inputs on the sidestick.”
  18. @Paellain: The F.O probably tried to follow the F.D when they got down, as the altitude was set in cruise. When they dropped and the altitude set was above, he hold the stick up to the F.D in stress. In addition, the Relief Captain never pressed the "Side Stick Priority" button.
  19. @mp2173-f6b: Great video!! thanks!! but, I wonder... how was it there in the cabin?? it was a night flight, so, maybe the passengers were asleep and didn't realize? or was there something that made them realize that there was something going very bad? I have the hope that their last moments were not that terrifying...
  20. @jesterr7133: Just imagine how this would have played out if the pilots had been flying the plane, rather than a malfunctioning computer.

- The Miracle Landing of TACA 110 | Mayday: Air Disaster: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] it's a rough ride aboard a 737 on descent to New Orleans we are getting tumbled around pretty good A violent thunderstorm has caught the pilots off guard mayday mayday T 110 we are in the middle of a storm we're talking about the equivalent of an atomic bomb going off everything went black all the alarms start sounding in the carpet we lost an engine both engines with no thrust the Lane won't get far I don't think I will make it I don't have any power on the engines 38 passengers suddenly face a terrifying Prospect they will crash in minutes look that's where we're going to go in you got it my friend okay unless the crew of tacka flight 110 can perform one of the greatest Feats in the history of commercial Aviation all right made it made it a brand new Boeing 737 is making its way through heavy thunderstorms and hail 30,000 ft above the Gulf of Mexico taka Airlines is a small family-owned operation based in El Salvador taka flight 110 left Biz City less than 2 hours ago Bound for New Orleans among the 38 pass passers gracias no one is more eager to arrive in the US than Lee Burmeister I've been down to coer for about a month and um my appendix ruptured and had surgery in a small little village it was a scary time I was really ready to get home the heavy weather the crew is now coping with is a big change from earlier in the flight I remember that it was a very sunny day when we left Biz everything was going well it was just like that it it was pretty and then all of a sudden it was the blackest Sky I've ever seen in the afternoon they're flying over the Gulf of Mexico in May at this time of year the weather is unpredictable violent storms can form in a matter of minutes thunderstorms have all types of Hazards in them from the The Heavy Rain hail uh lightning micr burst wind shear severe icing we're talking about the equivalent of an atomic bomb going walk a tremendous amount of energy to avoid dangerous storms the crew tracks the weather with onboard radar but the technology has limitations Airborne weather radar typically uh operates in an xand which is a a certain wavelength and has limited power as a matter of fact hail is not picked up on Airborne radar so we will sometimes get hail blowing off a storm and yet it'll only show up as green or yellow in front of us on the weather radar not as the heart of a red thunderstorm and and unfortunately this is one of the reasons we have to try to stay as far away from thunderstorms as we can Captain Carlos dardo was born to fly at just 29 he is the third generation in a family of Pilots anti ice on since I was a little child I remember that I was dreaming on being a pilot and being around airplanes all the time Captain dardo has had to overcome tremendous obstacles to earn his wings 6 years earlier in 1982 he was flying for a small general aviation company I was doing a little air taxi business around the country El Salvador was consumed by a Civil War and dardo found himself caught in the crossfire had a little Grass wrongway Airport I was shot by gorillas in the face badly wounded he managed to fly his passengers to safety we just take off and I stayed really low between priest and I flew 20 minutes back to the main airport the brush with death cost him his left eye I was shut over here the bullet went through but dardo did not give up on his dream despite his impaired Vision he went on to become a certified commercial pilot T 110 Runway 28 Final Approach course continue inbound descended pilot supression maintain 4,000 thank you sir T 110 4,000 first officer dionio Lopez has more than 12,000 flight hours he and dardo have know together many times Captain Arturo SLE is a flight instructor with taker Airlines he's on board today to observe the performance of this new plane a 737 300 series The Jet was delivered to taker Airlines just 2 weeks ago this hill is going to scratch the paint we were really worried about the pain coming off the airplane because this is a brand new airplane in the company the 300 is the latest in the world's most successful line of twin engine passenger Jets it's more aerodynamic than its predecessor it also features a new state-of-the-art engine design when you pick up a new jetliner worth millions and millions and fly at home with a brand new paint job and everything is nice and new it is not just a thrill for the crew it's a thrill for the airl L too especially a smaller one like taka this was a big big deal 50 km from the New Orleans airport the plane begins its final descent it feel like you hit a wall there was severe turbulence in the carpet with a lot of uh noise with ice hitting the airplane give us all awful lots of lots of lightning and the the plane was having a pretty rough trip we were we were getting tumbled around pretty good as ofly attendants to take their seats attendant please take your seats suddenly less than 177,000 ft from the ground the flight becomes all the more terrible terrifying it was very strange because it had never happened to me before the lights had never gone off during turbulence everything went black all the alarms start sounding in the CET all the instruments went out so I hit throttles a couple of times trying to just go to Basics control the airplane there lost power on the engines then I find out that we didn't have any power I've got nothing the plane has enough speed to Glide but not for long it will rapidly lose altitude as it does no power also means no electricity for all of the onboard systems in the New Orleans control tower flight 110 disappears from radar taka 110 approach say altitude T 110 this is New Orleans approach control how do you hear without power communication with the plane is now impossible it's really quiet there aren't any engine sounds there aren't any lights it feels like you're in a dark room without any power in less than a minute the 737 drops almost 1,000 ft it continues to fall we are dropping at 1,500 ft per minute and without power there is no way to restart the engines well we knew we didn't have much time to try to find out where to land or what kind of emergency landing we're going to have or that we're going to have the engine started again the altimeter and attitude indicator have backup battery power nothing else is working the a started the Apu or auxiliary power unit is a backup generator that provides emergency power to vital systems but starting it takes time and with each passing second taker flight 110 Falls closer and closer to the water below it was very quiet you could hear the hail hitting the plane I was thinking that this was this was it that it's going down and and this is this is my last day buers watch the gauges without power to the engines the state-ofthe-art jetliner has become a 43 ton glider we were wondering if we can get the Apu going really fast you know you're gliding down in middle of thunderstorm trying to to get the power going ifuse up and running when the lights came back on I was relieved I thought it was something temporary no big deal the Apu is now providing emergency power to the plane systems but the engines are still not running to fire up the powerful turbo fan engines the crew must follow the procedure for a complete engine restart pass to idle a few L off the Apu can generate the power to restart the engines but it takes time it takes like 30 seconds or so but it feels like your life for on my day to New Orleans get us out of this storm and to our Runway may they may they tuer 110 we uh we are in the middle of the storm sir we need vectors to the runway now sir we lost an engine both engines both engines sir both engines understand both engines T 11 Roger the controller knows he needs to get the plane on the ground as soon as possible even if it means sending it to another airport t a 110 Roger turn left heading 280 vectors to Navy calendar Runway 22 flight 110 is still 32 km from New Orleans the stricken plane has a better chance of landing at a US Naval Base 27 km away but the plane will not make it to any airport unless the crew gets the engine started 39 30 hit only 5,000 ft from the ground the left engine ignites okay good job start working on the other one the plane can fly with only one engine but both engines would be safer especially in bad weather request a vector back to New Orleans okay we have one engine back on request vectors to New Orleans problem uh t a 110 wico fly heading to ner0 Vector around the thunderstorms to your right meanwhile Captain Cay is taking the steps to fire up the second engine here comes the other one and here comes the other one speed all right and you got both of them with both engines back it appears the crisis is over okay sir we have both engines back now we really appreciate what you've done for us we are going to go down to 3 1 0 for the engines to come back on it really didn't make anybody feel that much better we are still in a mess look I don't feel any power why don't I feel any power something's wrong the engines appear to be running but they're not providing any thrust sucker is not stared then the gauges show that the engines are overheating they're burning up from the inside the risk of a catastrophic engine fire now leaves dardo no choice he must do something no pilot would ever want to do shut down both engines for good once again the play plane is without power and falling fast we knew that we don't have any possibility to restart the engines and then we have to start looking for some place to land the plane is quickly closing in on 3,000 ft at the rate it's dropping it won't make it to New Orleans okay where do I put this thing down visibility begins to improve when the plane breaks through the storm clouds but it's still raining and dardo has less than 3 to find a place to land I was seeing just swampy land land all over the place New Orleans is surrounded by canals and lakes the city is protected by a system of levies man-made barriers designed to prevent flooding it's no place to try to land a 737 we uh we don't have power on the engines tack 110 I'm going to Vector you to Lakefront Airport you're only 11 M from Lakefront I don't think I will make it I don't have any power in the engines I guess we'll have to go down we're going to declare an emergency we're going to have to decide where to put this thing Taco 110 do you have visual reference to the ground at this time yes sir Tacko 110 there is an interstate highway directly ahead of you at 12:00 and 7 miles let see what it is landing on a highway may be Doo's only option it was probably a possibility but you always know that the free ways are full of cars said no way I going to try to land in the highway because we'll kill many more people so that was not our option really 11 years earlier a southern Airways flight facing a similar emergency was forced to land on a Highway in Georgia the crash landing killed nine people on the ground and 63 people on board the plane I don't think we're going to be able to make it there you're 6 miles away from Lakefront Airport can you make it there no sir we're at 2,000 ft and losing altitude the crew only has one option left I guess I'm going to have to make a ditching here sir they must take their chances and put the plane down on the water tack a 110 Roger whatever you need to do sir and that was about the last communication with the tower then we were like uh 1,500 ft when that was on this is New Orleans Tower we have an inbound 737 probable ditching 45 Souls on board the Coast Guard is immediately deployed dardo plans to put the plane down in the canal directly ahead of him okay there put it down softly it was kind of the the feeling of everyone on the plane that we weren't going to get out of this it was a doomsday kind of feeling and that's this was it excuse me what's going the steward's body language I didn't even have to understand what they were saying you could just see them in distress the 737 can only stay in the air for another minute as dardo looks for a safe stretch of canal to drop the plane in another option appears look look at that one over there and then Lopez so the levy parallel to the canal that we were making the approach on we put it that on the grass yes boss the levy is much shorter and narrower than a Runway but it looks safer than the water got it my friend they will have to act fast to get there prer to C you don't even have time to think about being scared so I can't say I was scared we had to start preparing the cabin I had to assume crash position and it was really difficult for me because um I had just had surgery you kidding me and I had stitches going up the middle of my stomach stitches operation passengers only have seconds to prepare the passengers had to take off their shoes their jewelry they had to put their shoes under the seat in front of them so we went through the whole emergency checklist air traffic control can no longer pick up the low flying 737 on radar the controller asks other planes to look for it 6 tequilo Alpha if you could check your East just slightly to the sou 3 to 4 miles we lost an aircraft down there 737 if you could let me know what you see Roger Kil Al the six I'll see what I can do I felt scared when I got back to my seat that's the moment when I really got scared okay with the gear down all right but Captain dardo is still flying towards the water well the levy was parallel to my right to have any hope of landing on the levy he needs to make a sudden and dramatic course correction that requires a risky maneuver known as a s slip so we just had to do a little bit side slip to get into position to to make a perfect Landing it's a move meant for small planes and gliders not a 43 ton Boe 737 but it's a risk he has to take I prayed I was in disbelief that this was happening only 700 ft separate the plane from the ground without engines the pilots have no thrust reverses to slow the plane when it touches down dardo has an additional challenge with only one eye he's unable to gauge depth as he speeds towards the narrow rain soaked strip of grass oh God oh God I was prepared for the plane to blow up and explode I was prepared for a tragic event and mentally had said goodbye to my family this is it there's a high cement wall in front of the levy and a steep embankment on the left there may not be enough room to land out for doing on that side I see it come on I'll keep the thingle awayy keep the thing we T down with one wheel and the other one was it a hard laning yes if the seat belt snapped we would have flown through the plane for sure on the Soggy grass the plane is in danger of skidding off the levy into the water I was trying just to control the airplane not to to hit the brakes and not to lose the airplane at the last minute you know the spoilers were out so we were just just thinking okay we make it we make it we make it very good very good very good Char very my it was surprise it was a hard Landing but um but it was a nice it was a nice landing um just to be alive The Landing was spectacular the plane landed so smoothly there wasn't even a bit of turbulence A Perfect Landing that was uh I think the most beautiful Landing that ever made when I looked out my window there was no fire so I immediately opened the door and deployed the slide they told us to get off the plane that that the plane was going to blow up the New Orleans controller has no idea what has become of Tacker flight 110 another aircraft relays the news to the tower k alp to six everything looks okay looks like he did a pretty good job I made it you're not going to believe where they are for the first time in history a 737 without any engines has landed safely outside of an airport now investigators must find out why the sophisticated engines on a brand new jetliner failed in mid-flight Pilots call this a dead stick Landing a landing with no engines as it turns out taka 110 has landed on NASA property this is the Mishu facility where they manufacture parts for the space shuttle the evacuation was quick we got out of the plane quickly we slid down those shoots I got to the top of the levy and there were some nurses that were on the plane and they looked at my stitches and everything no major injuries just one person that has had an operation but she's okay you headed New Orleans and soon after an ambulance came put me a stretcher and and took me to the hospital we have to thank gu that's right that's right yes and our captain because he kept the C now that's not something you see every day within hours of the emergency in investigators arrive and begin examining the damaged plane to end up with a jetliner sitting on a levy having landed there being perfectly intact uh is almost an unbelievable site it's beyond incredible there a couple of questions for you but first thing I'd like to say is nice landing so tell me when did the engine trouble start investigators meet with the crew right away they want to know exactly what was happening happening when the engines flamed out we were descending through 165 when both our engines flam out at the same time that both of them coming apart at the same time is an infinitesimal possibility this plane was powered by one of the most advanced and widely used jet engines on Earth the cfm56 it Powers not only the Boeing 737 but airb and military planes as well the cfm56 is just a Marvel of current engineering aeronautic there thousands and thousands of them out there and they almost never ever fail but two CFM 56s had failed on this one plane alone investigators desperately need to know why I haven't flown through too many storms that intense they turn their attention to the weather conditions it's considered a very rare occurrence for engines to have flamed out in flight and uh therefore the con concentration was on what possibility would cause this is there an environmental effect since they were flying through rain and hail tell me about the storm the winds were Fierce there was so much rain and hail we could barely see Al window dense in the fuselage revealed that the plane was struck by hail almost an inch in diameter if the hail was strong enough to damage the exterior of the plane investigators wonder if it crippled the engines as well a turbo fan engine is made up of a system of fans and Blades a large fan brings air into the engine a series of blades compresses the incoming air which mixes with fuel to ignite spinning the turbines deep inside the engine the first thing you look for is to find the parts and then look in the front and the back of the engine to determine if there's damage that might explain something has gone in the engine or something has broken inside the engine to appearer inside the engine they use a boroscope this is where you put the little TV camera on the end of that scope of some sort you can look in the internal hot section of the engine and see what they could see no hell damage to the compressor that I can see keep going deeper let's see what's at the center but the turbines deep inside the engine are charred this turbines are almost completely melted when the engine uh overheats uh if the overheat is allowed to occur long enough then it will cause melting of the turbine blades so when did you get the temperature warning the engines started to overheat right after we started them and the damage to the turbine which is the melting of the blades means that you can no longer produce Thrust out of that engine the charred turbines do not explain why the engine stopped working in the first place for some reason flight 110s engines had quit started and only then burned up but before the search for answers can continue investigators are confronted with another problem the plane is starting to sink it can't stay here much longer maybe NASA has some ideas the levy was never meant to support 43,000 kg a jetliner has an awful lot of weight on a very small footprint you leave a plane there for 2 or 3 days you may have it mired up to its subc caps there was barely enough room to land the plane on the levy getting the plane off of it could be even more challenging you've got really three ways to get this airplane out of there one is to fly it out secondly to disassemble it or third put it on a barge but it's not as easy as it sounds disassembling the plane could cause more damage do you think we can fly it off the decision is made they'll attempt to take off and fly the plane to New Orleans the very first problem of getting the airplane ready to fly was getting the engines to the point of reliability which meant they had to replace the right engine it was just cooked it was it was too far gone left engine was probably going to need to be overhauled but they could fly it out with that after replacing the right engine they bring in test pilots to get the plane off the ground and to the airport 24 km away in New Orleans it's a it's a good safe operation that we're that we're doing here today but we can accelerate up to virtually to takeoff speed and then if we decided to stop why we could stop airplane with no passengers and very little fuel to weigh the plane down it reaches takeoff speed in just 365 M the investigation at the emergency landing site comes to a dramatic end in most scenarios in which an airplane comes down in the wrong place but is still intact you probably never get it out that way this just happened to be amazing luck hey guys investigators must now try to figure out why the engines failed in mid-flight if rain caused them to shut down thousands of other planes are at risk this was an incredible situation because these engines are just too reliable that they go through a thunderstorm well that's not supposed to do it so what happened the cfm56 engines are designed to withstand a heavy rainstorm most water is diverted away from the core while in Flight whatever makes it inside should evaporate or drain from the engine the engines were sent back to the GE test facil faity in Ohio where they have the Test Facilities that can recreate water ingestion testing if some hidden design floor caused the engines to fail investigators need to find it they hope water ingestion testing can provide some answers once they got these engines in the shop and started testing them the very first thing was to go to the FAA standard the way FAA had tested them in the past and what have been approved okay let's see what they can handle you basically uh spray water from nozzles into the inlet of the engine and the amount of water you adjust in percentage to the amount of air to simulate flight conditions despite rigorous water testing the engine does not flame out like we thought wasn't the rain nothing went wrong the engine continued to run so obviously something else should happen so they needed to examine this in much more detail was there something more severe about the weather we lost an engine both engines both engines sir investigators study all available data on the storm that somehow brought down tflight 110 that was more than a thunderstorm it was a hail storm in the case of the uh t uh we had uh basically a a frontal system to the north some very strong winds in a vertical producing several hail events and in the southern latitudes you don't typically see too many hail storms so it was abnormal the engines are designed to ingest water but investigators are unsure if hail acts differently from water inside the engine they never thought about hail getting into the core hail is only created in a thunderstorm it basically starts as a raindrop it goes up above the freezing level freezes becomes a piece of ice then as it gets heavier drops back down below the freezing level coats another layer of water around it and gets back into the updraft again brought the higher altitudes and refreezes so hail is multiple layers of ice that forms on a particle investigators learned that the engines were designed to withstand the impact from hailstones of a certain size the FAA standards called for a mixture of hail sizes of 1 in and 2in diameter balls some of the hail Tacker 110 encountered was smaller than that those smaller pieces of hail could make their way through the fan and compressor blades accumulating deep inside the engine where they would melt hail was considered to not be a factor in the center core but if it had been what would it look like investigators calculate the amount of hail that could have entered the engine core they then estimate the volume of water the melting ice would have produced that's substantially more water investigators want to know if this excess water overwhelmed the engines and caused the failure okay let's try more water and see what happens they perform another water ingestion test this time adding even more water to account for the hail inside the engines so if they used enough water to emulate that maybe they could make it fail well they tried using a high speed on the engine and still it wouldn't fail okay what are we missing or were there's something unique about the engine operation itself that that might have contributed to the engine losing power engine performance figures from the flight data recorder give investigators a new lead just before the flame out H power is down to 35% tack 110 Runway 28 Final Approach course continue inbound descended pilot 4,000 thank you sir T 41 4,000 they just started their descent thank you sir T 110 4,000 as the plane began its Final Approach to New Orleans the engines automatically reduced power to slow down for their descent at a lower pass power setting the engines may not have been able to handle as much water we've been testing everything in accordance with the normal FAA methodologies at high speed on the engines but these guys were indecent to new orlans they repeat the test this time with less power to the engines so we want to see what happens when we add the same amount of water but with the engines powered down to 35% okay the big aha moment was when they realized that it was the speed of the engine that was managing to get the engine through the ingestion of as much water as they could throw at it and presumably as much hail but when the engine went down to idle that's when they managed to find the key that's when the engine couldn't handle it well now we know what happened bad timing and that test gave a completely different result investigators have discovered why the engines flamed out it showed something that no one understood at the time because in all the testing and all the logic that had gone into it they hadn't taken into account the slow speeds on the engine on descent at the lower speeds uh the hail having a significant velocity in momentum can actually see an opening between the fan blades and it's able to get through the fan blades and directly into the core the engines filled with hail and water and flamed out for investigators only one mystery remains look don't feel any power what went wrong after the Tacker crew restarted their engines the sucker is not started why did they overheat and fail when the engines on the 737 flamed out the crew knew they had to act fast we've lost power on the engines to have any hope of restoring engine power they first needed to get the Apu running get the Apu started since the engines were no longer spinning they had stopped ingesting air and water but a success restart was far from guaranteed if you do not have all the proper conditions you can get what's called a hot start which means that you have too much fuel for the amount of air going into it and the flame will now migrate into the turbine where it could overheat it after studying the engine data from the flight recorder investigators conclude that the overheating and ultimate failure of the engines was in fact due to a hot start may they may they T 110 we lost an both engines with his engines flooded with fuel and no time to properly drain them dardo hit the ignition switch if it didn't get all the timing correctly then this is what's going to happen you're going to get a hot start I can't be critical of a pilot in that condition that aircraft is coming down rain and hail from an intense storm crippled a modern passenger jet and nearly led to disaster investigators must find a way to make sure it never happens again one of the beauties of Aviation and Aviation safety is when we find there's a problem everybody works together to solve it and in this case the problem indicated a need for an engine change not not a complete design overhaul but just a few tweaks but that was done almost immediately much to the credit of everybody involved the shape of the engine nose cone and the spacing of the fan blades are modified in order to better deflect hail away from the core also additional bleed doors are added to drain more water from engine that sort of thing hasn't happened again and there are thousands and thousands of these engines flying every day for hours and hours and hours within a year of the incident 737 300s around the world are retrofitted with the upgrades the plane involved in the daring Landing is back in service within a month look look at that one over there got it my friend the crew's actions on flight 110 are legendary in the aviation world the decision making at the very end when they were going to put it in the canal and saw an opportunity to put it on dry ground and did so that was superlative it was the decision Mak investigators credit the calm nerves and determination of Captain dardo watch out for doing on that side I see it for avoiding what could have been a fatal disaster Captain Carlos dardo is dubbed a hero in the media passengers that day were overjoyed dardo and his crew kept the calm and because of that 45 people who rode that plane are alive today today the dardo family tradition continues Carlos's son and daughter have followed in their Father's Footsteps both becoming Pilots at the beginning I was met when I chot I lost part of my vision and then I had this accident that everything went well and 20 years later I have a career and have a good life and life is for a reason a reason is for life

  Top Comments:
  1. @kellyanderson7624 [1 likes]: That Capt saved all those lives by staying calm, just like Sully. And God was on their side too.
  2. @ascent8487 [1 likes]: If you can fly all your passengers to safety after having gotten your eye shot out, you are definitely a stealy eyed missile man, and absolutely BORN to be a pilot.
  3. @PierWaai: Crazy story....wow
  4. @cheryll8008: The pilot was so skilled that he saved everyone
  5. @AromaBlue: This to me is more impressive than "miracle on the Hudson". This man was what just inspiring. A one eyed pilot that survived the unsurvivable multiple times, did his job and retired an unsung hero. Let's all celebrate his professionalism❤❤❤❤❤🎉
  6. @rolliepolitics: As a Salvadoran, this documentary deeply moves me. TACA Flight 110 is not only an extraordinary aviation achievement, but also a story of courage, resilience, and national pride.

TACA was much more than just an airline — it was a living bridge connecting Salvadorans at home and abroad. It represented a time when, despite many challenges, our country moved forward with determination and ambition.

Captain Carlos Dardano truly embodies that spirit. A survivor of the civil war, permanently marked by his injuries, he demonstrated extraordinary professionalism and composure by saving every passenger on board. His story goes beyond aviation — it speaks to human dignity.

Today, even though TACA no longer exists as an independent brand, its legacy remains alive in the memory of many Salvadorans. This documentary reminds us not only of a remarkable event, but also of a part of who we are.
  7. @paulglennie7559: Why did they fail? Because they are man made! God was on their side that day!
  8. @skrame01: I find it hard to believe there isnt battery backup for the most important things like radio and instruments.
  9. @mikimauski: Absolutely amazing! WOW
  10. @1FIVE1GAMING: Wow! What a fantastic story!!!💚💚💚
  11. @TJL-12: Beautiful Job !!!!
  12. @majirayne1063: Amazing! One eyed pilot pulls off the impossible!
  13. @carlitobrigante-z6f: something doesn't sound right. they didn't have to move the airplane due to the bogging down into the wet ground.
They could have  put "snowshoes" on the landing gears or large plywood or metal panels to distribute the weight and prevent sinking.
  14. @emasga6163: Interesting fact: Captain Dárdano founded an aviation school in his natal El Salvador some years after this heroic landing.  The academy expanded through time to provide certified training to pilots, aviation mechanics and cabin crew.
  15. @johnsoprano1595: this guys skill in top tier best of all time
  16. @RisaKolacke: I notice when God is prayed to or mentioned in this case these dire circumstances have better outcomes.
  17. @fijijournal: sounds to me like the co pilot deserves just as much credit as the pilot
  18. @bwk4528: It's very disappointing that they missed enough detail of the flight out to imply they would take off from the landing site when the plane was actually towed to a runway and took off from there.
  19. @ElisabethPlesner: Don't you think, the hail damaged the propellers, then the damaged propellers caused overheating, because the maschines couldn't overcome the damadge.
  20. @BobbieNatividad: ❤

- A Crash That Made Boeing Change Their System| Mayday: Air Disaster: Kind: captions Language: en we're beginning our descent towards Amsterdam Turkish Airlines flight 1951 is preparing to land in Amsterdam turkish1951 descending to 7000 speed 250. the crew is flying a state-of-the-art Boeing 737. flaps 15 localizer alive localizer capture in the final moments of the flight The Landing turns into a catastrophe the plane Falls like a rock the crash of Turkish Airlines flight 1951 involves the most popular plane on Earth with nearly one and a half million passengers boarding 737s every day investigators need to figure out if the problem was with the plane or with the pilots flying it amazing foreign [Music] on the morning of February the 25th 2009 Turkish Airlines flight 1951 becomes the first plane to crash at Amsterdam's skibble airport in more than 10 years smashed into the ground really hard and made a tremendous noise the plane hits the ground in a muddy field just north of Runway 18 right since the crash was so close to the airport rescue workers arrived quickly survivors are taken straight to local hospitals images of the Amsterdam accident quickly spread around the world this is the third crash of a passenger jet in the past six weeks the sudden nature of this accident adds to the mystery it doesn't take long for the Dutch safety board to arrive at the scene they will be investigating this accident but they won't be alone the crash involved an American-made plane so the U.S national Transportation safety board sends Joe sadore one of its most experienced investigators to Amsterdam when it's a non-us registered aircraft that crashes overseas such as this Turkish Airlines we are the state of of manufacture and design of the airframe and also in this case the engines fuselage in three large pieces engines forward of the main wreck site flight 1951 was one of the most advanced aircraft in the skies the Boeing 737-800 series it's designed to travel longer routes at higher altitudes the new generation 737 is still the best airplane boy never built we developed an airplane that had an improved Wing improved avionics simpler systems that required less maintenance investigators know this isn't just any plane the 737 is the world's best-selling commercial jet finding out why this one crashed is imperative there are more than 5 000 of them in the skies they carry about one and a half million passengers a day investigators must quickly determine if there's a floor with the plane that could cause another accident what they know so far is that flight 1951 had been traveling from Istanbul Turkey to Amsterdam there were 128 passengers on board the early morning flight including four Engineers from Boeing Airport please raise your seat backs to the upright position and stow away your tray tables there was no mention on board of any kind of trouble in the cockpit the crash has killed nine people including three members of the Boeing team and the pilots in the cockpit see if you can get me some Aerials of the crashing there are Eerie similarities to another recent accident involving a Boeing aircraft British Airways flight 38. approximately a year before this there had been a triple seven short landing at Heathrow which had a dual engine flame art in that accident a Boeing triple seven fell to the ground short of the runway the British Airways Pilots reported that both their engines stopped delivering power just before landing at the time of the Turkish airways crash the cause of that accident hasn't been found like in that case investigators have plenty of Clues to work with the plane and its engines are largely intact the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder are found in good condition there are also plenty of survivors to describe what happened according to the passengers The Landing had been routine but then suddenly the plane simply dropped out of the sky and hit the ground but perhaps the biggest clue comes from the crash site itself the wreckage is not spread out it tells investigators that the plane could not have been traveling forward at high speed when it hit the ground the way the aircraft had crashed it did appear to be some sort of a landing accident in which there was moderate control of some sort the pattern of debris and the passenger reports Point investigators to an immediate suspect the engines the engine's issue was a very big issue in my thought process at the time initially there's no evidence of fire on the fuselage in many crashes fuel in the plane's tanks ignites on impact the lack of fire raises an obvious question did the engine stop running because flight 1951 had simply run out of gas that was one of the first thoughts that I had was does this airplane have fuel aboard because otherwise how does a 737 literally fall out of the sky on approach to an airport but the location and condition of the plane's engines suggests that perhaps they didn't quit in Flight sure looks like it was running when we first looked at where the engines ended up the initial impression was that they probably were producing thrust at impact given that they were so far forward of the main wreckage that was just a very general uh conclusion only the flight data recorder can tell investigators how much power the engines were generating in the seconds before the crash lots of fuel rules that out it doesn't take long to discover that there was plenty of fuel in the plane's tanks flight 1951 definitely did not run out of gas engers report that in the final seconds before the crash the plane hit what felt like turbulence it points investigators to a well-known culprit a microburst a microburst is a powerful column of air that shoots out of storm clouds it can literally slam a low-flying plane to the ground if an airplane flies into that at approach speeds you're not going to be flying anymore you're going to come out of the sky certainly it was one of the things that all of us took a look at at the beginning was there a microburst in 1985 a Delta Airlines flight was caught in a microburst while landing at Dallas-Fort Worth Airport the plane hit the ground short of the runway 137 people were killed investigators learned that there were heavy clouds above the airport at the time of the accident powerful gust of wind May well have accompanied them the flight data recorder will have recorded wind speeds outside the plane investigators will need to analyze the flight data to prove the microburst Theory in the meantime the rescue has led to an unusual discovery there was three pilots in the cockpit which is unusual this is a two crew cockpit so why was that third pilot there since none of the three Pilots survived the accident it's all the more urgent for investigators to retrieve the data from the cockpit voice recorder it records conversations in the cockpit they're in luck because of the way that the aircraft crashed accessed the recorders and the condition of the recorders was excellent the reason for the third pilot is soon uncovered flying stand of the Rival route visibility 3500 meters expected to decrease to 2500 meters for first officer Murat cesare this had been a training flight of sorts he was new to the airline and was being shown the intricacies of landing at Amsterdam's Airport in the Jepsen charts which is what all Pilots use to navigate to and from skiphold there's 102 pages of information on skiff hold alone so there's dozens of approaches Runway 18 right has three high-speed exits to the left the captain Hassan arasan was doing double duty he was training his first officer make small corrections as we get close to the runway and was in command of flight 1951. it's because Captain arasan was teaching that there was the third pilot in the cockpit was a safety pilot he was there to keep an eye on the flight's progress during this training mission the purpose of that second set of eyes is to make sure that that the captain and the first officer if they are in a situation where it's a little bit of a training portion of the flight that they don't miss something we've got a clean recording the voice recorder reveals that the three crew members began preparations for landing when still above 8 500 feet but the voice recorder has picked up an unusual sound a warning that makes no sense at this stage of the flight one of the investigators from Boeing was a engineering pilot that came and helped with the CDR and he's listening to see when or are there any unusual sounds that can be heard that would not be normal our ils-182 8 right the same 4000 ILS 18 right the alarm keeps sounding it's the landing gear configuration warning horn Captain arasan continually dismisses it 1951 descent 4000 ILS 18 right landing gear is that the landing gear warning they're 8 300 feet here the warning is a solid clue but investigators can't yet see how it could possibly have caused a crash the crew of Turkish Airlines flight 1951 got warnings to extend their landing gear while still thousands of feet in the air and the initial listen we heard a gear warning horn occur as the aircraft was approaching when it was still up and it was coming in about 10 000 feet and below investigators now turn to the flight data recorder to help solve some of the Mysteries surrounding this flight the analysis of wind speeds outside the aircraft is completed it's clear none are drastic enough to have brought down the planes evidence of a microburst but the flight data recorder does provide some valuable insight into the cause of the landing gear warning one of the instruments that measures altitude had the plane already on the ground when we looked and saw the radio Altima data and the recorder it showed about 8 000 feet and then immediately it went down to about -8 minus eight feet is an indication that the aircraft's on the ground but of course it's still at two thousand feet the Boeing 737 is equipped with two separate altimeters one measures air pressure to determine the plane's height above sea level that reading is displayed prominently in the cockpit on both Pilots flight display the plane is also equipped with a radio altimeter it's made up of four antennas two transmit signals to the ground and two others read the signal that bounces back to determine the plane's height it's precise it's very very precise pressure altimeters can sometimes be not as accurate and radar altimeters are 100 accurate if they're working properly one antenna feeds the reading to the first officer's display the other feeds the captain's instruments in the case of flight 1951 the captain's side was wrong most of the flight investigators go back over the CVR and make a puzzling discovery Amsterdam turkish1951 5-0 ultimate Captain arasan seems to have known that the landing gear warning was being caused by a faulty radio altimeter the airplane thought that it was low to the ground and the gear was not down and the captain recognized that the problem was really in the radio altimeter showing him that they should be on the ground and he goes it's just the radio throughout much of the approach the captain's radio altimeter had been displaying a reading of -8 feet triggering the warning to lower the gear they treated it like it was a nuisance investigators dig for any other abnormalities they learned that with flight 1951 still about 17 kilometers from the airport controllers directed the pilots to begin their final turn to line up with the runway Turkish 1951 left heading 2-1-0 cleared approach one eight right left to one zero cleared ILS Turkish 210 sensor this turn puts flight 1951 in line with Runway 18 right it's equipped with an instrument Landing system which sends out a signal outlining the ideal descent path to the foot of the runway the autopilot follows that Glide path until the plane is a few hundred feet from the ground then the pilot takes over it makes Landing almost effortless the ILS is pretty easy to file it's a video game my daughter has flown in a simulator and and can land a 737 using the ILS the crew begins configuring their plane for landing unfazed by the warning horn that's repeatedly triggered by the malfunctioning radio altimeter kilometers out flight 1951 picks up the ILS signal that will guide the plane to the runway localize our life localizer capture the safety pilot Olga now reminds Captain arasan about the failed altimeter we have radio automator failure sir okay Runway one eight right clear to land clear the land thank you investigators are stumped the crew knew about the malfunction and continued their approach how had it then caused them to crash clearly there was more to this accident than a faulty altimeter the whole premise of Airline safety uh the way we build the airplanes the way we fly them is based on the idea that we can have any number of failures and we should still be able to arrive safely the radio altimeter is just one instrument there's no way in the world that that one instrument if it fails should uh be a major cause of worry that we're going to have a crash investigators wonder if the crew had been given proper guidance for their approach they turned to exchanges between the pilots and the controller who guided them in they carefully review every instruction Turkish 1951 left heading 2-1-0 cleared approach one eight rights by following the controller's instructions the crew made their final turn much too close to the runway so they intercept properly they should be here International guidelines call for approaching planes to intercept a signal that guides them to the runway From Below it's so Pilots don't have to make any drastic last-minute course corrections to get to it The Intercept here they had to descend but flight 1951 was given instructions that brought it to the threshold of the Glide slope while still way above it it's a common practice at skipol because it gets planes to the runway faster they were so close they had to capture the Glide slope from above although it is an unusual situation it is one that that can be handled by a flight crew if it is managed properly approaching a Glide slope from above is more difficult mostly because the crew has to suddenly slow the plane and descend rapidly to intercept the signal we also call this a slam dunk approach and some Pilots like it some Pilots don't it's a little bit harder and things happen quicker when you're above the Glide path trying to intercept from from above and it's just a challenge for a lot of Pilots the approach from above increased the crew's workload but its standard practice at skipol airport I've flown in to skip old dozens of times and I expect it if the controller's instructions had somehow over taxed This Crew their conversations would indicate it they're just five kilometers from the runway thousand Jack flaps 40. you break armed green light one thing at a time Gear down three green flaps flaps 40 green light 500. all lights on please warn the cabin crew Okay Kevin crew take your seats then real trouble a stall warning speeds up I have control 100 knots of speed arasan fought to save his plane but just 400 feet above the ground at only one and a half kilometers from the runway the Boeing 737 suddenly fell straight down it only took a few seconds for it to hit the ground Turkish 1951 the recording sheds light on the final minutes of the flight the crew was configuring their plane for landing well after it should have been done have regulations that call for a flight to be stabilized to have all checklists completed by the time the plane hits one thousand feet in instrument conditions uh you required a thousand feet to have basically everything done the airplane is configured you have slowed you have run your before landing check and you've received your Landing clearance and from a thousand feet on in you just monitor the instruments and we're looking for please warn the cabin crew in fact this crew was still running their checklist after the moment the crisis hit 460 feet above the ground this approach was not stabilized because the aircraft was unstable the flight crew was in a very high workload environment in the last thousand feet of flight the radio altimeter was malfunctioning the aircraft was giving off warnings the crew was assigned a challenging approach and they were executing a checklist late but none of this explains why flight 1951 crashed in these type of accidents you can never get inside the head of the pilots and that's a very frustrating type of accident provide another intriguing clue moments before flight 1951 hit the ground the plane's engines were at idle hardly providing any power perhaps this accident is a repeat of the Heathrow incident the engines it was interesting to note were at idle approximately the last two minutes of flight until the very end when the thrust was increased again that was a big red flag right there the question is why was that the case but then they spot something that's very different from the accident at Heathrow [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flare mode for some reason while still more than a thousand feet above the ground the plane's computer began preparing to touch down in retired Flair mode engine power is reduced to idle by the flight computer and the plane's nose automatically pitches up to the flare position planes should only be in this configuration just before they touch the the autopilot raises the nose to break the Descent the auto throttles brings the power back to flight idle and you touch down with the power either all the way in idle are just about to be an idol but fly to 1951 went into a slow nose up position well before touchdown causing the plane to fly slower and slower throughout its descent so why was flight 1951 in landing mode and why hadn't any of the three crew members noticed how slowly they were flying so what else is going on when the engines went to idle the trouble seems to start with the malfunctioning altimeter we had to look at the system as a whole and see how that minus eight affected the other systems on the aircraft and that was a very big portion of this investigation we had to say how did the autopilot use that data more importantly how did the auto throttle use that data the computer that flies the plane consists of two main systems the autopilot and the auto throttle the auto throttle determines how much power to ask the engines for while the autopilot controls the plane's altitude and direction the two systems work independently of each other and only one of the radio altimeters provides information to the auto throttle in this case I had to learn everything there was about radio altimeters and auto throttle systems which I didn't know before the pieces of the puzzle begin coming together when they find the connection between the faulty radio altimeter and engine power the radio alternator provides information to the auto throttle from the captain side the only altimeter feeding information to the auto throttle was the captains and it was wrong it showed minus eight feet throughout most of flight 1951's approach it's beginning to look like the faulty radio altimeter triggered the events that led to the crash investigators need to know what went wrong with it on a 737 the transmitting and receiving antennas for both radio altimeters are lined up underneath the cockpit three of the antennas were all but destroyed in the crash they can't be tested but one antenna from the captain's side is undamaged investigators consider two possibilities a failure of one of the components or some sort of interference that caused the faulty reading the only component that survived the crash checks out the computers that control the system also work but investigators do make a curious discovery about them they aren't the same ones that were installed on the plane when it was delivered to Turkish Airlines seven years ago this find changes the focus of the investigation the maintenance aspect of this accident aircraft was one that we looked at as deeply as we could when the plane's maintenance log is studied investigators find that the radio altimeter on this plane had a problematic history we got additional data from Turkish Airlines and that data showed that on this one aircraft of the past I believe over a thousand flights there was about 150 flights that had faulty radio altimeter systems the documents show that a little more than a year before the crash both computers were replaced because of complaints they were causing faulty readings one of the incidents involved a radio altimeter reading of -8 feet so that was telling us that there was a an issue that had been there the issue did not just occur on this flight the faulty readings persisted mechanics repeatedly swapped the computers and replaced the antennas to try to solve the problem it's determined that Turkish Airlines tried several ways to fix the altimeter but they couldn't find a repair that worked at the time of the accident Turkish Airlines had a fleet of 52 Boeing 737-800 series airplanes it's on page 93 when we reviewed the maintenance data we found that radio altimeter problems had been written up several times on both the axon airplane and the fleet investigators discover that in the year before the crash Turkish Airlines dealt with 235 system faults with the radio altimeters on their 737s fixes ranged from replacing and exchanging antennas cleaning of the systems exchanging and replacing the computers and installing gaskets to Shield the system from possible water damage it's not like they weren't doing anything about it the Turkish Airlines maintenance Personnel knew that the radio altimeter problem was one of their highest issues with regard to maintenance 16 of those altimeter repairs were made to the plane that crashed in February 2009. if the problem was so widespread investigators wonder why it hadn't caused serious problems before this accident they don't have to dig too far back to find out that in fact it had on this very same plane two recent flights they had the exact same problem twice in the 48 Hours leading up to the the radio altimeter showed a negative reading putting the plane into [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flare mode both times the crew noticed the problem disengage the auto throttles and brought the plane in for a safe landing you just disconnect and fly the airplane in the months after the crash other operators come forward with similar stories in Australia in the Netherlands in Canada in Austria Pilots report their 737s going into [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flare mode when the left radio altimeter showed a faulty reading each of those Crews reacted the same way they disengaged the auto throttle and pushed the power back up manually they all landed safely things are going to break on an airplane and usually you're able to to identify that and take that out of make it so that it's not a threat for the landing in 2008 Boeing received a whopping 2569 reports of faulty radio altimeters on their latest 737s but very few of those cases involved the plane going into [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flare mode hardly any reports at all Boeing also tried but couldn't find the cause of the failures They concluded that the radio altimeter problem was not a threat to safety because the 737 gives off enough warnings so that Crews can intervene and land safely in fact in every instance where the radio altimeter failed Crews were able to recover Kish Airlines flight 1951 seems to be the one exception investigators still don't know why it really got us wondering of what happened and that's when we started to look really closely at the at the actions of the flight Crews while it was on that Final Approach in less than a thousand feet finally as investigators again revisit the last minutes of flight 1951. the circumstances of the tragedy become clear they see a remarkable sequence of events that transpire to bring down this plane so what was happening when the plane went into retired flare mode they discovered that the plane went into landing mode and pulled back power at the worst possible moment exactly as the crew was descending to meet the Glide slope it masked what was actually happened as the crew configured their plane to drop down to meet the Glide slope they expected the plane to slow down as part of that maneuver but the plane was actually slowing down because the computer was in landing mode that's why none of the three Pilots said anything about the throttles moving to idle it was Insidious where it first captured in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mode it didn't hurt them at all because they were actually high and they were a little bit fast and the pilots actually wanted the power back anyway in fact the throttles may have already been in the flight idle mode as they were trying to get down and slow down the treble starts here at 8 300 feet 13 miles out from the airport minutes before the crash Turkish 1951 descending 7000 speed 250. speed okay for ILS right radio ultimate but would the crew have known that because of that radio altimeter they would have gone to a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flare mode in the throttles no it was a common problem at the airline but the crew couldn't see the risk it posed this flight we have an airplane that was malfunctioning in a very minor way but in a way that if not caught could and did metastasize into something much more virulent 2000 1951 Turkish 1951 left heading two one zero cleared approach one eight right left two on zero clear ILS Turkish 1951 the left the 210 degrees maintaining two thousand feet brings the plate in right here 5.5 miles out we now have to intercept the Glide slope from above at two thousand feet with the Glide slope below them the pilots have to reduce their speed while descending steeply speed one four zero they believe the throttles are moving back for The Descent to the Glide slope in fact the auto throttle is slowing the plane down because it's gone into landing mode it will continue to slow the plane until it stalls what we found is that when the flight crew was doing their before landing checklist each one of them was doing something while they should have been monitoring their airspeed for the next 100 seconds no one notices what's happening until it's too late established altitude set thousand check flaps 40 speed set the experienced pilot recognized that the first officer is probably a little bit behind on the approach so he calls for Flash 40 and moves the lever informing the first officer that he has done so he's trying to help the first officer catch up to the position of the aircraft speed brake green light one thing at a time landing gear the plane is now 700 feet from the ground gear down three green flaps flaps 40 green light in their haste to complete their checklist none of the three crew members noticed the warnings that their speed is dropping Dangerously first a red bar appeared on their flight then when the airspeed continued to drop a flashing box appeared around their actual AirSpeed to draw the Pilot's attention to it at this point no one sees either cabin report confirmed the aircraft is now 600 feet from Landing when things start changing colors it's a warning to you it's a caution to you that you're approaching the limits of the aircraft missed approach altitude set 500 so all these indications the crew has in front of them saying that the aircraft is slowing down during that time they were still completing their checklist of course the aircraft is getting closer to the ground in fact it's less than 500 feet from touchdown and right before the stick Shaker started the captain told the safety pilot group speed zone I have control by the time they Advance the travels to full power it was unrecoverable they were too low for the engines to catch up and that's it it's now too late to save this plane they all knew about the altimeter problem but knowing didn't help Boeing also didn't foresee the potentially deadly effect of a faulty but on February 25th 2009 it triggered an unusual sequence of events that brought down a jetliner and killed nine people the official report into the accident blames it on a convergence of circumstances there is never ever just one cause to an airline accident it simply doesn't exist maybe someday God will swap one out of the sky but until then there's never one cause the Dutch report also points out that Boeing could have realized the problem with the radio altimeter system could have had an impact on safety given that no one foresaw how that failure might cause a crash the Turkish Airlines accident raises a big question are airplanes becoming too complex investigators have determined that Turkish Airlines flight 1951 crashed mainly because the pilots didn't recognize the consequences of the warnings they were getting turkish1951 descent to four thousand this is not the first plane to crash because the crew didn't understand what their plane was telling them our problem is not the automation our problem is the depth of the training and the ability of the human beings to recover from mistakes made in interfacing with the automation Mika Ensley studies the relationship between pilots and Technology we haven't really designed the automation to take best advantage of what people do well and take them take away the parts that people don't do well in 1996 the crew of an aero Peru 757 crashed when the pilots couldn't decipher contradictory warnings about their altitude and airspeed the plane flew into the Pacific Ocean 61 passengers and nine crew members were killed in 1995 the flight management system on a Boeing 757 could and should have steered the plane to a safe landing in Kali Colombia but a last-minute change to the flight plan meant the crew had to reprogram their computer they mistakenly entered a course that took them headlong into a 9 000 foot Mountain 159 people died in the crash the cautionary tale here is that we can get this equipment we can get these silicon-based units if you will So Sophisticated that we can't talk to them effectively and when they go berserk or they have a problem or we misprogram them we end up putting ourselves and our passengers in danger while we're trying to figure it out NASA is working on something called the integrated intelligent Flight Deck it's a project aimed at helping humans better use the technology that surrounds them in the cockpit they're looking at automated flight manual systems voice recognition systems they've developed new kinds of microphones that are bone conducting chips they're developing new displays for understanding the ground environment for being able to detect where other aircraft are in the environment what some researchers are finding is that the best technology shouldn't replace Pilots but work with them really integrating people with technology more effectively has to do with designing the displays so that you can really understand what it's doing and you can make it simpler to understand how to make it do what it is you want it to do you shouldn't have to push 16 buttons through eight levels of menus to figure out what's going on with the system it should be integrated and presented effectively it should be as easy to communicate with as the person next to you Boeing and Airbus the two largest manufacturers of passenger planes take very different approaches to the relationship between humans and Technology Airbus gives the flight computer much of the decision-making power in the cockpit in their view this is a way to prevent a lot of human Errors By by making sure the airplane doesn't do something that's going to cause a crash even if the humans wanted to but Boeing has a different view its philosophy is to provide information to pilots and have them make decisions having more information is better for the pilot than having the pilot in the loop in the equation so to speak I kind of like that Airbus will argue vociferously and and in continuous fashion that that view is archaic and incorrect I think the jury is still out the final report into the Turkish Airlines tragedy blames the crash of Flight 1951 partly on a failure of Technology the erroneous radio altimeter data caused the auto throttle to go to a improper mode that is of course not a good situation the cause of the radio altimeter failure was never uncovered the Dutch investigation asks Boeing to improve the reliability of the system we learned a lot about the radio altimeter system and how it affects the auto throttle system Boeing is currently working on on system improvements to to prevent this type of Auto throttle event from occurring again but the report also faults the crew for not noticing that their AirSpeed was dropping dangerously low in spite of the fact that there were three pilots on board forget that you got an auto throttle you look at the airspeed and you look at the altitude you look out the damn window if you want to but AirSpeed is a crucial component of staying in alive in an airplane and you always need to know what your AirSpeed is but Tamika Ensley the crew's failure to monitor instruments is entirely understandable and may be more the fault of the instruments than the crew it's actually very difficult for people to be monitors of automation one of the things that people don't do a good job of actually is monitoring we're very good on the spot decision makers we're very good at coming up with Creative Solutions to problems but repetitive monitoring is the kind of thing that actually people aren't very good at at all so what we have to do is design automation to work with people in a way that keeps them more actively cognitively involved and in the loop and not just monitoring a piece of automation to say is it doing what it's supposed to be doing who's the ultimate computer the pilot the individual who should be able to say I don't know what this thing is doing to me but I'm punching it off and flying the airplane fly the jet probably the smartest thing we ever learned to say in our training in the airlines fly the jet do that first or nothing else counts that's what they forgot to do

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaydayAirDisaster [491 likes]: Why did pilots ignore system warnings?
  2. @danvsclips8326 [2 likes]: Was there a problem with the stick shaker making it activate too late? It's supposed to be your final warning of a stall to respond to it before it becomes a nigh unrecoverable deep stall, and they responded the second the stick shaker happened
  3. @Sam-e9d2g: 80 prec3nt come crashing  humans  errors  wtf
  4. @aviation-breakdown-z8m: Boing is Boing
  5. @HannahWilson101: Shame on Boeing, they never accept their faults!
  6. @HannahWilson101: 4:06 Instanbul
  7. @MissHeird: Thank you folks who are Boeing engineers for your comments!
  8. @onkarpradhan6482: Its just sad how this is Max 8 before Max 8.
  9. @pobo8382: What is Instanbul???
  10. @davidsutherland667: Could the manufacturer not come up with an in cockpit airbag system. The lost of highly trained personnel as well as the passengers could may be lessened.
  11. @sambarker7930: It's interesting watching this again after everything with the MCAS, and how that revealed the systematic issues within Boeing
  12. @OcarioCopo: Disarm the R/A fuse and hand fly the approach,no auto throttle.basic flying.
  13. @zahikel: It looks like a massive failure mode analysis failure from Boeing to me. A single sensor failure silently turning the engines idle but it’s the pilot’s fault?
  14. @khanhyat1726: 😢
  15. @altynayrais: After this video and the way how Boeing handled first years after the release of 737Max makes me concerned about the company’s safety rules
  16. @Madashell1200: 30:14 it put itself in what mode?
  17. @malygos9301: Throwing shade at airbus for their view on technology when it was Boeing equipment yet again that failed lol yeah Boeings approach seems to be working great.
  18. @lunchtimelunatic2536: I do want your man to go down in the fourth. And I do mean it this time. You understand me no don’t you Turkish?!
  19. @vagrantwanderer5810: i an glad that i never fly
  20. @user-lq6yg8dk2f: He didn't see the airspeed? What bullshit! I'll never get on one of those death traps! Towel heads?

- QF72: Meet hero pilot Kevin Sullivan, whose quick thinking saved 315 people | 7NEWS Spotlight: Kind: captions Language: en (plane engines roaring) (slow music) - [Reporter] It's just after lunch onboard Qantas Flight 72 from Singapore to Perth. - Sir, would you like a drink? - [Reporter] Qantas flight attendant Fuzzy Maiava is busy attending to passengers in the cabin. - [Fuzzy] Orange juice for you, madam. - If I can make your flight a lot easier, I'm your man. And I thought it was going to be another great day, yeah. - [Reporter] Up in the cockpit. - How's everything going? - [Pilot] Very good. - [Reporter] Captain Kevin Sullivan has just climbed back into his seat after a rest break, when suddenly. (instruments beeping) The plane's autopilot disconnects. - Autopilot one appears to have disconnected. - And then we started getting stall warnings. (alarm ringing) - [Man] Stall, stall. getting overspeed warnings. - [Reporter] And then it happens. (dramatic music) Stall, stall. - The plane, it started going down, pitching down violently down. - [Reporter] Tonight for the first time the previously untold story of Qantas' worst ever accident. - Bang, my head went through the cabin ceiling. - [Reporter] How a plane went psycho, injuring 100 passengers and crew. - You died six or seven times on the operating table. - I am lucky to be here alive. - [Reporter] And destroying once happy lives. - It got to the point where I tried to take my own life. - [Reporter] The hero pilot who fought against his own plane to save his passengers and crew. - The automation is there to keep you safe, and was actually trying to kill us. - [Reporter] And how the lessons of Qantas Flight 72 have gone unheeded. - All of us are deeply sorry for the loss of life. - [Reporter] With two planes crashing within six months of each other, killing all 346 people on board. - When you see what's happening with the 737 MAX accidents, they're the same. They were in no man's land. They didn't know what was happening. And their instinctive reaction to pull back and stop the ground from hitting them was not enough to save the day. - [Reporter] Kevin Sullivan doesn't fly anymore. What happened that day in the skies over the Indian Ocean has affected him profoundly. - I could have hidden it, but I think it's more courageous to be honest with yourself and honest to say yeah, it's affected me. I don't shirk my responsibility as a commercial pilot and the captain. I reached the point where it was best that I stop. - [Reporter] Growing up in California, Kevin always dreamed of being a pilot. And by his early 20s he was a Top Gun fighter pilot in the US Navy. - As a F-14 pilot in the Cold War I flew off aircraft carriers, the landing area moves. At night you can't see the landing area until you're actually on it. We were essentially at war. We trained and flew to that level of extreme readiness. - [Reporter] Then came an opportunity to flyMirage jets as part of an exchange programme with the Royal Australian Air Force. - It's a speed machine. At low level I've been very fast, over 600 knots, 1,200 kilometres an hour. (rock music) - [Reporter] The young American loved Australia and those jets so much he ended up settling here. After you, Kevin. - Thank you. How did you organise this? - [Reporter] What do you think? - [Kevin] Yeah, it's pretty special. - [Reporter] The Mirage III, there she is. - We called it the French lady, or the Aussies did, and I do too. No, you can't stand on the seat. - You need a degree just to get in. 35 years along life's runway and Kevin Sullivan's love for his French lady hasn't dimmed. - It's just like getting into a Formula 1 car. You don't have much room. It becomes part of you. - Not a bad place to hone your skills. - There's no automation on this thing. - (laughs) You need to know how to fly this one by hand, I tell ya. Kevin eventually moved onto a job with Qantas flying its biggest passenger jets. - Smooth sailing. - [Reporter] By October 2008, he's had decades of experience as a commercial pilot. But it's his time as a Top Gun that will prove crucial. - We were coming up to the northwest coast of Australia. We could see it out the windscreen. And the Indian Ocean was calm and blue. - [Reporter] On this clear, blue day at the controls of a Qantas Airbus, Captain Kevin Sullivan is about to be tested in the most dramatic way possible. - When was the first indication of trouble? - The autopilot disconnected. And then we started - It sounds like, "Stall, stall." It means the plane will stop flying, it will start to go down. - Stall warning and overspeed at the same time. - It's impossible. - It doesn't make sense to me because overspeed is you're at your maximum limit and stall it means you're at your minimum speed limit. - What the hell? Get Pete back in here. - First officer to the flight deck, please. - And then the plane started moving. And initially it was a dip. - And then it started going down, pitching down aggressively and violently down. It generated a force that we had to brace ourselves against the instrument glare shield to stop from basically hitting the ceiling, even with our seat belts secured. I was accelerating down towards the Indian Ocean and certainly my windscreens were filled with the Indian Ocean. - QF72 is in a death dive and refusing to let Kevin take control. This is my broader understanding. So the plane's flying along. The sensors are giving some sort of information at the computer system that the plane is pointed upwards so it tries to overcorrect. And then obviously points you back down. Is that a fair summary? - Yes, in a way. It's saying, "Sorry, Kev, I'm protecting you. "So I'm not going to let you stop me." Like the HAL 9000 in "2001: A Space Odyssey" where Dave asks him to open the pod bay doors and HAL says, "I'm sorry, Dave. "I can't let you do that." I'm pulling back on the stick and I'm saying, "Hey, HAL, stop moving the nose." And it's like, "I'm sorry, Kev, I can't let you do that." - [Reporter] But no way is this proud ex-fighter pilot going to let a rogue computer beat him. - I was in a near death position and I was going to fight to the death to make sure that didn't happen. (mid-tempo music) - [Reporter] Qantas Flight 72 from Singapore is cruising comfortably at 37,000 feet. - [Woman] I'll have a glass of white wine, please. - Glass of white wine. - [Reporter] In just over two hours, the Airbus A330 will land in Perth. It's been a routine flight. Some of the passengers onboard are off duty Qantas staff returning from holidays. Among them, Bruce Southcott, a flight services manager travelling with his wife, Caroline. - Aircraft was flying flat and still. And I watched the glass of wine sit there without a ripple. - [Reporter] But up in the cockpit the plane's flight control system is going haywire. - [Reporter] The aircraft's computers are telling Captain Kevin Sullivan his plane is about to stall. - [Reporter] And then suddenly the plane is hurtling down towards the Indian Ocean. - There wasn't really any first sign. It just happened. Like the hand of God had just pushed the aircraft down. There was no woo, let's go, as a rollercoaster. It was just like, slam. - [Reporter] Bruce is wearing his seat belt. But Caroline is just coming back from the toilet. - I remember getting hit on the head with the plane. And I just went bang. And before I could think, bang again. And then the third bang, my head went through the cabin ceiling. After the third time it hit me on the head I pretty much was knocked out. - [Reporter] An off duty Qantas pilot, Peter Casey and his wife, Diana, a Qantas customer service manager, have left their seats to say hello to flight attendant Fuzzy Maiava. - Fuzzy, God love him, was down there checking out the catering, as he does. The three of us chatting away. - I placed my meal in the oven. I was focused on the timer, you see, 'cause I was hungry. And then when I saw the exact time on it, it was 13 seconds. And that's when I saw the corner of my eye someone had just shot up. And I just sort of looked down and the plane was disappearing from my feet. (body thudding) - I heard a slight change in the airflow of the aeroplane, and I thought, oh, this is interesting. And the next thing you know, whomp, up we went. - I must have hit something, must have hit the ceiling 'cause I just, I was knocked out. - The three of us up in the ceiling probably only for seconds but it seemed like an eternity. - [Reporter] The Casey's daughters, 17-year-old Becky and 18-year-old Elise, are at the front of the cabin. - The first nosedive, my sister, she grabbed onto the bottom of her chair, and she looked up at me as I was on the top of the aeroplane. - [Reporter] You were actually pinned to the ceiling? - Yeah. - [Reporter] Feel like forever? - It did. It felt like a few minutes. - [Reporter] Back in the cockpit, Kevin Sullivan is desperately trying to take back control of his plane. - We're basically fighting for our lives at this stage. - They had to very quickly discover what part of the aeroplane was trying to kill them and how to stop it from doing so. - [Reporter] If there's any other pilot who understands exactly what Captain Sullivan is facing, it's the other Sully. Captain Chesley Sullenberger lost both his engines in a bird strike and had to land his plane in New York's Hudson River. - Captain, I'd like your insight if I could. I'm trying to tap into I guess the anguish of that moment, what it must have been like for the pilot. - Well at first it would have been confusing, surprising, a huge startle factor. And then one would immediately begin to act to regain control of the aeroplane. - [Reporter] Kevin Sullivan's next move is completely counter-intuitive. Instead of pulling back on the control stick, he lets it go. - I have a choice to make, do I hold onto it, or do I release it? My military training for out of control is to release, neutralise controls. - [Reporter] It works. The plane is no longer falling from the sky. But now passengers are being smashed back down to the floor. (metal clanging) - We heard an almighty crash coming from the cabin. And that was the people's bodies. That was the galleys coming apart. And it sounds like a 40 foot shipping container full of cutlery and glass that is sent down a ramp into a brick wall. - I just came crashing down. My sister, she was eating, and her fork went in my arm. (laughs) Got a bit stuck when I came down. It's the little things that you remember. - When I came back down I hit the armrest. - Armrest, yeah. - And then I realised that all my bones were clicking in my back, and I realised that there was something terribly wrong, very wrong. I couldn't move off the floor. The staff were asking me to go back to my chair. And I couldn't get up at all, I couldn't move my legs at all. - [Reporter] Your legs weren't working? - Nope. My ankle was broken. So my ankle was just sort of hanging. Eventually another passenger came and picked me up and put me in my chair. - Hit the galley bench. That's what woke me up. All I could hear was the crushing sounds my knee is going. I don't know what the heck is going on. All I see is blood rushing out of Peter's head. And Diana, she's unconscious. And then I see the two girls I was looking after. Oh man, one of them who was sat on the aisle seat, she stuck her hand out to me and she was just crying. And to me, that's like my own daughter. I mean, I just couldn't do anything. And I just felt so helpless because I couldn't move. has pulled the plane out of its death dive. - What the hell was that? - [Reporter] But he's still fighting for control. - It's the primary flight computer. - Now we're in this revolver of faulting systems. - In effect, this is a total system collapse. - The plane is starting to melt down. - Automatic brake's not working. Four is not working. - Let's get us back up to 37,000 feet. - I'm still pretty coherent. Yes, my cages are a little bit rattled because we don't know what's happening. - [Reporter] And just two minutes later-- - Don't you do it. - [Reporter] It happens again. - I'm basically a passenger, I'm an observer now. The automation that's there is supposed to be keeping me safe, not putting me into harm's way. And I got very angry. - I thought it was the end. - Really? It was so violent you thought you were going to die? I think being so young as well and not having experienced life outside of high school yet, you don't really know what to expect in the big world. And honestly, I just thought that was it. - All I could hear was the sounds that we were going to die. But you just hope to God that it happens quick. - Death? - Yes, and I don't want to feel any pain. I was frozen like a block of ice just waiting for it to happen. (slow dramatic music) - [Reporter] Once again, Kevin Sullivan's military training saves his plane. - We have lost auto pitch trim. - [Reporter] But he has no idea if, or when, it will happen again. - Another failure in trim three. Reset? - No, no. - [Reporter] Everyone responds to trauma differently. Kevin Sullivan cracks a joke. He picks a line from another of his favourite movies, "Flying High". - Looks like I picked a bad day to quit sniffing glue. - [Reporter] First Officer Peter Lipsett had been on a break when the plane went into its dive. He's injured, but he makes it back to the cockpit. - That's a shit fight out there. I think I've just broken my nose. - Congratulations. Strap in, we're in trouble. - I made the assessment that we were in trouble. And I've never used those terms in any situation prior to that in my extreme flying career. - Mayday, mayday, mayday, Qantas 72, Qantas 72, flight control computer malfunctions and we have significant injuries onboard. is in the fight of his life. The Qantas captain has twice managed to stop his out of control plane from plunging into the Indian Ocean. - Tracking direct to Learmonth. - [Reporter] He needs to get his 315 passengers and crew down onto the ground fast before it happens again. He heads for the nearest airport, the RAAF base at Learmonth on Western Australia's northwest coast. - I couldn't risk exposing myself and the passengers to an out of control aeroplane any longer than I had to. And Learmonth was just off our left wing, and that's where we decided to go. - [Reporter] In the cabin behind him, more than 100 passengers are injured. - [Woman] What's happening? - [Reporter] Many have been knocked unconscious. Others have broken bones and bleeding wounds. - Ladies and gentlemen, this is the flight deck. All passengers to fasten seat belts immediately. - [Reporter] Caroline Southcott is in absolute agony. Her back is broken, and a single piece of skin is keeping her foot attached to her leg. But she no choice, she has to sit in her seat. - I was really worried my bones were going to go through my spinal cord, so I had to hold myself up on the armrest for it must have been 45, 50 minutes. - It wouldn't have been easy 'cause she said she could physically feel and hear her spine just grating like that against each other. - Yeah, it was a very funny noise. Prior to that I've never had pain, bad pain. So it was a matter of life and death. It was a matter of suck it up, princess, you've got to do something here. (both laughing) - [Reporter] Caroline now notices that her nearly severed left foot is facing backwards. - During all this pain she looked down at her ankle and said, "That's not right. "I'm not happy with that." She pulled the ankle forward, rotated it, and clicked it back into place. - Yeah, reset it. I think there was no choice. It was fight or die. - [Reporter] In the rear galley Peter and Diana are all badly injured. Fuzzy is desperate to get to the two unaccompanied children he is looking after, but his legs won't work. - I couldn't even move. I wanted to, I tried so much to reach out. And I knew I could not move. - [Reporter] Peter is bleeding profusely from a head wound. Diana has suffered a badly injured back and shoulder. But somehow, she finds the strength to help the people around her. - I tell you what, Diana, man, she was incredible. She's like, she reminded me of The Hulk. You know, adrenaline came out of her and she could lift anything. And she made it happen. And I can hear Diana saying, "Okay, Fuzzy, you're next." - Come on, nearly there. - [Fuzzy] Man. - [Diana] There we go, just going to put your belt on. - She was incredible. I'm telling you right now, man, that lady deserves recognition for what she did. - [Reporter] Pretty amazing wife you have there. - Mm, very proud of her. Very proud. - Diana Casey is one of the true heroes of this story, but you won't hear her speak. It's an slap in the face to Diana's extraordinary courage, but Qantas has refused to let Diana or any of its current staff be interviewed for this programme. As a former employee, Fuzzy Maiava isn't bound by such small-minded constraints. - How on Earth did she manage to get Fuzzy, if you'll allow me, a reasonably big unit, up off the ground into the seat? - Oh man, she just sort of like just grabbed my hands, and just grabbed me. And I felt like I was being pulled by a 6'8" (laughs) athlete, you know. And then she just looked at me and she just shook me and says, "We're going to be okay," and she gave me a kiss on the forehead and said, "You're going to be fine." - In circumstances like that the pilot in the cockpit gives an order for people to sit down immediately. Well, that's what they got to do. But in this circumstance there were people that were unsecured, and she took it upon herself to break the protocol because a need to, and I totally completely agree with her, there was a need to, to care for people that needed to be secured. - Final check. - [Reporter] With dozens of his passengers requiring urgent medical attention, Kevin Sullivan now has to land his crippled Airbus A330 on that remote airfield at Learmonth. - Okay, we're on visual approach. Manual thrust. Manual pitch trim. - [Reporter] He's now flying his aircraft entirely by hand. But Kevin knows that at any moment, the plane's computer might try to wrest back control. - Gear down. - [Kevin] 1,000 feet, but now we know that at this point if something happens we don't have the altitude to recover. (tyres squealing) (people applauding) - I remember when we landed, everyone clapped. - Kevin's job was outstanding under what I would believe to be immense pressure. - [Reporter] Did you allow yourself just the briefest moment to look down at your arms and legs and think, my goodness, I'm alive? - No, I made another quip. I did my Arnie impersonation from True Lies. I said, "Ya, a little bit of excitement, "otherwise dull day," as we're rolling down-- - You're not even joking, are you? - I'm serious, yeah, of course, because yeah, okay, so that's my release. - [Reporter] Only now is Kevin Sullivan able to walk back through his aircraft to inspect the damage. (child crying) - I call it the walk that changed my life. It's quite confronting. The interior of the cabin was almost destroyed. There are holes above the seats where passenger's heads have punctured the plastic, and there's lots of 'em. Of course, there were children, children had huge contusions on their heads where some were bleeding, and the parents are holding their children, trying to console them. As I walked past, the look of, look what you did to my kid, will never leave. - There was almost a moment for you as you made that walk where you felt it that your heart was breaking. Is that true? - Yes. Time out. (laughs) So this is a critical part. That's a valid question. - I imagine that's one of the most significant moments of your life. I'm the head honcho. I'm the one that has to show leadership and strength. But it's pretty hard when emotional chunks are being ripped off you as you move through the aeroplane. - [Reporter] Qantas Flight 72 has landed at the remote Learmonth air strip on the northwest coast of Western Australia. Captain Kevin Sullivan has brought his plane down safely. But with so many lives in the balance, the emergency is far from over. (sirens wailing) Local rescue crews swarm through the plane. - The emergency services crew came onboard, and it was just like, it was chaos. The pain was unbearable. I think I nearly passed out. And the next minute I got a morphine stick stuck in my mouth. Yeah, "Suck on that, big fella." - I imagine that was a pretty big relief. - Yeah, he said, "Suck on that, big fella." I can remember that, "Suck on that, big fella." (muffled talking) - The safest course of action was for me to come into here, not only because of the aeroplane behaviour but also the injuries that we've all sustained. - [Reporter] In the terminal, Captain Sullivan grabs a megaphone and addresses the passengers who've made it off the Airbus uninjured. - The runway looked pretty good to me. (people laughing) I made some comment about the runway looked pretty damn good to me as we rolled out for landing. And at that point, everybody was cheering again. - [Reporter] Kevin is relieved to be on the ground, but he now knows what was happening in the cabin while he was wrestling for control of the plane. More than 100 passengers are injured, some critically. - There were accelerated into the ceiling and with such a force that their heads broke through the plastic-- - It's not soft. - [Kevin] It's aviation grade plastic. - [Reporter] The most seriously injured are airlifted to Perth by the Royal Flying Doctor Service. Among them, Caroline Southcott. - The pain in my back, it was pretty bad. I can remember just fighting to keep breathing, because I thought if I stop breathing I'll go unconscious and then no one's going to get me back. - You're initially thinking about, well, what's post-injury going to be like? How is she going to walk, and will she walk, and all that. And then they take it to the next level and say to ya, "Well no, what we're saying here "is that her survival is in doubt." And that's when I went, "Oh." That's when you do freak. - [Reporter] She's rushed into emergency surgery with a broken back. Her life is slipping away. - I'm lucky I can walk and I'm lucky to be here alive, yeah. - How would you describe the surgery that Caroline went through? - In her graphic terms? - [Reporter] Yeah. - "They cut me down here and then they put me gizzards "on the table so they could get to it." Like your spine's on your back, as everyone knows. But the injury had to be addressed from the front of the spine. So they had to do all that. And then put everything back in place and stitch her up. - They put it on the table and did their work and then they put it back in again. - Threw it back in. - [Reporter] But there's pain behind Caroline's laughter. Her body is now a miracle of surgical architecture. - They were able to replace my vertebrae with a cage, and biological cement and bone from my hip that I can even move. It's not 100%, but it's better than it was. Here they come. - Geesey, geesies. - Come on goosey, goosey, goose. - [Bruce] Food. - [Reporter] Then there's the mental anguish. Nowadays, Bruce and Caroline live as near recluses on their property in Queensland. It's one of the few places they feel safe. Becky refuses to fly and lives with the trauma every day. - [Reporter] I can see how painful it is, these memories that you're still living with. It's still very real. - Very. Very. - How has this changed you? - I'm quite an emotional ball now. (laughs) I saw psychologists. They diagnosed me with PTSD. It's not a fun thing to have when you're 17. I was medicated until I was pregnant with my first child, and that's when I had to come off them. Yeah, it's not a nice thing when you're a teenager. - [Reporter] Flight attendant Fuzzy Maiava can't work anymore because of his injuries. - I had to replace both knees. I have now got two titanium knees. And I ruptured a spleen and my spine. I have seven damaged discs. That's a pain I get every day, and they trigger on the nightmares and the flashbacks. It's really severe, it's really bad. I can't even sleep properly at night. I toss and turn, and that's when the flashbacks come. So in order for me to get around that, I keep hitting the wall just to ground myself. - Gee, Fuzzy, that is an enormous thing for one person to have to deal with. Even now you're still having flashbacks, still hitting the wall. - Mate, it got to a point, the seriousness of it, it got to the point where I tried to take my own life. I ended up in ICU for a coma for a week because I couldn't take it any longer. I had been medically retired as well, and I thought to myself, what's happening? It was like I'd been just discarded. - Some of the victims of QF72 received six-figure payouts, but not Fuzzy. As an employee, Qantas offered him just $33,000, a settlement he rejected on legal advice. In the end, this proud man was left with nothing. Fuzzy, do you feel as though you were properly supported? - Like I said, I have the greatest respect for Qantas. - [Reporter] It's a tough question, I know. - I can see that even now you're reluctant to criticise the airline that you loved. But the reality is that for you some support, any support would have made the world of difference. - It would have helped me and my family a great deal, to be honest. - [Reporter] Kevin Sullivan didn't suffer any physical injuries, but the events of that day continue to haunt him. Three years ago, he made the difficult decision to stop flying. - You hold onto those images, those memories as if they were yesterday. And that's just what your brain does when you're in this sort of near-death traumatic experience. Your brain records in high definition, and it stays in there. It doesn't go away. - [Reporter] Qantas Flight 72 was cruising at 37,000 feet when the onboard computer suddenly went haywire. - [Reporter] Sending the plane hurtling downwards. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau blamed incorrect data for the emergency, but it hasn't been able to explain how or why that happened. It all sounds eerily similar to the recent Boeing MAX crashes. In those two cases, flight computers reacted to faulty data. The pilots couldn't regain control of their planes, and 346 people died. - It's important also to remember that while humans are often the least predictable part of the safety system, they are by far the most resilient and adaptable, the ones who can confront a challenge they've never seen before, and in a short period of time figure out a way to solve even that crisis. (people cheering) - [Reporter] Captain Chesley Sullenberger, the hero of the Hudson River landing, believes that replacing pilot skills with increased automation is a fatal mistake. - What we've learned in aviation is that automation does not decrease errors. But it changes the nature of errors that are made. As we use more and more technology in the cockpits, we must always make sure that the humans are in complete control of the aircraft and its flight path. - [Reporter] As a former elite fighter pilot, Kevin Sullivan had the skills to bring his plane down safely. The passengers and crew of QF72 know they were incredibly lucky. - This guy saved my life. And he gave me an opportunity to be here, and I am breathing, I'm here, I'm here in the flesh because of that man. - [Reporter] Fuzzy Maiava is now campaigning to get Captain Sullivan and his flight crew the recognition they deserve. - I think they deserve the Qantas Diamond Chairman Award, and also the Cross of Valour. I believe that's Australia's highest civilian bravery award. So if you're out there, please sign that petition so it'll help get Kevin and his men acknowledged and recognised for what they did. - We owe our lives, period. - Mm, yeah, everyone does. - Do you think he should be recognised for that? - [Caroline] Absolutely. - Knighted. (laughs) - Knighted. He definitely saved 315 people's lives. - [Bruce] Yeah. - [Reporter] Hero? - Definitely. Definitely, without a doubt. - [Reporter] What would you say to him? And give him a big hug. - [Reporter] Becky can't get on a plane to deliver that hug. But Fuzzy Maiava has bravely cast aside his fear of flying and flown from New Zealand to thank his hero in person. - And I know you still think about the passengers. They're very top of mind for you. We actually have one of them here now to say a bit of a hello. - Is that right? - He's just over there, over your left shoulder. You might remember this young man. - Kevin, hey, come on. Oh, mate. (laughs) Good to see you, my brother. - Fuzzy. - Good to see you. (laughs) - [Kevin] Yeah. - Oh, mate, you look-- - Welcome. Oh, my brother. Oh, mate. Mate. - [Reporter] He has been dying to see you, Kev. - I have been, yeah. - Fuzzy, is this the first time you've flown? - Yes, this is the first. Mate, I've been dying to meet up with you. You're the reason I'm here. If it wasn't for you, Kevin, we would not be here. - Well-- - And I'm serious. - Thank you, Fuzzy. - A lot of people may have said it's their job, they get paid for it. No, this is very unique. And that's why I was so passionate in trying to get this in the public realm to get the Qantas Group and the Australian government to acknowledge and recognise you because this is something unique and it's unheard of. And that's why I'm so passionate and I'll never give up. I will never give up for you, brother. I will never give up. (men laughing) - [Reporter] And those calls for recognition are taking off. What Kevin Sullivan achieved that day has come to represent a line in the sand for pilots who refuse to relinquish any more control of their planes to computers. - Captain Sullivan, from one Sully to another, I congratulate you on having built and led your team well in facing such an extreme crisis on QF72, keeping your passengers and crew safe. And since you're a former US Navy naval aviator and fighter pilot, bravo zulu, I salute you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Scott-iu2jx [1 likes]: May this account never be forgotten in future generations to come ❤👏🙏
  2. @skrame01: I hate long stupid repetitive overdramatic intros.
  3. @triciamccarrick4979: Poor Kevin he was a true hero  a complete genius  to have landed the plane
  4. @padisharcreel451: What caused it? What made the computer do what it did? Faulty data isn't good enough. Somebody should be demanding more. And Fuzzy should be decently compensated $33,000 is chump change try millions 👍👍 Captain Sullivan you are a hero dealing with so many problems all at once and no one died? AMAZING!
  5. @Fcope-p4w: God bless all of those went through this trauma! to the pilot for an amazing feat!
  6. @dr.edwardmoskowitz4328: Dear Fuzzy, please know you are a hero too. I’m sorry for what it caused you to go through. Please know that we are proud of you and you were there and you helped others. Blessings to you fuzzy and know you have a family in Pocatello Idaho USA, that sends you and your family love and hugs. Your demeanor is perspicacious, loving, caring. Thank you for doing all you did. Your are a man of honor
Julie Moskowitz BSN MSN CFNP ADULT AND Pediatric urology/ surgery
  7. @gregmiller9710: the movie the captain took the line ' picked a bad day to quit sniffing glue' was from Airplane...not 'flying high...
  8. @AmyW-b6g: This pilot is a hero.
  9. @angshusarma8331: I ain't flying Quantus no more...Ya'll need to take care of your family. That's not how it works. I am sorry, but I am done...no more Quantus for me.
  10. @miraleatardiff8543: 'Looks like I picked a bad day to quit sniffing glue.' - quote from Airplane!
I know that is something I would have said had it been me.

Thematic statement:
35:58 Captain Chesley Sullenberger, the hero of the Hudson River landing, believes that replacing pilot skills with increased automation is a fatal mistake.

'What we've learned in aviation is that automation does not decrease errors. But it changes the nature of errors that are made. As we use more and more technology in the cockpits, we must always make sure that the humans are in complete control of the aircraft and its flight path.'
Thank goodness that Captain Sullivan had the skills required to take control and safely land that aeroplane without the computer.
  11. @carolynsimpson412: I am glad everyone was compensated but what about Fuzzy.  Dip into your pockets Quantus and give this man a million.  He has suffered enough. I hope eventually Quantus does the right thing.
  12. @Dan-mi8qx: Get fuzzie reimbursement now quantis it is you should be ashamed of your selves
  13. @Dan-mi8qx: Kudos captain great job was not there but I'm sure the others are right always hold your head high don't sucomb to self scrutiny be proud of the saving of all of your  passengers
  14. @MaryMartinish: So typical of companies like QANTAS to put money ahead of everything else!
DISGRACE!!
God bless the pilots, Fuzzy, Diana and everyone on the plane.🙏🏼🌹🇭🇲
  15. @MidnightWarrior1976: Sounds just like Airbus
  16. @tristanzotaj5887: Next 15 years Soli supports Heros Kavi life Armstrong before to make experts for flying all tips flying close to God love...
  17. @nilsador9630: What was wrong with the plane? This guy saved 300 people
  18. @Nasara520: Women are built different when in pain. She freakin' reset her ankle and the other one had her back broken and she's helping people
  19. @forestcottage7321: Fuzzy is a beautiful kind soul. He should have received enormous workcover compensation!!! I hope he is doing well with his family. ❤❤
  20. @Johnny-nv4qr: Someone on that plane was a real devil 😈..

- WE CAN'T LAND! The Incredible Story of Air India 101: Kind: captions Language: en we're really you know stuck and there's no fuel New York September 11th 2018 high up in the skies Air India 101 is approaching johnf Kennedy International Airport for a second attempt to land this plane has just suffered multiple sensitive instrument failures after a 14-hour flight they are running low on fear they also lost the ILS the device that helps the pilots land the plane especially in poor weather outside the cockpit it's raining heavily with clouds all around them the pilots are Flying Blind and it's next to impossible to spot the runway with every passing minute they are using up more fuel and they have to land now the lives of 357 people on board now depends on what the pilots do in the next few minutes with a they able to avoid another tragedy on September 11th in New York let's find out this is a story of Air India Flight 101 it's a warm Autumn night in new delhi's indraa Gandhi International Airport 342 passengers and 15 crew were preparing for their 14-hour long flight to New York the us is a popular destination for Indian students and tourists and the plane was at maximum capacity this flight from delhi's IGI to New York's JFK is air India's Flagship rout this flight would take the passengers over the polar route flying over the rugged terrain of Pakistan Russia Finland Greenland and Canada before entering the USA the plane for today's flight was a Bo boing 7300 extended range twin jet it's fitted with two ge90 1115b engines this plane was first delivered to Air India in 2009 and it has been in operation for over 9 years the trip 7 can be flown by two pilots but because this flight was 15 hours long and needed to cover around 12,000 km ai11 had four Pilots two served as a main crew and the other two as a relief crew the commander was Captain rustam Pia a 49-year-old with 3,500 hours on the type with him in the cockpit were Captain vikas Captain shashant Singh and Captain Ds butty it's the first time the four of them were flying together during the pre-flight briefing the engineering staff reported that the flight's auxiliary power unit the Apu was not functioning the Apu on an aircraft like the Boeing 7 ER is not typically considered critical for the safe operation of the aircraft while the Apu provides auxiliary power for various aircraft systems when the main engines are not running it is not a primary propulsion system hence the pilots agreed that this issue was non-critical and elected to proceed with their flight to New York with the Poss ability of inclement weather in the forecast the captain opted to unload an additional 800 kilos of fuel to take them to an alternate airport if required this decision would end up being crucial the crew then asked for push back and taxic clearance and the plane then departed Delhi at 0300 local time delayed by around 1 hour the departure itself was [Music] uneventful the first signs of pro problems occurred 40 minutes into the flight whilst over Pakistani airspace and just after reaching 30,000 ft a warning message appeared on the Pilot's screen saying single Source radio alterator a radio alterator is like a magic ruler for airplanes that tells them how high they are above the ground it does this by sending invisible waves down to the ground and timing how long it takes for them to come back this helped Pilots land safely and fly at the right altitude the Boeing Tri 7 like many modern commercial arcraft includes three radio altimeters for redundancy and safety they do it so that if one radio altimor fails the aircraft can rely on the other two Alors to provide accurate altitude information but what this plane was telling the pilots was that two radio Alors had failed and only one was working the problem was how can you be sure that the one altimeter that is working is actually showing the correct height now this isn't an issue in Cruise flight because during Cruise a different type of altimeter called the barometric altimeter is used the barometric altimeter uses the air pressure to determine how high they are above sea level it operates based on the principle that atmospheric pressure decreases with increasing altitude but this is less accurate than the radio altimeter radi altimor becomes very important when accurate height informations are critical like during departure and more importantly during Landing keep this in mind for now we'll come back to it soon fast forward 10 hours and the flight is now flying across the Atlantic Ocean and this is where the second issue appear there was another 3 hours to go before it was time to land in New York the pilots got a warning that their tcast system was not working tcas the traffic collision avoidance system is like a smart traffic cop for airplanes it uses radar to see other planes in the sky and if two planes got too close it tells the pilots of each of the planes to either go up or go down to avoid a collision clear conflict it helps keeps the sky safe by preventing planes from bumping into each other the loss of the Tas itself was again not a major concern because during Cruise it was a backup system to prevent collisions however it's a handy wingman during takeoff and Landing when you're usually flying in a crowded airspace and your workload is very high now this started to concern the crew because it's usually uncommon for unrelated instruments to stop working the Apu was not working prior to take off the radio alterator failed just after takeoff and now the tea CET also failed what they were concerned was whether there was an unknown issue with the plane that was causing all these failures to happen but there was nothing much they could do now so they pushed on to New York it's now around 10 minutes past 600 in the morning in New York the weather was over cast with rain and clouds the Metar indicated a visibility of quarter statute mile for Runway 04 right and a vertical visibility of 200 ft ai11 entered the New York airspace and made contact with the approach controller good 101 final1 heavy good morning you're following an short final 1 0 4084 rvr 3000 Runway 4 right clear to land right clear to land after obtaining their approach clearance for runway for right at JFK the pilots attempted to use their ILS to capture the localizer and the Glide slope to guide them towards the runway however try as they may the ILS just wasn't capturing the localizer signals their instrument Landing system had also failed the ILS is super helpful for planes when they are landing it uses special radio signals and antennas on the runway to guide the plane down safely showing the pilots where to go and how high they are it's like following invisible lines in the sky to make sure the plane lands smoothly especially in bad weather this is also the device that enables the plane to Auto Land in this plane the ILS wasn't locking onto the signals being sent from the runway the crew then manually pointed the plane at the correct heading and then tried what's called a lnav vnav approach lnav vnav approach uses GPS similar to what you have in your cars to take the airplane close to the runway however unlike the ILS the lnav vnav is in precise and has a lateral Precision of 0.3 nautical miles hence the pilots need to be able to visually see the runway at their decision altitude before they land if they aren't able to see the runway at their minimas they'll need to go around and try again as they were closing towards the runway the pilots extended the landing gear and immediately another warning sound started to go off in the cockpit this warning was telling the pilots that the landing gear was not fully down and that immediate action needed to be taken upon hearing this sound the pilots are trained to act instinctively to check and solve the issue and then after going through the checklist found that the gear was indeed down and that it was a false alarm for the pilots who were already experiencing heavy workload this was a significant distraction at this point in time the plane was covering 3 to 4 m a minute with all the instrument failures and the incorrect gear warnings the pilots weren't able to stabilize the aircraft for landing and hence decided to go around and try again going around Runway righty rway heading main the aircraft climbed back to 2000 ft and the pilots then got in touch with New York's departure controller four right maintaining 2,000 heading 1 0 101 heavy thank you a contact from right heading 180 Al 3011 the crew then informed the ATC that they required longer holding vectors to try to solve the problems that they were having and that they were not ready for a second attempt to land just yet and uh 101 could we have longer vectors we were facing some uh instrument problems as well was that the reason for the go uh a from a from because uh we lost the uh localizer and our Minima changed and uh there were a lot of issues involved so we're trying to sort that out if we can even continue with this approach now to understand what happens next you'll need to understand what a cloud ceiling is a cloud ceiling is the height at which the lowest part of the clouds are above the ground it tells the pilots at what height above the ground can they start seeing the ground if the plane had a working ILS and the ability to Autoland the pilots can land the plane at a clown ceiling of 0 ft however since these Pilots were doing a non-precision approach they need to visually see the runway to ensure that they're landing at the right place and for that they required a minimum ceiling of 600 ft JFK Airport had a ceiling of 200 ft their alternate airports of nuk and Stewart were also at 200 ft okay well right now the weather that I have is showing um in it's healing 200 at Kennedy rvr is uh 4,500 so that's gotten a little bit better the visibility find but problem we facing is with uh the ceiling because uh we can't continue with the ISS uh with a ceiling of uh 200 because every time you try to lock on to uh the uh localizer uh you know the instrumentation does doesn't allow to do that okay okay so you can't you cannot do like an aut land or something no aut land is not available because both uh uh we've got two radio altimor failures so we're on one radio ultimator we've got uh tcast failures you've got all multiple uh uh instrument uh failures so what ceiling do you need you know anything above like 600 or so okay I got it okay I understand now just fly heading 220 let me find some weather pull some weather up and let me find something okay thanks the other issue that the pilots were having was that they wanted to conserve any remaining fuel to allow them to carry out multiple go arounds if they so had to do them this meant that they had to land at an airport near the New York area and couldn't fly further out to Boston or Washington to land there and um just before I I go away uh what was your potential alternate uh the primary alternate was the Newar and uh the secondary alternate is uh Stewart but both seem to be uh you know in the same sort of situation they were depleting their fuel and were beginning to use their reserves the additional 800 kilos that they had loaded in Delhi was now proving to be helpful a11 heavy I'm having trouble finding anything that's really that good I have Albany is 600 c overcast and Boston Logan would be uh 500 overcast um um is uh I'm trying to find Washington Dallas is is a 200 ft also we're just checking Boston as well because we getting uh a little low on the fuel as well so we need to decide quick and uh we're burning quite a lot in the higher we can burn a little less Fuel and then uh I believe Pittsburgh is 2,500 uh 2005 uh that's uh we have to just check for the fuel as far as 102 one1 heavy clim maintain uh 6,000 CL maintain 6,000 you want1 heavy I think based on on the weather that we have in the area and based on the forecast that I'm seeing I think Bradley Bravo kilo Bravo Delta Lima will be your your best option ah okay and uh what's the feeling there okay right now the ceiling at there is 500 overcast got a TR showing it's uh the ceiling at uh jsk is also improving a bit I could try a vnav uh approach okay and see you know it can take us down in a situation like this because we're really you know stuck and there's no fuel and I'm showing newer just had a special and they're and they're showing 400 overcast they just had a special at uh 125 Z so about 6 minutes ago okay so it's a bit better now in uh no is that correct yes sorry the the weather came up just 400 ft overcast door the departure controller then told the pilots of a new special Metar that was released by Newar that showed that the ceiling had lifted to 400 ft the pilots decided to attempt to land at Newark with a 400 ft ceiling remember this is still lower than the 600 ft that they had initially wanted so they were still not out of the woods okay so you want to do the VAV approach into nework is that correct uh that's right that's the only option that we have because uh uh you know this is is unpredictable because every time we uh turn towards the localizer it's uh it's just gone okay so your ILS is out of service on both both sides of the airplane right uh that's correct and then the uh you said also the radar alet are out on both sides of the airplane uh that's right we on a single radio now at this point the plane had just around 7,200 kg of fuel left just enough to complete the trip other than both ios's both radar altimers what other things have failed on the airplane single Source radio ultimator we've got Tas failure no Auto Land uh windsh system uh Auto speed brake and the uh and uh at is unserviceable as well and in a grim reminder to the pilots of how precarious their position was the controller asked them one um so just when you get a chance give me the people on board and the fuel on board please uh we have total of 370 and fuel 7,200 kgs the pilots were then handed off to the Newar approach controller who cleared them for the four right approach one1 heavy one mil from doing turn right 01 0 meizer clear apprach the controll of then scramble the emergency vehicles in case assistance was required once a plane landed heavy emergency person one while we wait here uh nature of emergency is a computer failure aircraft pipe is a uh boing Triple 7 whiskey model 270 sols on board and 72,000 kilos of fuel now at this time the crew had been flying for over 14 hours in a high stress environment trying to land a massive fully loaded airplane in one of the busiest air corridors in the world without all their usual instruments and to add to that when they saw outside the cockpit all they saw was clouds and with each passing minute the pilots were hoping that the clouds would lift and that they would see the Runway below as the plane kept descending and when it passed 1,000 ft the plane was higher than what their ideal descent path required and if this wasn't immediately corrected the plane would have to go around a second time and use more fuel which they didn't have Captain Pia corrected this by pushing the plane's nose down to get back to the ideal path but this caused the plane to speed up further and at one point the controllers saw a warning on their screen indicating that the plane was too low to the ground and then relate that to the pilots1 and at 400 ft they finally broke through the clouds and at that point they saw that they were too high and further right of where they needed to be Captain Paia corrected the the flight by pushing the nose down and to the left to get the plane to line up with the center line and finally after 15 hours of flying the plane landed safely on Runway 4 right at Newar emergency service then got in touch with the pilots to ask them whether they required any assistance but the pilots declined 10 minutes after they landed as they were taxing to the gate the entire airport was engulfed by a thunderstorm if the crew had delayed their approach by 5 minutes or had to make a second go around they would never have been able to land unfortunately the root cause of these numerous instrument failures remains unknown as neither an incident report nor an investigation report has been released by Air India however a prevailing hypothesis suggests that the aircraft's main computer which controls the flight tech the diagnostic systems and maintenance systems malfunctioned presenting inaccurate values to the pilots despite being a crew of four individuals who had not previously collaborated the pilots demonstrated commendable crew resource management by effectively coordinating with each other and with air traffic control ultimately ensuring a safe landing of the plane the plane was flown back to India the next day as a ferry flight for relocation

  Top Comments:
  1. @jayk0311 [16000 likes]: I was a passenger on that flight. It was definitely a scary moment.  Still recall those panicking faces. Everyone started  praying and hoping for the best. Once we were able to land everyone started clapping and was a such relief to get off. That day was definitely something i will always remember.
  2. @lizagang [1 likes]: What is it always with the Boeings?😭
  3. @Marmik_plays: Air india+ boeing+ new york + sup 11 = cooked
  4. @LeonTheLion26: 0:58- nah.. next 22 minutes-
  5. @gumby2241: Why are Indians so incompetent?
  6. @GOLDVIOLINbowofdeath: Why the hejj didn’t NTSB investigate?
  7. @GOLDVIOLINbowofdeath: Correction. They always take enough fuel to go to at least one alternative airport. Pilot was a daredevil for not taking even more just due to non working APU which is needed when all engines fail. When multiple failures happened this daredevil should have turned back or to an airport with good weather
  8. @BimalTrikala: Safety & maintace is most
Importantly required and the
TRIM SHEET has got to be done extremely perfectly & checked & atheist checked
FOUR TIMES and another
Important concern is the
Routing  mileage so that
Fuel will cover the distance
From iga to jfk.the pilots
Should trained extremely
Well when fuel runs out&
Bad weather.the pilots should
Slow down the plane to save
Fuel.perhaps the problem.
Would be solved
  9. @sexynelson100: Please try extend your videos to 40-60 mins... ..I can then watch them as I fall asleep.. and you'll also get many more subscribers.
  10. @danielwebb207: Check your infomation source.... TCAS does not run from an aircraft radar system. And there is a big diffrence being on the localizer, which is the aircrafts lateral track vs being on the glide slope which is the aircrafts vertical path.
  11. @srinivasa: Did "Sunil Gavaskar" do the voice over for this video??
It's sounds very similar to me.
  12. @Praveenkumar.V.: I love the way you present these content @_wyngX
  13. @defier_52: why is Nagaland written on the aircraft?
  14. @Satishkumar-dy4ni: Please stop background music....ur explanation is good,but distracting the background music
  15. @anthony84vette: There is a God...
  16. @voiduser0285: Air India out there competing with Spirit airlines
  17. @samiksshahi: 14 hours flight and no apu ,,thus us s lie to passengers
  18. @midnightmortalgamer: let pilot cook
  19. @MrShivraje: Good presentation as usual but how do you know every small details even though the incident was not reported 🤔
  20. @HottyFix: if ATC  is always like this, there would be a lot less accidents, a lot of plane crashes are due to communication mishaps

- Engines Fail on Approach to Hong Kong: Kind: captions Language: en FLIGHT ATTENDANT: Seat belt, please. Thank you. NARRATOR: Cathay Pacific flight 780 is cruising at 38,000 feet over the South China Sea. [BELL RINGS] Captain Malcolm Waters and his crew are nearing the end of a four and half hour flight from Indonesia to Hong Kong. 165 miles from Hong Kong Airport, the Airbus leaves cruising altitude and begins its descent. And then something goes wrong. [BEEPING] The flight computer is alerting the pilots to a problem. OK, let's see what we've got. Engine two stall. NARRATOR: The plane's monitoring system indicates there's an issue with the right engine, engine number two. [BEEPING STOPS] With no explanation for the incident, Captain Waters reduces power on the engine to idle to protect it from damage-- MALCOLM WATERS: Idle. NARRATOR: --the lowest possible power level while still keeping it running. [ENGINE SLOWS] The pilots prepare to land the Airbus with only one engine. Everything is set for an emergency landing-- --but then another alert and more vibrations. Engine one stall. Engine one stall confirmed. NARRATOR: Things have gone from bad to worse. The monitoring system indicates they've just lost the other engine, the one they were counting on to get the plane to Hong Kong. tells the pilots to put the malfunctioning engine number one into idle. They're a minute from touchdown. [ALARM SOUNDS] Then, another alert. It's overspeed. NARRATOR: It's an overspeed warning, a signal the aircraft is flying too fast. Captain Waters can't figure it out. They should be slowing down. He rechecks the controls. Then he sees it. Engine number one, which he throttled back minutes earlier, is still running at 74% power-- high thrust-- too high to land safely. AIRCRAFT WARNING SYSTEM: Too low. Terrain. Too low. NARRATOR: Their speed is over 100 miles per hour faster than normal, so fast the flight computer doesn't recognize that the pilots are trying to land. SYSTEM: Pull up. NARRATOR: Captain Waters pushes the nose down, forcing the Airbus onto the runway. SYSTEM: Terrain. [LOUD CRASH] [SCREAMS] The Airbus is getting close to the end of the runway. [ENGINES WHINING] Finally, the aircraft comes to a halt just a short distance from the water's edge. They've used up more than 8,800 feet, over a mile and a half of runway. Once the aircraft did stop, there's a look of, what the hell just happened?

  Top Comments:
  1. @monkeytimeoradventure [1 likes]: That's how I did like this video
  2. @double_spoon이안 [1 likes]: 3:09 스포일러는 왜 작동 안됐나요?
  3. @shaidyllesungcal6669: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
  4. @TheLolaFan2003: 0:10 sea… or 0:09
  5. @ernieyoung1375: Who else was waiting for a tragic ending?  Glad there wasn’t tho
  6. @Oliverairplane: Are we all avgeeks here
  7. @andrewsmith-cm9qw: I flew into the old Hong Kong airport many a time and it was like we were avoiding flak😂
  8. @peanutbutterlover98-o6r: Ryan air pilots be like
  9. @BramantyPanjiOfficial: Sriwijaya
  10. @RaffaAtharaska: Pertamina Pertamina
  11. @linthead98: No reverse thrust without engines would make it almost impossible to stop after landing.
  12. @Goligduky: What is that for plen?
  13. @900stx7: So what was the actual problem  ?
  14. @theguy888-i5k: 2026?
  15. @陳湋諾ChanWaiNok: I'm hong Kong😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  16. @ThangTran-ym5he: John cena!?
  17. @RomanDavidDeSilva: Times like this I miss 4 engine planes. Even 3 engines would be nice to have in moments like this.
  18. @UpSideDagz: and his name is john cena!!
  19. @MickMundy97: Thank god theese pilots work for Ryanair...
  20. @ngakwankwok: I from  hong kong

- Flight 92's Untrained Pilot Turns Off The Engine Mid-Flight | Air Crash Confidential S1 E3: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] they train for two years they're the Lords of the Skies now take Quest CL flight level 36 and our lives are in their hands Pilots but what happens if a pilot doesn't know what he's doing it turned like this and no up into the ground the airplane hits the surface of the see everybody dies pilot era has been responsible for some of the worst accidents in aircraft history unfortunately uh he didn't handle this particular situation correctly the fight to reduce pilot error has become one of the big challenges of Aviation tens of millions of pounds are being thrown at the problem airbus's philosophy was we can make an airplane that's pilot proof but in a bid to eliminate pilot error have we gone too far could it be some of these developments may have actually caused disasters [Applause] contis is the safest airline in the world famously none of its big jets has ever crashed but in Autumn 2008 that reputation is suddenly on the line quantis flight 72 is traveling from Singapore to Perth it's an Airbus A330 one of the most modern aircraft in the world at the controls the flight crew are equipped with the latest technology designed to make flying safer but as the aircraft packed with over 300 holiday makers nears the Australian coast it suddenly performs a series of bizarre and dangerous Maneuvers first it climbs 200 ft then equally suddenly it drops 650 what's the plane doing what's the plane doing in the cabin there's chaos up in the cockpit the pilots have no idea what's going on the plane is acting entirely on its own then it happens again uncommanded by the pilots the plane plunges another 400 ft minutes later the horrified Captain issues a Mayday distress call mayday mayday mayday 1 to 72 315 people's lives are on the line will the pilot be able to rescue the situation yet the irony is the entire incident is due to a computer controlled flying system designed to eliminate a common cause of air crashes pilot error just how serious the problem of pilot error can be is brought home to the people of Britain in the winter of 1989 British Midland flight 92 takes off on a routine flight to Belfast in Northern Ireland on board are 118 passengers and eight crew the aircraft is one of Boeing's new 400 series 737s in charge is 43-year-old Captain Kevin Hunt one of British Midland's most experienced pilot his first officer is 39-year-old David M L the plane rapidly climbs to 28,000 ft it's a normal takeoff but then 13 minutes into the flight just as the aircraft is about to hit cruising altitude there's a shock the bang sends a way wave of alarm through the cabin passengers frantically look around for an explanation hunt and mlen immediately suspect one of the plan's two engines has blown up the cockpit voice recorder picks up hunt urgently asking which of the two engines is damaged which one which one his first reaction is to turn to the aircraft's instruments but the instruments that would tell him if an engine is malfunctioning the so-called vibration instrumentation is notoriously unreliable in 737s at the time Pilots don't trust them so when smoke appears in the cockpit mclen falls back on his general knowledge of the aircraft this tells him the smoke must be coming through the air conditioning system and this in 737s is powered by the right engine the cockpit voice recorder now picks up mcland making a clear decision it's the right one it's definitely the right one shutting down the right hunt immediately shuts down the right hand engine the clunking and vibrations cease calm returns to the cabin the passengers relax but minutes later there's another even bigger bang once again the plane is rocked by vibrations then everything goes eily quiet the second leftand engine has died flight BM 92 has no power at all seconds later the 400 ton aircraft smashes into the ground an airliner with 118 passengers on board has crashed on the M1 Motorway in lestershire in Belfast the flight's destination anxious relatives wait at the airport for a plane that will never arrive initial signs suggest there won't be many survivors Ed Trimble led the air crash investigation Mr Trimble Mr Trimble BBC can we talk to you I'm sorry I think most investig would have said the chances of many surviving that would have been low clearly the aircraft is flying at over 100 knots on the approach and suddenly it's been brought to Halt very abruptly indeed and therefore one would have anticipated the g-forces would have been really significant amazingly only 47 passengers die 71 survive we were dying in the grind with a a crash all the lights were out and we seem to be at an angle of about 45 at the vertical and uh at that time really there were a few people moaning in the cabin saying Oh my legs hurt uh somebody please help me I think I broken my leg the teal piece that I was on actually appeared to break away and Topp over and at that stage I was left uh suspended upside down survivors are taken to hospitals across the region among them is the aircraft's Captain Kevin Hunt at first he's hailed as a hero for at least bringing some people down alive considering the trouble he was obviously in I I reckon he must have nursed that plane to get so close he must have done a brilliant job but soon afterwards questions start to be asked we were getting reports of uh gr ground Witnesses who had seen and had this aircraft on the approach what we were been told was that the left engine was covered in fire it was like looking into a furnace someone said so clearly the left engine was in trouble during that approach this fire in the left hand engine would have been the first bang the passengers heard but that shouldn't have been fatal the twin engined plane can fly quite safely on one engine clearly that hadn't happened so the question was what's happened to the right engine the right engine is minutely inspected expected slowly an awful truth Dawns the F strip inspection of the ride engine revealed that there were no problems with the ride engine prior to the impact it's the right when it's definitely the right one shutting down the right and yet this right hand engine is the one the crew had shut down so why had the pilot turned off his only working engine the investigation will now reveal a classic case of pilot error the pilots simply weren't familiar with their aircraft hunt and mcleland not trusting their instruments had relied on their general knowledge of 737s this told them the smoke must be coming from the right engine and so they'd shut it down what they didn't know was that the new 400 series 737 is different from its predecessors the airon is powered by both engines the smoke and smell came from the damaged left engine not the perfectly good right one more poignantly the vibration instruments on the 737 400 series that indicate whether an engine is malfunctioning are more reliable than on earlier models these had relayed with absolute accuracy that it was the left engine that had gone wrong but the pilots had ignored the evidence in front of their eyes David lamount is a pilot and aircraft journalist both Pilots had the vibration information in front of their eyes and it was accurate it was showing them where the problem was but because they were used to flying on the 7373 300 where the vibration instruments were not reliable they disregarded the instruments all together the investigation has revealed an alarming truth neither pilot knew enough about the aircraft they were flying the crash was caused by Pilot error hunt far from being a hero is sacked but behind the crash lies a much bigger issue that is increasing the chances of pilot error a deluge of new aircraft models starts appearing from the 1980s onwards it was a period of great development a great change in the industry Captain Chris Clark is an airline pilot and flight trainer Pilots were faced with a significant number of differing um equipment even on the same type of aircraft it's a situation almost designed to Foster pilot era there are 20 versions of the Boeing 747 and about the same number of the Airbus a300 series there are nine variations of the Boeing 737 and several versions of the Airbus A320 Pilots are having increasing difficulty keeping up with the Ever Changing models it could be a different set of flight instruments or it could be a different flight management system computer each new version is better and safer than its predecessor or feels a particular niche in the competitive Market are you deing emergency watch all episodes of ice pilot watch on mobile devices or the big screen all for free no subscription fire download be now but kegworth has dramatically shown downside hunt and mcland had had almost no training on the new Boeing 737 400 series the airline had assumed that because these people were experienced on the 7 37300 that they really only needed what they referred to as a differences course to go onto the 400 kegworth is a clear warning Pilots need more systematic retraining if there are not to be further cases of pilot error both regulatory authorities and Airlines recognized that where there was a difference in the flight deck equipment even if it be on the same model but was just a variation of that model there was a clear need for some training to reduce pilot error Pilots now begin to spend more time in highly realistic computer controlled flight simulators these can recreate almost any flight scenario almost anywhere in the world Pilots can quickly and efficiently learn about different aircraft but despite the new training opportunities a tower from Midland one we've had an undercarriage collapse the airline industry doesn't fully learn the lessons from kegworth it's not just about having more training the training has to be good or there can be unexpected consequences every bit is deadly it will need another tragic accident for the industry to realize it must do even more Autumn 2001 and an American Airlines flight takes off from New York's Kennedy Airport flight 587 is Bound for the Dominican Republic on board many of the passengers are visiting family and friends but almost immediately after takeoff something goes wrong Patrick tuig is a local Catholic priest I spotted this aircraft uh going over I thought too looking back on it that it was it was flying a bit low it turned like this and nose dived into the ground so then I said to myself oh my God this is very very serious and I remember thinking how beautiful that plane looked in the last second of its life because the sun shining directly onto that aircraft before it hit the ground American 587 heavy I'm not receiving your transponder American 587 heavy New York American 587 heavy New York 26 5 people die immediately including five on the ground Christine Negron is a journalist who's written extensively about the industry it was a a dramatic event because it was only 2 months after 9/11 and so there were immediate concerns and eyewitness accounts and everything else you know that the plane had uh had been the victim of a terrorist attack why should a a plane suddenly uh fall out of the sky and explode on the ground so the general talk among people looking on was gee this must have been another bomb on that aircraft it's one of the worst accidents in American aviation history it was impossible to get really near the the the fire it was so intense if you saw the people in the immediate vicinity they were stoned one of the victims is Jose Laura a law student his sister still finds it hard to talk about it it's really hard to live with this pain every time when I see my brother picture I don't I don't want to I don't even want to see my brother picture because I don't want I don't want to think that he's he's not here who else no more and it's really hard the man in charge of the crash investigation is Bob benzen he immediately faces demands for instant answers this is a very public disaster in a very public place there was a lot of pressure from the city of New York uh the very first news conference we give we always get the question uh what happened here uh what's the cause of this accident and of course we can never answer the hunt for answers is hampered by the sheer scale of the devastation There is almost nothing left of the aircraft my initial thoughts are really about about the magnitude of our job a lot of times in these types of accidents we get a lot of information out of the wreckage itself but in this case unfortunately the fire was so complete U the aircraft was full of fuel when it hit the ground that we had very few physical Clues to look at but then they find one massive clue it had to do with the vertical stabilizer of the airplane that uh was floating in the bay over a mile away from the main impact point it would be very strange if if a terrorist simply blew the tail off of an airplane and so we thought early on that we're probably up against something a little more complicated than than a terrorist attack it is the case that the national Transportation safety board is the lead agency because all information we have currently is that this is an accident but if it is an accident what caused it initially suspicion falls on air bus's revolutionary construction methods large parts of the aircraft are made from a new material known as carbon fiber composite composite materials are are a bit of the wave of the future strong and as importantly they're lightweight and in the airplane business so weight equals money one of these carbon fiber components is the aircraft's tail and its attachment points had there been a massive failure in this revolutionary new construction material the implications are horrific alarm Bells were set off we worried a lot about the rest of the Airbus Fleet uh whether or not uh there were inherent weaknesses in in in other air buses if Airbus are building aircraft with floored components could hundreds more drop out of the sky so we spent a lot of time studying uh testing the strength of of these components and uh how good the design was they use an ultrasound scanner to test the material for hidden hairline cracks or weaknesses unlike metal the the fractures and stresses can't be seen by The Naked eyee they reexamine the design they examine other air buses they can find nothing that explains why the Tails should Shear off turned out to be pretty much of a red herring this dine was stronger than it was certified to be but if it isn't a structural fault why has has the plane's tail fallen off in a hunt for other Clues Bon's team recreate the aircraft's last minutes their attention soon focuses on the aircraft's first officer 34-year-old Sten Molen the son of an airline pilot Molen has been flying for 10 years all of it with American Airlines 587 heavy can ground Runway 31 for departure taxi left on Bravo hold short of Juliet that day as flight aa587 prepares to take off Molen is at the controls 587 heavy just in front of him is a Japanese Airlines flight as the Japanese flight climbs its engines generate powerful vortexes of wind they are known as wake vortexes wake vortexes uh are very powerful miniature tornadoes that are created uh as an aircraft flies through sky one comes off each wing tip these vortexes can cause serious air turbulence if for instance uh very small aircraft we're following very closely behind a very large aircraft the smaller aircraft can experience structural damage the effect of flying into wake turbulence would be the effect of falling into a food mixer so the planes following need to keep their distance air traffic controllers know this every pilot is expected to know it because that's a lot of upset in the airer 57 heavy left but could such a common phenomenon as wake turbulence really have upset flight 587 587 heav at the national Transportation safety board benz's team continue the search for answers they examine the aircraft's battered flight data recorder for evidence they turn the numeric data into an illustration of what happened gradually they piece together flight 587 final minutes and it's all about pilot error the cockpit voice recorder picks up the captain's voice a little a wake ulence yeah Molen replies yeah then to stabilize the plane he'd stamped on the rudder controls it's the standard procedure for stabilizing an aircraft in these circumstances the flight data recorder shows Molen had been particularly energetic first he' forced the rudder sharply to the right then to the left he operated them so aggressively that the rudder went to stop to stop in other words as far right and as far left as it could go four times in 7 and 1 half seconds so back and forth bang bang bang bang bang the rapid movement creates huge stresses on the aircraft structure eventually they become just too great the first officer put loads on the vertical stabilizer that were twice the design loads that the thing was certified to take and It ultimately failed the attaching points fracture the tail shears off and the plane smashes to Earth but how can a pilot break an aircraft by simply manipulating the rudder controls it now emerges that Airbus has issued specific warnings against violently reversing the rudder but American Airlines has never warned its Pilots that this could lead to structural failure indeed their training encourages Pilots to use the rudder and energetically because of limitations and simulators and and the teaching methods they were using they were probably instilling in their pilots a an unwanted desire to use the Rudders aggressively when perhaps they shouldn't the conclusion is horribly clear over 250 people have died because of pilot error Molen had simply not been properly trained to fly an Airbus in the course of the investigation other facts also emerge about Molen we found that uh he had a propensity for overreaction he tended to overreact to situations such as wake turbulence and unfortunately uh he didn't handle this particular situation ation correctly but for many lay observers there is another question why at a very busy airport like JFK where wake turbulence is a routine problem was a junior officer with a reputation for overreacting in charge of the takeoff it's a story that goes back ironically to an earlier attempt to reduce pilot error London Heath row 1972 Pilots that year at what was then called British European Airways are in the middle of a bitter and divisive pay dispute Junior Pilots are planning a strike but many of the airlines older Pilots are vehemently opposed to the idea one of them is Captain Stanley key four years off retirement and anxious not to rock the boat that afternoon key has a furious row with a younger militant pilot Stanley Key's attitude was that strikes were a dereliction of Duty you had a duty to do and one thing you did not do is fail in your duty and your duty was to turn up to work come what may several hours after the r key is rostered on a routine flight to Brussels left with him on Bea Flight 548 a co-pilot Jeremy Keeley and Second Officer Simon tyhurst as the aircraft climbs out of Heath row key at the controls is said to be still fuming from the ril suddenly things go wrong 2 and 1/2 minutes into the flight the aircraft goes into a stor it passes low over the densely populated town of stains on the outskirts of London seconds later it smashes into the ground fight almost immediately sightseers clog the area press personel go back to the line of police vehicles now please back to the line of police vehicles all 118 people on board are killed it's Britain's worst ever air disaster within hours air crash investigators arrive as they pick through the rubble they find something very puzzling the flight recorder we took away last night rather suggests that um something went wrong with the Leading Edge droop round about 18800 ft droops are flaps on the front of a yet wings that extend to provide vital extra lift at low speeds a trident must reach 3,000 ft and be flying at 225 knots before the droops can be safely retracted but the flight data recorder shows that Bea Flight 548 was only flying at 1800 ft at a speed of 162 knots when the droops were withdrawn it's much too soon the plane will have gone into an immediate storm this was the first error but it should not have been fatal as the aircraft instrument sensor stall an automatic emergency procedure kicked in Chris Woods is a former Trident pilot and trainer the first thing that happens is a warning this shakes control column and basically saying the captain you are flying too slowly push the stick forward which will lower the nose of the aircraft and gather speed if the pilot still doesn't respond a second emergency procedure kicks in a ram will push the stick all the way forward and hold it there until the speed has been recovered the plane will dive the speed will pick up and the stall should be averted yet the flight data recorder shows that somebody has overridden these alarms why what had caused Stanley key an immensely experienced pilot to make such a basic error and why had neither of his crew stopped him the investigators look at several possibilities a post mum shows key suffered heart problems he hadn't told anybody about them but he did could the violent R just before takeoff have triggered a sudden stroke an even more surprising clue comes from a piece of the aircraft's staby it's the cockpit table of one of the junior Pilots it's covered in anti key graffiti one reads key must go where down the drain another suggests when Stanley key dies who will be God's next rep at Bea is this a clue to the real problem could the row over strike action have made Key's relationship with his young crew so bitter they simply weren't talking to each other had key or tyhurst expressed alarm and key the senior officer simply ignored them in the hierarchical setup in that cockpit challenging the captain was much more difficult than it is now we will never know if this is the truth but the inquiry report is a trigger for important changes designed to reduce future pilot errors from now on it's the junior officer who flies the aircraft particularly if conditions are difficult this leaves the senior officer the captain free to watch for trouble and if necessary demand a new course of action good morning ladies and gentlemen my name is Lee evens and I'm the captain today with me in the flight deck is first officer Peter nelos who will be flying you it's a safety routine that in the following years is is widely adopted by Airlines across the world and it's why nearly 30 years later when American Airlines flight 587 takes off from New York nobody questions the fact that Sten Molen the junior officer is at the controls by the early 2000s the lessons of accidents like kegworth and queens have finally been driven home reports into both accidents recommend better training more pilots now spend more time in ever more sophisticated simulators but in the airline industry there's also another even more important development designed to eliminate pilot error automation the leader in the field is the European aircraft manufacturer Airbus in the mid 1990s Airbus launches the new A330 series it's one of the first aircraft to make extensive use of the new digital Technologies it's so clever it can almost fly itself airbus's philosophy was we can make an airplane that's pilot proof that will protect the airplane from the wrong decisions of pilots and in effect they have done that Martin older is an Airbus pilot to have a simple input control stick on the control column just like your games computer this stick is like a mouse on a computer and takes instructions from the pilot but the aircraft's autopilot also receives data from a mass of other inputs scattered through the plane computers take information about the speed the altitude and uh centeral gravity of the airplane and they add or subtract from the Pilot's input to make sure the output that goes to the control service on the wing tip is exactly what's required to do the job it means the controls are always trimmed to provide maximum efficiency flying becomes much less reliant on a pilot's skills now with the digital fly by wire even P of average ability would have no concerns about it even more importantly the software will override the pilot if he makes a mistake it limits the bank angles that the pilot can apply it limits how far nose up the airplane can go how far nose down to make sure we don't fly too fast and damage airplane maneuver too abruptly and damage airplane or fly too slow slowly and lose control of the airplane the airplane won't let them do anything it might cause the airplane to crash apart from takeoff which still can't be fully automated There is almost nothing a pilot need do except gaze at the ultramodern Liquid Crystal displays pilot error is all but eliminated flying becomes much safer or does it one of these super automated aircraft is Quantus flight 72 from Singapore to Perth the plane has just made three dramatic changes of course without the pilots doing a thing first it's climbed then it's dived many of the 300 passengers are in real trouble people were thrown around they were thrown at the ceiling and then thrown at the floor computers were thrown around baggage that flies around a lot of people got severely injured several have broken bones many others have been seriously battered and bruised the pilots now frantically wrestle to seize back control but for hours they've been gazing at the screens and nothing's happening it's lulled them into a false sense of security it now takes valuable minutes to grasp what's going on when you have a failure there is obviously a startle Factor we are human and then we have to start taking in the the information we've got and then decide from that what the appropriate response is if you wind up with an electronic glitch or computer glitch in an automated cockpit this is what pilots often say what's the plane doing now what's the plane doing what's the plane doing and that expression to me is so important because it really explains that there's a there's sort of a disconnect between the plane and the person flying the plane this process can cause a pilot to lose very precious uh time finally the pilots realize the aircraft's fabled computer control system is malfunctioning and switch it off 40 minutes later the plane makes an emergency landing in Western Australia every everybody has survived but it's been a close call 53 people are hospitalized with injuries ranging from fractures to spinal damage so what's happened on this nightmare flight a later investigation reaches an unexpected and ironic conclusion it's the very system designed to reduce pilot error that's caused the problem the plane is equipped with sensors that automatically monitor the angle of flight these appear to have sent corrupt data to computers controlling the autopilot first they tell the autopilot the plane is descending steeply in fact it's flying normally you've heard it about computers if you tell them the wrong thing they'll assume it's correct and they'll start acting accordingly the autopilot thinking the aircraft is descending too rapidly orders an Ascent the computers were told that the aircraft's attitude was varying and it wasn't but they were trying to correct this seconds later the sensors changed their mind and tell the autopilot to descend so the computers themselves weren't actually wrong the sensors were the pilots have been left with no option but to turn off the autopilot but how can a system designed to eliminate pilot error go so badly wrong it's a question that will become increasingly pressing in the wake of a terrible accident in another part of the world Rio de Janeiro Air France flight 447 takes off on a scheduled flight to Paris on board the Airbus A330 200 series a 216 passengers and 12 crew the plane is carrying the latest automated technology designed to reduce era but then 3 and 1/2 hours later over the Atlantic it vanishes off the radar waiting families in Paris are destroyed go several days later some of the wreckage is found floating in the sea the airplane hits the surface of the sea everybody dies so once we were up there 30,000 ft plus and then we're in the drink so what happened despite a huge search of the crash area the flight data recorders are not found it means investigators can only guess at what may have happened but once again suspicion falls on the aircraft's automated flying system just before the crash onboard computers automatically relay data to an Air France ground station this shows speed sensors on the front of the plane were giving conflicting readings about the speed of aircraft it would have immediately puzzled the pilots it's now experts believe they committed a cardinal error they became so concerned about the problem they lost sight of what the aircraft was really doing I think this has got a lot to do with the fact that this was at 2:00 in the morning the pilots were fixated on solving the problem what's going on here what's making these two indicators tell me lies and in the meanwhile the airplane starts descending the pilots simply had lost their appreciation of what the airplane was doing they must have done while the search for the remains of the aircraft continues we'll never be sure if this is what happened but once again vital components in the automated flying system seemed to failed this distracted the pilots who forgot to fly the plane the quantis and Air France incidents have opened a new controversy could it be that the new and clever system designed to reduce pilot error are in fact causing errors themselves whenever you introduce clever Machinery to get over um a known problem you are introducing a new problem all you really can do is to make absolutely certain that you are making things better than they used to be today modern cockpits are better equipped and designed trying to assist the pilot than ever before training is more regular and rigorous pilot error should be on the Wayne flying has never been safer But the irony is that in trying to eliminate pilot error we've introduced a whole new series of unexpected problems

  Top Comments:
  1. @BackTubeJeff [1 likes]: Skip song all over the place to different accidents, can't even follow it, not worth watching
  2. @jessicajacobson9356: I only want ex military pilots.  Like Sully Sullenberger.  I wish you could pick your pilot like you do an Uber driver.
  3. @mightymikemagic: You Think These Pilots Would Have The Present Of Mind To First Simple Visually Inspect The Engines Before Shutting One Down There FOOLS They Could Have Had The Flight Attendant Look Out The Window You Can See The Engines From The Cabin .   Smoke Flames To Confirm.
  4. @billfranks6805: If you don't give poilets reliable instruments the fault lies with the aircraft manufacturer not the toilets you abbsulotely can not give poilets anything unreliable or this will keep happening
  5. @Injudiciously: I'm getting confused about which flight you are talking about. And I don't know how you can inflate a simple story about an air crash to 51 minutes long..
  6. @PeteKennedy-u1w: There has been a loss of skill in nearly every profession going, over the past few decades.
  7. @Dark_Dixie: Flying is still 190 times safer than driving. Accidents will always happen, unfortunately, and we need to make sure that pilots still know how to hand fly their planes with excellent sufficiency, regardless of whether or not the plane does most of the flying. We're more likely to die on the way to and from the airport, and so much is done after an accident to ensure it doesn't happen again. If other industries did the same, that would be amazing!
  8. @youtubeisapublisher6407: Seeing how tons of modern vehicles are now studded with cameras, I wonder if it'd be worthwhile for aircraft to be fitted with side-rear looking cameras that would allow pilots to visually inspect their engines in cases like this, along with the obvious need for airframe providers and airline companies to collaborate on more intensive thorough training for pilots.
  9. @jamesmartin7595: The pilots ignored their instruments.
  10. @vintagerider4301: 14:58 WTH with the jump scare
  11. @Adrian_Nel: A 737 that "wheighed 400 tons" ("seconds later, the 400 tonne aircraft smashes into the ground") [06:50] is called a 747. Also, is this actually about Qantas 72 or 92?
  12. @PaulBarendse: The A330 cockpit at 41:20 shows a yoke, as explained just before the A330 uses a joystick
  13. @paulglennie7559: Why are black boxes not equipped with floatation devices?
  14. @paulglennie7559: Isn't that why pilots need a flight engineer, so as to avoid mistakes with new technology!
  15. @jeff-vh9pl: *Airline error
  16. @velvetnightmare3133: Ooh, this was a good one
  17. @GracieAnn-e9k: Re: The new automated "pilot less" airplanes; it's a fact that driverless cars crash! How are planes any different. Too much automation leads to bored=sleepy Reaction time slows to a crawl
  18. @nostalgictv7915: Absolutely destroyed with non stop unskippable ads. Well done uploader, channels like this are what has ruined YouTube with plague's of ads and scams. Hope you are proud of yourself uploader, utter greed 🤬
  19. @cliffordcrimson7124: How can you uncover massive training failures in both Boeing and the airline, then turn around and blame the pilot???
  20. @FlightDisasterFiless: It's insane

- How a Misheard Word Caused a Plane Crash | Mayday: Air Disaster: Kind: captions Language: en September 1978 a Boeing 727 is headed for the ground easy baby easy M I love you San Diego becomes the site of the worst Aviation disaster in US history and my hair stood up on the back of my head when I learned that this crash had occurred oh my word the accident scene was horrendous how am I going to put this puzzle together was a real big concern of mine evidence leads investigators to a remarkable conclusion oh yeah before we turned down land I saw a horrendous accident may have been caused oh yeah before we turned down land I saw him about 1:00 by a single misheard [Music] syllable made it made it Pacific Southwest Airlines flight 182 is on an early morning run down the coast of California from Sacramento to San Diego first officer Bob Fox is at the controls approach PSA 182 coming out of 95 descending to 7,000 airport is in sight a 9-year veteran with PSA he's on track to becoming a captain Captain Jim mcferon has been with the airline for 17 years known as a born pilot he is highly regarded by his colleagues this is the second Flight of the day for both Mensa cleared visual approach Runway 27 thank you cleared visual approach 27 among the 128 passengers there are 30 Pacific Southwest employees many are heading back to the company's home base in San Diego PSA was an excellent Airline they had uh super maintenance record super um safety record they were recognized uh in the industry as wow these guys are good Pilots are cautious when arriving at San Diego Lindberg field is the busiest single Runway Airport in North America San Diego limberg airport is a challenging place to fly into because it's a of its proximity to downtown and also some of the obstructions around it there's a very drastic terrain drop Pilots do it all the time and some of them don't like to talk about it but it's a little scary it was always concern that wow someday you know there could be a major crash several other airports nearby are a buzz with commercial military and private planes the airspace around San Diego International is quite busy because of the 600 flights a day in and out so there are planes taking off and Landing constantly flight 182 will have to thread its way through all this traffic while passing over the city preparing to land on Runway 27 Martin Wayne is at the Engineers console as they approach the airport he contacts the company's head office we're out of Los Angeles San Diego at 0905 P 182 Roger a little late but thank you I just called my off report the guy started laughing make it up by reporting our next takeoff now it's very nice even though they were fun and laidback they were still highly professional the crews were just personable you felt like they wanted you to be on their airplanes it was great catch our smile was their motto it was an experience it was fun flight 182's approach to Lindberg field is being handled by an approach controller at a facility 15 km north of the airport the approach control facility is quite busy and that's stressful because you're handling so many different airplanes in the same airspace when the controller spots a Cessna flying ahead of flight 182 he makes sure that they can see it PSA 182 traffics at 12:00 3 miles out 1,700 got it traffic insight they were issued traffic they acknowledge sight of the traffic okay sir maintain visual separation contact Lindberg Tower 1 33.3 have a nice day okay visual separation means that the pilot has another aircraft in sight and acknowledges it got it once the visual approach is accepted by the pilot uh he's then responsible for maintaining separation from that traffic somewhat like two boats passing is the responsibility the overtaking boat to maintain separation visually as it approaches the airport flight 182 Banks left so that it's flying parallel to the runway ready to turn and land when given permission I would characterize this as wonderfully routine there wasn't anything out of the ordinary with this flight with the plane now less than 8 kmet from the runway a controller in the airport's Tower takes over to guide the flight in for landing lber PSA 182 downwind 182 Roger within the airport traffic area which is at 5 mile radius the airplanes coming into the airport to land and take off are controlled by that controller the tower controller is juggling several planes in addition to the PSA 727 PSA 182 traffic 12:00 one mile a Cessna because there's only one Runway at Lindberg uh it requires some Air Traffic Control spacing because of the difference in the speeds of the aircraft PSA 182 cleared to land 182 is clear to land the Jets have quite a significantly faster approach speed than the sesna so you have to give them more spacing it's now 9:00 a.m. many passengers on flight 182 are planning to put in a full day's work in San Diego gear down minutes from Landing pilot Bob Fox spots a distant plane there's one underneath I was looking at that inbound over there easy baby easy baby a professional photographer happens to spot flight 182 in Flames hey what do we got here it's bad huh we're hit man we're hit time we going down this be okay we'll call the equipment for you the approach controller's radar reveals that the 727 has collided with Cessna Jesus Christ it's an aluminum shower to have two aircraft under your control Collide is the worst nightmare I think for any controller I don't think anything else could be that bad this is it baby break M I love you [Applause] all sudden just went right in just a burst of flames it was just incredible can't do anything about it come on and my hair stood up on the back of my head when I learned that this crash had occurred this huge mushroom cloud of smoke and fire was seen by thousands of people two planes have collided and fallen from the sky over San Diego the city is in shock but the full scope of the tragedy is only beginning to emerge hundreds of people watched in horror as the two planes collided and crashed into a quiet San Diego residential neighborhood this is the biggest disaster that's ever happened in San Diego County one witness reported seeing falling bodies hit a car two bodies were bounced out of the PSA one hit through the windshield killed the mother the other one hit on the side and killed her four-month old baby police officers covered up the bodies and that spot all they could do it's feared that everyone on board the two planes is dead that PSA plane landed at Dwight and Nile streets the Sessa landed about six blocks away in front of a house near 302 in poke 22 homes are destroyed seven residents are killed nine more are injured the city feels overwhelmed we heard D news so we came down here to see what we could do to help we've been walking still here carrying water and it's just such a bad scene it's really horrible Greg Clark is a San Diego police officer who rushes to the scene to help search for survivors for me it looked like um a large bomb had gone off everything that was in the path of the aircraft just completely destroyed there were passenger seats stuck in the side of houses and pieces of fuselage just just everywhere I found nobody that was in one piece 2 hours after the crash NTSB investigator Wally Funk arrives from Los Angeles since I was the lead investigator for that particular day I got the call from the FAA duty officer and he informed me that there had been a midair and Collision in San Diego oh my word the accident scene was horrendous first the San Diego Police Department escorted me in and introduced me to the fire marshal cuz they have control of the entire wreckage any survivors yet that was just chilling that you suddenly you realize there's there are no survivors thank you the medical personnel were frustrated because everybody came to the realization that there was nothing that they could do 144 people are dead including the seven on the ground it's the biggest airline disaster in American history it was entirely something that I had not expected there was so many bits and parts and pieces around not only the aircraft but the homes I just started by photographing and writing notes a real big concern of mine was how am I going to put this puzzle together Funk needs to confirm that the wreckage of a small plane found six blocks away is in fact what collided with the 727 there's no doubt about it we had paint transfers we had pieces and parts from the two different aircraft yes this was an absolute midair Collision there's no doubt about it but there's a much larger question looming how could such an accident happen we had to visualize from a very mangled mess of metal where the two came together I really felt compelled to bring the CES wreckage over to the main wreckage put that down right uh there please so we could kind of understand really what had happened eventually the wreckage of the two planes is sent to a hanger for reconstruction it's just a big puzzle you have to try one piece at a time putting it together Funk records as many witness interviews as possible while memories are still fresh but I find in all my investigations that children up to 17 18 years old are my best Witnesses because a youngster will give me a really good interpretation of what they saw not what they thought they heard or what they thought they saw there were quite a few people that described what they saw at falling out of the sky can you tell me exactly what you saw when you looked up but all the interviews are disappointing so you didn't see the actual Collision we had nobody that really saw the whole thing happen we only saw it after the bang the closest thing to a sighting of the Collision is a television Crews footage of the Cessna plummeting to the ground the NTSB sends additional staff from Washington including senior investigator Philip Hogue do great work here let's get right down to it all right I know that you've done a heck of a lot of research and you've been mainly concentrating on the larger air but it was great to see the guys when they finally got there the technical support was wonderful we kind of divvy up the duties so I will tackle the assessment needing to know more about the smaller plane they're reviewing it records for day the Cessna belonged to a flight training school a student pilot was having a lesson we had a flight instructor sitting on the right side and we had a student pilot learning to get his instrument rating investigators learned that the student pilot approached Runway 9 twice practicing Landing using only his instruments instrument Pilots need more the practice of approaching the runways as opposed to The Landings local media jumped to a conclusion there were a lot of people who thought that the crash had to be the fault of that Cessna because they had a it had a student pilot there can be a built-in bias in traveling Public's mind and the media's mind that airliners should have priority uh in and out of airports and this is not the way that it works uh it it's a first come first serve system however with a jetliner on a on an assigned Glide path coming into a major airport people wanted to know how come that little airplane was up there in the way hopefully the black boxes salvaged from the crash site will help answer this question one was up front which was the voice recorder and one was in the AF stairwell which was uh the inst recorder they were flown back to Washington DC figuring out what was said in the cockpit and what the instruments said takes a lot of time in the meantime investigators interview the first of the two controllers who were guiding the planes can you show us the two flight paths the approach controller remembers the planned routes of the two planes but he can't be sure what routes they actually flew because approach radar is not recorded so the 727 was flying East to do a turnaround and land on Runway 27 and the Cessna was flying Northeast but it was Miles Ahead of the 727 probably headed home after doing touch and goes on Runway 9 they should have missed each other by over a mile since I had been into lyberg several times as a pilot it occurred to me were they on the right head altitudes learning the exact flight paths will require complex calculations that include data from an air traffic station in Los Angeles meanwhile a transcript of the controller's conversation with both planes reveals the pilots were aware of each other's positions so the PSA crew reported seeing the Cessna when they were still three miles apart planes would have been somewhere around here and here got it trafficking site the cesna pilot was also made aware of the 727 behind them traffic at 6:00 2 mi eastbound a PSA jet inbound to Lindberg out of 3,200 has you Insight investigators want to know if the pilots of both planes knew of each other why did their aircraft collide new radar equipment installed just one month earlier was designed to prevent exactly this type of incident the Collision alert a system was instituted to prevent collisions to alert controllers the fact that there was an imminent collision between two aircraft um didn't you get any warning we did we ignored it explain well when the alert sounded I I mentioned it to my supervisor alarm again I talked to both planes PSA 182 is confirmed a visual sighting of the Sessa we're not expected to contact the pilots if they're flying by visual rules uh not to mention we get about 13 alarms a day so he went to his advisor and told him what he had but since they had had so many false ones they really just kind of disregarded it the controllers decide not to act on the alert but they still contact the cesser and repeat an earlier message traffic in your vicinity PSA jet has you in sight he's descending for Linberg you could almost call it a courtesy call by the approach controller to the Cessna but at that exact moment get over here the planes Collide I feel they should have have watched these two aircraft a little closer I think they were rather Cavalier about it investigators interview the Lindberg Tower controller trying to understand why he also failed to warn both planes about their impending Collision they discover that to monitor traffic he relied on a less sophisticated form of radar the tower controller did not have the Collision alert system at the time when the controller saw the planes within 1 and A2 km of each other he made contact warning the 727 TSA 182 traffic 12:00 one mile assess I think he's passing off to our right yeah if the pilot says he's passing off to our right this implies that he's still maintaining visual separation was his responsibility and you would not worry about it after talking to both controllers investigators still have no answer to the key question in the midair Collision who crashed into whom now let's have the next acetate please and see where that takes us when they finally calculate the two planes actual radar tracks the answer becomes clear this is where the 727 has rear endered the cess the cessate never passed off to the right he was always always in front of PSA the 91 ton aircraft flying at almost kmph simply tore apart the much slower and lighter Cessna we have ploted down here this is the third position the radar track reveals another important detail just before the impact the Cessna turned right into the 727s path why the change in heading the trajectories of the two airplanes are such that had the Cessna not drifted the airplanes would not have collided close examination of the cessna's training flight log reveals one possible reason for the change in Direction he was wearing a training Hood the Cessna pilot wore a training Hood it's a device worn during instrument Flight Training a pilot undergoing training for an instrument rating must learn to fly with exclusive reference to the instruments so on good weather days there has to be some means to block the natural Horizon the outside and it was a black hood that came out about this far from his face so that he couldn't see outside Funk wonders if the hood could have caused him to go off course at the worst possible time the Cessna was told to stay on a 70° heading 711 golf San Diego departure fly heading 070 Pilots are taught to scan their instruments to maintain their heading on occasion you'll see headings that will drift because the learning pilot doesn't have the the heading in that scan fast enough but even if the hood did play a role in causing the Cessna to drift but it does not explain why the PSA crew couldn't see the Cessna got it traffic inside how did the veteran crew of a 727 lose sight of a plane flying directly in front of it investigators now realize they may never find out why the pilot of a Cessna changed its heading putting it on the same flight path as a 727 why the cester pilot did not stay on his uh signed heading I can't answer that question but it's important to know that that drift of that heading wasn't so severe that the a traffic controller called them and said what's your heading so clearly they did turn according to the radar but the significance of it is uh is a bit more questionable what's not in question is that it was the responsibility of the 727s crew to avoid the Cessna the PSA crew when they acknowledged they had the Cessna in sight at that moment became responsible for keeping the airplane separate in Washington investigators review the PSA crew's last moments on the recovered cockpit voice recording all right get it are we clear of that assessment supposed to be I guess I hope oh yeah hold on go back Philip Hogue focuses in on the conversation recorded 35 seconds before the Collision are we clear of that sessment supposed to be I guess I hope oh yeah before we turned down land I saw him about 1:00 probably behind us now the PSA crew not only doesn't see the Cessna they assume they have already passed it it was right in front of them the whole time the 727 when it's it's flying in level flight is a slightly nose up uh condition so that the pilots as they look out they're looking over the nose of the airplane was the nose of the aircraft high and they didn't see the Cessna they may not have realized the Cessna was as close as it was the NTSB conducts a study to determine how long the PSA crew could see the Cessna through their windscreen welcome aboard no use the reference points to adjust your seat they start by adjusting the Pilot's seats for optimal viewing using a device called the design eye reference point the manufacturers designed a very simple but very effective system where you line up little balls in the center post of the wind screen that put your your eye in the same position every time now if you would uh please take a measurement from my ey line to the white ball the middle okay now from the eyeball to the floor please once the Pilot's viewing positions have been determined the photographer uses a special camera to take panoramic images of each Pilot's view okay let's have a look at what the pilots can see would you put up the view he starts with the captain's view radar tracks provide the cessna's heading pitch and Bank angle they plot this data on top of the photographs in 10c intervals let's see what the code pilot can see please what they find is surprising a longer than expected time period in which the PSA crew could see the Cessna 170 seconds of clear view the pilots could have seen the Cessna in plain view how can you miss a plane that is staring you in the face yeah it's something falling doesn't say what but okay all right I'll take that Sue Pritchard investigators wonder if witness reports can shed some light on mystery they discover that there may have been something in the air that misled the pilots we had collected 220 witness reports but 16 of those witness reports revealed that they thought they saw other aircraft tra in area air traffic controllers don't remember a third plane flying nearby but many small planes don't carry a transponder the device needed to identify them had they not had a transponder uh the third airplane may not have been visible to the uh radar in the San Diego approach facility investigators study the cockpit recordings more closely searching for clues about a third plane oh yeah before we turned down we and I saw him about 1:00 probably behind us now 35 seconds before the crash the crew assumed the Cessna was safely out of the way but the captain's 1:00 reference seems odd the flight Paths of the two planes show that the Cessna was never in that position Cessna was at there 11:00 so what plane were they looking at the fact that it was at 1:00 instead of 11:00 indicates that there's a possibility that he saw another aircraft it may have been quite some distance away but he saw another aircraft then another clue about a possible third looking at that inbound over there the plane he spots is flying inbound that means it's flying in the opposite direction of the Cessna that was hit it does open and add further credibility to the possibility that they saw a different airplane but what plane exactly may never be known even after factoring in the 16 reported sightings of other aircraft the team concluded that the 16 Witnesses could not really put a aircraft in that particular area at that particular time investigators are at an impass their visibility study tells them that the Cessna was technically visible for 170 seconds nearly three full minutes so why did the crew of the 727 lose sight of it they go back to the cockpit recording north of the field North eastbound cesna 172 climbing VFR 1,400 135 seconds seconds to impact this is when the controller first mentioned S no okay roll tape agains 2 minutes before the Collision the crew hears the cessna's position being described but they haven't spotted it yet the silhouette of the Cessna would have been difficult as they were approximately the same altitude they're going in the same direction so that the one of the things that the human eye picks up is movement and for a good part of the time this is not moving in the windscreen San Diego Ops were number two because we try harder the Cessna has now been visible for nearly 80 Seconds out of their window but the crew has failed to see it 90 seconds to impact they get another warning and after we read and and saw what CVR said I feel that they were distracted in their conversation roll tape PSA 182 traffics at 12:00 3 m out it traffic Insight stop it 85 seconds before impact the 727s pilots spot the cesser flying ahead of them the crew is then instructed to use visual flight rules and contact the Lindberg Tower okay sir maintain visual separation contact Lindberg Tower 1 33.3 have a nice day okay they saw it one second and then they didn't see it another second well was the conversation such that they looked away and missed it the crew must now keep the Cessna in view while performing other tasks the captain contacts the tower controller and prepares for landing Lindberg PSA downwind the wings uh need to be configured with the proper slats and flap settings the landing gear must be lowered systems have to be adjusted all of these things are going on so it's it's a busy place for three people in a 727 at this critical moment no one is keeping an eye on the Cessna PSA 182 traffic 12:00 1 M CES is that the one we're looking at yeah but I don't see him now the Cessna should be right here in front of them the Cessna was visible just at about the windshield level of PSA and it's really incredible somehow they lost sight of okay can you show me how you normally adjust your seat please but when investigators learn more about how PSA Pilots adjust their seats they begin to understand how the crew may have lost sight of the Cessna that's it you don't use your reference points it's not a requirement to utilize the manufacturer's designed I reference position investigators discover that many Pilots adjust their seats to to their own personal settings Pilots come in all sizes and shapes they learn quickly to adjust the seats to the position that's comfortable some Pilots want to sit lower so they can see their instruments better from this new seat position the cessna's location on the windshield is recalculated the results show an important difference between the two seat settings with the new setting the crew would have had the s in view for only 5 to 10 seconds not a few minutes 5 Seconds that's all the position of the Cessna was down below the nose or the reference that the pilots could see if they had moved their heads up uh they the sesna was still visible but otherwise it was below the wind screen okay let's play find the Cessna but even assuming that the crew did Lean Forward investigators now realize they would face other problems in spotting the Cessna it's almost camouflaged they become harder to see and the terrain makes it even more so because you have white roofs you have dark roofs you have uh roads you have lakes you have trees so the background changes and the aircraft will move across this background is that the one we're looking at yeah I don't see him now the Cessna is now Flying Too Close to the 727 to be viewed without leaning forward and it's against a backdrop that makes it hard to recognize PSA 182 cleared to land2 clear to land a collision is now imminent and the six men involved in preventing it are oblivious the Cessna pilot can't see out of his window his trainer has failed to notice the plane is off course the 727s crew have the Cessna in a blind spot but both controllers assume the crew can see the Cessna and will avoid it there's only one thing that can stop this accident from happening and 144 lives depend on it the PSA Captain should have made the suggestion to the tower I don't see him anymore Captain mcferon will talk to the tower about the Cessna but a misunderstanding over a single word will prove deadly the two planes are 70 seconds from colliding over San Diego KSA 182 traffic 12:00 1 mile flaps five is that the one we're looking for yeah I don't see him now the fate of flight 182 now depends on the captain clearly communicating this to the tower okay we had him there a minute ago but the captain is not clear 22 Roger and the controller assumes the Cessna is still in sight when the PSA Crow lost visual contact they're responsible to tell the air traffic controller I no longer see the Cessna still uncertain about the cessna's location once again the Captain tries to explain his situation to the tower I think he's passed off to it right the comment that the captain makes indicates that they're not sure that they don't have him in in sight at that moment the controller could force the PSA Flight or the cesser to change course but he does nothing it's very difficult to determine what that exchange between the air traffic controller and PSA meant to each of the pilots the captain made the comment I think he's passed off to it right indicating that he wasn't 100% sure the air traffic controller heard it as a declarative statement and answered Y what that meant to the PSA crew I'm not sure we'll ever know he was right over here a minute ago yeah but they were satisfied with the situation enough that they continued the approach and the air traffic controller was satisfied with the situation enough that he did not make any further comments about it okay we had him there investigators want to know why the controller took no action they compare two separate recordings of the conversation between the captain and the controller okay Chris let's hear the first I think he's passed off to our right passed I thought I heard passing before double check that please I think he's passed off to our right he still saying pass let's compare it with the tower because I think I heard passing they make a startling Discovery he's passing out to right passing I was right it does sound like passing due to radio static the controller heard the word passing not passed the difference may have sealed the fate of flight passing big difference the recordings reveal that while the pilot of PSA 182 said one thing the Lindberg Tower controller heard something else I think he's passing off to right yeah now investigators understand why the controller took no action if he had heard the words he's passed off to our right he would have seen from his radar that the pilot was mistaken and that the 727 had not actually pass the Cessna the air traffic controller heard it as he's passing off to our right that indicated that they still have visual contact with him he would believe that the pilot was being able to maintain the separation was his responsibility and you would not worry about it in the spring of 1979 investigators finally conclude who is at fault the determination of the board's report is very clear that the crew obviously did not see the aircraft Cessna in time to divert it away from a catastrophic accident the PSA crew when they lost visual contact is responsible to tell the air traffic controller I no longer see the Cessna and that they did not do the Cessna pilot is also mentioned as a factor for changing course without notifying the tower both controllers are criticized for not following protocol and giving the 727s crew the specific heading of Cessna thinking back to the day there's just a tremendous sadness that comes to mind you know that accidents happen but you think this was an accident that could have been prevented but it wasn't recommendations in the report focus on improving the air traffic control system at Lindberg field they changed procedures after this they put in a terminal control area and there was a great deal of restriction on what kind of traffic could go through and at what altitude so a great many different restrictions to make it a safer operation were put into place at Lindberg after this accident we're out of Los Angeles San Diego at 0905 PSA 182 Roger I just called my off report the guy started next takeoff now there's another Legacy of PSA 182 new rules governing all conversations in the cockpit when flying below 10,000 ,000 ft today's regulation requires that you concentrate your conversation exclusively the operation of the airplane uh at the time of the PSA 182 accident the that regulation was not in effect PSA 182 also helped push the FAA in the search for new technology 3 years after the accident in 1981 a safety device called tcas or tra collision avoidance system was put into development now installed in all passenger aircraft the system warns Pilots when another plane comes too close tcast was a God bless we now can put it on our transponders and we can see or hear or what's going on or be told what's going on with aircraft around us we have come in big leaps to make Aviation safer for people to fly and feel comfortable that their airplane is going to get where they want to go

  Top Comments:
  1. @mama_j1629 [26 likes]: Almost all of these crashes are due to some kind of miscommunication on the radio, it’s now 2026 and we’re still using these archaic communication systems for airplanes
  2. @bonedust82 [1 likes]: 😮!
  3. @Diglett_Dude [1 likes]: Wally Funk, what an awesome name
  4. @Dark_Dixie [1 likes]: You just have to know that the woman in this investigation fought tooth and nail to be respected in such a male dominated industry like aviation has historically been. It's actually amazing to see her in such a role at this time.
  5. @Mike-u1p7h [1 likes]: That plane ✈️ hit my house 🏠 💥🔥 😭
  6. @Mike-u1p7h [1 likes]: I was 16. Back then? ✈️ 💥🔥💀
  7. @michaelkarnerfors9545: That AI thumb-nail was HORRIBLE . Do not ever use them. 

Downvote and not viewing for that.
  8. @pepe794: My friend dropped his mom, Joanne Worrell, off at the airport for this flight. She wasn't paying attention and missed the flight. They didn't know that she missed the flight and saw the news on TV and all started crying. Then she called apologizing for missing her flight and that they needed to come back and pick her up.
  9. @Arthur-bb2zf: Man that controller must have had severe mental anguish for the rest of his life after this accident.
  10. @Phong7080: Why that lady smiled describing a horrific accident involving hundreds of people being death?
  11. @hudai7994: Şuna bak koskoca yolcu uçağı küçük bir uçağa temas etmesiyle alev alıp düşüyor 🤔heralde bir jet uçağı yanından geçse jet uçağının rüzgarından yolcu uçağı toz gibi dağılıp pilotun elinde sadece lövye kalacakmıştı heralde...
  12. @rickcarmack5850: I hope the kids who "seen it on the news and wanted to help" had blessed lives.its a rare thing with kids these days.
  13. @hskim099: What's wrong with the thumbnail? It doesn't look like any known commercial airplane. Is it AI-generated garbage?
  14. @annsmith5712: I think there are too many Cessna these days like flies. , tower control has already too many commercial planes to keep up with.
  15. @nette9836: They always ask if there are any survivors...like, have there ever been? Seriously, when commercial airliners go down in flames and breakapart, there are never any survivors to my knowledge. Let's be so for real here, gang.
  16. @JanieWilliams-v2q: Smaller planes should not be flying in the same area as commercial airlines. We have two here in Asheville. The Airport and 1 & half mile away, The jet center, is where the smaller airplanes land.
  17. @randysnewbiebluesrockguita7782: I'm no piolet but how do you run into a huge jet with nothing else around it? What a shame so many things went wrong in one flight ,well 2.
  18. @TheAncientOneYT: Sad, while I understand the purpose - the training hood is the dumbest thing ever conceived. I feel it should be a rule that if you're up there with other traffic you should retain clear visual ability regardless of what you're training for. (yes, I know that means 99% of the time no hood) But, it is about safety, you want blinders, go fly over Antarctica and do that.. Quit risking lives of other people so you can "learn to focus" on a specific skillset without using a little common sense. Despite the blinder in this case not being the real issue..
  19. @burly636: So which one was the worst in history? The worst in the United States? I flew a couple times in my life and I won’t fly anymore and these just concrete that decision.
  20. @Mike-u1p7h: What happened to the no fly 🛩️ zone? ✈️ 💥🔥💀

- Airplane Crash In-Cockpit Footage: Stinson 108-3: Kind: captions Language: en on August 4th 2012 this video made it to the internet what you're about to witness is a plane crash as it was experienced from the right seat inside the cockpit the accident took place on Saturday June 30th 2012 at the time of this report information was preliminary and subject to change but some had been collected by the NTSB the aircraft is a Stinson model 108-35 generally a 165 horsepower single- engine high-wing propeller-driven aircraft capable of carrying four plus full Fuel and light baggage but an aircraft's performance is dependent among other things on the density of the air it moves through the aircraft appears to be operating from Bruce Meadows air strip a 5,000 ft long dirt and grass air strip situated at an elevation of 6,370 Ft surrounded by 8 and 9,000 ft mountain peaks near the town of Stanley Idaho and that may be important Watch What Happens here what you just saw was the aircraft skipping off the ground after having previously become airborne only after prolonged ground run the aircraft seems unwilling to climb we not speculate as to the cause of the crash but it may nonetheless provide a good example of what pilots call a highdensity altitude takeoff cold low altitude air is more dense it's thicker than air found found at higher altitudes and or higher temperatures moisture in the air humidity displaces air molecules and also acts to thin the air for the pilot of a propeller-driven aircraft thick air has its benefits it gives the surfaces of the aircraft the wings and propeller more to push against as it were it gives a naturally aspirated non-turbocharged engine more air molecules to mix with fuel and that results in higher power output relevant to what you're seeing here the ntsp has collected air data including barometric pressure temperature and moisture for the accident's location on the day of the crash the figures show that while the aircraft was physically located at an elevation of 6,370 Ft the air around it was as thin as that found at 9,167 FT on a standard day in other words compared with a cooler day at a lower altitude the engine of this aircraft had less air to mix with fuel it put out less power while the propeller moved less air and produced less thrust meanwhile the wings produced less lift for any given speed over the ground in practice that means the aircraft needed more land to get to speed and more speed to create lift all the while working with less available power it means it was harder for the aircraft to start to fly assuming that the pilot was attempting to climb this particular aircraft appears strained at best and unwilling at worst whatever the cause this was the result all four men involved in this accident walked away early reports state that the pilot suffered the worst injury including a broken jaw shown in slow motion you can get a sense of how the airframe absorbed energy each impact with a tree lessens the amount of energy left for the final impact with the ground the occupants were lucky once over the trees there was very little the pilot could do if faced with low air speed and Rising terrain a turn was out of the question at that point riding it in might have been their best and only option I'm Glenn Pew for AV web.com thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @For-The-Birds-88 [1 likes]: Bruh 😮
  2. @wegoamzatgmail: As a guy who was doing Paragliding said.... "Luckily the ads give me income online so I can buy a new glider because these trees are going to be a paaaaaaain" 💥
  3. @brucebeckman3495: Who would have kept going after a full minute of take off run when you still have a good landing roll ahead of you.
  4. @broms316: He had so much opportunity to emergency land
  5. @bonjovi1612: The more you know.
  6. @alanlocklear8564: Stupid stupid pilot... 
Those guys have any brains they will never get into an airplane with him again
  7. @lesbuckwalter8988: He should have stopped long before he got to the end of the runway.  As an older guy myself, I think the pilot wasn't up to it.   Buck.   e.t.r.
  8. @meisterlymanu5214: The Lead Pine Tree "Its coming right at us"
  9. @VOOODOOO-k6e: MORON
  10. @Robert-l6g8i: What an idiot. No climb. 0 climb. It wouldn't. Even after a minute airbourne. Still no climb possible. He STILL has land ahead options. Acres of grass.  And he thought... what? Burn off 5kg of fuel and we can climb? Just frigging land it. 

But no. Press on. Crash into trees. Extremely poor airmanship.
  11. @bigospig: All he needed was one passenger to volunteer for bailing out and he could have made it.
  12. @915buck: So glad the pilot got the worse.... Very stupid, stupid, stupid human being!!  Too heavy, too heavy too heavy!!
  13. @MrROTD: Thrust and lift are reduced with the lower air density meanwhile drag is only a little reduced and gravity stays the same.
  14. @zaheerali9635: we should train our brain to sometimes reverse our decisions, the pilot was committed to keep flying and keep the aircraft airborne, while it was clearly seen in the video that the aircraft is refusing to gain altitude, had the pilot recognized this early on.. he would have avioded this crash! it is easy to comment sitting at the comfort of our home, but it important to wire our brains to take some serious decisions when needed! safety comes first!
  15. @Bobby8451: Stupid pilot. He had plenty of time to put that thing down before hitting those trees.
  16. @FloridaLawful: What a nut going over the trees. He had time to make a long wide no-slip turn back to the runway. It was obvious there was no power to build a buffer of altitude and being only 100’ over the trees with that is completely nuts!
  17. @zmanmd1641: This is called running out of altitude, airspeed and ideas.  A slow u turn back to the runway may have saved them vs trying to climb out into rising terrain.
  18. @Thatrabbitsdynamite3: You want to wait until that sun is really hot in the sky.
Only way to go... 💀
  19. @MafiaCosaNostra-s9u: People are always trying to do more with less.  These smaller engines with lower output - why just why?
  20. @MericaMotherFucker: He had 12 and a half years to put that plane back down. Hopefully that individual was charged with criminal negligence and banned from piloting ever again. Absolute disaster of a human being.

- Single Pilot Jet Safety Tips, with David miller - Pilot's Discretion Podcast (ep. 112): Kind: captions Language: en Today on Pilot's Discretion, we're joined by safety expert and writer David Miller. He tells us about flying single pilot jets, what a lead passenger is, and car detailing. Pilot's discretion starts right now. [Applause] [Music] Hi everyone, I'm John Zimmerman and thanks for listening to Pilot's Discretion from Sporties. Visit sporties.com/mpodcast for today's show links and access to our complete archives. And remember, you can send us an email with your comments, questions, and guest ideas anytime at podcast atporties.com. Today, my guest is David Miller, a successful entrepreneur who used airplanes to grow his car wash chemical business over many years. After selling that business in 2005, he became a founding member of the Citation Jet Pilots Association where he has worked extensively on safety projects and presented all over the country. David is also a longtime writer contributing to Twin and Turbine magazine for many years and he's even written a book titled Confessions of a Very Private Pilot. David has been flying for more than 50 years, logging time in Piston Singles, Piston Twins, Jets, everything in between. and today he is the owner of a beautifully restored beach baron which I will definitely ask about. David, welcome to Pilot's discretion. >> Thank you, John. I guess we're finished now. I guess we can That's it, huh? >> It's It's quite a lead in, but I'm going to try to make you earn your place here, which I'm confident you will. You've presented on and written about uh a lot of topics over the years, often with a with a humorous touch, but safety seems to be the common thread in everything you talk about and as I understand it, your interest was peiqued in this subject many years ago by a very personal connection to an accident. So tell us how that got you down this safety path. >> So my father had a business partner. We we manufactured car wax and polish and um his partner owned a an M model Bonanza and uh unfortunately he was the kind of pilot that was an accident looking for a place to happen. He had previously landed gear up in his Bonanza and then about 1976 he uh died uh trying to shoot an NDB approach to 200 and a half in his Bonanza. and I was uh asked to go out to the scene of the accident in Merkel, Texas near West Texas. And I remember I was probably I don't know 23 or something like that. I remember seeing you know the result of the that tragedy on on the ground and um I think that's what I I had always been in involved in aviation. I was already a private pilot then, got my license in high school. But I think when I saw the u the effects of bad decision-making, it it made an indelible uh place in my memory. >> Understandably so. Well, if we fast forward, I know some of the work you've done recently with the Citation Jet Pilots Association, CJP, uh there's been a partnership with flight safety and the focus has been to reduce runway excursions. So runway overruns or off the side of the runway uh which seems like a simple thing but is a is a significant problem. So first explain why those are a persistent problem in light jets and then maybe talk specifically about what this safe to land program is all about. Well, it's persistent uh runway excursions because um of behavior. We all um well, not we all of us, but a lot of owner pilots, single pilots are uh very driven. They like to get from point A to point B in the in the least amount of time. And oftentimes that results in uh approach speeds in excess of what's necessary. And so at CJP we were experiencing what we thought were um too high a rates of runway excursions. They are seldom u fatal but they're often uh very damaging to airframes and a lot of times pilots can't even get insurance after an accident like that. So we started uh we undertook a very large study uh with a group called PR out of Canada who had worked exclusively with airlines around the world in looking at behavior changing behavior at many many airlines in uh approach uh procedures and decision making and that kind of thing. And we studied our own members hundreds of them. Uh and from the results of that study, we formed a a working group within CJP to look at what our pilots were doing. Um it wasn't a situation where we hired somebody to come in and give us a 6-in binder with how we should operate, but instead we decided to go from the ground up to to look at the psychology of what our pilots were thinking when they went around or when they didn't go around or when they tried to salvage an approach. And we we found some remarkable uh results and we took those results and formed a group within our own organization. We called it a working group of 10 volunteers who spent three days at at a flight safety facility in Witchah looking at the results and writing our own uh SOPs, standard operating procedures for our members. Uh and and from that we developed um I helped develop the the program called safe to land. Uh and then we flight safety uh made a huge investment and actually was able to modify their simulators so that we could put our members in situations in the simulator where they would experience floating down the runway or drifting down the runway. Very different from wake turbulence encounters that many pilots get in the simulator. But this was the first of its kind. No one had ever done this uh that we know of in in the world. Um and it became very popular. It was um adopted has been adopted by Gulfream and other uh airframes are looking at there are other aviation pilot groups that are now trying want to emulate that kind of uh program and and the bottom line is we came up with verbalized callouts on the approach. Uh for instance at 1,000 ft we verbalize the word stable and that means that our airplane is configured for landing. We have the gear and the flaps in the appropriate position. uh at 500 ft, we say the word stable, which means we are within a plus or minus variance on the air speed for reference on the approach speed. And if we're not in those situations, then we verbalize the offending parameter. Uh if we're if we're 30 knots fast, we would say air speed, air speed, air speed until we are stable. and and we also made the decision our group that we we would um make the go-around decision at 200 ft. In other words, we uh as long as we are stable or trending stable uh we will make we will we will uh wait until 200 feet to make that goound decision and then at that point there is no discussion there is no thinking there is no rationality. It is an automatic goaround and it has the program itself we we trademarked it safe to land and it has uh I think radically changed the thinking and hopefully the behavior of our members that that fly citations. Um we t we this study that we did took the landing phase and made it into a science instead of uh um you know when I've been flying for 55 53 years whatever it is I always knew kind of where I was going to land on the runway maybe not exactly and I didn't know exactly what when I broke out of an instrument approach and I had you know red and white vasy lights even though I was on the glide slope glide path um I didn't know exactly what that meant and and we have taken all this and made it into a science so that the the the term a rising tide floats all boats that not all of our members adopt everything we do but a lot of our members adopt some things and so it's made our entire group safer. Our accident rates have come down. Uh the insurance companies are now looking at uh our programs very carefully and and some of which are even requiring our uh training and our extra standard gold standard training that we do at Citation Jets, especially for older pilots uh like myself as we start to get above 70. Uh the the the uh choices and the opportunities are very uh much limited. But the more training we do and the more the more we adopt those kind of of uh policies and procedures, the easier it is to get to get coverage and continue our flying. >> It's a great program. I love the the datadriven approach you took to it. Not just preaching, but really focusing on the numbers. I think there's lots of lessons there. Certainly, if you fly a Bonanza or Cirrus or 182, there's plenty of lessons to take away from that. It's definitely not unique to jets or citations. So, uh, it's a fascinating program and I think CJP is to be congratulated for that work. Another program I know you've worked on and written about, uh, is maybe related, but it's what you term what good looks like. And I love this because it's the opposite of many safety programs where we highlight failures. We talk about accidents. Um, and in this case, you're talking about what you should do. So tell me first about why you think it's important to focus on what good looks like instead of just the accidents and then again uh what is this program all about and and what are the lessons for pilots? >> Sure. I I I came up with the idea oh a number of years ago about putting myself in uh in a simulator in various citation simulators uh and experiencing some of what probably every pilot experiences at one point in their career whether it's an unstable approach or confusion about the automation in the cockpit or uh taking off after maintenance and some of the switches are not in the appropriate position. all the kind of things that happen to all of us. You fly long enough and those kind of things will happen to you. So they our our safety committee unanimously decided that the pilot who should look bad or or look challenged on every flight was me. There was no one else was nominated. It was unanimous. And so they put me in the in the simulator and we produced over 40 videos and they are available at at citationjetpilots.com. You can actually I think access them without even being a member. Uh but we show me experiencing, you know, engine out situations or uh you just you name it. And uh we don't crash in the simulator, but we get close to it and we get into uncomfortable situations and we try to I try to um imagine what it would be like for a friend of mine to experience that same thing. And then after my experience or or lack of experience, uh we uh we we cut to a professional safety real professional safety guy and he says, you know, David was having a a little struggle doing that goaround. It didn't look like it was very organized. Let's see, let's see how we could do it in a more professional safe manner. And so we showed the kind of the good and the bad uh of all those kind of scenarios. And I think it's it's turned out to be we we have thousands of views because um our members like to think about put themselves in that exact situation and maybe they have not experienced the exact same thing but they have experienced something similar u and lets them kind of think about how they would do it and then look and see you know what the right the correct procedure or the safer procedure would be. So, it's been very it's been very successful and uh I'm actually shooting a series now for the Piper group, the M Popa, who wants to do the very same thing. So, um I I think it has some legs. >> So, what can I do if I'm transitioning into a jet for the first time to get prepared and to be safe? Obviously, I need to study the books. I need to go to initial training. There's all the the things that the FAA, the insurance company are going to make sure I do. But outside of the obvious, what are some other things I should do to prepare myself to be the pilot of a jet? >> There are a lot of new terms when you come from a piston or Cirrus or a turbine aircraft that only involve jets. uh second segment climb and and um those those kind of so when when you go for a type rating and I'm a strong believer in simulator-based typewriting you you can do it in the airplane and there are some advantages even to buying a a jet and having a professional pilot fly with you for a number of hours to get especially if it's your first jet to get you in the comfort range so that when you go to a full typewriting course which is typically several weeks and involves a check ride. Uh you are not um uh you are not dunked into a situation where you have to learn it's it's like you know uh drinking from a fire hose. And so if you're comfortable with the airplane to some degree uh you can take the stress of that out. Uh so I think having experience it's really hard to find someone that you can fly with in a jet because it's it's just difficult to coordinate that. But we have had a number of members who bought their first jet and then hired a professional pilot uh flew in the right or left seat got instruction for maybe even a year. Uh yes, it's expensive, but it is uh certainly a way to reduce the stress and improve your performance when um when you have to take that full check ride. >> Talking more generally about owner groups or type clubs, which you've, as you just mentioned, worked with a lot. What do you think the value is here? What do I get from being a member of a type club like CJP or one of the other groups out there? >> There, you know, I have the the um pleasure of being able to speak to almost all of them. And so I get to be a a member quote unquote and I get to see how they operate and and what their focus is. And they're all very very uh worthwhile. Typically they cost from $300 to $500 a year. Many of them like CJP have discounts that if you join you you get more than that back from uh you know discounted services from Textron or people like that. Uh the big um help is in the camaraderie and the uh ability. Almost all of these organizations had chat rooms with thousands of posts. So you can even uh if you're really smart and very few people do this, you'll say you're thinking about a Piper Meridian or for instance, you can join the Piper group and go to their events um and ask questions, you know, really of owners instead of not necessarily salespeople. How does the airplane perform? What are its shortcomings? And you can read the chat rooms for they're literally thousands of pages of all kind of opinions but you can develop a a huge knowledge base about any airplane that you might be interested in. You can go to their conventions and u not many as I say not many people do that because many people view these as a private clubs but uh they all are looking for new members and new uh interest and uh all of them welcome people even if they don't have an airplane um I know the CJP folks have a part of their convention called first jet ownership and so they actually have a three-hour breakout with people who haven't bought their airplane yet when they're deciding what to buy. So, it it's a these organizations can provide just uh huge amounts of information for very little money. >> They're a great investment. I've been a member of many owner groups over the years and especially that first year or two when you own the airplane. It's just unbelievable how much knowledge you can get out of the collective wisdom of other owners. So, wholeheartedly agree. In fact, I saw you speak earlier this year at the Palatus Owners and Pilots Association convention. I was there soaking up knowledge when you spoke. uh and you presented there on a topic that I have occasionally heard referenced but not much which was this concept of a lead passenger and you made the pitch that GA pilots should appoint a lead passenger on every flight. This is not just a charter thing for Gulf Streams. So tell me about that concept. Why does that matter? Why should I do that in my Bonanza or my Baron? Yeah, it the concept came from corporate aviation, you know, big airplane, the Gulfream and Falcon and that kind of thing and Challengers uh where you you might not have a flight a trained flight attendant, but there needed to be someone in the airplane who was uh trained to some degree who could handle the emergency side, the passenger side of the of an emergency or an unusual situation. Uh, I use the analogy of a lithium battery burning in the back of an airplane. If you're flying single pilot and that that uh computer is on fire behind you and you've got passengers, you're going to be uh you're going to have a lot of screaming, crying, smoke, and you know who who knows what else. And it's very easy. I make the analogy of flying single pilot in the left seat and as you turn to the right to look in the back your arm accidentally disconnects the autopilot and there's so much screaming but you don't even hear the beep beep. You don't hear that because of what's going on. So now you're focused, your attention's focused in the back with screaming passengers or anxious passengers. It might even be a medical situation. um and your airplane's now in a 60° bank when you turn around and you're faced with, you know, a very difficult situation. So, if if you can reduce that possibility by appointing someone that flies with you on a consistent basis, many of us fly with our companions, our wife, for instance, uh Patty is our lead passenger for our family and she knows where the fire extinguisher is. She knows how to open the doors. She knows how to connect the oxygen mass. She knows how where the burn bag is for the, you know, computer. Um, so instead of me being diverted from my attention of flying the airplane, she can handle that anxiety and it also relieves the passenger stress somewhat because they know getting on the plane, they know that Patty is the lead passenger. So they are told to address any concerns they have to her rather than the pilot. Um, and you can do it if you're if it's a business situation, you can do it with a frequent business passenger. But it's um, everywhere I've presented it, I I see a lot of nodding heads because people, yeah, they they could see that happening to them in that situation. And if you can you can reduce that possibility, everybody else feels better. >> Yeah, it's a great idea. And I think many pilots maybe do it informally, but I think there's value in making it more formal and having some type of uh basic training for the the person who's going to be a lead passenger in identifying it. So, as you said, if nothing else, it might give the other passengers some confidence. >> I think we we discount the fact that there are a lot of passengers that fly with us that would prefer not to. They're they don't like to fly. They're flying with us because they love us, because they know it's our passion, >> because they want to get to the same destination we do. But if they had a choice, they would probably not. So just getting on the airplane and they probably don't uh verbalize that because it just creates problems. But if they understand that and feel more comfortable because if something happens that there's going to be someone else to help them reduce that anxiety, it probably works for the pilot and the passengers as well. >> Great long-term investment in family or company togetherness if uh everybody's a little bit happier flying on the airplane. >> David, let's take a quick break and we'll be back with some more questions. Have you ever struggled with a headset that pinches or breaks its seal just because you're wearing glasses or a hat? Or maybe you've tried to make a critical call from the cockpit only to be met with muffled, unclear audio. It's more than just an annoyance. It's a distraction you don't need in the left seat. It's time for an upgrade. Introducing the Lightseed Zulu 4, the brand new premium headset from Lightseed Aviation, available exclusively at Sporties. Experience truly unparalleled comfort and superior noise reduction with Lightseed's unique frame fit ear seals. These aren't just comfortable, they adapt perfectly, maintaining a secure noise blocking seal around your ears, even when you're wearing glasses, sunglasses, or a hat. And when you need to communicate, be heard like never before. The Zulu 4 features Lighteed's best microphone yet, which offers an AI enhanced mode for Bluetooth, ensuring your phone call to ATC or flight service is a remarkable two times clearer. But the Zulu 4 isn't just new innovations. You still get Lighteed's renowned active noise reduction for an incredibly quiet cockpit, plus the rugged build quality you trust with durable Kevlar cables and a robust stainless steel headband. The Lightseed Zulu 4 offers the perfect blend of innovation and proven performance. All for $200 less than other premium headsets. Get yours today only at Sporties. Visit sporties.com/zulu4 to learn more. Now back to pilot's discretion. We are back with David Miller who has written for twin and turbine magazine for many years covering topics that are relevant to owners of TBMs, King Airs, Citations, even high performance pistons. And David, one of the most important topics in this world recently has been insurance, particularly as you mentioned for older pilots. What do you think the current situation is there? If I want to be single pilot operator of a turbine aircraft, what are my options right now? And is it getting any better? >> It is getting better. The it's that's you know that's the that's the flavor of the day. The market es and flows. Two or three years ago it was extreme. It was very very difficult. It's there are more underwriters on the scene now competing. So the premiums are coming down and it's loosening up a little bit. I would say above age 70, the the best thing you can do is to for those of us who went to college, we remember writing an essay to get as part of our entry into a college. We had to sell ourselves. There were a lot of years when you could call up any insurance company and you know you you get a quote. when it gets competitive or especially when you get above 70, you need to go back to the college days and write the essay. And by that I mean you need to write a full page of everything that is uh that governs the way you fly. For instance, if you fly a jet and you don't fly into less than 4,000 foot runways, you don't go internationally, you you know, you you train twice a year, uh all the things that you kind of take for granted or you have forgotten about. Um for instance, you may be involved in one of your pilot organization safety committee, any anything that makes you stand out to the underwriter because when was the last time you had lunch with your underwriter? The answer is never. So, you are being represented by a third party. Some do a great job, some don't, but you've got to produce a document that you hope can get in front of the underwriter that will say, "Hey, wow, this uh I haven't seen one of these in a long time." So, it differentiates you and makes you a a more valuable or a less uh risky uh uh uh uh insured. It's great advice because as I understand in the insurance market, most of the single engine piston world, it's pretty automated the underwriting. If you're going to get a 172 insured, it's unlikely that a human underwriter is going to spend a lot of time looking at that. They're going to be running it through the formula. That's not true on turbines. If you're trying to insure a CJ2 or a TBM or something with a much higher hole value, you're probably going to have some humans who are spending some time looking at it. So, telling that story really does make a difference. So, >> yeah. and and in the next I would say in the next certainly the next five years you're going to see insurance premiums based on ADSB or some kind of performance captured data. So, you know, there are people who don't like Big Brother watching them, but ADSB is out there. Um, if you are a member or even if you're not a member of a pilot group and you can capture your performance data through Cloud Ahoy or Fly Stow or some other way, um, you don't necessarily have to provide that information, but it certainly makes you a a better pilot if you are monitoring your performance. uh and just be prepared because before you stop flying you may be they may be actually telling you how you fly instead of the other way around. The other thing is if you can uh citation jet pilots and others have a training uh um or a training programs called CJP is called gold standard and there are about 10 criteria if you meet those criteria uh one of which is is training two times a year uh you can uh receive an award in that their case it's called gold standard the uh mopa popa people have it I think the TBM folks have it and they're all going into recognition of training above and beyond what's required by the FAA. So if you can document that, it's a pedigree uh just like a report card that you can present to the underwriter. >> Another topic related to the insurance one is one pilot versus two pilots. And most pilots I know were individualistic type people. Uh we like to do things solo. A lot of pilots like to fly solo, even up into some pretty high performance jets, but the insurance company doesn't always feel the same way. And I know throughout your career, uh, when you were building your business flying jets, in many cases, you did hire a co-pilot to fly with you so you could stay safe and also stay sharp on business and and have some flexibility there. So, talk through that decision. Some owners, I think, today are are hesitant to have that co-pilot, but I personally believe there's great value in it. So, how should somebody evaluate that decision? >> When I w were building our business, I had a Duke at the time and I came to the decision that I could not be I could not run my business and run my airplane to the standards that I wanted to do every day. So I hired uh even though the Duke is certainly single pilot and most of them are flown that way. I hired a uh a second pilot to fly with me and he stayed with me to the B100 King Air and then a Saberlin liner which required two pilots, Falcon 10 which did Falcon 50. Um, and some of the the most fun flying I had was, you know, flying left seat, uh, going to do business, coming back to the airport, briefing the weather with the other pilot who had done all the mundane chores, checking the weather, filling the, you know, filling the tanks, all the kind of things that take time and mental power away from me running my business. So I did could could you know not quite jump in the plane but almost and fly left seat and enjoy that part of it and and operate as a crew. Uh the challenge is finding someone that is really good in that right seat. I think a lot of pilots tend to look for the low they're the lowest bidder type thing and they hire the guy who you know taught them in the 172 uh or someone that has you know no uh is not a wow pilot. And I've always thought that if you're going to pay someone to fly with you, you need to learn something on every flight that you did not learn before. And if that person cannot teach you that, you're wasting your money. So I hired really good people uh overqualified people who would uh train me, who would teach me uh and and I learned a lot from that. I learned the crew environment and I just absolutely love flying crew because it uh with the right person, it's safer. the statistics bear that out. I do a lot of flying with with two pilots as well. And if you're humble enough to read the accident statistics, what you find is that it's just flatout safer. There's a reason the airlines have two pilots up there. Uh so it's certainly not the answer for everybody, but I I agree with you. In some cases, when you're trying to mix business and flying, there's great value in being able to turn off your pilot brain, turn on your business brain, but then know when you get back to the airport, you've got somebody else there to fly with you. David, we always finish pilots discussion with a lightning round called ready to copy. So, I'll throw out some questions rapid fire style here on a range of topics and you read back with your quick answer. You ready to copy? >> All right, go. >> What is one skill I should practice if I'm transitioning into a turbine airplane for the first time? >> Verbalizing checklists. >> And what's an example of that? >> Uh your your your departure procedure. What happens in an engine failure? exactly what you're going to do. >> What is the best citation model Cessna ever made? >> The Citation Mustang for the bang for the buck. Uh it's the lowest performer, but it does doesn't do everything in any anything number one, but it does almost everything really, really well. I've owned three of them. So, >> you mentioned the Saberlin Liner, which is a really cool airplane. What's the most unique feature of that airplane? Uh the Saberlin Liner had landing gear that was only about I don't know probably six feet apart. So it was squirly on the runway. You you had to square dance or at least I did when I landed it. It but it was a built like a tank. Uh, you know, it it was and the one the most unusual thing about the airplane, it had leading edge slats that were aerodynamically controlled so that when you they all they fell down or forward based on their weight and when you got going fast enough the airflow would push them back onto the wing. So they had no hydraulics or no electrics. It was simply mechanical. >> Amazing airplane. You just completed a beautiful restoration of a P baron which uh you wrote about in Twin and Turbine magazine with all kinds of great pictures. What was the most surprising lesson you learned during that process? >> Be patient. Uh we did a complete absolute complete panel with you know everything that almost everything Garmin has to offer. Uh it takes time to do it right uh longer than you think. Uh so I think uh patience is probably the the best thing to think about. >> And what is your favorite feature of that beautiful panel? >> Wow. It has the Garmin 8000 radar, which is probably one of the uh it's a set it and forget it type radar. Um most pilots will tell you that radar is more of an art than a science. and and this the Garmin 8000 makes it a science where you uh simply push a few buttons and it can give you tremendous amounts of information. >> Baron versus P Baron. How how do I compare those if I'm considering buying one? >> Uh if you're married and she wants air conditioning and she doesn't want to suck on a on a oxygen mask, uh P Baron will fit the bill. As a matter of fact, my next article in Twin and Turban is called Don't Ask Me How She Got There. And it's a story about how I got my wife Patty from the front right seat to the back of the cabin through that very very narrow opening between the seats. And it involves yoga and and a lot of pushing. And it it's a it's I think it's going to be quite humorous. >> Well, you mentioned the humorous part. You that's a a highlight of much of your writing and presenting. Why do you think humor works for talking about safety? >> Uh the safety can be boring. It and I I've always I've always had a sense of humor, but making it interesting, making it relevant, uh I think it helps keep uh people's attention to if you long as you know when to hit them with serious stuff and you're able to make an impression on them, I think uh it makes it more interesting. >> You mentioned simulator training. What's your favorite thing to practice in the sim? >> Well, the most difficult thing is this and and the thing that almost never happens is called the V1 cut where you lose an engine at right at the at the worst possible moment on takeoff. And for some reason, that is the can be the hardest uh thing to control in the simulator. That's probably the most challenging thing. But I think flying um professionally, flying with the least amount of mistakes, we ne I have never had a flight where I didn't make a mistake. And I think uh trying to make every flight as perfect as you can and then taking the time to reflect on it after, you know, on the drive home from the airport. I always like to do that and say, "Okay, what did I do really well? What did I not do so well? What what do I need to focus on next time?" >> Such good advice. The post-flight self debrief I think is one of the more undervalued things in aviation. Yeah, >> that drive home can be very revealing. >> I know you've been involved in the Special Olympics Airlift. So, give me your 10-word sales pitch on participating in this event. >> Wow, it's life-changing. Um Patty and I did it for the first time a couple years ago. I know it's up next year again. Uh if you have the opportunity just to see thousands of kids come in, most of which are flying on a small airplane for the first time in their life. Um and just see the smiles on their faces. Patty and I got to work all day long with Payton Manning on on the ramp who is as nice a person as you can ever meet. Volunteered his time to come down and shake shake the kids hands. And um it's just a incredible experience to see what joy you can bring with your airplane. >> All right, we're going to go personal here because uh you mentioned you learned to fly in high school as did I. I think you also met your wife in high school as did I. So I'm interested in comparing notes here. What is your best tip for a successful first flying date? >> Wow, that's a good one. Ours ours was in in high school and uh I had previously been uh going for years to the control tower before I could even drive a car. My parents would drop me off and I would buzz the the tower and they would let me up. And so those tower operators knew me as well as my parents did. And the first thing they wanted to do was to meet Patty because they had understood that I now had a girlfriend. And so I took Patty up to the tower and they approved her approved of her. And then we went in a Cherokee 140 um which was, you know, all I all I could afford. But I think they were probably $25 an hour back then uh wet and um it was it was a great experience cuz I was the only kid in high school that had their pilot's license and so I had some um also had a car and so I had some unique um a unique skill set that I could compete with some of the taller, more good-looking uh folks in in the high school. >> Great life advice for all the teenage listeners of this podcast. All right. We always like to go outside aviation and you know a lot about detailing clay. So tell me how do I use this stuff properly? >> Well, we it was uh a stroke of luck that my company discovered that product in Japan and it became literally a once-in-a-lifetime product for our company and it enabled me to sell the company actually and and buy a jet. Um there are now you know many many detailed clays on the market. The uh I think the thing to do is to uh make sure your surface is clean on your car. And I guess for those that don't know what detailing clay is, it looks like a a bar of C4 explosives, but it's not that. But you literally uh spray a a uh liquid just a a lubricant on the surface of the paint and rub this clay like look like a clay bar and it removes any kind of contaminants on the paint like nothing has ever done before. And so we we were just lucky enough to find it and patent it and um it became you know like I said a you know a cool product. I I like going and meeting strangers now and they'll ask me what I did and I'll say something about the clay and they'll say, "Oh, I love it. I I use it." And so it's kind of neat to see total strangers using something that and get a smile on their face that that you had something to do with. >> Our last question is always the same on pilots discretion. You have one final flight and we want to know what are you flying and where are you going? >> I'm going to fly Falcon 10. The coolest airplane. The Falcon 10 had a ref speed of 104 knots, but it also had a VMO of of uh 370 knots or Mach 87, so it could fly really slow and really fast. Uh, and I would be going to from Madison to Crest, Colorado. >> David, thanks for being on the podcast. >> Anytime. Thank you, John. Thanks for listening to Pilots Discretion brought to you by Sporties. Training and equipping pilots worldwide for over 60 years. For more episodes and today's show links, visit sporty's.com/mpodcast. I'm John Zimmerman. We'll see you next time on Pilot's Discretion.

- Ensuring Safety for Single-Pilot Operations: Kind: captions Language: en Brad Pierce: OK, the bird looks good. It looks absolutely great to fly right now. Hi everybody. I'm Raquel Rodriguez with NBAA TV. Right now we're 15,000 feet up in the air, taking a closer look and how single pilots navigate the skies. VO: It first begins on the ground. Just checking all of the leading edge of the wing here, all the surfaces.... All is looking good here. VO: Brad Pearce, the president of Restaurant Equipment World, uses his Cirrus SR22 Turbo all the time for business. So much so, that he's getting ready to transition into the Cirrus Vision Jet SF50. Pierce: So the aircraft is a vital tool in my business. It's like a forklift in my warehouse. It's a tool that I use to get business done. Since the beginning of this year I've flown my aircraft on 125 flights for business. VO: Safety though is still his number one concern. We don't skimp on training. We don't skimp on maintenance. We don't skimp on buying the absolute best aircraft. Pierce: As a single pilot, I rely heavily on automation. So many of the systems in modern-day aircraft are automated that I'm able to utilize the Garmin avionics system here and it tells me a lot of the information. It monitors things that make my workload as a pilot much easier. VO: According to the NBAA-BACE Single-Pilot Safety Standdown session There were 1,982 single-pilot business aviation accidents and incidents from 2010 to 2017. Pierce: We see people get into trouble when they push themselves, When they're not quite ready to be at that level yet. VO: Pierce says nowadays with all the automated systems, flying single-pilot is dramatically safer. Pierce: The airplane is flying itself. The autopilot is doing all of the work. You're really in a role almost just as a co-pilot, monitoring the systems and ensuring that all the systems are doing precisely what you told them to do. To find more resources on business aviation safety, go to NBAA.org/ops/safety. For NBAA TV, I'm Raquel Rodriguez.

- FROM THE ARCHIVES |  Single Pilot IFR (1992): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] here we've got a t bar ii departure which will give me radar vectors to salzburg silver okay okay single pilot ifr there's a lot of that going on these days from beginners to experienced professionals instrument pilots are doing it all by themselves and quite safely we might add morning flight service this is cessna cessna skylane i got a weather briefing about 30 minutes ago and received all the no tams this will be a flight between tetoboro airport new jersey and zanesville ohio the aopa air safety foundation is convinced that single pilot ifr is a safe way to fly our purpose here is to point out problem areas and offer some suggestions to help you become a better safer pilot when you're flying ifr by yourself single pilot ifr is a demanding operation perhaps no type of flying requires greater skill and concentration imposes greater workloads and mental stress or exacts higher penalties for mistakes when you're by yourself you're the pilot the navigator systems manager the record keeper and sometimes flight attendant as well without a co-pilot instrument flying can easily become a conflict of system demand versus pilot capability the biggest single problem of single pilot ifr is a very simple one workload doing everything that needs to be done high density traffic areas and poor weather conditions can create workloads that exceed the loan pilot's capabilities once you're in the ifr system you must cope and cope well with whatever comes your way that's the four four one two four zero five q4 clear for ticker roger cessna 99441 cleared for takeoff there's some pretty fancy equipment available for instrument flying today but equipment alone is not the answer whether your airplane has all the avionics money can buy or nothing but basic instruments and radios good planning and preparation can make the difference between a pleasant flight experience and a nightmare of stress and confusion the problems of single pilot ifr cannot be solved by buying expensive equipment the key to successful single pilot ifr is planning ahead throughout this program we will emphasize planning ahead the very best way to make single pilot ifr safer and more pleasant this pilot has planned a relatively long trip and his weather briefing made it clear he'd have to go south of pittsburgh to avoid thunderstorms a smart move notice that he sketched the major weather systems on the flight planner as the briefer described them knowledge of the big picture is a vital part of planning ahead and helps to avoid surprises rather than try to read a totally unfamiliar chart at the last minute when things are really busy and you've just been cleared for the approach take a pre-flight look at the charts you might use at destination become familiar with the nav aids you'll need and do the same thing for your alternate airport a little study will pay big dividends later if a standard instrument departure procedure is published you might receive it as part of your clearance most sids are very simple with radar vectors to get you started and clearance direct to an enroute vor not long after takeoff but some sids require pilot navigation and the best time to figure it out is while you're still on the ground a sid will usually include the initial altitude and the departure control frequency so don't be surprised when your clearance comes through without these critical items check out the sid during your pre-flight planning so you'll know exactly what to expect tidabara clearance delivery this is cessna 529041 atlantic infield with papa instruments to zanesville ohio copying an ifr clearance is an important part of any instrument operation a good copy helps to get you in a positive frame of mind for the rest of the flight and that's especially important when you're by yourself you can make it easier by practicing every chance you get and by developing your own clearance shorthand no one can write down all those names and numbers as fast as a controller can read it it's another way to plan ahead and oh wait a minute looks like his clearance is coming through now are you ready to copy uh ready to copy niner four one four one is cleared to the zanesville ohio airport two departure as filed expect furtherance we know he's not going to find that piece of paper oh he'll get the clearance straightened out but only after admitting that he doesn't know what route he filed and the controller will have to read him the entire clearance time wasted for everyone frustration and embarrassment for the pilot not a good way to begin a flight this pilot could have saved himself a lot of trouble by using the rest of the flight planner he made great notes of his weather briefing and if he had filled in the blanks on the backside he would have had the information he needed when the clearance was issued many pilots like to highlight the planned route on the chart it's an easy way to find airways and intersections when you need to and it's another way of planning ahead it's very important for instrument pilots to get as much actual weather experience as possible but don't try to do it all at once fly your first few trips in vfr conditions then move on to some actual weather at cruising altitude and work gradually toward the goal of a complete ifr trip in clouds all the way attitude plays a very important part in your performance as you become more proficient you become more confident and you can also become complacent without frequent practice or recurrent training it's easy to reach a state where your confidence exceeds your capabilities the pilot who has planned ahead stops get their itis cold by having an alternate plan in mind and doesn't hesitate to use it getting there is important delaying or even canceling a flight is always a viable option and that decision must be based on the weather the aircraft and your own capability don't allow emotions to influence the go no go decision planning ahead especially for single pilot ifr includes an evaluation of the weather conditions with legal personal and equipment limitations in mind a good weather briefing should be continued throughout the flight you can get updates from several sources flight watch atis and automatic weather stations for example arrow five nine niner runway two seven wins two one zero one five because two five clear for takeoff one of these factors is most important resolve to respect whatever limits you set be ready and willing to change your plans before takeoff or at any time during a flight 91 205 is very specific about the minimum equipment required for instrument flight engine gauges the basic flight instruments attitude indicator heading indicator and so on but there's not much in the book about radio gear you can get along in the ifr system with only the basics but you'll be working a lot harder to make it happen and reducing workload will contribute more to the safety of single pilot ifr operations than anything else one way to reduce the workload is to use a good headset and boom mic the ability to talk at the touch of a button without reaching for a hand mic eliminates a major distraction the headset lets you hear and understand communications much better the headset boom mic combination provides so many benefits that we consider it an absolute requirement for single pilot operations communication radios with frequency pre-selection capability also help reduce workload because you can enter a new frequency as it's assigned and the previous frequency remains instantly available if you need it now you'll need something to write on because an instrument flight inevitably involves messages that need to be recorded there are knee boards lap desks notepads clipboards you name it try several and use the one that serves you best the last item on our list of essentials for single pilot ifr is an approach chart holder that puts the chart right where it needs to be directly in front of you this way the chart becomes just another item in your scan during the approach i've got the invoice in front of me we're missing two cases the morning i can't i can't wait until the morning i've got to go out fatigue is significant in single pilot ifr many pilots start out on an ifr flight at the end of a normal working day or fly well into the night so they'll be there when they want to be the next morning and when the demands of instrument flight are added to the wear and tear of normal activities fatigue can rob a pilot of judgment and this is a highly individual thing but when it looks like a single pilot ifr trip may test your fatigue level then fall back and regroup postponing the flight may be a smart thing to do pilots who don't fly frequently often have trouble staying current even the minimum standards prescribed by the regulations may not be enough to keep you as sharp as you need to be for single pilot ifr total pilot time and time in type must also be factored into this consideration it comes down to an honest appraisal of your own condition and capabilities if there are doubts get some instruction or spend some time in a good simulator to bring your ifr proficiency up to an acceptable level of all the things you can do before a flight to cut down on problem areas making sure there's plenty of fuel on board is the easiest when it won't compromise weight or balance limitations fill the tanks you never know when you'll come across an atc delay or unexpected weather or headwinds stronger than forecast sweating out a low fuel state on an ifr flight will not only build stress in the cockpit it involves other people pilots and controllers alike it's important to conduct a thorough pre-flight inspection of the airplane before any flight but this is especially true for ifr get out the handbook and check everything the manufacturer recommends if you have any doubt about the inspection status of any unit or system check the log books the pilot in command that's you will be held responsible upon entering the aircraft and before starting the engines put your flight bag where you can get to it easily and lay out all the charts publications and equipment needed for the departure phase make a functional check of all the avionics equipment including the marker beacon lights and then set up for departure use all the avionics you have on board and always consider the possibility that an emergency after could require an immediate return to the airport or force you to proceed to a take-off alternate during taxi check the heading indicator the vacuum system and the flight instruments don't accept anything less than a perfect airplane this applies doubly when you are renting don't forget that other people fly the airplane and they sometimes forget to report defective equipment check everything flying in solid ifr is a bad place to find out what isn't working ready 776 ready to copy 776 cleared to allen townsville after departure turn left copying an atc clearance seems to have a certain mystique about it but it shouldn't the items always come in the same order clearance limit route altitude and so on don't let yourself be rushed and when don't try to copy a clearance while taxiing the departure to a heading of 180 radar vectors broadway direct maintain uh 2000 expect 4 000 in five minutes departure 119.2 four two zero four on the score seven seven six read back correct win zero nine zero at one three altimeter three zero two one are you ready for taxi uh that's affirmative ready to taxi taxi to runway four once you have accepted the clearance made all the required operational checks and completed the before takeoff checklist you are ready for the final go no-go decision now is the time to prepare yourself mentally for a possible emergency during or immediately after takeoff don't start down the runway until you are satisfied that everything is go and you are ready for departure once airborne concentrate on aircraft control it's best to climb straight ahead to at least 500 feet while you get used to flying on instruments even experienced instrument pilots find that they really have to bear down on the basics of aircraft control during those first moments in the clouds here's a question for you what are the two most important things in instrument flying the answer is the next two things that are going to happen that's known as staying ahead of the airplane and it will definitely reduce the number of surprises if you can reasonably anticipate the next event and the one after that you will always be two steps ahead this requires a lot of planning some and practice but it's a goal worthy of your effort here's a typical ifr departure to demonstrate just what we mean cessna 776 clear for take golf win 0-9-0 at 8 altimeter 3-0-2-0 contact new york departures when airborne roger cessna 65776 cleared for takeoff once cleared for takeoff this pilot has checked everything the next thing will be an engine check on the roll this pilot is prepared to land straight ahead if the engine quits new york departure cessna 65776 is with you climbing through 1200. the next step is contacting departure control this pilot is thinking ahead whether it's a climb or a turn he'll be ready direct broadway resume on navigation climb and maintain 4 000. okay 4000 direct broadway 776 and so it goes throughout the trip you can stay ahead of the airplane and avoid surprises by continuously updating the sequence every time a task is accomplished autopilots capable of flying approaches can be especially helpful in marginal weather conditions let the autopilot control the airplane while you monitor the approach but it's important to hand fly enough approaches to stay proficient alternating manual approaches with coupled approaches helps maintain your confidence in both kinds of operation and keep this in your mind when you're letting the autopilot fly they are mechanical devices and subject to failures and malfunctions don't ever engage in autopilot without knowing how to disconnect it right now every instrument flight becomes more relaxed when you are settled down in cruise the next two events are likely to be much farther apart and it's a time to plan even farther ahead you might need to recheck weather take another look at your fuel supply put away the charts you won't need for the rest of the trip a cockpit without clutter is usually the mark of an organized workload conscious pilot but just because things have slowed down a bit don't relax completely stay aware of your position and situation there are lots of ways to keep track of where you are in the airspace and knowing your precise position is invaluable if a problem shows up and you need to divert to the nearest airport in a hurry something's wrong here he feels like he's in a turn but the attitude indicator shows wings level turn needles way over to the right he's losing altitude this pilot is experiencing a vacuum pump failure and is going to partial panel to get this airplane back where it belongs if you're in actual weather when the pump fails you have an emergency so let the controller know new york center new york five to four uh like to declare an emergency it's gonna thank you failure uh requests the great effects for the airspeed of our airport cessna roger i understand you're declaring an emergency sullivan county airport 10 o'clock one five miles standby and checking the sullivan county weather their latest observation estimated ceiling 3 000 overcast visibility seven and uh you're clear to the sullivan county airport via turn left heading three one zero radar vectors to the ilist runway one five to maintain six thousand the failure of the vacuum pump on a single engine airplane is one of the most insidious problems the instrument pilot faces it doesn't happen often but when it does you've got to be ready disagreement of primary flight instruments may be your first clue although including the vacuum gauge in your instrument scan will probably alert you to the problem before the gyro instruments become unreliable regardless of when or how it happens the first thing to do is fly the airplane use your partial panel technique to stabilize heading and altitude then cover up the dead instruments with anything that's handy a business card a post-it a scrap of paper or a cover-up from your flight bag it's almost impossible to ignore the indications of the instruments you've depended on up until now so take them out of the picture this situation doesn't require a mayday but use the word emergency and request vectors to the nearest airport with good the response this pilot got was very favorable and you might have to settle for less in the real world but let the controller know and don't press your luck by trying to reach the original destination if there's a better choice nearby how do you know something else won't go wrong this is big time workload and major league stress a timely request and good training gives you the capability to reduce both in advance of leaving your cruise altitude you should begin preparing for the approach if your destination has an atis broadcast now's the time to listen and don't get too concerned about the entire atis message there are only two critical pieces of information at this point the weather conditions and the instrument approach in use remember that vhf reception increases remarkably with altitude you'll have that much more time to plan ahead for the approach partially obscured measures sailing 500 overcast visibility one latrius or fog if there's no atis available ask the controller which approach you should expect this is important information get it any way you can now's a good time to begin studying the approach chart get familiar with the nav aids involved the direction you'll be flying on final approach minimum altitudes the time from the final approach fixed to the missed approach point and the initial heading and altitude of the missed approach procedure think through the approach in terms of the next two events an approach procedure is the payoff for all of your experience in training and it's also very demanding it's been compared to flying into a funnel where the limits in all three dimensions keep getting smaller and where it's disqualifying if you touch the sides it's a situation in which pilot workload builds to its highest level but there are lots of ways to reduce that workload and most of them involve planning ahead for example it's the norm these days to be vectored onto the final approach course but be prepared to fly the full approach in case of radio or ground radar failure when you're handed off to approach control and issued a vector you don't need on-route charts any longer so put them away except for the ones you need to maintain positional awareness now's the time to set up the nav radios there's plenty of time to tune and identify and set the course selectors where you want them when you're established on the final approach course two events really come into play as you start into the funnel go to the simplest possible instrument scan and tick off the events as they occur ok the localizer is alive our pilot knows that he can now descend to 1500 feet level at 1 500 feet here comes the glide slope next event will be crossing the outer marker into the neck of the funnel now and here's where it all comes together you'll use all of your instrument skills on an approach to minimum you'll be able to land at the end of nearly all your instrument approaches but don't ever assume that an approach will always result in a landing begin every approach with your mind already made up ready to execute the missed approach procedure if the runway doesn't appear on time you'll probably be able to see the runway well before you get there but now and then you'll need to follow the procedure all the way to the missed either way breaking out should be no surprise and the pilot who has planned ahead will consider the landing as the next event in his sequence as visual cues begin to appear resist the temptation to make an immediate transition instead consider what you see outside as just another instrument to be included in your scan and gradually increase the amount of time spent looking outside some pilots choose to land out of an instrument approach with no flaps thereby eliminating a big pitch trim change others prefer to use full flaps and trim accordingly it's your choice but the important thing is to decide on a landing configuration and stay with it for all of your instrument work doing it the same way every time is a great way to reduce your workload at a critical time and standardization means that you'll always know what to expect the landing procedure has to be changed a bit on a circling approach because you'll probably have to level off for a short while as you maneuver the airplane onto the final approach once again practice is the key learn the power setting required to maintain level flight in the approach configuration while you circle then reduce power or use the wing flaps as necessary to complete the landing remember the rules require that you remain at mda until it's necessary to descend for a landing maneuvering at mda is always hazardous and the circling approach presents a unique problem for single pilot ifr operations you must keep the runway in sight as you circle and with no one to help that's a pretty tough job in a low visibility situation that requires almost constant reference to the flight instruments regardless of the circumstances whenever you sense a conflict between maintaining visual contact and aircraft control go around don't hesitate don't fight it go on the gauges roll the wings level and climb you can always come back for another try the circling approach in low visibility is an ideal environment for visual illusions and total spatial disorientation and it's even worse at night you might consider raising your personal visibility minimums for circling approaches by the way have you picked up the runway piper five niner niner new york approach turn right heading two two zero radar vectors to the localizer ils runway two three approach morristown okay right turn heading two two zero in septum localizer morristown five nine and under here comes the localizer looks like the controller is going to fly the pilot right through it piper five niner niner uh looks like we took you through the localizer there turn left heading one nine or zero radar vectors back to the localizer okay i think i can make that left to one nine zero four five ninety nine that's going to be some steep turn this pilot is going to have to roll into a steep bank turn back to the right too much come back to the left here comes the glide slope turn right too much below the glide slope pull up pull up okay let's hold it right there events like this can be avoided by situational awareness in the example the movement of the localizer needle but no clearance for the approach was a clue that the controller was not on top of the situation a query a gentle reminder at this point may have made a big difference after the oversight was noticed the controller requested a large heading and the pilot suckered himself into a steep turn almost always a bad deal on instruments especially on approach and especially when there's only one instrument pilot on board things got progressively worse and if we hadn't stopped the world at that point there probably would have been an accident here's how it might have gone piper five niner niner looks like we okay 599 i think you got us in a little bit close could you give us another re-intercept piper five niner niner uh sorry about that turn right heading three zero zero climb and maintain two thousand as we radar vectors to sequence you for another approach okay right turn heading 360. when you recognize an extremely high workload situation shaping up one that might put you in over your head avoid it but if you find yourself in the middle of one do whatever you think is necessary to get out and above all else remember aviation's rule number one fly the airplane single pilot ifr operations account for a significant part of general aviation's activity it's just another way that pilots can make their aircraft more useful and efficient but nothing is free and as we've pointed out in this program there are some problems to be overcome at the top of the list is workload doing everything that has to be done and doing it in a timely manner the single pilot on instruments is sometimes faced with a monstrous workload but by planning ahead even the least experienced ifr pilot can cope of course planning ahead includes recognizing a situation with the potential of getting out of hand and exercising a well-planned alternate course of action single pilot ifr has been a safe way to fly for a long time and it can continue to provide a lot of satisfaction and utility for general aviation pilots who are willing to pay the price of admission training self-discipline and planning you

  Top Comments:
  1. @FlyDriveShoot_It [5 likes]: I received my IFR rating in 1992. I still have the VHS Tapes with this and many other aviation videos. Technology has come a long way. With Garmin Pilot, Foreflight, more accurate weather forecast, in cockpit radar (though delayed by minutes), and better autopilots there is more information and capabilities to enhance IFR and VFR flying experience.  But don't let the new technologies lull you into not making sound go/no go decisions. Those decisions are still the same.
  2. @fernandopratesi5378 [3 likes]: Excellent content. EXCELLENT! Anyone else notice how slim that FAR/AIM was that he held up?? 😅 it sure has gotten big - things have only gotten more complex since this filming, all the more reason to stay on top of your training knowledge.
  3. @Opticsrespecter [2 likes]: "Good planning and preparation can make the difference between a pleasant flight experience and a nightmare of stress and confusion." Well put sir.
  4. @love2fly558 [1 likes]: Still have that Jeppesen brown binder collecting dust; amazing the numbers of binders you can now fit in your tablet.
  5. @FISHH00KS [1 likes]: I've got a headset with a boom mic - I'm all set!
  6. @robbflynn4325 [1 likes]: Really interesting video.  I think to obtain a PPL, pilots should be proficient in IFR as it seems to me a lot of accidents occur as a result of VFR pilots suddenly finding themselves in poor conditions.  I realize this would increase the number of hours required in order to obtain the right to fly but it would save a lot of lives.
  7. @timdykes6675: The good old days, lol remember when the instructor ask you what you were gonna do if you dropped your pencil? 
I remember when my instructor canceled our first cross country because I didn’t have a wrist watch. He said how are you gonna know where we’re at if you don’t have a watch. So we stayed in the practice area that day.
  8. @davenguyen1968: A blast from the past, just golden
  9. @flygirl6048: I'm a relatively young pilot at 26. Ive been an instructor for going on 3 years and have been a copilot in a jet simulator. Never have I been more thankful for the "basic" avionics setup of our 172Ms. 2 radios with standbys and headphone jacks, Garmin GTN 650 GPS units, and FOREFLIGHT! Wow. We truly live in an incredible age.
  10. @christopherpeters5916: A low time ifr pilot has many experiences to become a seasoned ifr pilot. But there's no room for complacency or ego over
  11. @coreyandnathanielchartier3749: All the new technology is great, but every bit of it continues to take the pilot's eyes away from the primary instruments. BTW, if you need on board weather radar, you're probably flying too close to 'weather'. You're not flying an airliner. Maybe it's better to be on one....
  12. @hhout9242: I remember when FBOs got ASI weather. That 20 minute pixilated radar was the best thing ever.
  13. @DD35541: Weird seeing the ILS 23 into KMMU in 1992. I'm based there!
  14. @BartKus: 17:30   /////ALPINE
  15. @sdaniels7114: There was a difference between using the word "Mayday" and using the word "Emergency" back in the 80's? I've always thought of them as 'death is on the line' words with no meaningful distinction between them; but I started flying a bit into the 90's.
  16. @DihemisSantos: Nicely done
  17. @tobberfutooagain2628: Single Pilot IFR - most demanding flying. Thats why we make 2X airline pilot salaries....... NOT.
  18. @BonanzaPilot: Did people actually call up flight service like that? The dude is talking to the person on the other end like they are a bot
  19. @emylrmm: AOPA Air Safety Foundation did a nice job on this instructional video
  20. @brotherlove6216: That suit just does not fit well. It looks like the sleeves hang down to his knees.

- NBAA-BACE Offers Guidance on Safety, Security and Privacy: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Carrie Ferenac with NBAA TV. Aircraft safety,&nbsp;both on and off the ground, it's a big topic of conversation here at NBAA-BACE. Safety and&nbsp;security: Two words that are top of mind for NBAA. Both are also a focus of the Meet The Regulators&nbsp;session. FAA leaders right here at NBAA-BACE, discussing the latest policies in business&nbsp;aviation safety. Let's talk about what you did. Let's talk about how we can fix it, Let's talk&nbsp;about what your plan is, to ensure your operation is not going to have this as a systemic issue. National Transportation Safety Board leaders, leaning on past experience to share the lessons learned in aircraft safety. It's a balancing act to determine what's the improvement on&nbsp;the system side and what's the improvement on a human performance side and sometimes it's a&nbsp;combination of those. Retired NASA astronaut, Charlie Precourt, used his past experience to help guide policies and procedures for pilots. The consequences of not having a safe&nbsp;operation, they're pretty obvious, if we lose people, we lose airplanes. But moreover, we repeat&nbsp; the same mistakes needlessly and so having this ability at this conference to bring multiple&nbsp; organizations together from a broader array of operators just in invaluable. It's not just&nbsp;aircraft safety and discussion here at NBAA-BACE, there's also a focus on privacy and the tools&nbsp;used to limit aircraft tracking. To address that critical security, the nefarious actor, the other&nbsp;people with bad intention, we should look at how that transponder code is changed. Also a huge&nbsp;safety award being handed out here in Orlando. Exxon-Mobil receiving NBAA's first ever 90-year&nbsp;Safety Award. For NBAA TV I'm Carrie Ferenac.

- ASI Safety Tip: The Rudder - It Gets No Respect!: Kind: captions Language: en ah the rudder it's one of an airplanes main flight controls and one of its most underused some pilots tend to use it only when turning the airplane and then they take the rudder tuck it back into their pocket and forget about it so why do we neglect these important controls down at our feet well we'll give you a hint it all comes down to recognizing y'all believe it or not and cruise flight many pilots have difficulty keeping a straight track across the ground as I said earlier it all has to do with this and what is y'all well it's the movement about the vertical axis of the loop wait is this guy really gonna talk about y'all I'm an experienced pilot darn it we learned this on day one of flight training alright just bear with me for a second y'all is a very simple concept and every pilot knows how to create y'all by pushing the rudder pedals left or right but what happens when the airplane y'alls and you didn't create it at least not deliberately do you recognize it when it happens for example a pilot is flying through a little turbulence and gusty winds now these conditions can both cause you all through weather veining let's say the airplane snows y'all's left well this will end up creating a roll to the left the reason is because while the yawl is occurring the left wing will retreat compared to the right wing the airspeed change between the two wings causes a difference in lift and the airplane will then roll in the direction that a yacht even though the pilot never touched the ailerons so what happens next is this the pilot doesn't identify the yawl because they are looking for it they tend to put the priority on roll if an aircraft y'alls and then rolls many pilots will first recognize the roll and correct to the bank with aileron they often fail to see the awl and they're either late to make rudder input or they don't make it at all and this ends up an uncoordinated flight or deviation from the desired flight path do this often enough and you're looking at a lot of lost efficiency and a flight tract that's somewhat less than straight the remedy of course is to use the rudder to correct y'all before the roll can happen in essence staying active with small prompt rudder inputs but what if you have trouble recognizing you all for newer pilots especially knowing what uncoordinated flight feels like is not always an intuitive thing developing a feel for the forces acting on the airplane and on you as the pilot can take time you can feel these forces through pressures into or out of the seat or a shifting force from side to side as the airplane slips or skids this may well be where the phrase flying by the seat of your pants comes from basically if the airplane is Yod even slightly you should get the sense that something just doesn't quite feel right you will probably feel like you're being pushed sideways toward the outside or inside of an uncoordinated turn and you might realize you're leaning slightly to compensate if you need some practice consider going up with the CFI and have them occasionally put in some slight yawl without telling you see if you notice you can also practice a maneuver that will sharpen your rudder skills using only the ailerons and no rudder roll the wings left and right in a back-and-forth rhythm and try holding the nose on a fixed point it's not possible you'll see the nose constantly swinging in the opposite direction of the bank which is adverse y'all not to mention it'll just feel kind of weird now if you try it again but you bring your feet into the manoeuvre this time you'll find that precise rudder control will hold that fixed point the movement of the airplane will feel more natural - all of this might not sound like a big deal but there are safety implications here coordinated flight is important and keep it control of the airplane if you're uncoordinated and conditions are right you could find yourself in a configuration that makes a stall rapidly develop into a spin and this could be really dangerous especially when flying at low altitudes like the traffic pattern or during slow flight or stall training in a typical stall and spin accident misuse of the rudder is often partly to blame so whether you're not recognizing y'all or simply just need a little bit of rudder practice follow these tips and give the rudder the respect it deserves [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @tejasbhagat4444 [4 likes]: Rudder gets full respect under the sea in a ship
  2. @henrychinaski846 [1 likes]: I'm learning to fly on a tail dragger Scheibe Falke SF 25 C touring motor glider. Had 150 landings and 2 solo flights so far...
Can't imagine flying this plane NOT using the rudder constantly. 
It also has a central wheel and auxiliary wheels below the wings.
In my flying club they say: If you can fly this, then you can fly all other GA aircraft.
Will ask my CFI about the differences with rudder usage in other planes..
Very well done video! Entertaining and very informative. Very well presented!
  3. @thehumblepilot22: I use it all the time in a crosswind. Who hasn’t done a crosswind.
  4. @stepanv6106: Wow
  5. @bethm3152: I miss skydiving
  6. @Andromedon777: DPE Matt Blythe said it like this: Your rudder is one of the most used flight controls on your aircraft. USE your feet! It will improve your flying ability from a 2 to a 10.
  7. @dylanmaessen3011: (Create) YAW - pushing Rudder Pedals left or right. 

Cut out from this vid (for my own reference at least :p):
https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkxat67DzVE9sDvWF6kPUhXxe60So6V2sXR?si=KS0YNl-b8gyfYfxs
  8. @DanK-ZDP189: Yes. Your passenger stomping on the right rudder pedal and locking her knee actually feels like roll.
  9. @can994b: I was just adding +10s when you started explaining yaw 😂
  10. @TheCaffeinatedOrganist: Love the rudder. lol 
I also am obsessed with yaw. 
Good work
  11. @TheCaffeinatedOrganist: Love the rudder. Lol
  12. @markpaul-ym5wg: You and my nephew could be identical twins.You are about the same age to.
  13. @shaxbozabulov-sn7dh: ++++👍
  14. @uselesshero: Very well made video, entertaining and very informative. I'll be coming back for more for sure.
  15. @paul-tz7ld: Rudder is the only way to quickly recover from an asymetric stall.
  16. @OmarPASHA-kg8op: I learned a lot!
  17. @rogeurroger7119: Are you a rudder too?
  18. @MegaZboo: What is the rudder doing? Can’t find video on how rudder reacts when right foot vs left foot.
  19. @kokotajebka: this is good for get out of the spinning
  20. @pavgeek: poor rudders can’t catch a break.

- Top 3 Private Jets That Will Make You Feel Like a CEO!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the world of private aviation, where&nbsp; short-range travel is all about efficiency,&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury, and getting to your destination&nbsp; in style. Today, we're diving into the top&nbsp;&nbsp; three light jets that are perfect for business&nbsp; professionals and small groups seeking the best&nbsp;&nbsp; in performance and cost-effectiveness. Kicking off our list in third place is the&nbsp;&nbsp; Embraer Phenom 100, a standout in the very light&nbsp; jet category. This little powerhouse is designed&nbsp;&nbsp; for missions up to 1,200 nautical miles, offering&nbsp; the perfect balance of comfort and efficiency. &nbsp; With seating for 4 passengers, the Phenom 100&nbsp; provides a surprisingly spacious cabin for its&nbsp;&nbsp; class. Powered by Pratt & Whitney Canada PW617F-E&nbsp; engines, it offers great fuel efficiency while&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping operational costs low. A standout&nbsp; feature? The best-in-class baggage space,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning extra luggage is never an issue.&nbsp; Whether you're on a quick business hop or&nbsp;&nbsp; a weekend getaway, the Phenom 100 blends&nbsp; style and practicality seamlessly. Next up in second place is the Cessna&nbsp; Citation M2, a sleek and advanced jet&nbsp;&nbsp; that combines high performance with&nbsp; style. This jet is designed for short&nbsp;&nbsp; to medium-range trips, with seating for up to 6&nbsp; passengers—perfect for slightly larger groups. The Citation M2 boasts a range of 1,550 nautical&nbsp; miles, making it incredibly versatile. With the&nbsp;&nbsp; cutting-edge Garmin G3000 avionics system,&nbsp; pilots and passengers enjoy a smooth,&nbsp;&nbsp; state-of-the-art flying experience. Plus, its&nbsp; fast cruising speed and cost-effectiveness&nbsp;&nbsp; make it a smart choice for brokers handling&nbsp; multiple missions. It’s no wonder the M2 is a&nbsp;&nbsp; favorite in the business aviation world! Taking the top spot is the HondaJet Elite II,&nbsp;&nbsp; a jet that’s truly redefined what’s&nbsp; possible in the light jet category.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s an innovation-packed marvel designed for&nbsp; short-range flights with unmatched efficiency. With seating for 4-5 passengers, the cabin is a&nbsp; picture of comfort. It cruises at a remarkable 422&nbsp;&nbsp; knots, covering up to 1,547 nautical miles, all&nbsp; while maintaining excellent fuel efficiency. The&nbsp;&nbsp; over-wing engine mount isn’t just for looks—it&nbsp; enhances aerodynamics and reduces cabin noise,&nbsp;&nbsp; creating a quieter, more enjoyable flying&nbsp; experience. The HondaJet Elite II is a&nbsp;&nbsp; game-changer, combining efficiency,&nbsp; design, and innovative features to&nbsp;&nbsp; deliver the best in its class. Why These Jets Lead the Pack Each of these jets brings something unique to&nbsp; the table. Whether it’s the compact luxury of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Phenom 100, the versatility of the Citation M2,&nbsp; or the innovative design of the HondaJet Elite II,&nbsp;&nbsp; they cater perfectly to the needs of modern&nbsp; business aviation: cost-efficiency, flexibility,&nbsp;&nbsp; and passenger comfort. What’s Your Pick? Do any of these jets stand out to you? If&nbsp; you’re a broker or operator, we’d love to know&nbsp;&nbsp; which one you’d choose for your fleet—and why! If you're looking to book an Embraer Phenom 100,&nbsp;&nbsp; Cessna Citation M2, or HondaJet, head over to the&nbsp; Aviapages Charter Aircraft Directory. Simply type&nbsp;&nbsp; the aircraft type into the search bar, filter by&nbsp; operator origin, and select the aircraft that fits&nbsp;&nbsp; your needs. Once you've found the perfect match,&nbsp; visit its dedicated page and request a quote&nbsp;&nbsp; directly for that aircraft. It's that easy! These light jets prove that short-range travel&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn’t have to sacrifice luxury or performance.&nbsp; Whether you’re an operator aiming to meet client&nbsp;&nbsp; demands or a broker planning versatile routes,&nbsp; these jets offer the winning combination of&nbsp;&nbsp; efficiency, comfort, and style. Stay connected—don't forget to like,&nbsp;&nbsp; share, and subscribe for more insights into&nbsp; the exciting world of private aviation!

  Top Comments:
  1. @tdsmith [1 likes]: Well done!
  2. @Abang-p6g: All equipped with lavatory?
  3. @mateuszgilewicz7068: how many parachutes???
  4. @mateuszgilewicz7068: strap weight as much possible for higher performance like in wrc car

- Single Dad Was Just a Passenger - Until F 16 Pilots Saw His Face and Panicked, "It's Him!": Kind: captions Language: en The cabin lights hummed softly as the commercial jet cruised through clear blue daylight skis, and no one noticed the quiet man in seat 18A, except for the small boy asleep against his shoulder. To everyone else, he was just another tired single dad flying economy, worn jacket, gentle eyes fixed on the clouds. But thousands of feet away inside two roaring F-16s escorting the plane for a routine airspace check. Seasoned pilots froze the moment his face appeared on their monitor. Blood drained from their faces as a single thought hit them at once. It's him. Before the story pulls you deeper, take a second and support the channel. If you believe in kindness, second chances, and stories that remind us humanity still matters. Please like, comment, share, and subscribe to Life Spark Stories. Your support keeps these stories alive. Evan Calder hadn't planned on flying that day. Life rarely went according to plans anymore. Since his wife passed away 2 years earlier, every decision revolved around his 7-year-old son, Noah. Evan worked odd jobs, fixed engines when he could, and lived quietly, avoiding attention the way someone avoids old scars. This flight was simply a necessary trip to attend a final interview for a modest maintenance position in another state. A chance he hoped to finally give Noah stability. The boy slept peacefully, unaware that his father's calm exterior hid a lifetime of weight. What Evan didn't know was that his face was still etched into classified briefings, emergency simulations, and military training archives. years ago under a different life. He had been someone else entirely. A name whispered with respect and fear in aviation circles. A man who once saved hundreds during a catastrophic midair crisis, then vanished before medals could be pinned to his chest. Evan never chased recognition. After the accident that took his wife, he stepped away from everything that reminded him of the sky. He chose anonymity because survival felt heavier than heroism. Up in the F-16 cockpits, daylight glinted off glass canopies as the pilots confirmed the passenger manifest and the facial match. Their hearts raced not with fear of danger, but with disbelief. The man sitting quietly with a sleeping child was alleged thought lost. Protocol demanded alertness, but emotion took over. This was not a threat. This was a ghost who had once pulled them out of impossible situations through skill and sacrifice. Down in the cabin, Evan sensed nothing unusual. He adjusted Noah's blanket and stared out at the endless blue, memories flooding back despite his efforts to bury them. The sky had once been his home. Now it was just a reminder of everything he had lost and everything he still had to protect. The plane hit mild turbulence and Evan instinctively scanned the cabin. his body reacting before his mind. Old habits never truly die. The captain received a discreet message from air traffic control confirming the escort and the identity match. No alarms, no panic, just a quiet request to ensure the passenger remained undisturbed. The plane continued smoothly under the bright afternoon sun, but something intangible shifted. The crew moved with a different kind of respect, a silent acknowledgement of the man among them. As the flight progressed, Evan thought about Noah's future, about school lunches, bedtime stories, and promises he still hoped to keep. He didn't know that high above, two pilots who had trained on stories of his bravery adjusted their formation slightly, almost protectively, ensuring the aircraft's safety with renewed focus. Not because they had to, but because they wanted to. When the plane landed safely in daylight, applause rippled through the cabin, unaware of the unseen guardians in the sky or the history seated among them. Evan woke Noah gently, smiling as the boy stretched and laughed. To Noah, his father was simply dad. That was enough. As Evan stepped into the terminal, a quiet sense of closure settled over him. He didn't need medals. He didn't need recognition. He had already paid the price of his past and chosen love over legacy. Somewhere above the F-16s peeled away their mission complete, their respect renewed. If this story reached you, if it stirred something deep inside, please take a moment near the end of this video to like, comment, and share. Your engagement helps stories like this touch more hearts. And before you go, special request. Comment below what you believe is the greatest unseen sacrifice someone can make.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GOPALSHIVAM-w6y: EMOTIONAL/GERMANY
  2. @SharpsShtr: F-16s using facial recognition on airliner passengers?  Fighters trailing the airliner for its' safety?  Pure hogwash.  You've got to be able to spin a better story than this.