- Scud Running Pilot Gets Himself, Physician, and Nurse Killed | The Story of Medflight N135UW (39): Kind: captions Language: en you have a premier air ambulance service flying a big twin-engine helicopter staffed with a competent pilot a flight physician and a flight nurse the safety in organizational culture are about as good as it can possibly get yet somehow we are left again with another fatal hems accident and even worse nobody not the operator or the manufacturer or the engine manufacturer nor the NTSB seem to agree on the cause blame seems to be cast in all directions but just like with all incidents the truth while difficult to admit sometimes is usually found somewhere in the middle the story of UW house Med flight coming up on this episode of the Dr medic [Applause] [Music] using taxiway Bravo Delta 5 uniform whiskey the operator at the time of this accident was air methods who we have talked about several times on this channel air methods is one of the largest air ambulance providers in the world with hundreds of bases in the United States and over 5 000 employees this particular service was a hospital-based service where the aircraft operations were all run by air methods who supplied the pilots the aircraft the mechanics and the dispatchers the medical crew on the other hand were all employed by the University of Wisconsin's hospital system otherwise simply known as UW Health now UW Health has a long history of serving the communities of Central Wisconsin being established nearly 35 years ago they place a high emphasis on raising the bar Staffing their helicopters with a flight physician and a critical care flight nurse or even sometimes a respiratory therapist or other specialist the flight nurses were mostly all full-time with the flight Physicians all being part-time and rotating between the UW Health Emergency departments or their own private practices they also spared no expense when it comes to their helicopters they originally flew this ridiculously cool aerospatial sa360 Dauphine then moving to the Augusto 109e powers and then at the time of the accident investing heavily into brand new Eurocopter ec-135s and now today they almost exclusively fly the most up-to-date versions of the Airbus ec-145s they also were one of the very few programs across the United States that operate IFR flights and now they do instrument approaches to nearly 20 different hospitals across Wisconsin their Aviation side of things was originally run through Imperial who then merged into CJ systems helicopters back in 1993 and for the next 15 years Med flight operated without any major incidents and then CJ systems was purchased by air methods over the span of a few months with the final sale being completed in March of 2008 just two months prior to this accident the aircraft in this accident was this 2007 Eurocopter ec-135 T2 plus which was powered by two turbo Mecca Aries 2b2 turboshaft engines each making 642 horsepower the aircraft was almost brand new with just 456 total hours on the airframe and the engines there was a routine airworthiness check done the day of the accident with no anomalies and a 400 hour inspection was completed just a few months earlier also without any issues this 135 had an awesome glass cockpit with a radar altimeter but did not have a Terrain awareness warning system which it was not required to have at the time otherwise known as toss or h-tos now just a quick recap from a previous video radar altimeters are amazing tools and work by shooting radio waves down towards the ground directly beneath an aircraft and then receiving the signal back which then they can calculate how far above the ground the aircraft is and it spits out a little number on their gauge toss or H taws contain a very detailed database of all known obstacles coordinates the aircraft's position by GPS and then is able to alert the pilot to obstacles and Terrain in front of the flying aircraft as opposed to just what is below the aircraft and provides both an audio and a Visual Alert if and when an obstacle is encountered in the direct pathway of the aircraft in other words H toss keeps aircraft especially low-flying aircraft-like medical helicopters from flying directly into buildings towers and terrain like mountains and Hills the helicopter also was not equipped with a cockpit voice recorder nor a flight data recorder and did not have night vision goggle compatible lighting inside because they were not an nvg program at the time and neither were most programs across the country as nvgs were still kind of in their infancy in terms of medical helicopters in the United States now sitting on the left side of the aircraft in the back was 37 year old flight physician Dr Darren Bean who had worked as a physician for UW Health for six years starting in 2002 and was also the medical director for the Madison fire department on the right side of the aircraft was 53 year old flight nurse Mark Coyne who had been flying for Med flight for 22 years and worked for UW Health for a total of 27 years Mark was also a licensed EMT and worked part-time for over 20 years teaching EMT classes at the local community college now sitting up front on the right side was 39 year old pilot Steve liver Steve held a commercial pilot certificate with single and multi-engine land airplane helicopter instrument airplane and instrument helicopter ratings Steve actually got started as a mechanic and also held a mechanic certificate with airframe and power plant ratings now it seems a bit strange here but the NTSB was unable to locate Steve's pilot logbook can instead had to rely on air method's documentation for his flight hours but air method's documentation does differ a bit from other documentation that the NTS report had so there is a little bit of a discrepancy in the report related to Steve's overall hours air method stated that Steve had a total of four thousand and three hours with 2741 of those in rotor wing and 121 hours on type in the ec-135 he had a total of 216 instrument hours with air methods first saying that Steve had received 2.7 hours of instrument time in the previous 12 months but they later revised their claim and documented it Steve actually had less than three hours of instrument time over the preceding three and a half years with just .4 hours on instruments in the last 12 months all of which was during a single 0.4 hour flight on May 17 2007. now like I said Steve got started as a mechanic for CJ systems back in 2001 where he worked his way up and became a pilot for Med flight in 2005. now this next part is about his training and is quite important to the story you see during the few months of transition time from CJ systems to air methods all pilot training was completed under air methods certificate now Steve did complete his initial indoctrination into the air methods World in January of 2008 and then completed more specific training unique to the ec-135 over the next few months with almost four hours of Flight Training in the 135 in the middle of March and passed his part 135 proficiency checks around the same time but even though Steve was previously IFR rated he did not receive an IFR proficiency check and therefore was not allowed to fly IFR flights even though this was an established IFR program with IFR capable aircraft air methods would later go on to say that this was due to unsuitable weather conditions and that the IFR checks needed to be rescheduled for a later date this will most definitely come back up later in this story it is also important to note that even though the lacrosse area has some very unique geography and terrain pilot Steve had only flown in this area on two occasions the first one being on March 7th of 2008 and the second one being during this accident flight because the weather issue for this flight is so contentious later on in a story I'm just going to sum up the weather this way there was a front coming across the state of Iowa and IFR conditions prevailed all across southern Minnesota and Northern Iowa and all of the areas surrounding this front and the IFR areas were dotted with marginal VFR and VFR conditions and the intended route of this flight the accident site and the destination were all located within the area of marginal VFR conditions in other words the weather was changing rapidly and can turn from VFR to IFR just about anywhere along the intended route more on the weather later on in the story now this accident took place on May 10 2008 just outside of La Crosse Wisconsin in the United States a short side note is that the year 2008 was an absolute nightmare for everyone involved in helicopter EMS in the United States as there were 12 EMS helicopter accidents eight of them fatal resulting in a staggering total of 29 fatalities in just that year alone these accidents and events ultimately did end up triggering some serious safety recommendations from the NTSB to the FAA many of which were actually followed so while 2008 was a terrible year it did lead to many of the safety requirements that we have today such as h-taws night vision goggles and the hems weather tool but some of those recommendations that were made have simply fallen on deaf ears and have still never come to fruition such as dual pilot configurations and the use of autopilot I'm very curious what you guys think especially the folks that are flying out there let me know in the comments below which safety recommendations you think are still lacking in the hems Community anyway Steve Mark and Darren received a flight request and lifted off from their home base at 20 38 hours from UW Health Hospital in Downtown Madison Wisconsin and head towards Perry du Chien Memorial Hospital in Prairie du Chien Wisconsin to pick up a patient arriving at 21 13 hours they quickly get their patient in lift off at 2131 and head to Gunderson Lutheran Hospital in La Crosse arriving about 2154. they dropped their patient off pretty quickly and lift off again at 2209 and head towards La Crosse Regional Airport located on French Island right in the middle of the Mississippi River in La Crosse Wisconsin they refuel and take off again at 22 34 hours headed back to where they started just about two hours ago now air methods was utilizing GPS tracking that would update the position of the aircraft every three minutes but for some reason after they lifted off at 2234 there was no further GPS updates and it is unknown exactly what path speed altitude the helicopter followed after that moment but the guy who fueled the helicopter stated that the helicopter lifted and proceeded east Southeast and added that the visibility was fair with a low ceiling and moderate rain another witness who was located 4.2 miles east Southeast of the La Crosse airport reported hearing a helicopter fly over at about 2230 while he was in a restaurant parking lot getting into his car he specifically noted that it sounded like a med-link medical helicopter which is a neighboring flight service and reported that it seemed to be traveling at a high rate of speed and was flying low he specifically recalled to the investigators thinking that it was not going to clear the Bluffs a second witness contacted the La Crosse County Sheriff's Office all on their own just a few minutes later at 2240 and stated that he heard a helicopter flying overhead when the sound of the engine disappeared followed by a loud crashing sound it was at this time that local authorities initiated a search but it was not until 2304 24 four minutes later the air methods notified local authorities that the helicopter was indeed missing but no one knew where to search or where the helicopter was because the GPS tracking had stopped for some reason now the fire department report for this search and rescue mission is absolutely nuts and I applaud the hard work and Ingenuity that all of these responders put in during the early morning hours of May 11 2008. the search area was extremely remote and was located amongst what the local communities call The Bluffs surrounding lacrosse these Bluffs were originally created from the Mississippi River as it cut through the Mississippi River Valley and carved out the land eventually leaving many steep Cliff ridges there are many Bluffs that surround lacrosse most of which are about five or six hundred feet above the ground and about 1 000 to 1200 feet above sea level The Searchers attempted to draw a line that followed east Southeast from La Crosse airport and cross-referenced that pathway with what the witnesses heard and saw they also attempted to locate the aircraft by tracking the GPS data from the cell phones of the med flight crew member but this was way back in 2008 like a million years ago right when cell phone GPS was in its absolute infancy in the GPS location was not really easy to obtain like it is today dispatchers would repeatedly call all three of the cell phones without an answer and then leave voicemails but the only way for a GPS location to be provided at the time from the cell provider which was U.S cellular was if there was an outbound call from one of the cell phones or every two to four hours and so it wasn't until o200 that morning that U.S cellular finally advised that they did get a location on the north side of one of their towers but Searchers were still unsuccessful then another two hours goes by and they did get a more precise location which did help Rescuers and the helicopter was finally found at 08 26 hours that morning sadly all three of the crew members died in this accident foreign ERS could easily tell that the helicopter impacted the very top of the trees on the top of the ridge line of this Bluff the right Landing skid impacted the trees all the way at the top of the bluff and was ripped off the main wreckage then came to rest on a descending Hillside downhill from the ridge line with the main wreckage coming to rest about 600 feet further down from the initial impact in other words the helicopter was flying along in its right Landing skid impacted the tops of the trees at the very top of the Ridgeline ripped it off causing the helicopter to crash 600 feet further down the same pathway while analyzing the wreckage investigators also found that the instrument panel that has all of the gauges and switches had been completely dislodged from its normal position in the cockpit upon closer inspection they took a deeper look at these switches that you see here which control the number one and number two engines otherwise known as the left and right engines these engine control switches have three positions and a switch lock the bottom position is off the middle position is idle and the top position is flight in really basic terms the pilot would lift the switch to idle during engine start and then once the engines are within the specified parameters he would then move the switch to flight and flip the switch lock over but on early model ec-135s this switch lock only locked out the ability to move the switch to the off position not to the idle position when investigators first analyze this instrument panel while still at the accident site they found that the engine number one switch was in the idle position and not in the flight position where it was supposed to be so seems pretty clear that this might be the culprit right well not so fast you see the ec135 is a twin engine aircraft with a FedEx control system which is basically a very Advanced computer system that manages the power and Fuel and efficiency of the turboshaft engines so these engines and their respective computer control units were sent off to be analog advised by the engine manufacturer turbo Mecca these investigators can tell very easily by just visual inspection that both of these engines had internal damage that was consistent with the blade still turning at the time of impact now turbine engines have a limit to how fast they can spin before they eventually grenade blow up the FedEx system basically controls how fast the engine should spin based upon how much torque the engines are spinning against which in most turboshaft helicopters comes by way of the driveshafts that come out of the engines and go to the transmission if the resistance or Torque that the engine has to create power against suddenly disappears then the engine will start to overspeed and spin way too fast which like I said will eventually lead to that engine being damaged and blowing up so in a twin engine helicopter the FedEx system will shut down that engine if the speed reaches a threshold of 114 percent knowing that the other engine is there to provide Power but what if the other engine also loses torque well the FedEx system will certainly not shut down both of the engines so the other engine is actually free to over speed itself a little bit but then has a mechanical Safeguard which on these turbo Mecha engines means that once the engine gets to a 147 percent the actual power turbine blades themselves will literally shed away from the engine in order to protect against the entire engine blowing up in some type of catastrophic failure so when they looked at the actual computer memory and data from this crash they found that even though this switch on the instrument panel showed that engine number one was at idle it was actually in the flight position for both engines at the actual time of impact how do we know this because the memory and data show that both engines simultaneously experienced an overspeed event with a number two engine experiencing the event just a millisecond before engine number one at the exact same moment both engines showed that they had very low low torque values which means that the transmission had become disconnected from the engine simultaneously when the aircraft impacted the ground once the helicopter impacted the ground the transmission was slammed forward and disconnected from both engine driveshafts lowering their torque values causing them to over speed and since engine number two experienced the over speed to 114 percent first it was immediately shut down which caused engine number one to over speed to 147 percent causing it to shed its power turbine blades and also shut down which is exactly how both engines were designed to perform now you go back 45 seconds and watch and listen to that one again but wait then how did this switch on the instrument panel end up in the idle position well unknown at the time of the accident at least to the NTSB and air methods was Eurocopter had been experiencing problems with the function of this switch you see this switch is a three position switch where you actually have to pull on the switch out from the instrument panel in order to release a small triangular protrusion from the bottom of the switching lever that fits into a little Groove you pull the switch out move it to the desired position and then let it go and the little protrusion will sort of Lock and hold the switch lever in place but the problem is this little triangular protrusion and the groove that it fits into tend to get worn out by not being properly operated and not pulling out the lever all the way when a pilot moves this switch up or down without pulling the lever out all the way the groove gets worn down and as Eurocopter says under these circumstances a secure and exact positioning of the switch lever cannot be insured so Eurocopter issued a service bullet in two years after this crash that provides two fixes for this problem one it replaces the switch with a sturdier design that won't get worn down as easily and two the little red switch lock which normally would have locked out just the off position is now double in size and locks out both the off and idle positions now air methods as is their right also did their very own investigation which was quite interesting and has some very controversial points now one of the engine ecu's was severely damaged in this accident and was found to have a single bent pin in one of the connectors this pin just happened to also be the same pin that controls the overspeed 30 second indication lamp in the cockpit which would illuminate if one of the engines was shut down but there is obviously some discrepancy with this pin because turbo Mecca first stated that this pin controls the training mode lamp on the instrument panel yet the air methods report says that this was a mistake and turbo Mecca then retracted that statement and acknowledged that it was actually for the oei overspeed indicator but I don't think that it really matters because it seems very apparent that the pin was most likely damaged when it was a originally installed the ECU was only installed Once on This aircraft and that was nearly 516 hours ago when it was brand new the trauma from this accident wouldn't have caused a single pin to be bent like this especially since there was no trauma or damage to the outside of the connector and since this pin was probably bent the entire time this aircraft had been in service turbo Mecca concluded that the pin quote presented no flight or performance issues for the duration of time accumulated now remember the three Witnesses we talked about air methods seem to make every attempt in their investigation to completely discount those three witness accounts including the fuel man and both of the people who heard the helicopter just before it crashed they literally put the words witness into quotation marks which seems to insinuate that they are somehow unreliable or not really a witness just because the witness gave an account does not mean that the investigators took their account as the gospel as with any investigation these Witnesses had some pieces of evidence how albeit it was witness testimony but that evidence still needs to be considered along with all of the other evidence and forensics now when netflight worked with CJ on the Augusta 109s they did normally have a medical crew member sit up front with them when they were not patient loaded and this certainly does Aid in calling out obstructions for hazards for some reason the UW Med crew opted to not sit up front in these ec-135s I was unable to find a reason for this decision but nonetheless it was their decision in the air methods report they stated quote the medical crew on the accident flight consisted of a doctor and a flight nurse both of whom were employees of the University of Wisconsin hospital system both medical crew members were seated in the rear of the aircraft although a second pilot seat was available had they chosen to use it air methods procedures did not prohibit medical crew members from using a pilot seat but as a matter of practice the University of Wisconsin Hospital medical crew members did not choose choose to use the vacant pilot seat I don't know this just seems to come across as bad form to me I see no logic in placing a single shred of blame on the flight physician or the flight nurse of this accident for choosing to sit in the rear of the aircraft 98 of medical helicopters across the United States do not have a medical crew member sitting up front now air methods quotes that it was their policy and still is for everyone on board the aircraft to be wearing a helmet but UW Health clearly had a policy that helmets were not required and many of the Physicians did not wear them in this accident neither The Physician nor the nurse were wearing their helmets and before anyone says that a helmet would not have helped there is a story coming up later this year that shows three crew members on board an air ambulance with one not wearing a helmet where the helicopter then crashes on takeoff leaving the one person that wasn't wearing a helmet to suffer from a career-ending traumatic brain injury should they have been wearing helmets yes they should have it was air methods policy and I have no idea why the hospital would have allowed them to not wear a helmet air method goes on to defend their decision to withhold the IFR proficiency check for pilot Steve they originally stated that the reason for not doing the IFR proficiency check was weather related and needed to be rescheduled but in a post accident interview one of the other Pilots was quoted as saying that there was no IFR proficiency checks completed because air methods who use their own check Airmen did not have any check Airmen available I mean air methods certainly could have sought out other Czech Airmen directly from the FAA and is not forced to use their own employees to do these check rides sounds to me like it was simply a matter of air methods practice that if they did not have one of their own Czech Airmen available that they would simply delay the check ride even though the weather reporting was pretty shoddy air methods contends that the weather was marginal VFR or VFR and did not play an issue in this accident yet there was a pilot from a neighbor covering hemp service called medlink that I mentioned earlier who gave a statement that he saw fog at the top of the Bluffs east of La Crosse which is just where this helicopter was flying right before the accident occurred and another neighboring service from the Mayo Clinic also gave a detailed account that they visibly saw fog while returning to base that they turned down three flights for weather and aborted a fourth all during the hours surrounding the accident time and finally air methods posits that the pilot was not flying level and must have been descending and that he must have been doing so because he was distracted by something on his instrument panel presumably caused by the damaged pin or that selector switch being an idle so what was error method's probable cause for this crash they say that the probable cause of this accident was a collision with trees in darkness while distracted and responding to an unknown anomalous in-flight event now this seems eerily similar to the far-fetched theories posited by another hem service just a few years ago and I'm not sure it added at all to the investigation any and all investigations can easily end up with pieces of evidence that are either unexplained or simply not a factor in the outcome of the incident air method seemed 100 committed to the fact that this pin must have caused an instrument panel light to illuminate that then distracted the pilot causing him to try and do an emergency landing and then accidentally flying the helicopter into the Bluffs but there is zero evidence to support that only conjecture and speculation I don't know why that engine selector switch was in the idle position but given the fact that it was not locked out and it is known by Eurocopter that the switch groups wear out it seems more likely that a massive impact of say a helicopter slamming into a bluff at 120 miles per hour could easily move that switch down especially since the computer sensed it was in the flight position at the actual moment of impact now remember turbo Mecca also did their own investigation and they did not offer conclusions the cause of the crash but only that it was not the engines that caused the accident the manufacturer Eurocopter also completed an investigation and found that the pilot was at fault for not maintaining sufficient altitude during flight the Pilot's poor decision to continue a flight into deteriorating weather conditions at night and the fact that the pilot was not current in his instrument proficiency well where did the NTSB end up with their probable cause well they found that the probable cause of this accident to be the Pilot's failure to maintain clearance from trees along the top of a ridge line due to inadequate PreFlight planning insufficient altitude and the lack of a helicopter terrain awareness and warning system in other words during the pre-flight for this return trip home the pilot should have included the maximum elevation figures which for the lacrosse area is 2200 feet or at least it was at the time this means that so long as he flies at 2200 feet he will clear all known obstructions such as buildings towers and terrain and even though air methods stated that weather was not an issue the NTSB meteorological report showed that the cloud ceilings were scattered around just over 2000 feet giving the pilot just 831 feet of margin between the cloud ceilings and the tops of the Bluffs so what happened pilot Steve took off and he very well may or may not have known what the maximum elevation Figures were but he found himself getting closed in from the top with clouds pushing him down and eventually having to fly as low as possible so he could continue to see out the front of the aircraft since he was not allowed to fly IFR since his proficiency check was never scheduled by air methods in other words he was scud running trying to make it over the highest elevation point while still trying to stable of the clouds you know the same exact situation just occurred a few months ago with the life force incident in North Carolina in the Life Force case the pilot even knew that the maximum elevation obstructions was 6100 feet and for some reason still chose to set his autopilot at 5500 feet luckily in that case this pilot looked up at the very last moment saw the trees approaching and pulled up just in time for the tail boom to strike the very tops of the trees damaging his finish strong tail causing him to lose tail rotor Effectiveness but somehow he still managed to get the aircraft on the ground with no face fatality but wait as if there wasn't enough contention on this med-flive accident one of the NTSB board members for this investigation wrote a scathing letter to the board dissenting from the majority opinion board member Robert sumwalt who later became the chairman of the NTSB believed very strongly that there was a systemic problem at play here with air methods somewalt notes that the pilot was IFR current with CJ but was not allowed to maintain his IFR currency due to a lack of error methods training resources and that quote given that his helicopter was IFR equipped it is likely that had the pilot not been restricted to VFR operations he would have filed IFR instead of scud running beneath the clouds some alts proposed an amended probable cause would have read as the same as what the NTSB mentioned but also that contributing to the accident was the failure of air methods to ensure that the accident pilot was current and qualified for instrument flight rules operations which placed the pilot in the position edition of flying at a low altitude once he encountered lower than expected clouds you know since this accident many changes have occurred in the industry as well as at UW Health night vision goggles are almost Universal across hens in the United States now with most agencies supplying them for All crew members H toss is now a federal requirement on all Air ambulances and has undoubtedly prevented many similar crashes from occurring UW Health is no longer affiliated with air methods and has now partnered with Metro Aviation since 2019 for their pilots aircraft and mechanics helmets are now used by All Med flight crew members and someone from the medical crew always sits up front when they do not have a patient on board and all new ec-135s across the world come with an improved engine control switch now this accident occurred 15 years ago now every agency mentioned in this story from CJ to air methods to UW Health to Metro Aviation are filled with good people who just want to make a difference in people's lives and help people and save people and they all want to do it as safely as possible but at the same time we must learn from the tragedies of the past and when accidents do occur we must stay focused on the task at hand which is working together to investigate the accident learning from the actual cause and using that Newfound knowledge to be safer in the future this is how we all get better many interviews were completed for this investigation and it seems very clear to me that between air methods and Med flight that there was a great relationship and that everyone felt safe and never felt an organizational pressure to fly especially in bad weather but even the most competent and most experienced Pilots are at risk for becoming complacent and making poor decisions the sentiment of this story a pilot that did make a poor decision to fly into deteriorating weather then finding himself getting closed in from the top by the clouds and the Bottom by the terrain and scud running his way home unfortunately is nothing new and is not unheard of the only difference in this case is the coincidental occurrence of that engine number one switch moving to the idle position after the crash in the bent pin on the ECU connector both of which obviously threw in some forensic curveballs but in the end it clearly makes sense why both of those items occurred and that most likely neither of them had anything to do with causing this accident what would have prevented this crash well htos certainly would have alerted the pilot to the Bluffs but even then he may have found himself in inadvertent instrument conditions as he would have had to climb to get over the Bluffs and may have ended up in the clouds which also would have been an emergency but had there been two pilots on board this flight probably never would have occurred in the first place thank you all so much for watching if you have a story that you want me to cover please let me know in the comments I read them all even the ones making fun of my stupid earrings and my tattoos feel free to smash that super thanks button or visit the website where you can take some nerdy class classes or buy some merch please stay safe look out for one another and I will see you on the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDrMedic [113 likes]: I probably could have clarified this better in the video so that is my mistake.  At the time, the GPS satellite tracking identified a position roughly every 3 minutes.  The GPS satellite tracking DID give their location when they first took off from LSE, but the airport was their last known location.  Given that they only flew about 4.5 miles, it is likely that the next GPS tracking just didn't occur yet and that their entire flight only lasted just about 3 minutes.

While this was a terrible tragedy, many lessons were learned from this accident and many others in 2008.  These lessons have made the HEMS industry much safer today.  But, we could probably still do better, right?  Fly safe, everyone...
  2. @CEO-hcar-biz: HE WAS FLYING TOTALLY ILLEGAL. A little know FAA rule says NO FLYING VFR DIRECTLY UNDER A CLOUD CEILING. There must be 1000 feet separation from VFR aircraft and cloud ceiling above you. SO HE CRASHED BECAUSE HE WAS ILLEGAL. Never fly illegal. You will crash and the FAA makes these rules SO YOU DON'T CRASH.
Oh you guys forget one thing. Flying IFR certified is still no guarantee that you going to make it home either. I was in Super Decathlon one night with friend in back seat doing aerobatics and IFR ceiling snuck in below me at 1000 AGL and a radio tower was at 800 AGL under me too :) BUT THEN I LOST ALL ELECTRICAL POWER AND WAS FLYING BLIND. I stayed above the clouds and flew like heck away from where I 'think' the tower was :) then level flight slow right over ceiling and pushed stick A LITTLE FORWARD FOR SLOW DESCENT and I was freaking FLYING BLIND literally down into the smoke screen and finally viola I see tower and guy wires well away from me :) 

Rule 1) Never fly a reposition sortie at night in IMC EVER if you can avoid it. Tell the company you are the PIC, not your boss and he needs to pay you and crew for OT :)
Rule 2) Fly at all times like you are about to loose all electric power and navigation since you are a glass cockpit. Plan where you going to drop down and land, especially if electric power loss will kill the motors too?
Rule 3) see rule 1 and 2
  3. @avnmech: Sounds like Air Methods is a problem here by not providing the proper check rides.
  4. @mitchski98: In the picture you showed a EC-135 with a conventional analogue instrument panel not the two screen digital display.  Instrument flight, single pilot IFR is a high intensity activity with analogue instruments.
  5. @rollvideo: I would love it if you could tell the story about how Donald Trump died.
  6. @bigjohn2048: The problem with getting the truth or any information is liability!!!    Nobody wants any of it !!!!
  7. @jackdorsey4850: I love the stories. Can you do a video on some of the terminology you used? pleased
  8. @RickCarter-o7w: Early autopilot systems were complex and unreliable. Today's systems are completely reliable and easy to use. These systems are critical equipment for helicopter operators.
  9. @ramjet4025: I'm a former fixed wing air ambulance pilot, heli commercial and CFI. 
17 years ago  things were very different, however, accidents then were as predictable and foreseeable then as they are today.
 If we jump back to the 1950's and asked a helicopter pilot what would happen if they tried that flight the answer would also be a fatal prediction.
The pilot knew he was dicing with death.
Around the USA today, is some areas at night, the radio goes non stop
with Single Pilot IFR Heli Medivac operations, its insane.
When I talk to Heli Air Ambulance pilots in the USA, 
most are still single pilot.
The single biggest risk mitigation will be a requirement
that all Medivacs fixed wing or helicopter IFR operations
be Two Pilot Operations.
The other single biggest risk mitigation is to mandate
IFR pilot currency by all Medivac pilots even for day VFR 
operations.

Its now predicable that IFR Heli medivac accident rates will
decrease significantly, they are still going to be predictable
and those risks can be predictably significantly reduced
just using common sense.
  10. @valerieclark5064: I live under the flight path to the UW for flights from the south. 5 years ago, I spent multiple sleepless nights at UW. I needed and received a kidney transplant, but I was sent home 3 out of the 4 trips because the organ wasn't viable. Unfortunately, I was called in mostly on weekend nights. 

I would lay in my bed hearing the medflights arriving. There would be 4 or 5 flights a night. I learned the thumping sounds the copters made from miles away. I could hear it for about 5 minutes before they swooped in for landing. 

To this day, I hear the flights coming from miles away. I always have an emotional reaction when I hear them. I always say a prayer for a safe flight and patient's successful recovery. One of those flights saved my life as my kidney and transplant procurement doctor arrived safely at the hospital.
  11. @DarkRendition: These choppers need all of the available modern flight aides.
  12. @DarkRendition: The NTSB needs more authority rather than recommendations.
  13. @DarkRendition: It is absolutely stunning that there are so many chopper accidents, but the rules and regulations aren’t not reflective of the same rules and regulations in airlines
  14. @luism9818: IR training and NVIS, or only day VFR. No night scenes unaided.
  15. @Flintlock1776: The rules and norms of aviation are written in blood. 
You can ignore them if you like but eventually they will not ignore you back.
  16. @Cat-yx2iq: Have you done an in-depth video on the Life Flight accident in Hawaii? I think it was airplane, not helicopter, but the pilot was helicopter pilot who had recently gotten licensed for airplane. I know you touched on it in a video that included another crash of aircraft from the same company. I work at a hospital on the Big Island & the Life Flight helicopter lands right outside my unit & we watch it come & go, sometimes multiple times per day. Due to the inconvenient location from the airport, almost all transfers of patients from this hospital to trauma centers on Oahu are by helicopter. Even if it’s not really necessary. Unfortunately the outer islands lack adequate trauma level facilities, so the med-flights are the only option, whether it be helicopter or airplane. It is this Life Flight crash that caused my interest in med-flight disasters, which led me to your channel. As a side note, it seems there have been many helicopter crashes of leisure flights in Hawaii. I’m sure the weather is challenging, although I don’t recall if it was deemed a contributing factor in this Life Flight crash.
  17. @reapsgrimley: the recent crash in Washington had two pilots in the helo..
  18. @jonathanwelter: The MEF is for a large area and may not reflect the maximum obstruction within a safe distance of the planned flight route. Don’t get me wrong, scud running isn’t smart or legal.
  19. @dennisconnolly1: I dig your videos bro, keep them coming!
  20. @Truth4youtube: I know this sounds dumb but what does IFR mean infrared?

- He Was a Doctor on the Plane — But They Treated Him Like a Criminal: Kind: captions Language: en They cheered the landing until the crew asked for one passenger by name. The plane touched down to thunderous applause. Everyone grateful to be alive after the terrifying emergency landing. But then the flight attendant's voice cut through the celebration, asking for one specific passenger to identify himself. In that moment, Marcus Williams realized his nightmare was just beginning. Before we dive in, what time are you listening? Where are you from? Drop a comment below and tell me. And please like and subscribe for more videos like this. Marcus Williams fastened his seat belt as flight 447 prepared for departure from Chicago. He was heading home to Atlanta after a grueling week of medical conferences. As a cardiothoracic surgeon, Marcus had just presented his groundbreaking research on minimally invasive heart procedures. His presentation had been wellreceived, and he felt a quiet sense of accomplishment as he settled into seat. One 2A. The middle-aged woman beside him smiled politely before returning to her magazine. Marcus pulled out his tablet, planning to review patient files during the 3-hour flight. He had surgeries scheduled for Monday morning and he wanted to be prepared. The plane filled quickly with business travelers, families, and college students heading back from spring break. Marcus barely noticed the bustle around him as he focused on his work. He had learned long ago to find peace in the chaos of airports and airplanes. It was part of the job, part of the life he had built through years of sacrifice and dedication. The engines roared to life, and the plane began its taxi toward the runway. Marcus glanced out the window at the gray Chicago skyline fading behind them. He thought about his daughter's upcoming birthday. She would be turning 9 next week, and he had promised to be home in time to help plan her party. His wife had texted him that morning with cake flavor options and party theme ideas. Marcus smiled at the memory. Being a surgeon meant missing moments sometimes, but he tried his best to be present for the important ones. The plane lifted off smoothly, climbing through the clouds into clear blue sky. Marcus returned his attention to his tablet, making notes on a particularly complex case. a 62-year-old patient with severe coronary artery disease. The surgery would be delicate, requiring every ounce of his skill and experience. He was so absorbed in his work that he did not notice the first signs of trouble. 30 minutes into the flight, a loud bang echoed through the cabin. The plane shuddered violently and oxygen masks dropped from the overhead compartments. Passengers screamed as the aircraft lurched to one side. Marcus grabbed the armrests, his medical training kicking in immediately. He scanned the cabin, assessing for injuries, looking for anyone who might need immediate help. The woman beside him was hyperventilating, her face pale with terror. Marcus spoke to her in a calm, steady voice, telling her to breathe slowly, to put on her oxygen mask, to stay as calm as possible. His own heart was racing, but his hands remain steady. The pilot's voice crackled over the intercom, strained, but professional. Engine failure. They would need to make an emergency landing in Indianapolis. 20 minutes out, the cabin erupted in panicked voices, crying children and frantic prayers. Marcus helped the woman beside him secure her mask properly, then checked on the elderly man across the aisle, who looked like he might be having a heart attack. Marcus identified himself as a doctor, asked the man about his symptoms, and instructed a flight attendant to bring the medical kit. He took the man's pulse, asked about chest pain, shortness of breath, any history of heart problems. The man nodded weakly, clutching his chest. Marcus worked quickly, administering aspirin from the medical kit, monitoring the man's vital signs as best he could without proper equipment. Around him, the plane continued to shake and drop altitude. Every instinct told Marcus they were in serious danger, but he forced himself to focus on what he could control. He could help this man. He could keep him stable until they landed. The flight attendants moved through the cabin with remarkable composure, checking seat belts, securing loose items, preparing passengers for the emergency landing. Marcus caught the eye of one attendant, a young man with red hair, and gave him a thumbs up to indicate his patient was stable for now. The attendant nodded gratefully before moving on to the next row. The 20 minutes felt like hours. The plane descended rapidly, the pressure change making Marcus's ears pop painfully. He kept his hand on the elderly man's wrist, monitoring his pulse, offering reassurance. The woman beside Marcus was crying quietly now, her hands clasped tightly together. Through the window, Marcus could see the ground rushing up to meet them. The Indianapolis airport coming into view. The landing was rough but controlled. The plane hit the runway hard, bounced once, twice, then skidded along the tarmac with the screech of brakes and burning rubber. Luggage compartments flew open, spilling bags into the aisles. A woman's laptop flew past Marcus's head, missing him by inches. The plane tilted dangerously to one side before finally, mercifully coming to a stop. For a moment, there was absolute silence. Then the cabin erupted in cheers and applause. People were crying, laughing, hugging strangers, thanking the pilots and crew. Marcus exhaled deeply, his shoulders sagging with relief. They had made it. They were alive. He checked on the elderly man, who was weak but responsive. The woman beside Marcus grabbed his hand and squeezed it, tears streaming down her face. Emergency vehicles surrounded the plane. their lights flashing through the windows. The pilot announced that everyone should remain seated while the crew assessed the situation and prepared for evacuation. Then the head flight attendants voice came over the intercom. Clear and authoritative, she thanked everyone for their cooperation during the emergency. She praised the passengers for remaining calm. And then she said something that made Marcus's blood run cold. The crew needed to speak with passenger Marcus Williams immediately. Could Marcus Williams please identify himself? The cheering stopped, heads turned, passengers looking around, trying to spot whoever Marcus Williams was. Marcus felt every eye in the cabin searching, scanning faces, looking for the man whose name had just been called. His hand was still being held by the woman beside him, and he felt her grip loosen, felt her pull away slightly. The elderly man across the aisle stared at him with confusion and something else, something that looked like suspicion. Marcus raised his hands slowly, his voice steady despite the anxiety rising in his chest. He identified himself as Marcus Williams, seat 12A. He was a doctor, he added, unsure why he felt the need to explain. The head flight attendant made her way down the aisle toward him, her expression unreadable. She was a tall woman in her 50s with short gray hair and sharp eyes. She stopped beside his row and asked Marcus to come with her to the front of the plane. She did not smile. She did not explain. Marcus unfastened his seat belt and stood, aware of the dozens of faces watching him. The cabin that had been full of celebration moments ago now felt tense and hostile. He could hear whispers starting, could feel the shift in energy. What had he done? Why were they singling him out? He followed the attendant up the aisle, his mind racing through possibilities. Had someone accused him of something? Had his help with the elderly man been seen as inappropriate somehow? Nothing made sense. The attendant led him past the first class cabin to the galley area near the cockpit. Two other flight attendants stood there along with a man in a pilot's uniform. They all looked at Marcus with expressions he could not quite read. Professional, guarded. The head attendant spoke first. She asked Marcus if he had interfered with any passenger during the flight. Marcus's confusion deepened. He explained about the elderly man, about providing medical assistance, about helping the woman next to him with her oxygen mask. He had identified himself as a doctor. He had only tried to help. The pilot cut him off. They had received a complaint. A passenger had reported that Marcus had been acting suspiciously during the emergency, that he had been touching other passengers without permission, that his behavior had made people uncomfortable. Marcus felt the floor drop out from under him. The accusation was so absurd, so disconnected from reality that for a moment he could not even form words to respond. He had been helping people. He had potentially saved a man's life and now he was being accused of what exactly? Suspicious behavior. The attendant's voice was firm but not unkind. She explained that they had to take all complaints seriously, especially given the circumstances of the emergency landing. They needed to ask him some questions before allowing passengers to disembark. Marcus felt anger rising in his chest, hot and sharp. He asked who had made the complaint. What specifically was he being accused of? The crew members exchanged glances. They could not share that information, they said, but several passengers had expressed concern about his actions during the flight. Several passengers. Marcus thought about the cheers that had filled the cabin just minutes ago. He thought about the gratitude in the elderly man's eyes, the woman's hand squeezing his in relief. And now, suddenly, he was a threat. He was suspicious. He was someone who needed to be questioned and detained while everyone else walked free. Marcus took a deep breath and forced himself to stay calm. He explained his credentials slowly. He was a cardiothoracic surgeon at Emory University Hospital. He had been attending a medical conference in Chicago. He had provided emergency medical care to a passenger who appeared to be experiencing cardiac distress. He had done exactly what any doctor would do, what he was ethically obligated to do. He could provide identification, medical credentials, contact information for the hospital, anything they needed to verify his story. The pilot's expression softened slightly, but the attendants remained guarded. They asked for his identification. Marcus reached for his wallet, moving slowly and deliberately, hyper aware that his every movement was being scrutinized. He handed over his driver's license and his hospital identification badge with his photo and credentials clearly displayed. The head attendant examined the ID cards carefully, then excused herself to make a phone call. Marcus stood in the cramped galley space, flanked by crew members, feeling like a criminal. Through the gap in the curtain, he could see passengers in their seats, some craning their necks to see what was happening, others pointedly looking away. He wondered what they were thinking, what stories were being constructed about him in their minds. The attendant returned after what felt like an eternity. She handed Marcus his identification and said they had verified his credentials with the hospital. They appreciated his assistance during the emergency. However, they still needed to file a report about the complaint. Airport security would need to speak with him before he could leave the terminal. Marcus felt exhaustion wash over him. Even with his credentials verified, even with his innocence clear, the process would continue. The suspicion had been planted and now it had to be investigated, documented, filed away in some database. His name would be associated with this incident forever. A complaint made during an emergency landing. Suspicious behavior. It did not matter that he had been helping. It did not matter that he had potentially saved a life. The passengers began to disembark. Marcus was told to wait until everyone else had left the plane. He stood in the galley, watching the stream of people filing past. Some glanced at him with curiosity. Others avoided looking at him altogether. The elderly man he had helped paused as he passed, supported by a flight attendant. He met Marcus's eyes and nodded, a small gesture of thanks or acknowledgement. Marcus nodded back, grateful for that small moment of recognition. The woman who had been sitting beside him walked past without looking at him, her eyes fixed straight ahead. The plane emptied slowly. Families with small children. Business travelers with their carry-on bags, college students with their backpacks. All of them free to go to continue their journeys to tell their stories about the emergency landing and how they survived. Marcus remained behind waiting. When the last passenger had deplaned, two airport security officers boarded. They were professional but firm. They asked Marcus to accompany them to a private office in the terminal. They assured him this was just standard procedure. Nothing to worry about, just a few questions. Marcus followed them off the plane and through the terminal. People stared as they passed. A black man being escorted by security officers. Marcus kept his head up, his expression neutral, but inside he felt humiliated and angry. In the security office, the questions began again. Could he explain his actions during the flight? Why had he been touching other passengers? Had anyone given him permission to provide medical care? Marcus answered each question with as much patience as he could muster. He explained again about his medical training, his ethical obligation to help, the nature of the emergency. He provided additional documentation, phone numbers for colleagues who could vouch for him, a detailed account of exactly what he had done and why. The officers typed his answers into their computers, nodding occasionally, their faces betraying nothing. After an hour of questioning, they finally told him he was free to go. There would be no charges. The complaint had been investigated and found to be without merit. They apologized for the inconvenience and thanked him for his cooperation. Marcus left the office feeling drained and hollow. He collected his luggage and made his way through the terminal, past the restaurants and shops, past the other travelers going about their normal days. He called his wife from the gate while waiting for the next flight to Atlanta. His voice cracked as he told her what had happened. She listened in silence and when he finished, she simply said she was sorry. She said she loved him. She said she was glad he was safe. She did not say she was surprised because they both knew this was not the first time something like this had happened would not be the last. Marcus had been followed in stores, watched by security guards, pulled over by police for no reason. He had been questioned about whether he really was a doctor, whether he really belonged in the upscale neighborhood where he lived, whether he really was the parent of his light-skinned daughter. He had learned to carry extra identification, to speak carefully, to make himself as non-threatening as possible. But even that was not always enough. On the plane, helping people during an emergency, he had still been seen as a threat. The flight to Atlanta was uneventful. Marcus sat in silence, too tired to work, too wound up to sleep. He thought about the elderly man whose life he might have saved. He thought about the passengers who had cheered their survival one moment and suspected him the next. He thought about his daughter's birthday party, about the normal life he would return to, about the weight he carried the others did not see or understand. When the plane landed in Atlanta, there was no applause, just the usual shuffle of passengers, gathering their belongings, and heading for the exits. Marcus waited until most people had deplaned before standing. He walked through the familiar airport, through the crowds of travelers, out into the warm Georgia evening. His wife was waiting for him at arrivals, and when he saw her, something inside him finally broke. She held him while he cried right there in the middle of the airport. Not caring who saw Dot. The next week, Marcus went back to work. He performed surgeries, saved lives, taught residents, attended meetings. He helped plan his daughter's birthday party. He smiled and laughed and went through the motions of his normal life. But something had shifted. The incident on the plane had reminded him of a truth he sometimes tried to forget. that no amount of education, no level of professional success, no credentials or accomplishments could fully protect him from suspicion. That in moments of crisis when people were scared and looking for someone to blame, he would always be an easy target. But Marcus also refused to let that truth define him. He had helped someone who needed help. He had done what was right and he would continue to do so regardless of the cost because that was who he was. Not the suspicious stranger some passengers had seen. Not the threat that had to be investigated and contained, but a healer, a father, a man who had dedicated his life to saving others. So, if you like this video, please like and subscribe for more videos like this.

- I am Handlel3 Medical Emergencies on One Flight (True Story): Kind: captions Language: en See, it happened again. A real life nightmare at 30,000 ft as a passenger went into anaphylactic shock. Had a medical emergency on a flight and they made that call. Residency, I they're a medical professional on board on a transatlantic flight. And when I hear that there's a young man going into anaphylactic shock, that means we have to act very quickly. In residency, I know everyone gives me a hard time that I always talk about my epinephrine airplane rescue story, but this time it happened again three separate times. Are you kidding me? in residency. It's like I'm a magnet for this stuff, but it's a story I absolutely have to share with you. It was a typical flight from New York to Paris and the flight was going well. We took off safely. The food was about to be served and and they make that announcement. Is there a doctor on board? And I like thought about it for a second. I'm like, should we do this again? Should I help? Should I wait to see if other people volunteer first? No one was volunteering, at least in my area. So, I raised my hand. I stood up. I presented myself to the flight attendant and said, I'm a physician residency. How can I help? And they said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Are you really a doctor?" I said, "Yeah." And they said, "No, no, no. Show us your card." They looked at it. They said, "It looks legit enough to be real, Spency." At which point someone stood up and said, "Well, I'm actually a doctor, too. I'm an ENT doc." And I said, "Oh, really? Maybe you want to help." And he goes, "Well, unless someone needs to get their ears cleaned. Residency, I don't think I'm going to be of any help. Are you an ER doc? I'm family medicine." He goes, "Better you do it." I said, "Residency." Okay. One of the other flight attendants had already grabbed someone who happened to be a nurse, spoke mostly French, which will end up to be quite useful. We get to the back of the plane residency. There's an individual in tears in pain holding their side. I have no information. So, I start asking the individual some questions. Zero English. I knew this was going to be hard residency, but I didn't realize how hard it was about to get. No Wi-Fi, no good internet at that moment, so I couldn't use any of my translator apps. Luckily, the nurse spoke English. See? So the nurse was asking the individual questions also communicating with me in the small amount of English that they did know. Turns out patient has a history of kidney stones was experiencing flank pain residency which is like pain kind of on the side of your body radiating to the back. The patient said that this is the very same pain that she experienced when she had a kidney stone in the past. Residency, she didn't say anything prior to takeoff because she thought the pain she was experiencing was due to her cycle. She thought she was just getting menstrual cramps and kind of wrote it off. But as the plane took off, the pain got worse and worse. In that moment, in residency, I started thinking about the old medical story that we would tell students, how there was once a study that showed sending patients who have kidney stones onto a roller coaster can dislodge the kidney stone. In residency, I'm like, I wonder how bad the turbulence is going to get on this flight. Obviously, I have to correct myself and course correct there and say, okay, in residency, we're not going to have the pilot create turbulence to rattle this kidney stone free. So, I performed a small physical exam, checked her abdomen. It was non- tender. Normal pulse temperature was normal. things normal oxygen level checked her blood pressure blood pressure was normal also but when I went to go check for CVA tenderness in residency which is a test where we literally tap on the cost of vertebral angle on the back where the kidneys are essentially and if the patient jumps it's a good sign that there's something going on with the kidney residency sometimes it could be kidney stone related other times it could be pylonritis which is an infection of the kidneys so we realize that the patient has a kidney stone is in 10 out of 10 severe pain in residency I realized we have to think about pain control I asked the flight attendants what medication options do we have in their kit? The kit that I haven't seen since the epinephrine days. And now this is not Delta residency. This is Air France. So it's a new kit. They show me the kit. We break it open. We look into it and we see a list of medications that are all in French. Some of which are translatable easier than others. Residency. Like the name just has like a little accent mark on it. But others are completely new medications that I've never heard of. So I told the flight attendant, "Look, residency. I'm not very comfortable with using these medications given the fact that I'm not familiar with them." She said, "We have to go to the cockpit. You have to speak with the pilots in ground control. I said, "Whoa." See? Okay. Even last time that I had my medical emergency, I didn't go in the cockpit. They came out to speak with me. So, we go to the cockpit. I go in, introduce myself to the two pilots. I explain what's going on. Residency. They asked me if I think we should divert given that the flight attendant told me that once we leave land, which we're about to leave land from Canada, flying across the Atlantic Ocean, residency, we will not have an ability to land in an emergency. I said, I think it's best we land. I think it's best we divert. Even though I know everyone would hate me for saying that. Residency, I was just thinking about what's best for the patient. So the pilot literally gives me his own headset. I put it on. I start speaking to someone. I say the age of the patient, the medical history in the physical exam, the vital signs, and they say, "We do not divert for kidney stones, nephrolythsis." And I said, "Okay, well, if you are comfortable recommending which medication to give, I'm happy to give it in residency, but I just don't know any of these medications because they're French medications." They said, "Okay, give Acupen." I'm like, "Accupanopam." And that's one of the medications that was on the list. Actually, Dincy, I took a picture while I was in the cockpit of this medication list because I was trying to get reception to ask one of these AIs to translate it for me. But on the list, it says the medicine is an injection residency, which means you have to either start an IV and give it through the IV or give it I'm intramuscularly. The nurse rockstar that he is starts the IV. Patient starts looking a little bit better in residency, but still in a lot of pain, crying, sweating, screaming. I run up to the pilots to give them a status update. They say, "Okay, great. We're not diverting. We're leaving land." And I said, "Okay, I go back and see she's vomiting now." And this is a problem because whenever you have kidney stone pain, if it's really bad, you can develop what's known as hydronnepherosis where urine actually backs up into the kidney and starts creating damage and pain and swelling. It's very uncomfortable. And we realize we have to give her a medication for the nausea and vomiting. Pency luckily I recognize one of those medicalide. I believe it's reglin here in the United States. Their brand is a little different. So we give that dose. Patient starts feeling a little better. We go in pedency. I tell the pilot, they say, "Great." I'm like, "We solved the problem. The patient's stable. We'll keep checking vitals every hour. Walk out of the cockpit. Residency, there's another person laying on the floor right next to the cockpit." And I look at the flight attendants like, "What's going on?" They go, "Doctor, another patient, you have to help." And I go, "In residency, what? I was just about to sit after a 2-hour ordeal." This individual ends up speaking English, which made it a lot easier for me, much more difficult for the French nurse. So, they left residency. They're very lightheaded, dizzy, nosis, asking if I have Dramamine. And I asked, "Are you someone who gets motion sick on planes, on boats?" "No, I don't." "Well, that doesn't add up." "See, why are you suddenly motion sick?" And I said, "Look, based on what you're describing here, residency, I I feel like you ate something or just need to vomit out something out of your system." 30 minutes later, as I'm standing there with her, she starts vomiting profusely. Suddenly felt a lot better. In residency, I explained that it's possible that she ate something that didn't agree with her. Perhaps she had something on her hands. Flight attendant says, "Okay, look, I'm filling out this paperwork on the first person. residency. Tell me what happened with the second one. I proceed to tell the story and I said, "Well, probably food poisoning." And she goes like this and I'm like, "What did I say? Is that a problem?" Doctor, residency, if it's food poisoning, that means we have to do a food analysis. And there's like a whole protocol for this. And I'm like, "Well, maybe it's not food poisoning cuz no one else is sick in residency. Maybe she just ate with dirty hands." She goes, "We'll go with that unless someone else starts getting sick, too." And I said, "Fair enough. We fill out our paperwork. Now I can go back to my seat. residency. There's like 3 hours left in this flight. I'm like, maybe I'll get a little shoot high. I sit. I'm like, cool. I'm going to watch this movie. No, not a movie. I was watching the agency residency. I I start watching the first episode 20 minutes in. The flight attendant comes over. I'm like, oh, she's probably going to say, "Thank you for helping me out earlier." And she goes, "There's another one." I said, "No residency. No, no, come on. You're joking." She goes, "No, no, no. We need your help. Please come to the back of the plane." I'm like, "No way this is happening. A third one. This has got to be a Guinness World Record. In residency, we have to call David Rush, I've broken about 300 Guinness World Records titles. Uh, wow. By the way, my girlfriend the whole time knocked out of sleep. Doesn't know what's going on. Residency. When I was in the cockpit for the second time telling the pilots about not diverting, she texts me, "Where am I?" And it's been a really long time that I've been in the bathroom. And I'm like, "Residency? I'm not in the bathroom. I'm in the cockpit." And she just goes, "You're messing with me, right?" And I'm like, "No, I'm in the cockpit." See, potentially diverting this flight. And apparently that wasn't scary for her because she went back to sleep while I'm dealing with third patient on this flight. I basically did hours residency which is what we call like working in a clinic. I ran clinic in the sky. So I go back to see patient number three or individual number three. Turns out this individual got laded going to the bathroom. No chest pain. He does have diabetes and perhaps not greatly controlled diabetes. He said his sugar yesterday that he tested was 180 which is high but not medical emergency high. So he said residency. Let's check it now. In the medical kit, they actually had a finger stick, a glucose finger stick monitor. So, we check with the glucometer the sugar. It was 2 to 10. I say, "See, you're not allowed to consume any more sugars on this plane. Let's just have you drink water." We get him to drink some fluids. He rehydrates up, feels better, get him back to his seat. 10 minutes later, see his wife gets me again, not feeling well. He's shivering. See, I'm really worried. I come back and I see that this is one of these psychosmatic reactions where he's really worried about something bad happening because the severity of what he was experiencing was not matching the physical exam. See, and I explained that it's not unusual that he's very worried about it. Perhaps if he has his medicine for his diabetes, we can consider taking that. He takes metformin residency, which is one of the old school medications that we use for diabetes. It works quite well. It's not like insulin where if I give it to you, it lowers your blood sugar right away. In fact, residency, when I start a patient on metformin, it takes at least a week or so, maybe two weeks to actually see its full impact on someone's average blood sugar. But this patient was very worried. See, the patient says that he takes 500 twice a day, which is a pretty low dose of metformin. And I said, "Cy, it's totally reasonable to take an extra dose." And I said that knowing that it probably won't change his blood sugar in that moment, but I knew it would give him some reassurance. Residency, and there was no medical reason not to. So I said, "You could take one now." He said he took it. He right away felt better, which I know medically it didn't change anything, but the placebo effect was real. In residency, he stayed calm for the rest of the flight. Like an hour later, we landed. It was an incredible experience. I started getting emails the second we landed. Air France, here's a credit for volunteering a 350 in residency. Second email, here's a credit for volunteering. Again, 125. I'm like, why was the first 350 higher acuity? Did I get more RVs on that one? The flight attendants were very grateful. They were very kind. Residency, very sweet, very helpful. Followed all the protocols to the tea. And as we were walking out, she hugged me and said, "You're an angel." Residency, thank you so much for helping. And holds up a paper like this with a QR code on it. And she goes, "Do you mind scanning this?" And I'm like thinking to myself, "Oh, residency." She's going to give me another like frequent flyer thing. I'm like, "I don't need it. It's okay." She goes, "No, no, please scan it." And I go to start scanning it with my phone. I'm like, in residency, what is this that I'm scanning? She goes, oh, we want you to join the doctors on board program. Oh, the next time you're on a plane, we don't have to ask if there's medical doctors on board. Residency will just go directly to your seat. And I'm like, oh my god. So, I'll be volunteering to be the doctor for Air France for as long as I live. Residency, perhaps I want to reserve the right to not volunteer if I don't feel well or if I had some alcohol. So, I'm not going to sign up for this program. But, it just goes to show it's unpredictable taking flights these days. Residency. And some people say it's because of air traffic controllers, and that's true. There are delays, but there's also a lot of medical emergencies. In residency, I have never met a physician who's had three separate medical emergencies that all worked out to this extent. Even the nurse who was on the plane with me, I thank them for their help as well. They sent me a DM like a few days after residency saying that their colleagues knew who I was and they were jealous and everything worked out for the first patient cuz they ended up going to the airport emergency room. But wow, what a story. Residency. I can't believe this happened again. People do a lot of strange things on airplanes. A lot of them unhealthy, actually. Click here to check out my reactions to those.

- Airplane Medical Emergency | WE COULDN'T LAND! | Wednesday Checkup: Kind: captions Language: en - I wanna give a shout out to our BAMF of the day, the internet and YouTube's own Dr. Mike. - Passenger went into anaphylactic shock during a flight. - Thankfully, Dr. Mike was on board. - I think it's story time. (stirring music) (heart monitor beeping) I was headed to Israel to work with a nonprofit called America's Voices in Israel. They wanted me to meet some med tech CEOs, visit some hospitals, some nonprofits, visit with the university faculty and chat about their research. But the trip going there was quite eventful, to say the least. We're about two hours into the flight, we're over the Atlantic Ocean, and the flight attendants make that announcement. Is there a medical professional on board? I don't know why I'm holding a mic like this. They have phones. The flight attendant's right next to me. I'm a doctor, I can help. I'm not wearing shoes. I have a hoodie on. And I look like I haven't slept in days because my strategy was to sleep on the plane going there to reset my circadian rhythm. The flight attendant does believe me that I'm a physician, brings me over, and I meet the passenger. He's a young guy, and he tells me that he's starting to have some swelling in his hands. And when I look at it, I see hives are present. So, he's having an allergic reaction. And he said he's had an allergic reaction the night prior, but it wasn't that bad. He took some Benadryl and it went away. Now, in that moment, I asked him if he had the allergy medication still on him, and he did. He had some steroid on him, Prednisone, and Benadryl. I instructed him to take another dose of both and to let me know if anything at all starts happening in his mouth or throat, because that could be a sign of anaphylaxis, which means that you have swelling of the upper airways, which essentially, if left untreated, can lead to death, and very, very quickly. Now, you might be wondering, what is giving Matt this serious anaphylactic reaction? He didn't eat on the plane. My suspicion, based on talking with him and hearing his history, he was eating a significant amount of red meat the night prior. Why is this interesting? He normally doesn't eat red meat. He also says not too long ago he was bitten by a tick. Now, if you're bitten by a specific tick called the lone star tick, which exists in the southernmost region of the United States but now is slowly creeping its way up north, you can develop an allergy to red meat, specifically to alpha-gal. This is a sugar molecule that's found in some mammals, but not people. And once you're bitten by this tick, if you eat an animal product that has alpha-gal in it, you can have a delayed allergic reaction much like Matt had. I right away started thinking worst-case scenarios. What's gonna happen if his throat starts swelling and we're over the Atlantic Ocean? Well, we can't land, so I would have to administer epinephrine, which is essentially just adrenaline. And we give this medicine into the upper thigh, into the muscle, in order to relax the airways, to tense up the blood vessels throughout the body so that we don't lose blood pressure, which is one of the really dangerous parts of anaphylactic shock. If the epinephrine or the EpiPen does not work, the next step would be to schedule a landing. And if the swelling continues to get worse, I would be forced to make an incision in this young man's throat. I started panicking. I haven't done this procedure since medical school. I haven't seen it performed in years. I tried connecting to the wifi to watch videos. I have no shame in saying this because this is not a procedure we do anymore. We intubate patients. But to do what we call a cric, that's serious stuff. That's what you see on Grey's Anatomy and House episodes that we laugh at and say, oh, no one ever does this. So, I was trying to brainstorm what I can use in terms of tools on the airplane to make this incision. I was saying maybe a pen, maybe a needle, maybe one of the ampules that were found in the kit that were made of glass, and I could use a sharp piece of glass. My mind was racing. A few minutes later, the flight attendant comes and gets me and says, "Okay, he's starting to have oral symptoms." And that's when I kick into my medical mode, full-on medical mode. I rush over, I look at his throat. It is definitely swelling. I can see it swelling. I just make the decision to rush him to the front of the plane, right by the cockpit, and it allows us to get some privacy, 'cause I was gonna ask him to take off his pants in order to give him the injection. When I break open the kit that was found on Delta's plane, I was shocked because on the outside of the kit, it said epinephrine. There were no EpiPens. Now, you might be thinking, well, if there's epinephrine, what's the big deal? You have epinephrine. It can be used just like an EpiPen. Well, yes and no. While it's the same active ingredient, the dosages are different. Normally you give either .3 milligrams or .5 milligrams during an anaphylactic reaction. With an EpiPen, that's already pre-administered and pre-filled with the needle in it and everything. Now, what was in Delta's kit was an epinephrine injection kit for cardiac arrest. That's when someone's heart flat-lines. You're not shocking a patient. You're giving them this dose of epinephrine. This is much higher dose. It's one milligram. And the needle is an inch and a half long. And I knew this was gonna be painful. So, here I am reading the instructions on how to get the needle free, because this isn't a kit I was familiar with using. So, I was fumbling with it for the first 30 seconds or so. That's why we need to have an EpiPen on board. Because an EpiPen, had it been there, all you have to do is read the instructions really quickly, boom, it auto-injects. It's simple. I told the patient what we're gonna do, I guess the passenger, told the flight attendant, and I injected it because his throat was really starting to swell. He started screaming. I immediately withdraw the needle. I hand him an alcohol pad and I ask him to hold pressure so I didn't get any of his blood on me. He starts telling me that the area's becoming very tender, and I understand why. One of the main mechanisms of action of how epinephrine works is vasal constriction. It makes the arteries clamp down. That raises the blood pressure and allows the person to live. But also, if you're giving it in this area and it tightens all the blood vessels up in this area, it causes a lot of pain. So, right away I explained to him what was going on. I had him take a few steps to walk around, got some ice on his leg just to make the pain a little bit less. We're checking his pulses, checking his vitals. The reason why when you administer epinephrine or an EpiPen the first step we do afterwards is to get you to a hospital is for monitoring, to make sure that, A, the allergic reaction doesn't come back, B, to make sure that your heart is okay because I'm giving you adrenaline. That not only speeds up the heart, raises the blood pressure. It can cause all sorts of side effects. So, now above the Atlantic Ocean, the pilots are asking me, the flight attendants are asking me, should we land in Canada? Should we go back? Should we land on the islands near Portugal? I ask the head flight attendant, who was super sweet, to ask ground control what their policy was. And what she told me Delta told her, as long as a doctor was in control of the situation and felt the patient was stable, no emergency diversion was needed. So, I checked his vitals a few times after doing the injection. He was tachycardic as a result of the epinephrine. His blood pressure was stable. It was in the normal range. It wasn't dropping. And we made the decision to continue on route to Tel Aviv, Israel, but continually monitoring his status. I took out my iPhone. I was looking in his throat just to make sure it wasn't swelling. Because he did scare me a couple of times. He couldn't tell if it was just very dry or starting to swell. Whenever you get a dose of adrenaline, I guess think about if you're making a speech and you're doing public speaking. You get nervous, you get dry mouth. That's the adrenaline kicking in there. So I thought that that's what likely was going on because when I looked with my iPhone, I did not see any swelling. Everything looked okay. There was no need to give a second injection. So, what my job was once we gave the injection was to, A, keep the patient calm, and to check his vitals to make sure there's nothing bad changing, his blood pressure wasn't dropping, his pulse wasn't going too high, and we could continue on with our flight. I did this pretty much every 30 minutes, talked to him, stood over him. And at one point, he became really tired because he took several doses of Benadryl, Prednisone, adrenaline. He was getting sleepy 'cause he didn't sleep well the night before. So, after watching him for about four or five hours after the injection, I felt comfortable returning him to his seat, telling his counselors and people that he was on the trip with about what was going on, that if anything were to change to right away come and get me. But my plan was to put him in his seat for the last two hours and every half hour or so come on and check on him and do another round of vitals. I did that up until the point of landing. His vitals were great. He was resting, his throat wasn't swelling, his pain in his leg was even resolving. So, we're able to land the plane and he survived this transatlantic flight. The passengers around me thanked me, but they didn't thank me for saving this young man's life. I guess they didn't know what was going on. They thanked me for not diverting the plane and ruining their plans. I thought that was pretty funny. The crew on the plane were amazing. All the pilots, flight attendants, they actually wrote me a nice thank-you card for the attention that I gave Matt. I was nervous, I was sleep-deprived, but I was also very happy that we had a good result. What makes this story kind of come full circle is really interesting. There's a company called Taglit, which does birthright trips to Israel. And that's the trip that Matt was on. He was going to explore Israel with his group. I actually was on the same trip 10 years prior. And they said, well, we have to connect them somewhere where we meet on this trip. He was gonna be in Jerusalem. I was gonna be in Jerusalem. We had to have a meetup. And what do you know? We made it happen. I was in a hospital in Jerusalem doing some talks with one of their university researchers and touring their hospital, and we found Matt there. He was already discharged, but he came to visit. We're able to say hi, get a good laugh. I was able to see that he's perfectly fine. His leg is not bothering him too much, he's touring all around Israel doing hikes no problem. Now he's carrying an EpiPen around to not repeat this experience. How is it possible that airlines don't have EpiPens on board? Allergies, anaphylactic attacks are on the rise all throughout the world. We should be having EpiPens available so that the flight attendants could be trained on how to use them, and they can hopefully save someone's life. I looked up if this has ever happened before, and it has. Luckily in those situations, another passenger had an EpiPen on board, and they were able to use theirs. But relying on that is not smart. Relying on the fact that there's epinephrine for cardiac arrest on the plane is also not smart. Easily in the haste of an emergency, someone's gonna take that, administer way too much of a dose, and the person can die as a result. My message to airlines? Do what you have to do to get an epinephrine pen, specifically an auto-injector pen, on board, update it every year or 18 months so it doesn't expire, and you're gonna save people's lives. I think this is just a no-brainer that we absolutely have to accomplish. This story was obviously a crazy one. I don't know if I'm ever gonna have a story time to top this one. If you wanna hear about my journey to Israel and all the amazing things I was able to accomplish there, drop it down below in the comments, 'cause I desperately wanna tell you about some of the amazing breakthroughs they having going on there. And definitely click this video 'cause it's worth watching, and I know you're gonna love it. As always, stay happy and healthy. - Thank you, Dr. Mike. I really appreciate your help, man. (relaxing electronic music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @zuhafatimazargar [17 likes]: Hearing israhell made my mouth sour
  2. @heynanaistillthinkaboutyou [15 likes]: you did a good job BUT its palastean FREE PALASTEANNNNNN
  3. @ag5030-j9m [2 likes]: Surprised no other passengers had an epi+zyrtec+ pepcid. Lucky Dr. Mike found a way. Crazy a tick was the catalyst.
  4. @SpoonMe [2 likes]: Little do you know—- you have a three patient emergency on your flight on Air France six years later!!   You always rock being a fantastic doctor and more importantly, human being!!!!
  5. @gee-y4f [1 likes]: I watched a 'short' 10 minutes ago about this  story. Had to watch the 'whole' story. Good job 'Doc'
  6. @amirfaris6869: lol
  7. @tiranannielelrondsell: pocket knife
  8. @alamundi8298: As a flight attendant chapeau to ask for the policies as an non aviation person
  9. @BeanEater-o3r: 1:26 prednisone tastes HORRIBLE, and it leaves that ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE taste in your mouth for like 2 hours
  10. @MPGamer-x9e: Countries guy here. Portugal has multiple islands in the Atlantic ocean which most of them are called the 'Azores' and there are airports on those islands which you can land on incase of an emergency.
  11. @Nia_vailable: Every time I see Dr. Mike, he feels oddly familiar and gives off such a positive vibe. I only figured out why today!! It’s because he looks like Gabriel Conte!!! a YouTuber I followed years ago
  12. @carleenuber4744: Great video
  13. @BenjaminCole-b5d8j: If anyone fought, he was a fake doctor. This proves them wrong.
  14. @GingerKiwiOnWheels: It's important to note that anaphylaxis doesn't always involve the respiratory system and throat. It's a severe allergic reaction in any two or more body systems. I get skin, digestive, and cardiac symptoms, as well as cognitive. My blood pressure drops so low that I've had no radial pulse when laying down with my feet raised. Because of the combined skin and cardiac symptoms I lose fine motor control and can't inject my own epi. I have a different type of epinephrine injector "Allerject". It's about the size of a hotel bar of soap. It speaks in English and tells people how to use it, much like public defibrillators. 

My skin symptoms are SEVERE. Huge extremely itchy and painful body-wide hives and severe overheating. I've been outside in -5 Celsius in winter in bare feet, a tank top, and jeans rolled up and I was sweating from overheating. 

My anaphylaxis is from both allergies (e.g. penicillin) and MCAS (Mast Cell Activation Syndrome). Because of MCAS if I have a severe injury I'm prone to getting a severe random allergic reaction. My body overcompensates and thinks there's something to freak out about. I'm recovering from a flare two days ago right now, after my bath seat broke when I was on it and I bruised my back.
  15. @kakumee: My partner saved me when I had aplaxus in Colorado springs at a restaurant. They drove me to ER. I got an epi pen that's day. Truns out there was something I was allergic to in the food. I can't take prenizone. It'll send me into an asthma attack.
  16. @OliAviation1: Doctor mikes neck when he met Matt is CRAZY
  17. @DiegoThegreat-t3i: Do you know if a cure for mankes syndrome exists?
  18. @hvk224: I think that after a lot of work from an aircraft doctor, the national airline must issue a mandatory directive that a doctor be available on every flight between countries.
  19. @saint1760: 🐐 🐐 🐐
  20. @SheelDas_thegoat: He could have used the mix to ask if anyone has an extra epi-pen

- Palm Beach County doctor who saved pilot's life shares survival story: Kind: captions Language: en story with the patient who has given me permission to use his name and discuss his medical history began last tuesday so i just completed a couple of routine cardiac operations and around two o'clock in the afternoon received a phone call from one of my colleagues over at st mary's medical center just down the street from us here at gardens and basically the er physician told me that they had a patient who had passed out on an airplane and after passing out on an airplane was sent to saint mary's medical center for concerns of stroke he had left-sided facial droop or weakness he wasn't moving one side of his body he seemed to be neglecting one side of his entire visual visual field and so he had an appropriate work up there for a stroke which was a ct scan and the lower parts of the ct scan which include the neck and the upper part of the chest demonstrated what's called an acute type a dissection which is a cardiac surgery emergency so at that point we made the decision very promptly to transfer the patient from saint mary's to palm beach gardens medical center which is a cardiac surgery site upon arriving here i did meet the patient ken in the in the emergency room i spoke to one of the passengers that was actually on the airplane that made the drive over as well and left a voicemail with his wife who was on an airplane on the way down here from lake wales in central florida so after seeing the patient we rushed him off to the operating room for a repair of his type a dissection which is a high mortality case about 50 percent of patients who have this diagnosis won't even make it to the hospital once the patient does arrive to the hospital every hour that goes by is a one to three percent chances a chance of passing away without treatment and even with treatment surgical treatment that is the risk of passing away with the operation or or within the hospital stay is quite high many years ago we used to quote patients that your risk of passing away was up to 50 60 percent with the operation and near certain uh certainty for and over the past few few years or decade or so the outcomes have really uh improved to the point where we can tell patients who come to us that are otherwise in good health that their likelihood of surviving is around 15 to 30 percent depending on the risk factors that they come in with so we rushed him off to the operating room in the late afternoon of tuesday the operation uh completed close to midnight that night he did very well we replaced the ascending part of the aorta which is the critical part of the procedure and we did this with the assistance of something called circulatory arrest where the body is no longer receiving any blood flow but we do it with another technique called antigrade cerebral perfusion which allows us to actually deliver oxygen and nutrients to the brain while the rest of the body is cooled down to about 20 degrees so following the operation thankfully we had no issues with bleeding shortly after re returning to the icu we were able to wake him up you actually had return of all neurologic function meaning he had no further weakness and either his facial muscles his extremities his visual fields were completely intact and we were able to take the breathing tube out that following morning the rest of his post-op recovery uh was actually uh quite smooth he was discharged home six days later on monday just this past week and he is resting comfortably locally has been in touch with me uh and my team and is doing quite well so that's his story in a nutshell i'm happy to take questions questions um i'm wondering if the pilot had like high blood pressure some of the things that lead to this did he have any genetic disorders like turner's syndrome that would have been a sign of this so it's a great question the risk factors for a type a dissection include genetic causes that you're alluding to such as connective tissue disorders turner's syndrome this can sometimes be sporadic meaning it's the first time the patient or the family has an incidence of something like this or it can actually run in in families for generations and and the patient did not have any any uh family history or any patho mnemonic signs or of any of those kind of conditions he does have uh high blood pressure but he's actually a very healthy individual he sees his primary care doctor twice a year he's on appropriate medication for for high blood pressure type a dissections can happen when you're at rest when you're asleep or when you're exerting it exerting yourself so but no other findings that would predispose him to a type a dissection with the exception of blood pressure high blood pressure how old is mr allen 64. thank you dr patel i think you said about 50 of those that that go through this don't even make it to the hospital just kind of detail for us how incredibly lucky this pilot is i mean first of all to be on that airplane and that passenger able to land the plane and then doing it without panicking getting on the ground as quickly as possible did that also help save his life to get him to the hospital as fast as he could i mean the story is a miracle after a miracle really you know for him to be able to survive the event an acute type a dissection is really acute it is hyper acute it happens suddenly so the moment he was describing to his um friends on the plane that hey guys i don't feel well i have the worst headache of my life i'm feeling fuzzy dizzy that is the exact event that the tear occurred in his aorta so to be able to survive that acute event was really quite remarkable we know that sudden onset chest pain advanced age signs of malprofusion such as stroke-like symptoms pretend worse outcomes so he had all of those survived the terror itself the fact that you know his friends were able to land land that plane with the with the assistance of uh air traffic control uh i mean that that in and of itself was quite a miracle and then from there to survive the trip from the airport to saint mary's be promptly evaluated there and an astute team of physicians and staff and nurses identified that he had something quite a bit more than just a stroke and and and got the patient to us here at gardens for uh for emergency surgical care every step of the way the way was um really uh extraordinary that he was able to get through it with the ease that he he displayed in his post-op recovery the first thing he says to me in the morning after after surgery is when can i go home and i can tell you that that is not the typical question that you get the morning after after a type a dissection repair it sounds like there were about three or four hours in between the initial event and when he made it to the operating room was there any sort of damage control you had to do that occurred in those four hours was the surgery made more difficult by the time that lapsed in between the incident and the surgery so once once the diagnosis of a type a dissection is made treatment is immediate treatment is incredibly important and it basically centers on something called impulse control meaning you want to have low blood pressure and low heart rate to minimize the tension that is put on the wall of that torn aorta so that began almost immediately once i got the phone call we put the patient on a variety of medications through the iv that allow us to very finely control his blood pressure and his heart rate and then the rest of it is really just getting the patient to the operating room with the appropriate catheters and ivs and lines etc that allow us to deliver the surgical care that we need and the idea behind the the uh the urgency is to prevent what we call aortic catastrophe right so the aorta has three different walls in it an inner middle middle and outer outer layer and when the tear occurs it occurs between the inner and the middle layer and the blood starts to create what we call a false movement inside that inside that wall what we're trying to prevent are a couple of things one is acute or frank rupture of the aorta where the entire falls apart and the patient unfortunately bleeds out or uh or and prevent what we call malperfusion so as blood starts to go into this false lumen through the tear it can compromise the blood flow to the rest of the organs namely the brain the kidneys the liver and your limbs so really impulse control to keep the heart rate blood pressure down and getting the patient to the operating which is the safest place for a patient with the type a dissection to be was the patient conscious at all from the time the plane landed to the time he arrived here or was he unconscious through the entire afternoon when the when ken arrived to us here at gardens he was alert he was alert and was able to converse with me and he was appropriate as well he was able to tell me his wife's name her phone number by report from saint mary's when he was picked up from the airport he was still confused lethargic and having symptoms consistent with a stroke which is what led to the transfer to st mary's doctor was he having a stroke like symptoms because was there a lack of blood going to the brain due to the tear at that moment that's right um when you perform the surgery it sounds incredibly complex is it similar to open heart bypass surgery where you actually have to stop the heart go into the chest and he's breathing on the ventilator this is quite a bit different from bypass surgery it does require stopping the heart like some bypass surgery requires in addition to stopping the heart though ken's procedure also involves something called hypothermic circulatory arrest which is something you would really not do for bypass surgery or valve surgery and what that means is you cool the patient's core temperature down to 18 20 degrees and you do you do that to preserve cells preserve brain cells as well as you know help preserve the rest of the organs in the body and what what that allows us to do is actually come off of something called the heart lung machine which is what is providing oxygen and nutrients the body while you're doing routine heart surgery so the entire blood flow to ken's other organs are completely stopped with the exception of of the brain in this case because we were able to perfuse the brain through a technique called antigrade cerebral perfusion where we deliver oxygen and nutrients to through the brain through the axillary artery which lies here in your under your right right collar bone when you cool somebody down that low the clock is ticking the longer somebody is without blood flow or even slightly less blood flow to the brain the more chances of neurological impairment or even devastation so it really is an operation that uh appropriate pre-operative planning timing get the patient to the operating room as expeditiously as as possible and then both precision and speed it's one of those rare combinations of procedures and all of surgery that requires both precision and speed how many times have you performed this type of surgery on someone with an aortic dissection well it comes in threes they say so uh i've done two this month um so i'm waiting for the third one but um it's not you know i wouldn't be able to tell you how many there are plenty it's common it's not it's not routine cardiac surgery you know we i do about two operations routine cardiac surgery operations a day valve surgeries bypass surgery type a dissections or something that that's never planned um if i had to guess it it's probably a dozen a year long-term prognosis for mr allen will he be 100 recovery hopefully that's a great question so where we've made a lot of the progress in the care of these patients are uh early outcomes right so um our operative mortality rate depends the chances of a patient passing away with surgery those outcomes have improved quite dramatically to the point where we can safely say in otherwise healthy patients that come to us with good perfusion and good end organ function that their chances of passing away with the operation around 15 to 30 percent still incredibly high compared to routine cardiac surgery but but much favorable compared to what the odds used to be many years ago the long-term data suggests that about five years ninety percent of patients will be doing just fine doctor would you be able to clear him for flying that wouldn't be up to me i believe that would be up to the faa um but uh from my perspective where he had his life-threatening event that part he should be cured from weird question but him being elevated um for so long that that maybe prolonged his his positive status and outcome different than being on the ground does elevation play a certain game yes or no not to my knowledge and you know this is this is the only story like this i've ever heard of um so there's not much data to go by um but i don't i think if anything being elevated only put him you know at risk because of dela the potential for delay and care you know at any point in in this story he could have had a frank rupture of his aorta which would have been likely life ending are there any warning signs of this type of situation did he have any previous symptoms type a dissections acute type a dissections which which can had um happens suddenly it's a hyper acute process the moment he started having symptoms is the exact moment that he he tore his aorta so really the the prevention for this is you know really good type you know blood pressure control uh avoiding smoking you know a good balance in terms of diet and exercise and then of course if there is a a role prevention it's really patients that have a family history of either aortic aneurysm or aortic dissection you know if if ken was a 30 year old male who had a father who had this and a grandfather who had this etc then then this is where you would talk to ken's children and grandchildren and say let's let's get you into genetic counseling and and get you hooked up with a good cardiologist and get some imaging of of the chest to see if if there's either an aneurysm uh ultrasounds of the heart to see if there's any valvulopathies and aortic valve abnormalities can be associated with with aortic aneurysm and dissection um so that that's where there would be benefit for for prevention but in ken's case this happened really quite suddenly without any any symptoms prior to the actual event and how stressful was it for you dr patel i'm sure you knew the story that he had just narrowly avoided death in the air through this heroic flying of a plane but now he's on the ground and it's in your hands to save one of the lives well i mean this is my job really uh i uh it actually it's kind of strange to say this but it is my favorite operation um to do i trained at a site that that fortunately was blessed to train at a site that did a lot of aortic work so i'm very comfortable around the aorta so i i wouldn't feel any more stress than i would with any any routine cardiac operation because i've just been trained to do it and how do you fix the tariff so uh there are many different ways uh but the way that we did it for for ken is you you excise the aorta that is torn you re-approximate the layers by suturing them usually with what i do is put a piece of felt inside the layers and suture it closed so that no blood can then go into that into that false lumen and then you basically the aorta that you've excised you have to replace it it's like plumbing you cut a piece of pipe out you put new pipe in so instead of pipe we used what we'll call a dacron tube graft it's a synthetic graft that we stitch hand stitch the proximal and the distal in and in his case because we had to do it with circulatory arrest we did a little bit more extensive work in what's called the aortic arch the aorta is split into the ascending the arch which looks like it looks like an arch and then descends down into the belly so we did a little bit of extensive work there to excise some of the tissue that was uh you know very torn up and put it back together like i said with a felt strip and and suture other questions anything we didn't ask that you'd like to say well um [Music] i think you know cardiac surgery especially for something like a type 8 dissection is really a team sport it is ems week so happy ems week to our ems responders who you know played a very critical role in in ken's story as well getting him uh uh expeditiously over to saint mary's for that team to recognize a cardiac surgery emergency even though it's not a cardiac surgery hospital was very astute and then getting a patient here where you know where i i truly believe we have the best heart surgery team in the county i'm sure everybody says that but i truly believe we do we do these kinds of operations all the time and then you know the surgery is just one aspect of it a lot of it is of course the post-operative recovery with our nursing staff our rehab nurses our nutritionists dietitians icu team so really it is a team sport it takes a village to get somebody like ken through something quite potentially calamitous see you next thursday there ken kenza really what's lost in all this is what a great guy is i mean he's such a great guy and you know it's it's nice after two years of really challenges in the world and and in healthcare specifically to have have a a save that involves so many different aspects from from you know being in the air being on the ground ems two different hospitals two different teams uh really nice to have a quite a positive story in what's been a challenging few years how many in-person follow-ups do you need to do with mr allen before you can go home well so he you know he's not too far away and he has my cell phone number so he knows how to get to me but um i i usually keep patients here for a couple of weeks before i let them travel back home being in south florida we do see patients that are on vacation that have acute cardiac surgery needs and i usually hold on to those patients that live say out of state or out of country for about a month before i let them travel

  Top Comments:
  1. @cayrick [1 likes]: Two miracles; a calm and collected non pilot and an injured pilot ended up with this doctor.
  2. @petekdemircioglu [1 likes]: 👏👏👏🍸🍸💚💜

- Frank D'Alesio: There Are Doctors & Pilots in Biker Gangs Who Pay $1M For A Patch (Part 5): Kind: captions Language: en Well, in 2002 was the Riverrun riot. >> Mhm. >> Were you part of that at all? >> Mm-m. >> No. >> But you were aware of it. >> Yes. We had guys there when all that was breaking bar. >> Okay. Hundreds of Hell's Angels and Mongols went at it in the casino. >> Right. When the dust settled, two Hell's Angels were dead, one Mongol was dead, and dozens and dozens of people were badly hurt, stabbed, and so forth, beat up. >> What was your take on that whole situation? >> Well, it was what? Well, it was the first time that anything, you know, broke out like that. I mean, in a major way, right? If you listen to what was said, you know, in in and how that was talked about, right? You know, the Hell's Angels were in another hotel. The Mongols were at their hotel where it took place. There were a few Hell's Angels in there. Well, I guess the police went up and notified at the Hell's Angels at their hotel that, hey, there's going to be a that's what kind of then all the Hell's Angels ran down there and and then it just erupted, right? Things like that shouldn't happen, but they do. I mean, it happened it happened up here in New York during a tattoo convention, >> right? Where the Hell's Angels in the in the in the uh pagans went at it inside the what was it? The the Hellrazer Ball or whatever it is, the tattoo the big tattoo uh convention that they have up here in New York. When things spill over like that, those are generally things that it's not a plan thing. So, they're not sitting there going, "Okay, when they show up, we're going to do this." Those those things are spontaneous just because those clubs hate each other and when a few guys start popping off then it then it blows out. It exponentially just blows up and you can't control anything like that. >> I mean when you look at you know the wars that happen between the different motorcycle gangs. So the Hell's Angels and the Mongols are probably the most famous two groups that have been going at it, right? But there's always beefs between different groups. >> Well, I would say that before the Mongols even came into the picture, the biggest rub was between the Hell's Angels and Outlaws. >> The Outlaws, right? >> And you know, for years, everybody had their territory was defined. Well, then the growth started to happen. And then the Outlaws made the first move and moved into New England. Then the Hell's Angels moved into Chicago. And that's when there was a lot of bloodletting during that time in the ' 80s, you know, and and if you listen to some people who talk within the clubs, you know, they're always saying it was the rival gang that was killing their members. There are some there's some that have espoused that some of the those clubs were cleaning house within their own club, making it so that the other club look, they were blaming the other club. >> They were killing off their own members >> because they needed they needed a clean house. They I don't have >> because what they were snitching and so forth >> just you know there's a there's power struggles people who want to be in charge people who want to be call you know the shot callers you know I don't know any of it to be true but when you're sitting down and you're talking to these guys over beers and drinks and they and they start to summize and you just listen to what they're saying some of it makes sense. I mean, where's the what's the easiest way to hide a a death of one of your members but by saying somebody else did it? Because a lot of those homicides went unsolved. >> Well, I mean, when you look at these gangs that are criminal organizations, >> they have actual leaders, right? >> They're all run differently, though. >> Okay. But there's generally a leader in every chapter. >> Yeah. Every every chapter or what the hell charters has president, >> right? So when you look at the presidents of all these clubs, they're all trying to make money, right? >> You would think. Yeah. >> And they understand that a murder is going to mess up the money because now you have a serious investigation. The feds might get involved. Everyone's looking at you. You're being surveiled. Your lines are being tapped. This is messing up the business. Like why constantly have these violent altercations when everyone ends up losing when this happens? >> Well, it goes back, you know, I mean it goes back to, you know, you if if you watch, you know, any of the mafia movie, yes, these wars are going to mess up business for a while, but that's the price we have to pay to get it right. Right. It's the same mentality because it because you got to understand the biker clubs, they're patterned after the mob with, you know, copos, lieutenants, and soldiers. I mean, it's the same hierarchy. It's just it's just run different. You know, >> most clubs, I will say, but not all club members, and not all clubs are criminal. like the only true one, you know, when Taco Boom was in charge of the outlaws, that was a that was a continuing criminal enterprise where he was bringing the coke in, it was being pushed down through the leadership to the members and they had to push money up. Well, he went to prison for life. But most clubs like the Hell's Angels will tell you, we don't have a defined leadership. Every charter is unto its own. We have east coast and west coast officers but no you know we follow rules and then you have world um every other club will have national officers that will dictate over you know the entire club but not every club is meant to like you're told when you come in you need to be a criminal. Most coming in are, but then you got the guys that come in that bring other things such as money, uh, skill sets. You see doctors, you see business people coming into these clubs. >> Well, you see doctor 1% biker gang membersh >> that are doctors, have medical degrees. >> I'm trying. >> They went through all that just to join a gang. Really? >> I know there were two pilots that pilots >> that flew for America West that were members out in Arizona. I can sort of see that it's a lot easier to become a pilot than a doctor. >> There were financial I don't know about doctors. Yeah, I don't know. But there were fighting. But let me tell you, do they have friendly do they have friendly people that are in that? >> Yeah. No, listen. I can be friends friends with gang members. I'm not going to be one. You know, I have gang member friends. I'm not going to >> Some of those See, the difference is some of those people will try to buy their patch. >> So, give you a million dollars. Give me the patch. >> Wait, how much? >> Oh, they've been offered millions of dollars. >> Millions of dollars for what kind of patch would >> like a Hell's Angels patch. >> You could buy a Hell's Angels. >> No, you cannot. You cannot. They don't care how much money you're going to give them. They won't because of what the other guys have to go through to get it, >> right? >> They're not going to sell their brand. They're not going to sell their patch. >> You've heard of someone offering a million dollar. >> There has been people that now, not personally, but when you talk to those guys, especially when we were out on the West Coast, they were talking about how some of these stars and stuff like that would be willing to pay up to a million dollars to get a patch. >> Okay. Now, there's always been black biker gangs. >> Ye. Yes, there has. >> 1% biker gangs. So, you have uh Outcast MC in Detroit. You got the chosen few in LA, Sin City Disciples out in Indiana. Thundercats. >> Thunderguard. >> Yep. I'm sorry. The Thunderguards. Is that Thunderat? >> Thundercats is a good card, too. Yeah. >> Thundercats go and uh Wheels of Soul. Yeah. >> Now, are any of these like major major gangs or they Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. >> So, I mean, those clubs aren't just where or gangs aren't just where you said like the Thundergard are huge presence on the East Coast and and expanded. They're they're allied their allies are big with the pagans. >> Okay. So, or they used to be. Yeah. But Outcasts are big. Outcast is probably one of the most violent white or black gangs around. I mean, we have where I live. Um, so they're all over. The thing is is their their rise has only been within like say the last 10 or 15 years where they've become substantial, you know, part of that community. But they tend to be, you know, a lot a lot more violent than than the white clubs in general as far as when it comes to shooting and assaults. What is a 3enter patch? >> A 3enter? >> Yeah. Have you heard of that? >> Yeah, those are those I think those are the gun rights guys or whatever. That has nothing to do with uh out motorcycle >> Got it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CalistaEclipse [34 likes]: This deserves way more views, really solid content
  2. @slender4 [8 likes]: I'm a black M.D., I'mma join the Crips and do a couple of drive bys as soon as I'm off rotation.
  3. @kennypeters7988 [5 likes]: vlad i know you from san mateo, even though you always say oakland, but how could you not mention EASTBAY DRAGONS????
  4. @DylanWidiner [3 likes]: Vlad is so fucking corny😂 Vlad's a goof
  5. @ChandoisGainesjr-fn9vr [1 likes]: Doc cavalso mongols mc. Was an X-ray 🩻 doctor. Your welcome Vlad. There's doctors lawyers brick mason cemet Mason Co contraction workers truckers etc bikers have jobs! It's not the 60s 70s 80s anymore. They have regular jobs like anyone else. Stop judging people. Biker news isn't for you stick to rap & gangsters.
  6. @yyyelo [1 likes]: 8:52 what a sneaky jew🤧
  7. @lawrencerossi531 [1 likes]: Im not in a MC but I can assure you this none of them like to be referred to as a Gang .Being labeled as a gang upps any charge to a felony a simple fist fight between gangs is more time  vs a small charge an bail out they say we're a MC a club a brother hood or just 1%er Nation but they don't play with the gang label trust me.
  8. @jorndoff2002: Why the fuck does Vlad keep using the “gang “ word?  There are no motorcycle gangs only motorcycle clubs😊
  9. @RatedFlyBizzy: Finally… start exploiting your own people! Good content
  10. @caper087: There are doctors and lawyers and everybody an anyone you could think of , there’s lots of ppl you wouldn’t know about that are connected
  11. @MAJ44: Dude looks like arie partner.  Lmao😂😂😂😂
  12. @312money77: Local Street gangs don’t think about being doctors etc
  13. @anonymousanonymous6796: Biker Gangs have an allure and mysticism associated with them that boomer republican white men fantasize as being. Even Trump likes the Hells Angels.
  14. @tetek8301: Get that shit right vlad. It’s THUNDERGUARDS MC.
  15. @PokemonHustlerGoat: For all you haters on hells angels oh they do bad. 

Heres what il say. I was 30 years old strung out hit being homeless while i was on drugs. 

I hit the street in my city. And right  away everyone thought i was a rat. Some of the gamg members thought i was a rat 

While they put a false green light on me. Well the bikers followed me around. I was afraid they would kill me 

But for whatever reason they gave me a chance. They ended up pushing me to a treatment center. They told me if i didnt get clean i would likly die. So they helpped me get into treatement gave me protection from these street gangs. They gave me a shot. And i never had any doors open for me in a long time. 

I ended up starting a bussiness in treatment. Sports cards and pokemon i got in right before the whole hobby popped 

Now i am 9 years clean. I havent messed up. I changed my whole life around. I help people i just am a diffrent person.

But if i dodnt get any of those doors opened to me. I would have been killed. 

So for everyone saying there bad or this or that. They helpped save my life. 

So yeah they follow there own agenda. They do what they want. I dont think there out to cause harm to anyone who doesnt deserve it 

The fact i am here still and i got a shot. Not many people would have given a addict anything. So i wamted to prove i am so much more.

So before you go putting these guys down. Think very hard about it.

There actually helping people. I wasnt even a part of the gang just some random. Now i do know a few memebers 1 i am very tight with now. Great friend of mine. But i would not be alive if it wasnt for them. 

Thats the god honest truth
  16. @PokemonHustlerGoat: Thefe was 81 likes when i liked for 82 

Whats 81? Why are those numbers important?
  17. @TripleOGWhyteLoc: 👀Kinda like Chris Brown, Soulja Boy and other artists that pay to be Piru, Blood, Crip, Hoover
  18. @Montgomery323: Damn man. I don't doubt it 😂
  19. @Rondel-p6n: More doctors then pilots!
  20. @user-nx9px1ov1v: According to  D'Alesio there are NOT doctors & pilots in 1% MC, because you can't buy your way in. Not even for $ 1 Mio

- Ep.135 Remote Rescues & Red Dust Runways. Meet RFDS Pilot Dave Rogers | The Flying Doctor Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en We interview people from across Australia in the footprint of more than 250 indigenous nations. We recognize and deeply respect our First Nations people, their heritage, cultural beliefs, and close relationship with the land on which we walk, drive, or fly over. This podcast has been made possible with the support of Isuzu Australia, a major national partner of the Royal Flying Doctor Service and also the sponsor of the Flying Doctor podcast series. [Music] It's amazing just the vastness of open country when you're driving out here until you get just you sort of sort of 10 minutes out of town. You literally am thinking where am I going? Am I going to get anywhere? Is there even a town here that people have promised me there is and then it's only kind of over the last couple of hills you start to see the town just emerge from nowhere. Just turn around as quickly as we can. That blood pressure is not coming up. I'm the pleasure. Is it a big property? Still breathing okay at the moment. Understood. Thank you. Put the stretcher back in. Shut the door. Off we go again. This is the Flying Doctor podcast and I'm your host Lana Howorth. Each week we fly to rural and remote communities across Australia and hear the stories of real life patients who've needed a call on the Royal Flying Doctor Service. Yeah. So, I'm Dave Rogers and I'm the senior base pilot out at the Broken Hill base of the Royal Flying Doctor Service Southeastern section. So, my role as well as doing all the same duties as our regular line pilots, I also am the supervisor of our team of pilots. I mean, there's a few extra bits and pieces that I get up to around the base and I'm sort of the contact point for the other departments as well. If they have any questions aviation wise and and of my team, they sort of come through me. All right. Well, let's go back to baby Dave and growing up. Where did you grow up and when did you first know that you wanted to become a pilot? Yeah. Yeah. Look, I grew up in Melbourne, which, you know, people from up here call me a bit of a Mexican sometimes and tease me about it, but look, I haven't lived in Melbourne for many years. Um, and look, as a kid, I'd always had an interest, I guess, in aviation. I probably, you know, some pilots say that, you know, as soon as they could take steps, they looked up at the sky and saw a plane and then they decided at that point that they wanted to be a pilot. I wouldn't say that was the case for me. As I said, I'd always had an interest, but probably didn't really know what I wanted to do through most of high school. And it was getting to sort of year 9 and 10 I think where you know your teachers were starting to encourage you to really think about where you wanted to go in life career-wise so you could tailor I guess your schooling towards that. Yeah. So as part of that process one of my teachers you know just suggested you know maybe aviation might be something I'd be interested in. And so I did a a trial flight sort of at that time and then really fell in love with it. And so yeah, from I guess late high school, that was probably the first point in my life where I said, "No, this is something I really want to do. This is a lot of fun." And so, yeah, I sort of went straight into it from there. For those mere mortals that haven't flown a plane or even been in a small aircraft, can you describe what a lot of people they say is an addiction once you once you start to fly? Yeah, look, yeah, it's probably it's probably an accurate description really. It is an addiction and and the longer you spend away from it. We were just talking before we jumped onto this that I've had a broken arm. So I've been away from flying for 6 weeks and you really start to miss it the longer you're away. So yeah. Yeah. Certainly when you when you have a taste of it for a lot of us it just it does become something you just want to keep doing. I I remember quite vividly the first flight I ever took in a light aircraft had my breath taken away by just the scenery, the different perspective. and you know we take it a bit for granted I guess being seeing it every day but it is it's truly a privilege to to work in the area that I do. It's it's a fantastic job. So when did you decide that once you got your wings once you knew this was what you wanted to do for a living that then you wanted to go to the RFDS and how did that all happen? A bit of backstory to that. I mean I got my commercial license in 2010. So I I did all my training in Victoria. I did a uni degree in aviation at the same time. And I mean any pilot would know sometimes finding that first job is the most difficult one. And you know there's there's people that you know will go remote and go north to Darwin or or you know far west sort of Queensland and and find sort of a station job or a charter flying job. I wanted to go down the instructing route which is another way to sort of get an entry- level job and and build experience. So I was privileged to get a job in country Victoria as a fly instructor. very junior as I said only had just got my license but they were really good to me and invested a lot of you know time and money in terms of me developing my skills so I started from I guess doing very basic initial training and then over the course of three or four years in that role you know started out in qualifications things like doing multi-engine training instrument training night training and then eventually I was also training instructors so training other people to teach students to fly and then I guess from there so I' I'd done that job for 4 years and and decided I needed a bit more diverse experience cuz you know in the training environment I guess you're limited in terms of some of the scenarios you'll expose your students too. So you know I didn't fly in a lot of bad weather and you know you'd go to generally pretty well-maintained airports just by nature of the environment of training and so I decided I needed to look further a field to broaden I guess my skill set. And so that that led me to to make an interesting move over to PNG up in New Guinea. And I spent the next three years, so this is from about 2015 to 2018, flying up in the highlands of PNG. And I was flying a single engine 8-seater aircraft. I mean, going into a lot of bush strips, a lot of these villages only had an airirstrip in terms of their access to the outside world. And that was a really stretching time, I guess, in terms of my professional skills. you know, exposed me obviously to a lot of remote area flying, but weather challenges in terms of the infrastructure over there aviation wise, it's there's really nothing compared to what we have here. Even in in remote areas of New South Wales where I'm working now, it was pretty pretty rugged and you were kind of more or less on your own in a lot of ways. You didn't have a lot of support in air traffic control instrument approaches. So, yeah, I really sort of I guess honed my skills having to work in that environment. So after that, I had a young family with me at the time and we decided we're ready back to come back to Australia. And so in 2019, we came back and we had our our fourth child when we got back into the country. And I picked up a job doing some more instructing just as an easy way to get back into things in Australia. And then, you know, I was thinking maybe I should go to an airline job. And then I'd done some interviews for that. And then CO hit, which was obviously an interesting time for everyone, particularly for those in the aviation industry. So when that happened, it became clear that the industry was going to grind to a halt, particularly airlines in terms of hiring. And I'd seen this job ad for the RFDS and I yeah, I put put my hat in the ring and to be honest, I didn't have high expectations of my chances given how many other pilots were around the place looking for work. But yeah, obviously obviously it went well given I'm I'm here 5 years later still working the job. And I'm so glad to be honest that I didn't go down the airline path. I think this is this is the best job you can get in aviation in terms of all that it brings and the variety. So that's a very long answer I guess Sophie in terms of how I ended up in the RFDS but it's hard to give a short answer I suppose but it's an answer that brings so many questions. The first one is how does your family and your you know family network cope with you doing this and particularly even that time in PNG. I mean there must have been a lot of worrying moments where they were like Dave Dave are you are you home yet? Where are you? Yeah. Yeah. No, I think it was very hard for my mom. In fact, the whole aviation journey has been stressful. I remember early days, even when I was training, she'd see a headline about some sort of aviation accident. She'd call me to make sure I was okay, even though I was nowhere near me. So, certainly there's risks to the job and, you know, PNG, as as I kind of touched on brought, you know, some interesting risks and unique risks and challenges flying over there. you kind of I mean you get used to it and I can't really I suppose speak on behalf of my wife but she's she's a pretty relaxed person which I think you probably have to be partnered up with someone like me. So yeah, she's she's found ways to manage and cope with that over the journey. And I think too when we talk about particularly RFDS pilots and and you know things like the recent TV series and lots of stories around the RFDS give the general public an impression that you know really you guys are the best of the best as far as gun pilots. But those extra challenges, they must add lots of dimensions and layers to what you do every day. You describe the air strips. I mean, paint us a bit of a picture about some of the air strips that you've had to to land on. As I said, I think my PNG experience has really set me up well for this role because even the worst of the air strips that I have to land on now, you know, are probably, you know, in the same category as some of the better ones I used to land on in PNG. So I'm kind of used to I guess you know different experiences I suppose but I mean the unique challenges we have here is you know again you're a long way from things like air traffic control. We don't have instrument approaches. You know some of our strips have lighting but in terms of the guidance to get us down to land you're on your own there. That's where you really have to draw on, I guess, your own experience and capacity as a pilot to be able to still safely operate without those extra supports that you might get in some bigger locations. But yeah, a lot of the people on property, you know, they're often doing flying themselves. So, they do have some knowledge, I guess, in terms of, you know, what what what an airirstrip should look like and the things that you should and shouldn't have around an airport. And so yeah, most most of the people that we work with are pretty good in in keeping on top of their airirst strips and and looking after us in that regard because obviously, you know, they they want us to be able to be there, you know, in their time of need and and we want to be able to get to them. So yeah. No, but and we're trained very well to be able to deal with that. You know, we do quite an extensive period of induction when you when you join the RFDS. And so we're well equipped to be able to you navigate any any situation that the the job throws at us. That's the other dimension that you know you talked about not only the air strips themselves the physical asset but then you don't get to pick when you get to land. You're not on a scheduled airline type route and often it's an emergency and often that can happen at you know at night and in dangerous situations and possibly even in you know unpredictable weather. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. No, and look, in my experience, a lot of these, you know, incidents and accidents do happen at the worst times of the day, late in the day or in the middle of the night. But look, it's all part of the job. And as I said, we're trained to really be able to deal with that. Certainly, one of the challenges, I guess, working aeromedical that, you know, and in our context, remote, you need to learn to be able to deal with that pressure. Obviously, you you're time critical in what you're doing. you're wanting to get there as as soon as possible, but you also you still have your list of things that you need to cover and you need to plan for before you can get going. And you get more efficient as you go along and and yeah, our training sets us up really well to be able to function in that high pressure environment. And we've got a great team around us in in operations and also our doctors and nurses are really fantastic, you know, which when you're new to the organization as a pilot, it's it's it's really funny actually how helpful your nurses can be in terms of, you know, what you're doing as a pilot because, you know, some of our nurses have been around for 10 20 years and so they've seen just about everything. So even though it's not necessarily their skill set, they they guide us and you know, we do the same for for new nurses and new doctors. we tend to be able to assist them with their, you know, their sort of field when they're still getting used to things. And if we talk about your career so far and as you mentioned, you know, co was really the the time when you joined the RFDS, but in that time or even during your time in PNG, have you had some close calls where you've really found, you know, that lump in your throat and you you're kind of wondering what the the end result's going to be? The nature of aviation is, you know, it is it is a risky business. And so, you know, every pilot sort of will have, you know, their own experiences, I guess, along the way and and challenges and moments where they goof, I'm glad that, you know, ended ended well. Yeah. I mean there's there's you know I could I could probably spend hours telling you stories but a few that sort of come to mind you know I remember in PNG as I said the air strips over there were pretty rough generally and we often had a lot of issues with because it's so wet up there you know we might have plenty of length and the surface might be good during dry weather but as soon as you got some wet weather it had really bogged down and I was operating into one of these air strips one time and I'd landed successfully offloaded you know all the passengers and freight that I had to to drop off and then was about to depart with the ones that were coming back on the return leg. And I'd done all my figures and calculations and I'd factored in, you know, a certain amount of, you know, payload reduction based on how I felt the surface was. But I just remember during the takeoff, I'd hit a few patches of wet water and yeah, I just remember sort of heart rising to the throat thinking, am I going to get off the ground here? And obviously, you know, it all all resulted well. But the challenge with PNG in particular, a lot of the strips, you know, might have only been sort of four or 500 meters long with which if if you're a pilot, you know, that's really short. And and often they had significant amounts of slope. Some of the strips I'd land at were sort of 10% or upwards in terms of slope. And so as a result of that, you'd often take off and land in only one direction. So you you'd land uphill and then take off downhill. And what what that meant given the short nature and the steepness of some of the strips basically a lot of the time once you started your takeoff you were you were going one way or another. And so yeah in that moment taking off on this sort of bogggy wet strip I was I was past the point I guess of stopping. So it really was a heart in your mouth. Okay I hope this works out and thankfully obviously it did. got off got off fine and and cleared the trees at the other end. And yeah, but yeah, you have moments like that that that certainly stick with you and you learn from each of them and you know, think of what you might have been able to do better next time. Have you seen any of our seven large RFDS flight simulators as they move around Australia attending school, community or field days? Each is being towed by an Isuzu D-Max ute or Mux SUV, courtesy of Isuzu ute Australia. Reliable vehicles are imperative in the harsh Australian outback. And the Isuzu D-Max and Mux vehicles are the perfect match for the long-distance heavy towing demands of these simulators right across Australia. And in terms of the importance of what you do now and and also that sense of purpose that you have in your role with the RFDS at the moment, can you share some stories with us about those those patient retrievalss that have really stayed with you? Obviously, without revealing any patient confidentiality, but those ones that have really kind of reminded you of how important your job is. Yeah. Yeah. Look, I mean, it's it's certainly a big part of what appealed to me about the job when I, you know, started looking into it. I've I've always tried to find roles, I guess, that, you know, obviously challenge me professionally in terms of my piloting skills, but also, you know, bring me a level of fulfillment, I guess, in terms of the actual work I'm doing. And so, you know, the role I did in PNG, you know, ticks a lot of those boxes in terms of being able to support, you know, an isolated community there. And I see, you know, similarities, I guess, to the work I do out here in that. And I got a huge amount amount of respect for people that live on the land in in these parts of the country. And you know, even just driving out to Broken Hill for the first time, cuz when I got the job, I had never been to Broken Hill. And literally, I was driving into town for the very first time, you know, moving here. And co was part of the reasoning behind that. It was going to be really difficult for me to go and have a look beforehand. But you just got such and anyone who's driven out to Broken Hill would be able to relate to this, but you it's amazing just the vastness of open country when you're driving out here. And it's you almost until you get just you sort of sort of 10 minutes out of town, you literally am thinking where am I going? Am I going to get anywhere? Is there even a town here that people have promised me there is? And then it's only kind of over the last couple of hills you start to see the town just emerge from nowhere. Why I say that is because it really paints the picture of how vast the distances are and how important I guess our work in the RFDS is. There's so much time that it would take for people to travel if they had to go into a big city were it not for us. And so you really see I guess how critical we are in the lives of people to be able to live out here is that we are that safety net and we are that link. But in terms of I guess a specific job or retrieval that's that stuck with me. One I often talk about was my very first night shift on my own. So I talked about how we do you know quite an extensive induction and training period. And so I did probably 120 hours I think of flying with a supervisory or check pilot sitting next to me. That gives you plenty of time to settle into the job. Obviously at the beginning you're learning the aircraft. You're learning to fly within the operation the way that the RFDS wants to fly. But beyond that there's a lot to learn in terms of you know I'm a pilot. I don't work in the healthcare industry. So there's a lot of that side that you need to get introduced to and learn to manage and deal with. And so yeah, I I'd sort of come out of this this long period of of supervised flying and I was sitting at home and I was about to go to bed on my first night shift. We we signed on at 7:00 and I think this was about 10 or 11:00 at night and phone hadn't rang and so I remember I was literally getting changed getting ready to go to bed and the phone rang and my wife's like, "Ah, looks like you're going somewhere." And then literally the first thing they told me was that there was an explosion up at a pub in Tibborara. And so, you know, my mind starts racing from there, thinking, gee, wow, okay, you know, that it's bad. And and that was still in the very early stages, I think, of of working out, you know, how many injured there might be, what exactly, you know, we were going to face when we got there. But I just knew, I guess, when that call came in that I was going to have to move quickly. And so, I jumped back in my my work clothes and drove out to the airport. And as as we sort of were getting ready, more details were coming in. And you know, typically when we respond to a retrieval, it's it's usual you only have one patient. Sometimes you'll have multiple if it's things like a motor vehicle accident. But what what had happened was we we got told that there was certainly three potentially more trauma patients that we were going to have to to manage, which we can only take two on our planes. And so we knew right at that point that this was going to need probably more sets of hands than we typically would take. So beyond our normal complement of pilot, nurse and doctor, we made the call to bring in the dayshift pilot who were just sort of signing off from work and the dayshift nurse and dayshift doctor to come along for the ride as well. And adding to so I'm I'm sort of crunching all these numbers and this is you know to be to be honest a little bit stressful being the first one where I'm on my own and I'm dealing with this very complex scenario that I hadn't encountered yet. I'd been to Tibber, but I think I'd only been there during the day. Hadn't been there at night. And here I am sort of trying to manage this situation all on my own. And then to to make it more complicated, got a call from the doctor saying that they'd had the fire brigade on the phone and they were wondering whether they could jump on board to head up because three of the injured were actually people that were fighting the fire. So, I mean, to cut a long story short, I guess. So, we ended up jumping in into the plane. We had my nurse, our doctor. We also had the day nurse, the day doctor. And we got up there and if you know Timber, the health service up there, there are some amazing people up there that manage that facility. Basically, we got up there and and the ladies up there had pretty much turned it into a trauma center. But our doctor and nurse got straight into work and got working on the first two most critical patients who we were able to fly out. Literally, we were taking off, I think, after working all night just on sunrise out of Tibber. And then our day crew were able to go back and and collect the third patient who needed to go to Adelaide the following day. But look, that that one will probably always stick with me just because I guess as thorough as my training and induction had been, that really I guess required every ounce of skill and knowledge and experience that I'd developed in that short space of time. And yeah, it was a really satisfying feeling taking off literally looking at the sun and thinking, "Wow, we we were able to get here um when they needed us and we were able to get the job done in spite of a lot of different challenges that were thrown at us." And I understand as well in that particular scenario, there was, you know, lots of community connections, lots of people knew lots of people, and obviously the whole town heard about it pretty quickly what was going on. Everybody was incredibly worried. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, when when I when we got to the bar, the they were still trying to put out the fire. I remember the the doctor and nurse had gone straight into the clinic and the lady from the the the general store who who' helped with the transport from the airport took me out to where the pub was. And so I remember standing in the main street, you know, watching them still running their hoses over the pub. And as you say, these small communities, they're so tight-knit. Everyone knows each other. So there's always a personal connection. But it's it is really amazing how people just they band together in these moments. We're we're so grateful for the support, you know, whether it's transport to and from the the airirstrip, there's always people around just to help out and chip in and it's a real privilege to have that supporting us when we when we go to work. Hey, thanks for listening to this episode and thanks again to our sponsor and major national partner Isuzu Ute Australia. Isuzu is committed to supporting the communities in which the RFDS operates. To learn more, search Isuzu online. Have you had other cases or scenarios where literally you being there, you being able to land, you being able to collect a patient has, you know, obviously made the difference between life and death that the time taken would have just been impossible had it been on, you know, by a car or any other form of transport. Definitely there would be yeah plenty of incidents where will we not be able to get there you know with the use of our aircraft the other means and options for people just wouldn't have been sufficient they would be the difference you know potentially between life and death but also potentially between you know worse outcomes for them in terms of you know whether it's an ability to walk or or use an arm again any any you know trauma incident time is key and so us getting there quickly with the use of our aircraft often you know is is a significant difference in terms of the patient outcomes. Yeah, for sure. And I wonder too, Dave, living in this community of Broken Hill, I've only been here a little while and and I can't believe how close-knit it is, but also just how, you know, everybody cares about what's going on in the broader community. I I bet you regularly run into people that perhaps you've assisted or helped in recent years. Yeah, you do. You do, which is great. It's it's really nice. And it's it's funny, you know, any any small town sort of has, you know, a communications network. And I remember it was funny when I was new to town. The amount of people I'd bump in that I had no idea who they were but they knew I was the new pilot in town. And so yeah, there there is sort of a you know an underground network I think of communication. Everyone does know what's going on and you know things get shared around pretty quickly word of mouth. But it is it's it's an amazing community to be a part of and as I said I'd never been to Broken Hill before. I I took on this job. But we we just so enjoy being a part of the community here and then that's you know beyond just the workplace. I work with an incredible group of people just here at the RFDS. But even beyond that in the community I think probably because of the extra isolation we have out here. It does tend to, I guess, you know, encourage those deeper connections and friendships because we've just got each other whether we like it or not. It's that's that's all we've got. So, yeah, it's it's a really vibrant and close-knit community and and it's great great to work and and and live and and play out here. And where to from here? Can you see yourself doing this for a long time into the future? Have you got new adventures on the horizon? Yeah, look, I mean, it's funny because I'm I'm almost 5 years. In a couple of months, I will have been in this job five years. And that's they're probably longer to be honest than I expected to be out here. But I guess it's a testament to how much I enjoy the job. But also beyond that, how much we enjoy living out here in Broken Hill. So in terms of what's next, I think for us, we've got we've got four kids and our oldest is just getting to high school. And that's that's probably a point in time where we're thinking, you know, what options do we have for them in terms of their, you know, secondary education and, you know, beyond that higher education. But yeah, look, if if there was, you know, some really good high schools and and more opportunities there, we could probably stay in Broken Hill forever. Like the job's that good. The community, we love living out here. It's really the only reason we're, you know, maybe in a few years thinking we might look at something else is is purely just yeah, the education side and and thinking of prospects for our kids, but it's it's such a great place to live and work, but beyond that, there's there's not a whole lot of reason for us to want to move on. Has working for the RFDS, particularly in Broken Hill and within this community, taught you some new lessons in life, taught given you a bit of a different perspective on things? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, there's look, there's lots of unique, I guess, things about living living remotely and and you know, I say that with with kind of a bit of a giggle because there's people that that live a lot more remote than me. You know, living in a town of 18,000 people here in Broken Hill, you know, people on property, they're they're living remote. I don't really feel like I do. But yeah, no, there's interesting interesting differences that life out here brings. It's it's a funny one in Broken Hill that no one really throws out anything. You kind of get used to being very resourceful. And so a lot of people, we've got a lot of real estate in Broken Hill, big open, you know, properties and blocks of land. So you'll often see people that are just collecting cars and all sorts of scrap metal. And I've found myself starting to do that as well. Like, you know, I'll be pulling down an old fence and I'll go, "Oh, maybe I'll use this tin again." and so it'll just get stacked up in the corner. So, I feel like that's the Broken Hill sort of rubbing off on me. You just Yeah, you kind of you just get used to being a little bit more resourceful, I think, living out somewhere like this. And the other thing I love about Broken Hill is you get a bit of a science lesson, too, with all the street names because they're all minerals. All the minerals and elements. It's great. Yeah. No, it is it is. Yeah. It's almost like looking looking through the periodic table driving around. Chuck a left at Oxide Street. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. And Dave, finally, what advice would you give to any other, you know, young people out there, particularly those in rural and remote Australia who maybe are dreaming of one day flying themselves? What sort of advice would you like to give them? Yeah, look, I would say go for it. Like, it's, you know, you you've probably caught on, I guess, through this this short interview that it's it's such a passion of mine, as any pilot, you know, who who has the privilege of of working as a pilot would say, it's a really real privilege to be in the job. So if it's something that someone is aspiring to do, I would say it's so worth the, you know, maybe the extra effort and expense that it takes to become a pilot, but the reward at the other end is just so fantastic. And it's it's a job that will get you to some amazing places, to see some amazing sites and scenery. I couldn't see myself doing any other job. And so it is it is hard work. I'm not going to lie. and and it takes a lot of drive and persistence particularly sometimes trying to find you know someone who will give you or take a risk on you with that first job. But yeah, the reward of of you know being able to work in in the in the industry as a career is is just well worth any extra effort that it takes to get here. You know that saying that doctors make the worst patients. I'm curious to how do pilots go when they get onto a commercial airline, particularly now that you know you that could have been you up the front in that cockpit, but it's not. And when you get on there as a passenger, how does that go? Oh, yeah. I mean, maybe it's a bit of my personality, but I think most pilots, we we tend to try and pretend that we're not pilots. There's that saying that, you know, every man feels like if it ever came to it that they'd be able to jump up the front and land a plane if required. Certainly you're you're kind of I guess a little bit analyzing what's going on behind the scenes and and that but yeah you're not you're not sort of putting yourself out there or highlight the fact that you you might be more in the know than others. Well I I think a few of us have probably been on a plane at some point where the you know the call outs come across the the speaker is there a doctor on the plane? But if anybody ever hears the announcement is there a pilot on the plane? Should we be worried? I probably won't put my hand up straight away. I'll look around to see if there's anyone else that volunteers and then maybe if no one else does, I'll put my hand up. Well, Dave, I've got to say if I was being rescued by the RFDS anytime soon, I' I'd hope that you're in the pilot seat. So, thanks very much talking to this flying doctor today. Yeah, happy to. Thanks so much for listening. If you enjoyed this episode, please share it with family and friends and subscribe and follow and then you'll never miss the next adventure. For all the details on how you can share your story with us, join our Facebook group and donate to the Royal Flying Doctor Service. Check out the show notes for details. The Flying Doctor podcast is recorded on Nana Land. It's produced by Sophie Campbell, edited by Mandy Coolen, and I'm your host, Lana Howeth. Catch you next time. With over 120 episodes, you can listen to more incredible Flying Doctor outback adventures whenever you like. New episodes are released every week, so tune in next time to hear another unmissable Australian story. This is the Flying Doctor podcast.

- Unique Pilot Program to Reverse Hearing Loss: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back on this monday we are going to turn our attention to your health especially hearing loss i recently spoke with a doctor in san antonio texas about these new clinical trials and some new treatment options for people who struggle with hearing loss let's take a look i can hear you but i can't understand you that's a complaint heard from millions of americans because hearing loss is on the rise and a growing body of evidence shows that this has implications for our overall help many of us assume that hearing loss is just a natural part of aging in fact it is a public health problem that spans all age groups however there are currently clinical trials underway where patients can receive a potential new therapy that could actually reverse hearing loss joining us now to discuss this latest development is dr susan king co-founder of the air medical group in san antonio and a professor in the department of otolarynology at university of texas health science center dr king thanks for being here how are you i'm fine thank you so much for having me so just to start how big of an issue is hearing loss and why is it so important for people to seek treatment so 40 million americans suffer from hearing loss and you're absolutely right it has to do not just with aging but it has to do with uh being living in a noisy environment and an industrial society it affects all age ranges and hearing loss affects the individual their family and society in general individuals can have milder forms of hearing loss where they struggle socially such as in a restaurant and they retreat and don't stay in the conversation or with more severe forms of hearing loss it can lead to depression social isolation and even cognitive problems such as thinking ability problems or short-term memory problems and in my clinic i see people every day with hearing loss and unfortunately people wait a long time usually about seven to ten years to have their hearing loss addressed before they come to get evaluated and i think one of the reasons they do this is that we don't have the perfect solution for hearing loss we have devices such as hearing aids or cochlear implants which do a really good job bringing volume or giving someone sound but they don't have the the best ability to understand words and that is called speech perception and that is the number one unmet need we have right now is to find something to help with speech perception and that's why it's so exciting that we're doing this clinical trial to test a drug that is a potential drug to restore hearing by restoring sensory cells of hearing which do aid in helping speech perception now this is a huge challenge for many and we understand that you are part of a study that aims to potentially restore hearing tell me more about that so my clinic in san antonio as well as more than 25 clinics throughout the country and in fact there's one in salt lake city we are studying a drug candidate that may in fact go very um go a long way to helping hearing be restored by regrowing the sensory cells of hearing we're looking at a specific group of patients they are patients with noise-induced hearing loss or a history of sudden hearing loss which is a unexplained sudden loss of hearing that doesn't return they are going to be um given this drug candidate and then we'll be measuring their speech i've been involved in several of the clinical trials with this same drug candidate and in these trials we've seen with a single dose of the study product that some people have improved their speech perceptions significantly and some have even nearly doubled their ability in terms of speech perception and we think that's really pretty incredible because these are patients that came in with stable hearing loss that had been long term so they really didn't have any other good reason to spontaneously get better and i also had the opportunity to bring some of these people that responded back one to two years later and some had shown a that they maintained that improved speech perception ability which is really incredible when you think about it after one dose of a drug product tell me a little more about it how is it given to patients and what does it do so the drug candidate is called fx-322 and it is instilled in a patient's middle ear as a gel and it travels into the inner ear where it stimulates cells that are already in your inner ear to become sensory cells of hearing it's performed by an ear nose and throat surgeon in an in an office setting and it's very very well tolerated what else should we know about this new therapy and how safe is it it's been studied in five different clinical trials 200 patients have been treated with this study product and to date there's a favorable safety profile and again it's very well tolerated what can you tell us about where the clinical trials are taking place and how people can get involved i know you mentioned that there's a way hopefully you can get involved right here in salt lake city right there so there's a website called clarahealth.com and it's clara health.com and if you search for hearing loss study or fx322 you'll be directed to some information to enroll if you are interested and where can we get more information about this um through the website and i do want to say that we are looking for subjects that are 18 to 65 with the conditions of noise induced hearing loss and sudden hearing loss and again the website is clara health.com and search for hearing loss studies or fx 322 well thank you so much dr king for joining us today really appreciate this important information for those who have hearing loss and treatment thanks so much for your time thank you for having me you

  Top Comments:
  1. @iTruelydgaf [1 likes]: She doesn’t mention that the gel is injected through the ear drum lol….also Fx322 failed,that’s why they have Fx345
  2. @iluvj50 [1 likes]: Update?
  3. @hamzakachwala3196: Any update?
  4. @arthurorum9291: Ototoxic  drugs like viagra cause it- antibiotics can cause it  - drug companies  are responsible for a lot of it!!!
  5. @sajidrafique375: Nothing will help me because mine is longstanding loss  and i am 68 now ... I Will keep a grudge against god.
  6. @greg1030: Frequency Therapeutics, Decibel Therapeutics, Otonomy, Massachusetts Eye & Ear, and the Hough Ear Institute in Oklahoma are the leading biotechs and clinics pursuing stem cell and/or genetic based cures for the most common forms of hearing loss. FT's last human trials failed possibly due to trial methodology errors. But overall they are all either stalling for strategic marketing reasons or truly are too underfunded to expedite R & D processes fast enough to release cures any time soon.
  7. @Explorewithme-wb9yn: I am a researcher in herbs and alternative medicine residing in America. I have discovered a natural treatment for hearing loss that improves hearing. I need someone trustworthy. We work on this treatment. It will be a profitable project for us. We will try the treatment and you will be surprised by the results, God willing, provided that the eardrums are intact and not perforated.  I was interested answer me at the same address, thank you very much.
  8. @MOHDJAVED-ti1lu: I am from India my baby is 3 years old she is deaf from birth 
Can she hear from any drug ? 
She is 90% hearing loos 
She is on hearing aids

- Why Should Your Office Get a Pilot Laser: Kind: captions Language: en introducing the pilot diode laser the most affordable high-powered class for medical laser in the industry designed and engineered for therapeutic treatment the FDA cleared pilot diode laser has been used to treat patients recovering from surgery to help reduce debilitating pain and to help patients heal faster from injuries utilizing state-of-the-art photo bio stimulation the pilot diode laser stimulates tissues at the cellular level and with a QuickStart easy-to-use format and simple touch of the finger settings the pilot laser gives you the advantage of performing a broad spectrum of treatment options in faster procedure times as the most affordable high-powered class for laser on the market the pilot diode laser stomps out competitors prices by two to four times no other laser will produce a faster return on your investment with the highest quality in design and manufacture an unmatched ease of use and at an incredible price the pilot diode laser leaves the competition trailing in the dust test drive one today we promise the pilot laser will deliver easier faster and better use and results for your practice in fact we're so confident you'll love using the pilot diode laser we guarantee it if within the first 30 days you're not completely satisfied with your new pilot diode laser simply return it for a full refund to order yours today call 877 two three six four four zero four

  Top Comments:
  1. @googleisamassmindcontrolop1915: Bullshit.
  2. @Prohealthcareproducts: Shop here http://www.prohealthcareproducts.com/pilot-laser-therapy-machine/

- Doctors, Teachers, engineers and Pilots in the making: Kind: captions Language: en how are you what is your favorite meal what is your favorite spot do you love your school do you love astoria what do you wanted to be in teachers [Music] oh hello my name is helen yoka i am in fifa class i want to become a doctor hello my name is sabrine i'm paying for killers i want to become a doctor hello my name is i am mp2 i want to become a teacher hello my name is i am in fifa class i want to become a pilot

- Things No One tell you about being a Pilot | Watch This Before You Become a Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone sees the uniform, the wing, the views from 30,000 ft, but no one talks about this. These are some of the brutal truths that nobody tells you about. Here's 15 things no one tells you about being a pilot. Let's talk about it. You'll question yourself a lot. Did I make the right choice? Am I good enough? Can I really do this? There will be days when you mess up. There will be days when you feel like you're not enough. Days where you feel like everybody else is ahead of you. Days when your confident absolutely tinks. Imposttor syndrome does not skip pilots. In fact, it is one of our best friends. But here's what no one tells you. Even the best doubt themselves. So you are not alone in this. Do not feel like you are not enough. What matters is how you respond. You get up, debrief yourself, and keep moving ahead. That's the making of a real pilot. Your training never stops. You think you're dead after you pass your check ride? Think again. Recurrency sims, maneuvers, validation, emergency drills, and re-qualification exams. Your training never ends. You're constantly being evaluated, refreshed, and retested. But it's actually a good thing. Wouldn't you rather be safer by doing all these tests than be complacent and get hurt and hurt other people in the process? So these are extremely important and also help you stay on top of it because the day you stop learning, you're not just a pilot, you are a liability in the sky. Before we get into the most brutal truth of this video, I wanted to address a question that I keep getting very often. How to become a commercial pilot in the US if you are an international student. If you want to go from where you are today to becoming a commercial airline pilot in the US, I'm going to be hosting a webinar to tell you exactly how to do it because it is possible. I was where you are just a couple years ago and today I'm a commercial airline pilot in the US. If you want to find out how to do this, how much it costs, the hidden costs that nobody tells you about, the visa processes, what kind of flight schools to look for, and a step-by-step guide on how to go from where you are today, to becoming a commercial airline pilot, either in the US or in your own country. This is going to be the most comprehensive, best career tip that you will ever receive. Check out the link in the description to join the weight list for the webinar. Now, let's move on to the most difficult and hardest truth about being a pilot that nobody tells you. Loneliness hits different at 3:00 a.m. There's a kind of silence in hotel rooms that echoes when your body clock is flipped, your friends are asleep, and the only thing keeping you company is the buzz of the mini fridge in the corner. Yes, you're surrounded by people all day, but sometimes flying can feel isolating. You'll crave real connection, the kind that you have with friends and family, but you can't have because you're always gone. And in those quiet hours, you come face to face with yourself. Sometimes that can be powerful. Other times, it can be revealing of who you really are and what you're missing out. Being a pilot will test you mentally, emotionally, and financially. Flight school is expensive. We all know that. Airline upgrades aren't always linear. It doesn't always work out the way you plan. Schedules are brutal and the mental load heavy heavy. You'll cry. You'll doubt yourself. You'll burn out. And hopefully, you'll bounce back up, too. Each time that happens, you only become stronger, sharper, wiser. Because the ones who make it here are not the smartest ones or the richest ones. The ones who make it here are simply the ones that do not quit. You'll miss important moments. Birthdays, anniversaries, weddings. You might miss them all. You'll send I miss you texts from hotel rooms, FaceTime into family dinners, and watch life milestones just pass you by while you're in a city that you didn't even want to be in the first place. No one tells you that while you're chasing clouds in the sky, life on the ground moves on with or without you. You learn to be present in the absence. You learn to love from afar, to show up in small but meaningful ways, and most importantly to forgive yourself for the moments that you're not there for. But nonetheless, the sacrifice stings, especially when it's your niece's first steps, and you are missing it because you're in a city you didn't even want to be in the first place. Layovers aren't vacations. Yes, you can see new places, but not always. Sometimes the only sightseeing you get is the trip from the airport to the hotel in the crew van. Sometimes your layover is a 4-hour nap and a soggy sandwich that you have to grab on the go to not be late for your flight. It's not all glamorous like you see on your curated Instagram feed. But if you're intentional, you can definitely carve out little pockets of joy in every little trip you make and find ways to enjoy it and find moments of happiness in it. It just takes effort and willingness to make the most out of your small layover or a long labor, whatever you're getting. Your circle will shrink. You can't text your friends as much. People will stop inviting you to things, assuming you won't be around. Some might even resent your lifestyle, your schedule, and the fact that you're always somewhere else. But here's the bright side. The ones who stay are your people. It will show you who your girlfriends are and who really matter and who will stick with you till the end. Your circle might get smaller, but it will also get stronger, tougher, built on truth, not convenience. Relationships get tested. Romantic platonic family, this job, it stretches them all. You learn the value of trust, of setting expectations, of small gestures that show them that you care. Because being gone doesn't mean being distant, but it does mean working harder to stay connected. The ones who get it, they'll stay. The ones that don't, they'll drift away. Unfortunately, that's the reality of this job. You will never look at the sky the same way. Clouds are no longer just puffy little things. They become stories and a magnifying glass to what lays ahead. Because the sky becomes a second language, the one only pilots speak fluently. And even on the toughest days, you get to see views out of your office window that most people will never get to see in their entire lives. Views that I cannot put into words to explain just how beautiful they are and I cannot capture. So they forever live in my memories and mine alone. And I cannot show anybody just how beautiful this world is. You learn how to stay calm when everything is chaotic. When an engine alert pops up. When ATC reroutes you last minute. When you're flying into weather and every passenger is gripping their armrest. Your job is to be the calmst person in the room. Well, in the sky. It's not just about controlling the aircraft. It's about controlling your mind. Calm is powerful and it can save lives. Flight school isn't glamorous. You'll fly old, beat up planes in weird weather and with no air conditioning. There will be days with backto-back lessons, sweaty headsets, engine run-ups in the blazing sun, and debriefs that'll leave your ego extremely bruised. But one day when you look back, you'll miss it. The purity of chasing your wings, the passion you had that brought you to this point. So at the end of the day, it is all worth it. Weather will be your best friend and your worst enemy. It's your constant companion. You learn how to read mears and taps and all the gibberish of letters and numbers and combinations will actually start making sense. And sometimes it'll betray you. Out of nowhere, storms will shift and things that you didn't expect to happen will happen. And it might force you to divert, cancel, or delay flights. It humbles you. It reminds you even though you can read all this, have an amazing airplane, nature holds all the power. You'll feel behind even when you're not. Everyone has an opinion on your timeline. You'll see your classmates get jobs before you do. Friends hitting milestones when you are stuck in the same spot. But aviation is not linear. It doesn't always work the same way. Some paths are slower. Some paths are more windy. Some paths are just different. But none of them are wrong. As long as you're moving forward, even if it is one knot at a time, you're not behind. You are making progress and you are moving ahead. The job market isn't always fair. You could do everything right and still miss out and get skipped on a job opportunity. Timing, company politics, economy, and let's not forget the pandemic. Everything can change what is going to happen. It is not always about talent. A lot of time it's simply about timing and that can hurt. But it also teaches you resilience. It teaches you to stay ready so you don't have to get ready when the door finally opens and the opportunity arrives. Number 15 is you'll fall in love with it all over again. After all the hard days, even after the missed birthdays, bad sim session, and lonely nights in hotel rooms in unfamiliar cities, there will be moments, quiet, breathtaking moments when you remember exactly why you picked this job and why you love this job. Watching the sunrise through the flight deck window never gets old. The soft tud of the wheels after you absolutely grease a landing. Such an exhilarating feeling. The look on a little kid's face when you walk by or they see you through the flight deck door and they're just waving at you. That is why you're here. That is the feeling that this job inspires and you'll fall in love again and again and again because flying is hard and it's challenging, but it's also nothing short of magic. If you're still watching this video, maybe this job is for you. Because despite knowing the brutal truths that nobody tells you, if you're still here, maybe you have that resilience in you, the I don't quit attitude that is required to succeed in this job. So, keep going. We'll see you in the sky. Which of these facts surprise you the most? Let me know in the comments below. And I'll see you in my next video. Until then, signing off, Lightning Girl. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LightninGirl [41 likes]: Join the WEBINAR ✈ https://www.joinavion.com/webinar

A complete Roadmap from 0 hours to Airline Pilot for international students! Are you ready to let your dreams take off?
  2. @SaidaRahma-u7e [3 likes]: Im a 17 year old girl from Ghana , i recently had interest in being a pilot and im writing my final exams in high school next year , i really want to pursue piloting , i know nothing but i have a great feeling that , with hardwork and a little disciplain and of course my lord,  inshallah i can make it .
I need your help with everything,  i wanted to join your webinar but i couldnt get access to it .
I hope you reply , cause im desperate and im willing to sacrifice everything. 
Yes the truth about being a pilot is brutal.  I want to experience it , all of it .
And like you said , its all worth it .
I really needed this video , thanks😊
  3. @ChandanaPadmavathi [2 likes]: About job opportunity is very less are selected
  4. @MartaWako [2 likes]: Am 14 turning 15 on may 20 2026 also a girl and my dream is to be a pilot and i admier u alot  i want you posting more stuff like this tnx
  5. @realmayabini [1 likes]: Hi you are my inspiration. Can you plz make a video about Pilots height, weight requirements? Take love❤❤
  6. @ShahzaibKhurram-l8m: I'm gonna be starting my CPL study journey soon. Wish me luck.
  7. @user_263cj79sjx: i knew learning gibberish would be hard but i didn’t even fully recognize just how impactful the mental toll would be of isolation 😓😓
  8. @Jyotika-h5t: Hello now I am in grade 9 not good in ict could you guide me please 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  9. @hofahofa3627: 10 minutes of listening to you changed a lot of thoughts , thank you and keep going
  10. @lobbyrobby: This was a wonderful video
  11. @michaelallen1396: I'm line maintenance for 35 years, being a pilot is real tough on women, most of the ones I've met are old and childless, it's a miserable lifestyle that pays really really well.
  12. @user-kf9sb6xi7q: stupidest video ever.. pure show off and woke
  13. @khushifunshow: I don't know about the struggles❤
But this video just made me love aviation even more ❤
I'm an 14 year old 
Confused... Stuck... Not sure about any path actually
Maths is the one thing that is on the path of aviation for me
And i don't want to take maths in 11 and 12 
I'll be doing it through open schooling after 12th that might slow me down 
But i want to dedicate all my time to physics...
Chemistry is mandatory too so yeah.. and doing maths on top will just make me procrastinate and end up with nothing 
I enjoy creative paths as well 
But planes fascinate me a lot ❤
  14. @MimimmasK: wow thank u  so mach i see the thing no one tell me about it me i am 16 and i want to learn a pilot and now i am learning a a pilot now i am in hight school thank you so mach your good word
  15. @737copilot: I was a copilot for 6 years (from jan 2020 to dec 20025), in december I quit commercial aviation. I couldn't bear the loliness, hotels, shitty rosters and odd working hours anymore. 
Maybe i'll come back, but not in a near future.
  16. @praptilondhe10221: What is height limit?? Plz tell
  17. @utkarsh_yadavx: Is pilot is a risky job means secure or not means airline jb merji nikal de ?????
  18. @Bhrigu-y4y: Pilot fees is so high 
I can't afford 😞 what I do ?
  19. @davidg.4053: I'm a french 16 year old with dreams to become an airline pilot via the ENAC which seems to be the best european state sponsored school in europe and eventually join Air France, Delta or Emirates (unless I need to go through an intermediary company) and I find this video quite interesting as I might go to the United States to join Delta and escape the major tax increases in France... (bruh we are at like 45.3%  compared to 20% for the United States)
  20. @andrewchr: 99% of people also think that pilots also don't do anything because the autopilot does everything for them.

- How Do Pilots Pass The Time On Long Flights?: Kind: captions Language: en For most passengers, long-haul flights are&nbsp; a matter of endurance aided by a few drinks,&nbsp;&nbsp; inflight entertainment, and trying to get some&nbsp; sleep between meal services. It is an entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; different matter for the people flying the plane&nbsp; as there are still plenty of things to do even&nbsp;&nbsp; after takeoff. Let’s look at what’s happening&nbsp; on the flight deck during these longer flights… Even though flight paths are decided upon&nbsp; before departure, pilots have to monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; weather conditions and decide whether&nbsp; or not to alter them during the flight.&nbsp;&nbsp; On long-haul flights, weather conditions are&nbsp; more likely to change from initial forecasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; with aircraft often encountering multiple&nbsp; weather systems. These systems can vary in&nbsp;&nbsp; intensity from slight turbulence to dangerous&nbsp; thunderstorms. Traveling at high speeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots must be prepared at all times&nbsp; to alter the flight path if necessary. If, for example, they see a&nbsp; thunderstorm on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; they must first get the OK from air traffic&nbsp; control (ATC) to change their route. Clear air turbulence is another worry, and&nbsp; because it cannot be seen on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots rely upon the information provided by&nbsp; pilots flying the same route ahead of them. When&nbsp;&nbsp; flying across oceans such as the Atlantic, one&nbsp; pilot's job is to communicate with the ATC while&nbsp;&nbsp; the other monitors a common air-to-air frequency&nbsp; that pilots use to communicate with each other. The entire time a flight is&nbsp; in the air, the pilots monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; all kinds of gauges to ensure that the&nbsp; plane performs how it is supposed to. Making sure that the temperature of the fuel&nbsp; is not too cold is another thing pilots must&nbsp;&nbsp; monitor. If the fuel cools down too much,&nbsp; its flow can be restricted due to waxing.&nbsp;&nbsp; If this happens, pilots can rectify&nbsp; the situation by descending, or by&nbsp;&nbsp; increasing the aircraft's speed (and,&nbsp; thus, its skin temperature). However,&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn't a particularly frequent occurrence,&nbsp; as engine oil helps fuel to retain heat. While one of the pilots monitors all the&nbsp; gauges, the other will be busy taking care&nbsp;&nbsp; of the paperwork. Before the flight, the&nbsp; pilots are given a written flight plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Anything that deviates from this&nbsp; must be written down as notes. Outside of these important activities,&nbsp; long-haul flying can be very boring for pilots.&nbsp;&nbsp; During cruise phases, pilots will often pass&nbsp; the time by making small talk with one another,&nbsp;&nbsp; or doing some reading. Smartphone games and&nbsp; good old fashioned crossword puzzles might be&nbsp;&nbsp; additional forms of entertainment&nbsp; found on the flight deck. Finally, just like passengers,&nbsp; enjoying inflight meals&nbsp;&nbsp; is another part of the long-haul pilot experience. The pilots typically wait until the passengers&nbsp; have been served and then eat separately.&nbsp;&nbsp; They do this so that there is&nbsp; always one person at the controls. For long flights over twelve hours, there&nbsp; are one or two relief pilots onboard&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the two pilots who performed the&nbsp; takeoff can take a break and get some rest. There are just two pilots on shorter&nbsp; long-haul flights of eight or nine&nbsp;&nbsp; hours. The only opportunity they get to&nbsp; leave their seats and stretch their legs&nbsp;&nbsp; is when they go to the bathroom. Did you know about these long-haul duties and&nbsp; activities? Let us know by leaving a comment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TATCHIWONG [2 likes]: Tgey play POKERMON😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  2. @boogie4943 [1 likes]: I'm a pilot. All I did was get blown by heaps of sexy air hostesses. If it was a long haul flight, I'd join the mile high club.😁🤣
  3. @sakredcow [1 likes]: the mile high club...
  4. @unnamedchannel1237 [1 likes]: I used to play candy crush
  5. @AjF392 [1 likes]: Flyers don't pass the time, they LOG the time. 😎
  6. @Boody617: They take turns sucking each other’s cocks
  7. @Xxxx-d4z: THEY ABOUT THEIR FLIGHT ATTENDANTS ALWAYS.
  8. @Ckeete: When I was a pilot, my co-pilot and I once had “fart wars” to pass time.  Don’t ask.
  9. @Velocity8842: Found ts again
  10. @Ze0do0Gas: I hope both pilots don't eat the fish dish
  11. @Ilebuda: I have heard about other activities.
  12. @williamoleary1410: Pass the time? They better be fully focused on every detail of the flight until they land.
  13. @Patriotalliance: Typically they just bitch about pay, schedule and seniority. Ask me how I know...
  14. @shortstoryteller-i5p: We know one thing for sure. They do not endure themselves playing gambling apps to pass the time.  😅
  15. @RammingSpeed-lk8kk: Probably play Microsofy Flight Simulator
  16. @dougmarshall4010: There is a heat exchanger whereby hot oil from the engine keeps fuel at optimal temperature at cruise altitude. It’s all automatic. They put the autopilot on. Any malfunction brings up a visual and audible alarm. They don’t have to do much. At 35,000 feet, there is very little weather to worry about. No rain, no icing, just clear air turbulence.
  17. @austinteutsch: I had an old classmate of mind who flew from LaGuadia to Heathrow, did a layover and then blew back over a 2.5 day.  He ran that route for 13 years and he told me of one co-pilot of his who took a flight attendant into the bathroom, screwed her, and then returned to his seat.  He said that pilot was doing that on almost every run.  Talk about stress reduction!
  18. @ΝικοςΣοφικιτης-λ9φ: Yeahh…right
  19. @willpcs3453: Political discussion keeps you awake.
  20. @pppexplorer: What are the pilots doing during turbulence, especially if it gets severe?

- Listen To Pilot's Epic Meltdown Before Plane Takes Off 2 Hours Late: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] okay if you don't feel safe get off the airplane this is your captain speaking but never like this I'll stop and I we'll fly the airplane don't worry I'm going to let my co-pilot fly it he's a man okay it's a total meltdown the pilot boarded in her street cloth and addressed the passengers over the intercom passenger Pam O'Neal couldn't believe what was happening she said let's take a vote how many of you would like to take off now with me dressed as I am or would you prefer that I take 10 minutes to get changed into my cute little uniform then she started talking about her divorce and political candidates in the minute she mentioned that um a gentleman stood up and just yelled whoa enough you're scaring me another passenger Randy Reese got up to leave and gave a running commentary on social media I'm shaking right now the captain demonstrated that she was not mentally in a safe space she says sorry I'm going through a divorce course um uhoh the pilot also insulted a mixed race couple on board you did I offend you okay so did I purposely offend you I did the answer is yes the more she tried to convince everyone she was okay to fly the more people got off flight ATT tennis police dis on doors Anthony Roman is a retired pilot everything went wrong on the flight the captain clearly was in an emotional state and was having a breakdown the right thing to do you don't feel safe on an aircraft is to to take matters into your own hand and get up and leave that aircraft after 20 passengers insisted on getting off the United Airlines flight the pilot quietly left the aircraft okay if you don't feel safe get off the airplane but otherwise we can go the United Airlines flight from Austin to San Francisco was delayed about 2 hours until another pilot took over as for the original pilot you saw there the airline says she has been removed from her duties pending an investigation

  Top Comments:
  1. @SJC-147 [1 likes]: Unhinged.
  2. @oldmanyoung7892: 2 hrs late. She must've just got served which explained her "man" comment and "cute outfit" comment cause it's her looks why she got divorced and not her 😂

Also, why she was hating on the couple 😂😂😂
  3. @JoeSmith-dl9ok: You’re fired lady
  4. @oldmanyoung7892: This was before dei 😂

Which means it's probably more common now 🤪😜
  5. @oldmanyoung7892: What she say about the mixed race couple? 😂
  6. @icantdraw3783: Never take a flight with a female pilot
  7. @Scrappy5357: how did she become a pilot in the first place?
  8. @bnpzarie9511: 1:19 what "flight"?
  9. @codegeek98: She folded under negative pressure, none of the passengers made her do that
  10. @jeffhoffmann4234: Women drivers damn
  11. @MiniMetalGarage: DEI hire at her finest. 🙄🙄🙄
  12. @Runelph: she could have at least changed her hat. you're not a pilot without the hat.
  13. @waroonh4291: I feel i doesn't want to do my job today for no reasons.. the reason 😂
  14. @bananasign: Only at United
  15. @fific9571: She needs to have her pilot's license removed FOR LIFE.
  16. @stumac869: You'd have to be more mad than the pilot to fly with her.
  17. @hermes8258: United Airlines. Wouldn't it be reasonable for the sex that has multi-fold higher number of emotional breakdowns (including some who risk having it once every lunar cycle) NOT fly planes? Maybe the Saudis were onto something...
  18. @USAGentlemen: I would have thought she was drunk and I would have been banging on the exit door long before she said "If you don't feel safe get off the plane."
  19. @atcred3: SHE WAS GONNA PUT THAT PLANE INTO THE SIDE OF A MOUNTAIN
  20. @SeemoreDunkan: Americ@nz r doooooomb

- Hero Pilot TACKLES Man That Assaulted Flight Attendant | Fasten Your Seatbelt | A&E: Kind: captions Language: en you got to try harder oh get over it you got to get off eventually a flight from Kentucky has just landed at Charlotte Douglas International Airport passengers pull out their phones to record one impatient man who insists on deing before he's allowed to down sit down I the passenger is standing in the aisle when the flight attendant asks him to take a seat he sits on the armrest but quickly gets up and tailgates are up the aisle no really he continues to be antagonistic Coy and other passengers to join his oneman protest against sitting get off any when he doesn't get any takers he decides to go It Alone move take a seat move take a seat move take a seat move I said take a seat sir I don't want I don't care what you want to do you're going to take a seat right now when confronted by the pilots he becomes even more Brazen he is not backing down I'm let you hold on hold on you hold uhuh uh-huh yeah you're going to let me by but I'm going to get by without you his here close that door why why are you closing my exit I'm trying to help you they're not listening app no please Dr your do you mind just sitting down no I don't sit down sit down I'm not you don't put your hands my fight in me enough enough yep you hear me yep when we roll This back for another look we see the man trying to run through the flight attendant pushing her down that's when this hero pilot takes action sit down sit out enough you'll put your hands my in enough yep and whatever you do is going on Facebook and you're complete loser the problem passenger was found guilty of three misdemeanors assault communicating threats and being intoxicated in public I'm not you don't put your hands in my fighted I'm Robert Hayes and you just watched a fasten your seat belt video but that's not important right now surely all that matters is that you subscribe to an's YouTube Channel Good Luck we're all counting on you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnnieByGaslight16 [1 likes]: Took far too long to deal with this jerk.
  2. @bluesteelworx: He's right next to the door , make him exit
  3. @minamina2758: Well done from the pilot.
  4. @minamina2758: What a jerk. Should be banned from flying.
  5. @Fil0girl: Make him the last guy off the flight. He should wait until the cleaners are done.
  6. @rowanjohnson4909: Like a father telling his spoiled son to sit in his high chair lmao 😂😂😂
  7. @rowanjohnson4909: Flight staff don’t get paid to deal with unruly passengers everybody. Can we please show some respect?! Smh 😤
  8. @AlexZeBeast: "yeep", hahahahah
  9. @iamblackthorne: Typical 🗑️.
  10. @brs04wsc: That's a big pilot
  11. @diddlozz6897: Who let this drunk jackass on the plane ???
  12. @ParadaveX: Brilliant! Just the way to deal with a foul-mouthed bully.
  13. @harrisond8132: Alcohol should never be served at airports.
  14. @hunter5425: And they keep  serving alcohol on flights.
  15. @vnn2025: Why this guy was ever allowed to pass by security?  why this happened inside of an airplane where all the passengers are hostages of this situation?
  16. @IslandGirl755: Passenger was the LOSER
  17. @IslandGirl755: He is drunk, did he get drunk on plane or enter the plane drunk.
  18. @baronvon8407: turn his lights out
  19. @AviationGuyA380: W pilot❤
  20. @johnferguson6389: If this guy is not put on the no fly list for every airline worldwide there’s something wrong with the system.

- Doctors Reveal How Much Money They ACTUALLY Make: Kind: captions Language: en - I asked 20 doctors to tell me how much money they make in a year. I'll go first. My official salary on paper for the hospital is $90 an hour, but most family medicine doctors earn roughly $250,000 a year. (cash register chimes) - What's up everyone? My name is Jake Goodman and I'm a psychiatry resident doctor in my third year of residency training. The national average for residents is between $50 and $60,000 a year. Fortunately, psychiatrists make much more than that once you finish residency training. - When I was doing full-time clinical practice, my base rate was about $400 an hour. The cool thing is that earning $400 an hour allowed me to do things like see a ton of patients or clients for free. And at one point, half of my practice, I actually wasn't charging a single penny. I could still support my family of four without really too much trouble. The other really awesome thing about people in my specialty is that we tend to work pretty light and easy hours. The average mental health professional actually does about 30 to 32 hours of clinical care per week, which means that our job is pretty like low stress. - How's it going? I'm Dr. Alok Patel. I'm a pediatric hospitalist. So if a child is hospitalized, count on me to coordinate care. My salary's a bit strange because I work at multiple sites, but my hourly rate ranges between $125 to about $150 per hour depending on what type of shift I'm taking. Nights, weekends, et cetera. But I have seen job offers that have ranged between $120,000 per year to $180,000 per year. Some higher, some lower. Let's just say that no pediatrician of any type went into medicine for the money. We did it for the kids. - My name is Dr. Anthony Youn and I'm a board certified plastic surgeon. Well, according to Salary.com, the average plastic surgeon in Michigan makes $239,100 a year. Now my base salary is close to that without bonuses, but I also make extra money via social media, via doing sponsored posts, and I have an online store where I sell my own Youn Beauty Skincare called younbeauty.com. I would never ever complain about the money that I make and I feel very, very privileged to live a lifestyle that I do. - Hi, my name is Dr. Antonio Webb. I'm an orthopedic spine surgeon here in San Antonio, Texas. So how much do spine surgeons make? It varies by practice type. A private practice spine surgeon in the South can expect to make, once you build a mature practice which takes anywhere between three to six years to build, can expect to make seven figures. - I'm Dr. Dana Brems and I'm a podiatrist, which is a foot and ankle specialist and surgeon. Well according to MGMA data, the average salary of a surgical podiatrist is about #300,000. I will say, although salary is very important, it really matters whether the specialty you're doing is something you enjoy and whether it matches the work-life balance that you desire. - Hi, I'm Dr. Benjamin Schmidt, also known as Doc Schmidt, and I'm a GI doctor, which means that I specialize in gastroenterology. If you break it down by the hour, right now as a GI doctor, I make a little over $260 per hour. - I'm Dr. Danielle Jones. Some of you may know me as MDJ and I am an OB/GYN. That means I take care of anything happen to do with periods, pregnancy, and the female reproductive tract. How much money you make as an OB/GYN doctor varies widely by where you practice and what kind of practice you're in. I currently work in Aotearoa, New Zealand, which is a public health system. And a full-time O&G specialist who's been out of training for six years, like myself, would make around $130,000 US in this system, which is significantly less than one would make at the same level in the US or even in Australia. - My name is Ricky Brown and I'm a board certified plastic surgeon in Scottsdale, Arizona. How much money do I make? I make enough money to buy 333,333 Happy Meals. You do the math. Mm, that's good. - Hi, my name is Dr. Winters, AKA The Bentist online, and I am an orthodontist. I'm gonna be real with you. An orthodontist can make $250,000 starting out as an associate anywhere up to about $350,000. And then if you own your own office, you can make anywhere from $500,000 up to three or $4 million and even upwards if you own multiple practices. Crazy, I know. - Hello, my name is Ed Hope. I'm a doctor working in the emergency department over in the UK. I'm currently a locum doctor, which means I book shifts as and when I want them, and still quite junior too. And as such, my day rate is around 400 pounds. That's around $500. Although a night shift would be around a third more. - My name is Dr. Sanjay Juneja. I'm a hematologist and medical oncologist, basically specializing in blood disorders as well as cancers and how to treat them. As a medical oncologist, depending on what system you're in, some private practices get paid for literally the things they prescribe and how much they cost versus other systems where you get paid just for what you see regardless of treatment. I like the latter because it kind of keeps you clean from thinking about cost as it relates to treating patients with cancer. And generally those don't pay as much, likely somewhere between $400 to $500,000 depending on where you are in the country. - Hi, I'm Dr. Siobhan Deshauer, also known as ViolinMD. I'm an internal medicine and rheumatology specialist. While right now I'm doing temporary locum work, so I'm not the best example, but the average Canadian rheumatologist who's working full-time makes about 250,000 US dollars. Then subtract about 30% for overhead costs. And you've got 175 to 200,000 US dollars before taxes. - What up? My name is Dr. John Patton, Doc JBIII, and I'm a board certified anesthesiologist and a regional anesthesia and acute pain medicine specialist. Sometimes people hear of the E-road to success or Road to success. The E-road to success is thought to be the subspecialties that allow for you to have a better lifestyle. You may be able to take no-call or spend more time outside of the hospital with your friends and family. When we are in residency, when you factor in the hours that we work and the amount that we're making, it comes out to be less the minimum wage. So now that I'm done with training, I will say that it's really nice to finally be able to make a good living and be able to start thinking about paying back loans, the bane of my existence. Yes, they're still there. Being able to save for a down payment for a house, which is something that my wife and I have been wanting to do for a while. And now that we have a son, being able to put some money aside and, you know, for his college and whatnot. So that's how I answer that question. - Doctors actually used to recommend these treatments and I can't believe it. Thank God medicine has come so far. And as always, stay happy and healthy. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @milbourne4666 [2 likes]: These were honestly less than I expected. As a nurse that's worked closely with MDs/DOs for years, I can confidently say that they EARN that and more. It also absolutely blows my mind that I'm making more as an RN than some physicians...not complaining, but doesn't feel right.
  2. @daani-7961 [2 likes]: doctors in india start off with aroudn $800 a month which can go as high as 6000 a month, this does not account for the private practice
  3. @doctorgap [1 likes]: Regular ass mechanic here in Phoenix Arizona, zero student loans as no school requried and I made $160k last year
  4. @irshviralvideo [1 likes]: The highest among all these by a large margin is Dr Youn. The guy clears 8 figures MIN per his own disclosures. Second is bentist at 9M
  5. @dungenwalkerr619 [1 likes]: Yeah if you are having trouble supporting family of 4 with 400k a year we are doomed 0:46
  6. @WilumSorensen: In denmark we make like 80k. Its fine but…
  7. @RyanRobin223: 500$ PER DAY IS INSANEEEE
  8. @MattCarr-s4m: Shout out 210
  9. @MrobiandFamily: I really love how the last doc answered his salary question. 😉
  10. @reedcampbell9: Holy cow go Dr Webb been watching for a long time well deserved ik this was a year ago but still
  11. @jeannettebillings3581: All of you deserve it🥼🩺🩺🧠💜🙏🌟💖🌹!!! Thank You 😊💚
  12. @nyssiaeiko3476: Some people in the comments talking about Doctor Yun, but he at least said "my salary is around that number", some people were much less specific lol
  13. @tete22829wilson: The happy meal guy makes 1,463,331.87
A McDonald’s happy meal is about 4.39
  14. @Banditxam5: I'm a software engineer and I'm jobless hahaha
  15. @Nycmade_: I’m in emt in nyc and support care enroute to hospitals to make sure ppl don’t die in the ambulance or at all and make 28 a hr…
  16. @Alex-zi1nb: 400 dollars an hour just to listen to rich people whine is crazy. no wonder fraiser was so fich
  17. @Mikerille: Wait, not to call the anesthesiologist a liar, but doing the math, it’s not even close to minimum wage. The average resident anesthesiologist makes 85k and works an average of 55 hours per week, coming to 30 dollars almost, which is comparable to starting nurses salary and considering the average after is 450k on the low end, i think they’re doin just fine
  18. @abcsin6526: Pathology??
  19. @TrevorPhillips1969: With the amout of schooling, lives saved, and high stress in most of these jobs, the money they make is well deserved. Health care professionals are hero's. It's the healthcare system itself that is the villain.
  20. @jeffharro1: Number one problem with how expensive health care is. Starts with these ridiculous salaries.

- Airline Pilot: Top 10 Things I Should've Known: Kind: captions Language: en whether you're a student pilot flight instructor or brand new commercial pilot who's hoping to be an airline pilot one day there's some things that you just truly can't understand until you're loving the daily lifestyle and operating as an airline pilot now keep in mind I love my job but there are pros and cons like any career so in this video I want to tell you about 10 things that I wish I had known before becoming an airline pilot number one understanding how tough commuting can be now I used to commute both to Hawaii at one point and then also from Fargo North Dakota to here in Chicago and now I live in Chicago being an airline pilot living in base is a totally different job than commuting you have the ability to have much more free time to pick up ot to make more money now commuting does allow you to live almost anywhere in the country and sometimes all around the world but it takes days and days off of your schedule the schedules are really hard you don't always have the flexibility or a certainty that you're gonna make it on certain flights to be able to make it to work on time and it's it just adds a lot of stress to your life so commuting is really tough you can make it work plenty of plenty of people do but just keep in mind that the job is a totally different world once you have the ability to live in base number two is eating habits before I started working as an airline pilot I didn't really understand just how challenging it would be to manage a good diet on the road and when you're at home for a few days might have the opportunity to buy fresh fruits and vegetables but they'll expire oftentimes by the time you come back from your next trip so managing grocery shopping is a whole nother beast in and of itself and when you're here at the airport there's only one of those options if you don't have very much time sometimes between terms to run up and grab food so you try to pack food have some healthy snacks with you or even a few meals if you can and one of the lunchbox coolers that you can bring with you is one of your crew bags number three is an interesting one being social and naturally talkative is something that you'll be forced to learn as an airline pilot when you're stuck here inside a really small metal box for a few days in a row with one person you have to find ways of having conversation and relating to that other person and if you're not normally a socially outgoing person this job will teach you how to be one very quickly so you have to find ways of having commonality between the two of you finding conversations that will keep you going throughout the few days because the end you know for the three of us on this airplane we really do become a small family unit on this for a few days and you have to become friends with your crew number four is understanding a monthly schedule as a pilot I didn't really get it until I started working full-time as an airline pilot but your monthly bed and your monthly schedule suddenly changes your entire life into a series of dates and times that you'll be a work versus being off all of your life is planned around this in terms of what you're going to be doing on your off days what days you have work your entire life is based on a calendar and if you're not already using a calendar I promise you will be soon number five when you're working as a pilot your life your schedule your pay all of the contracts stipulations that form your job are extremely important to you and until you're working at an airline understanding these contractual requirements and stipulations that are going to affect every single day that you work and every single day you have off is extremely challenging every airline has different policies they have different ways of paying their employees just an hourly rate is not a full picture about how much you're going to make an airline so try to talk to your friends who work at different airlines start taking notes about the different contractual requirements that each company has and that will give you a really good picture for what to expect at an airline when you're applying number six is workout habits when you're working on the road all the time you're often working all day you might be exhausted by the time you get to the overnight and if it's a short over night finding a time to go work out in the hotel gym go on a run or find a gym nearby might be really hard I struggled with that at the beginning and I really had to find a way of making that a priority for me on overnights where it was feasible where I wasn't just at the minimum rest requirement for the overnight to actually go to the gym to try to stay in shape on the road the other half of that is that when you're home you only have a few days off right so you have to manage your entire life you have to go grocery shopping catch up on errands and chores and have time to relax and see friends and in between all of that you stop to find time to go to the gym so it's a lot to manage that was a really hard part about starting number seven before I started I wish I had a better idea of the dip between trip efficiency and flight hours between smaller regional jets and larger regional jets so here on the Embraer 145 many of our flights are less than an hour and a half long so for a four-day trip to meet a good threshold of flight time and block time and thus pay you oftentimes have to work many more flights throughout that four-day trip that's a lot more work than you might find on the 175 which has longer routes with less flights throughout the day that's a huge difference when you're talking about the actual amount of work that's going into your job versus just a basic amount of pay or a basic amount of flight hours number eight now something specific to the airlines and jet flying in general is that visual approaches are much more challenging than in slower aircraft in the general aviation world now keep in mind one of the easiest approaches that we have at the airline is flying an ILS sometimes even down the minimums because we have lateral and vertical guidance almost all the way to the runway people start to get into trouble when they mess up visual approaches when they're too fast especially at night or they overshoot finally managing your speed and configuration in de jet is much more difficult on a visual approach than in a smaller aircraft because you just have less time to get ready for landing now that's why we always follow an instrument approach all the way to the runway when we have one available as a backup to make that visual approach a little bit easier number nine the destination for an overnight isn't nearly as important as your attitude or the attitude of the crew that you're flying with in terms of whether or not people are willing to be adventurous to go out and explore a little bit and find group activities I've had some of my best overnights and places like Manhattan Kansas or Dubuque Iowa whereas my overnights where I've been alone and had nothing to do in New York City have been not nearly as fun so try not to focus on whether or not the destination is exotic but whether or not you and your crew is willing to try to find something fun to do as a group number 10 the last thing that I wish I would have known before becoming an area pilot is that when you're a student or CFI the idea of flying up to five legs a day for an airline might sound really exciting but once you do it over and over it is a job it is tiring work and you might feel exhausted by the end of the day especially when you've dealt with weather and maintenance issues and delays and cancelations it piles up and it is hard work now keep in mind it's all about your attitude choices so when you have those five leg days and you are tired it might not be the fun exciting job that we're hoping for but you're still flying an airplane you're still getting paid to be a pilot and it's still a really cool job so trying to keep that attitude positive is one of the things that I wish I would have been better prepared for before starting in an airline that's it those are 10 things that I wish I had known before starting as an airline pilot and I hope it helps you manage your expectations better before you start on your first day at an airline there are plenty of times during this job where you'll be tired because it rarely starts late end times and plenty of days spent away from home but this job is all about having the right attitude choice and that's really the only way that you can make this career the best decision ever

  Top Comments:
  1. @SwayneMartinPilot [1100 likes]: Pilots have a tough job... Being on the road and missing lots of time with friends and family is my least favorite part. That said, I love aviation and I love flying. What else do you want to learn about becoming an airline pilot? Leave me a comment with an idea!
  2. @flyguy437 [1 likes]: As a retired airline captain, I can add that only when you are actually captain do you understand the weight of responsibility.  When sh@t hits the fan, no one but you can fix the problem...(or people get hurt.) Also, and strangely, this fellow misses it, there will be a few times in a 30 year career that you will be truly scared (but not show it) example severe turbulence, engine failures etc. You will be familiar with the concept of courage like no other job.
  3. @shanec.7105: Still FO?
  4. @KamoheloMokoena-c9y2w: Thank you for that I have started to finding about pilots
  5. @theunlimitedsheepshow: My parents are divorced and I figure it will be helpful as a future airline pilot because eating schedules and any schedule is nonexistent. I’m used to it.
  6. @The_Adventure_Sisters: I  want to become a pilot and a YouTuber ( making videos about being a pilot + adventures) this was such a helpful video and I just want to say thank you!!!!! 🩵
  7. @stevefowler2112: How could you have not known commuting would be a magnitude of order more difficult than living near your base? You're just making stuff up dude.
  8. @josephsharp9939: Shocked to see Hector International in Fargo! ND represent!
  9. @CarsonMcnabb: I think traveling around the world having a great career like an airline pilot good paying job all those factors coming in. I’ll be in the greatest mood and socially outgoing and would always wanna work hard for my teammates and be there for them. I know it sounds cheesy, but that’s just how I am passionate worker and most of all I’m able to keep that door closed so I don’t have to talk to the customers or be a public worker in the public eye 😊
  10. @mraviator7935: In few words, develop a good attitude and adapt to every enviroment without forgeting your own life
That was a good video my captain, good flights!
  11. @johnledford134: So what happens if you’re commuting and you don’t make it in time?
  12. @stevefowler2112: Great video...I especially enjoyed hearing about the difficulty of a visual approach in a jet vs 172. I'm a recently retired Aerospace Engineer who washed out of military flight school in the 70's due to less than .20-20 uncorrected vision and whose son (B.S. Mechanical Engineering) just got accepted to American Airlines Cadet Academy and just passed his PPL written and has been on two training flights. I think Dad is even more excited than the boy, haha.
  13. @JupiterMan12.000: Flying an Airplane is a Challenge

Not something you should underestimate.
  14. @scpjackal1915: I thought this was Elon musk for a second
  15. @rheijm9201: Have to go to gadget store and buy me storm and hurricane forecast. A kia dynamic line has all warning systems standard - for 14396€
  16. @ريبكاا: That's  true 👍 💯  and never give up thank youuuuuu.and good  🌃
  17. @Azanmalek-l9g: ❤ allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad allh hummasolilalamuhammad ❤
  18. @BobbyMills-n9l: You are awesome. Thank you for the great video
  19. @jonathantitus2629: Thanks for sharing these insightful tips--our son is currently a CFI working on his hours to move to an airline and we are learning along with him.
Blessings!
  20. @nbajeongboy: this a real spill
thanks for the good video!

- Private Jet Billionaire Breaks Down Every Step in His Wealth Journey | The WSJ Money Interview: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm not waiting till I die. I wanna watch my kids enjoy their wealth. - When did you personally hit a billion dollars? - Probably... - Did it make you want to get rich? - No. - Really? They say it's rude to ask what things cost, but, as a Wall Street Journal reporter, that's literally the only thing I wanna know. How much is your watch collection worth? How many million? - We're all allowed one vice, aren't we? - Kenn Ricci is the man behind an empire of private jet companies, including Flexjet. He doesn't just cater to the 0.1% club. He's a card-carrying member with a net worth above a billion dollars. As the number of ultra-wealthy people surges to a record high, Kenn is betting on increased demand. Today, we're gonna break down how he got here and reveal what spending in that tax bracket actually looks like. So let's go back to the beginning. I wanna hear how you made your first million. - So come out of the Air Force. I work for Northwest Orient for a brief period of time. I get furloughed. Unemployed, back living with my parents. I put myself out as a contract pilot called Professional Flight Crews. One of the companies I was flying for was called Corporate Wings. They ended up wanting to sell the company, and I bought the company for $27,500. - I bet you're wondering: where'd he even get that $27,500 to buy that company in the first place? Here's how. Kenn noticed that the company had $27,000 of cash on its books. So he bought the company with a loan and used that money to pay it back later. And the last $500? He called his dad to see if he'd spot him. I'll let Kenn fill you in on how that paid off. - By the early '90's, it's doing three million a year in revenue. I morphed Corporate Wings to be servicing concert tours. I had done Barbra Streisand, Elton John. And that's when one of the companies that I had contracted with said, "Have you ever done a political campaign?" So I asked him right away, "Well, how long is the campaign?" And they said, "It's 13 months." Well, that's a really good contract. And I said, "Well, what's the guy running for?" He says, "He's running for president." And I said, "Well, who is it?" He said, "Well, it's the governor of Arkansas." I said, "The governor of Arkansas "is not gonna need a plane for 13 months. "This guy has no chance of becoming president." And then I flew him to the inauguration. Coming out of Clinton, the company started to gain traction where I needed more and more employees. And that's when I started to grow the business. - Around that same time, another private jet company, NetJets, was gaining ground. - I'm starting to think about: what's the product I can have that can compete with NetJets? And that's when I came up with the idea of Flight Options. So in '97, I'm out trying to raise 30, 40, $50 million to underwrite this idea. Nobody was having it. And then in the summer of 1998, Warren Buffett buys NetJets. And my proposal just happened to be on everybody's doorstep. I was the last guy there. In the summer of '98, I had 50 million from Boeing, 50 million from Bombardier. I mean, it was amazing the amount of $50-million lines of credit I had because Buffett endorsed the industry. But concurrent with that, I had started the inertial navigation company by having aftermarket repairs of this very particular device. I would've never known to start that business if I wasn't in the cockpit trying to understand how it fails. - He's talking about this company, Inertial Airline Services, which he started in 1990 after he saw how expensive it was to fix airline navigation systems. But then his company Flight Options took off. - We did $100 million in the first three months. And then I realized I can't run any other company. That's why I sold the inertial navigation company the following year for like around $10 million. So that was probably the first significant wealth of any size. - At this point, Kenn was aggressively competing with NetJets. And, in 2002, his company merged with Raytheon in a bet that it would accelerate his business. - We merged the two companies, 50% to Flight Options and 50% went to Raytheon, which was the owner of Travel Air at the time. And I don't know if you're familiar with shareholders roulette. When you have 50/50 owners, one person puts a number out there and the other person either gets to buy or sell at that number. So I had the obligation to present Raytheon with the number within 18 months of the closing. I had gotten the valuation underwritten by Warburg Pincus for $360 million. I offer Raytheon 180 million for their half of the business. And they thought I was stealing it and they bought me out. So I lose the whole thing in 2002. And it was the worst day of my life. But what's crazy about that was: at the time that that happened, I had already sold, I'd raised equity, and I really only owned about 16%. So when the proceeds came in, it was about $20 million. - Instead of catching up to NetJets, he was ousted from the company he founded. But he ended up using that money to start his next venture, Directional Aviation Capital, which invests in aviation companies. So you start Directional Capital with 20 million? - Yes, with the money that came in from the Raytheon, from the sale. One of the first deals we found was Mercury Air Centers. And in 2007 we sold it to Macquarie. And that was sold for $625 million. We had about 200 million of debt, so there was about 400 million of proceeds. So that was a big payday. That changed life significantly. - I wanna hear what you did to celebrate the Macquarie deal. - I know exactly what I did. I'm embarrassed to say. You know, they'll tell you that, when you have a big liquidity event, that you do nothing for six months. Just 'cause you're gonna do something stupid. And I did something stupid. So I went down and we took a two-week vacation, Mike and I and our wives, to Cabo San Lucas. And I bought a house, and I still have it. We still go down there and the families kind of spend a lot of time there. But, yeah, that was my celebration. - How much did you pay for the house? - Three and a half million. - Okay. And you had made hundreds of millions of dollars? - 80-ish. But Mike and I are partners too, so that wasn't all mine, right? - And you spent three million on the house. I mean, not bad. - I know, you're not supposed to do that. - You're not. Soon after, Ken clawed his way back to Flight Options. This time, he bought Raytheon out. But the company was struggling at this point, and his effort to turn things around would end up changing his plan entirely. - The first thing was to figure out what the plane situation was. So the right plane for us at the time was made by Bombardier. But Bombardier had a competing company called Flexjet. I visit Bombardier, and I said, "Would you let me buy these Challenger 300s "even though it would be competing with a company you own?" And they said, "All right, we'll sell you the planes, "but you have to buy Flexjet too." And so, in 2014, that's how I come to buy Flexjet. They kind of made me buy it. I say made me: it was transformational, right? Because they had a big corporate base, they had an outstanding reputation. It's one of the reasons why we collapsed the Flight Options name and came up under Flexjet. - When did you personally hit a billion dollars net worth? - In 2021, when the business was probably doing maybe 170 or $180 million of EBITDA. But we also had these very expensive subordinated debt. You know, we had to borrow money at 15, 16% to be able to buy the Flexjet property. So we decided to recapitalize the company in order to pay that debt down. And that recapitalization was done close to a $2-billion valuation, which with my ownership of the company, put me close to a billion. Maybe not quite, maybe 800 million or so at the time. - How did that feel? - I don't think you even recognize it. - I don't believe that. - But I think there's two parts of your net worth. And I think, you know, because sometimes we just wanna focus on the headline number. You really have two net worths, someone like me. Like I have money that's not related to Flexjet. It's the homes you have, it's the cash you have, it's your investments. And then you have the part of the net worth that you never wanna liquidate 'cause you want to keep growing Flexjet. I think the company's just halfway through its growth cycle. So there'd be no reason to wanna liquidate that. And that goes up and down, and it varies, right? Depending upon a good month, a bad month. - I think your values stay the same. But I think the things that you can do and the generosity that you can have to your alma mater or your children or your colleagues, right? It's like money does change things. - It does. If you wanna talk about where it's really changed, right? It's the fact that... So my children are older, so, you know, my youngest is 24. And so they're all at the age where we've chosen as a family not to disguise and not to hide from our wealth. And so we have family meetings every quarter, and we're passing on wealth at this point in time. I'm not waiting till I die. - Wow. - And so we're passing on wealth to them now, and we're helping them manage through it and we're helping them navigate. We have a family limited partnership that any of the kids can borrow from to start businesses. And that's probably, if you say, where does the net worth become a focus, it's at those meetings when we sit there and we talk about: "What's the you can get your hands on net worth "and what are we preserving here, "and how are we using it?" And, exactly, "Where are we giving money to?" Which I've made them do since they were young. - I wanna hear just a little bit more about these family meetings. How often do they happen? Do you have an agenda? - We have 'em quarterly. Every year, once a year at the big meeting, I walk through the estate plan. What's gonna happen, like where does the money go? How does it get there? I start the meeting by showing my net worth. Then I show them where the assets are, what companies we own, what the liquid money is, who has the liquid money, how do you get to it if I'm not here. Who's the guys you call? Like where does the money go? How do you get your share, how do you get your share? And then after I do that, I have all of them expose their net worth. And then they tell their siblings what they invested in, what they're spending their money on. And then typically after that, pass on some wealth at those meetings. Very important that they're not treated equally. Because life doesn't work that way. One's 12 years older than the other one. So one had 12 years of appreciation over the younger one. That doesn't mean we don't love you, it just mean, life, it's not gonna be equal. So don't like stand here like the three of you are equal. It's a lot of money for all of you. So I wanna make sure none of them get pissed off about the fact that who has more than the other. So we go right down where it all falls, how the taxes hit each one and why things go there. I want them to understand it. Otherwise, when I'm gone, they're gonna fight. A lot of my peer group does not do that. They do not, like, they will not share family net worth. They feel like it could spoil their kids. If their kids knew how much money they were gonna get, they might live their life differently. I've just chosen to think about it. If I didn't raise the kids right, I'm not gonna correct them by not telling 'em what their net worth is. - So you wanna talk to your kids about money regularly? - It's more important than sex. But yet we talk about sex all the time, and we never talk about money in our family. It's kind of bizarre. - We've talked a lot about how you made your money. I wanna get to the fun stuff, how you spend it. Let's start with donations, something I know is super important to you. How much money did you donate last year? - Around three million. I'm on two boards. They're both in education, and we put a predominant amount of our money there. That was the amount last year. - But you made a really big gift. - We did a $100-million donation. That was the opportunity to make a statement that what universities really need is discretionary money, not money that's pigeonholed or targeted. That's why we did that. - So how much did you spend on your vacations last year? - We could kind of say my whole life is a vacation, but I would tell you that the definable vacation that I really do take is that we spend the summer in Italy, about six weeks. It's probably 750 to $800,000 for that vacation. I always say this: I don't have any girlfriends, I don't do drugs, I'm not an alcoholic, but I have way too many homes and I spend way too much on travel, okay? But I decided early on that I don't like to travel economically. So if I'm gonna travel, I want the hotel suite that I want to travel in or I won't go. It might sound like a big number, but it more has to do with just the fact that, if I'm gonna go somewhere, I want to enjoy it. I want it to be the best experience it could be. And then my travel tip to everybody: I tip when I get there. Like the first thing I do when I either get to a restaurant for the first time or when I get to a hotel property for the first time. - How much do you tip when you get to a restaurant? - The first time I've ever gone there? Probably $1,000. But when I get to like a hotel, if we're staying at the hotel property, probably 10 times that amount at the start. If I'm gonna be there for four or five weeks, to ask for the experience first and then tip at the end? Nobody knows what your expectation is, right? But if you tip at the beginning, then they know what level of expectation you have. - I've heard you have a thing for watches. I wanna hear about your watch collection. - This was actually something my dad told me. When something important happens in your life, have another action that coordinates with it. And you'll always associate those two things together. Create a memory around the event. So early on, mine was watches. And the first company I sold, I bought myself a watch. And so over the years, it's not so much that I love watches, but I associate a watch with a memory of something financial, when we have a success. We just did this partnership with Riva, and Hublot makes a watch that's in aqua. It's kind of an aqua color, very similar to the Riva colors that's in their boats. And so when we did that, I bought the watch to remember my good relationship with the folks at Riva Boats. - So they say it's rude to ask what things cost, So how much is your watch collection worth? - So I tell my children that there's two things when I'm dead don't forget about: the watch drawer, okay, and the wine cellar. I would say there's probably 40 watches. The most expensive ones are probably 150. So I'm gonna say probably two, two and a half million is the right number. - [Gunjan] I've been admiring your fits on Instagram, so I have to know: how much did you spend on your wardrobe last year? - Probably a couple hundred thousand dollars. Not more than 200. The one thing about clothes is like it's cumulative, right? It's not like you buy 'em one year and they're done, right? So cumulatively it's a big wardrobe, but we're all allowed one vice, aren't we? - I don't even think that's a vice. If you think I had a lot of questions for you, we have even more questions from our subscribers. - [Kenn] Oh great. - If you enjoyed this, this is just one segment in our broader show, which you can now watch on wsj.com. Subscribe now, and we might just pose your question to our next millionaire.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [32 likes]: Subscribers get access to full-length episodes of The WSJ Money Interview, plus the chance to have their questions answered by our millionaire guest. Watch the full series here: https://on.wsj.com/3ZauOly
  2. @Rob-e7n [1 likes]: "It's very importantly they're not treated equally".  Listen in ladies.
  3. @cabron1998: Biggest value here is being able to talk to your family
  4. @ValSimmons-x9v: You know you are rich when you can spend $800K on a vacation!😊
  5. @Observer-j6z: This mans is a thinker...he tips at the beginning to set the expectation and get commitment. I never thought of things that way.
  6. @taraishot100: With all his money he payed a dentist to do his teeth like that? 😂😂😂
  7. @SillyZillyMe: Company had $27,000 in cash and sold for $27,500.  Something doesn't sound right here.  Sounds like a made up story to act like he didn't get a lot of help to get started.
  8. @engineeringfortoday: The tooth will set you free 😂
  9. @paxnorth7304: And remember, that 800k he spends on his vacation, that goes into a local business and wages to recirculate in that area and economy.
  10. @subhankarmitra9912: He even look like 2000s and 90s hollywood movie billionaires
  11. @mihirkumar2887: His teeth is brighter than my future.
  12. @Kristen_Stewart-o3r: Technically he's giving her hint 11:04 he's single
  13. @jocey777: Whats up fellow future billionaires ✨
  14. @user-bms4y2jeio5wli: Kids need to be educated… hes doing the right thing
  15. @ugbanaawortu: That one movie about billionaires having glowing white teeth
  16. @Grandpa-fun: Very refreshing thank you for the interview
  17. @udianyiam1186: Great video one day I’ll build sum like Kenn Ricci
  18. @JordanMichael-g3f1v: I can se toy evin on you eyes ,is the strue ,the successful and the networks  didn’t get with ethics rules and good actions, 
The strength people survive in this game ,jut the happy people and who are enjoying the life ,are unbreakable
  19. @BIGDOWNEYTV: Great content 🔥🔥
  20. @Parthoo: Jesus what he needs is a new dentist. Those veneers are comical 😂😂😂😂

- Rich Rafferty | Pilot & Entrepreneur: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back and uh We've you know I think it's been a little bit of time since we got our last episode out we took a little bit of a short break uh kind of like relaxation and uh relaxation what are you talking about it's crazy it is being crazy but just getting everyone's scheduled together has been tough so but we're back and we're excited and Dave got a really cool guest we got uh Richard Rafferty I pronounce that right yes you did and uh so those of you who've watched the show in the past the first question we always ask Rich is do you have any tattoos I do not no good stuff good stuff neither do I as you can tell Sean Sean does I got a couple here and there but the thing is it's just like anything else they're all a story and that's that's what we're here for today let's capture a really cool story so um how do you want to how do we want to approach this one this is different for me this is a whole new world yeah I'm not a pilot I don't fly I mean I fly for business but I've never considered this uh either a hobby or piece of business or anything like that so I'm anxious to learn more yeah it's like I think you know we'll just let Rich kind of tell his his whole story here but kind of give you a brief introduction so you are a pilot and you train other Pilots correct correct yes I'm a flight instructor yeah and then you know that's awesome but one of the things we want to highlight here today is you're you're an entrepreneur you started a business called cloud cloud Cowboys it's a clothing store so if you want to talk about that a little bit and just kind of you know tell your whole story here sure yeah so I'll just kind of start at the beginning uh my my first flight ever was actually here at Zelienople airport My Discovery flight they call it and um I was at Liberty University for business prior to that and I was really not that happy with what I was learning and kind of felt like it was a bit of an outdated system in the sense of we were reading these textbooks that were kind of old and you know the the teachers there weren't entrepreneurs it was just kind of I was frustrated and so I was actually considering dropping out and I decided against that because I was researching the highest paying jobs for people without a college degree and pilot was like number three on the list right and so that wasn't what made me get into it but that was kind of what sparked I guess you could say like you know sparked the fire and so when I started really thinking about hot pilot that would be cool that would be something I could get into and then it kind of just spiraled from there because I was you know I actually had to get surgery on my knee and so I was home for the semester and I was talking to my parents about these options like I don't know if I even want to go back like I was taking online classes at the time and I was like I just I don't think it's for me like and they were like just you know push through like you can do it I was like I just I never really wanted to go in the first place honestly but my parents really felt like the truth comes out yeah exactly yeah my parents were um you know they they wanted me to go and I'm glad that I did now because I really don't think I would have found Aviation had I not been there and taken their advice so and I love Aviation so back to the you know the spiraling if you will the the fire igniting when I'm home and I get surgery on my knee I take a discovery flight here at Zealand opal airport and that was it like I just knew from the moment that I left the ground I was like this is what I'm doing wow I no longer need to worry about whether or not this is what I'm supposed to be doing like this is what I need to do and so from there it just okay how do I do this right because it's you know it's the start of the journey and you know when you get into it you don't really realize how big of a mountain you're gonna have to climb you just know that okay this is what gear do I need you know what's you know so I started calling people my mom had a friend and kind of walked me through the process and it came down to multiple choices staying at Liberty because they had a really good school of aeronautics which is the path that I ended up taking spoiler alert or there was accelerated schools that you could go to and they kind of finish everything in a year but at the time when you were going to be an airline pilot they wanted you to have a college degree to be a captain so this has recently changed in the last two years but at the time when I was making this decision that was a large Factor so I decided to stay at Liberty finished out my training and then yeah started instructing in Butler once I graduated and kind of finished up the last few bits of my training in the meantime but that little spark um that you said hey when I did this I just knew so I have a son and a daughter right and actually it's it's Enzo's birthday today he's 12 years old happy birthday buddy happy birthday Enzo so the thing is we just had this conversation the other day about you don't have to have everything spelled out sometimes when you start navigating down a certain path just like you said it's really not for you and then all of a sudden just something clicks and that little spark is what I think sort of is a catalyst it propels us as entrepreneurs and um just different um just different business people the career path that you start to take it's pretty cool because you got to really love what you do and again I've mentioned this before I worked in the corporate world for 20 plus years but I always knew in the background there were things that um just I really wanted to do and just things I I enjoyed so it's fun to hear that piece um of that little spark when you say you just knew explain that real quickly like what was the feeling because I think a lot of people can they're going to be able to connect with this yeah I would say if you've ever taken a discovery flight or been in a small plane the sensation is is pretty powerful right when you first lift off the ground and you're in not only are you lifting off the ground like everyone experiences that in a jet on an airline flight when you're actually the one behind the controls and you're controlling the aircraft lifting up into into the air it is a quite a sensation and so when you have that experience and you know you've never experienced anything like that before that's just kind of like it was almost just like a light bulb going off or you know whatever metaphor you want to use I mean it was powerful and so that's a that's an incredible analogy though too that um that take off in that feeling and I think it's the same thing as a business owner as an entrepreneur um you start to feel certain things and then you just you just know and even you know for the audience the people who are listening to us are watching us um even if you're in a career now that doesn't mean you can't pursue these dreams that you have it's really never too late um but yeah continuing with your story I love what you're I love where you're going with this yeah so you know my background in the first two years of my schooling was in business so as I transitioned into Aviation I got very busy with studying that but as I became an instructor I kind of had more free time right in the sense of I was you know I was working I was working a nine-to-five job teaching people how to fly sometimes it was more than nine to five it just depends like I people would would be able to book me from 8 30 in the morning to 8 30 PM so my schedule was very variable sometimes I'd have someone book at 8 30 a.m and then the next person wouldn't be till 7 PM so you just have these weird gaps in your day and most people fill them going on the phone just scrolling scrolling scrolling maybe they go to the park or go hiking or something some people are more productive than others I started just editing videos because I realized that I still wanted to do business My ultimate goal even though I love flying is not to be an airline pilot and retire at 65. I would like to get in make some money invest it find a way to build businesses and then get out you know and be able to Fly for Fun because that's ultimately what I love to do but I don't want to be chained to the plane you know what I'm saying so it's it is what it is you know and so that's kind of how the whole business thing started as I started editing videos and I you guys know this I mean we're doing a podcast right now the amount of viewership that you receive directly correlates to the amount of influence that you have and the amount of people that you know monetization if you will however you want to call it so that was something that you know through reading books I was able to kind of pinpoint exactly the direction that I thought basically where I thought business was going in the future rather than where it was in the moment nobody was really making Aviation short form videos which is something that absolutely blew my mind even two years ago I was like how does this not exist there's tons of people on YouTube everybody was was you know a YouTube flight instructor that was a thing people were well established but there was nobody on Tick Tock Instagram um YouTube shorts even that was that was taking the time to edit high quality videos in that category so I just saw an opening and I filled it and you know I'm done instructing now I actually had like my official like last day ceremony yesterday we signed a propeller when we're done and hit the hours and I did that yesterday last night oh congratulations thank you yeah and so you know we're it's been two years you know and so in those two years there's so many ups and downs and I think that's something that you know hearing from the outside or seeing from the outside like even in just some videos you would see online you're not going to hear about the low points you know and so um that's maybe something we can talk about you know but absolutely yeah I think um that's kind of how it basically started and and got to where we are now I would say that's kind of the the overview if you will awesome and so the short form video content that translates into Cloud Cowboy which is a clothing store correct yes so correct I basically was just learning how to market for the last two years and I got it to the point where I was running in online business selling coaching online so I was basically Consulting people who were trying to get into Aviation and even some people that were already in the process but they needed help on specific things or like which which direction to go in their Journey because Aviation has so many different options there's Airlines there's corporate there's just there's tons of options you can really do a lot of different things and there's a lot of different ways to do the training as well so being able to help people along that Journey was the first business that I started online um I had other ones throughout the years but none of them lasted what happened with those uh they were just like when I was my first business I ever had was I was a DJ in high school my parents used to own a gym and they had these big speakers that they didn't even know how to use and so I figured out how to use them and so I I would just hook them up I used to play Call of Duty in my room with speakers like pretty much as tall as me lights out just bass all the way turned up it was fun and uh but anyway I learned how to use them and then I started doing sweet 16 parties I was like 15 years old and my mom used to have to drive me to the parties and yeah I would just play music like I always have loved music and I still do and I think that's actually one of the things that have helped me make these videos is because Tick Tock is primarily a music app so if you can find like new music that people aren't aware of or old music that people haven't heard in a while that resonates with people and create a story around it it's a great way to get viewership so all those skills have still still been morphed and used but the business died out because um you know when I went to college I just I didn't bring the speakers and it just you know but if you gain experience and you learn a little bit about what you really love which really don't like there was another thing earlier that you said about when you took that first um flight from here and you knew but once that aircraft leaves the ground there's no safety net anymore yeah and it's the same thing with maybe a person exiting a career that they have that they where they want to start their own business where they want to there's no safety nets we always talk about that so kind of a neat little parallel as well yeah I I have always said Flight Training parallels life so well because there's there's no ego allowed in aviation it's like each lesson you take you're basically just facing failure like each time there's always going to be each time you learn something new there's going to be another thing added to the list that you have to try for the first time fail at get instruction on and then go from there and so it's so well like I I really I credit Flight Training to a lot of the success that I've been able to achieve in like marketing and business because it's you know you just you have to just kind of just take a few punches School of Hard Knocks you know and just figure out along the way like when I first started making videos I was actively losing followers I started posting them on my personal like the account that I have now that has a hundred thousand followers is just my personal Instagram I just started posting just videos about what I was doing as an instructor working out flying whatever and the people that were previously following me from high school or college there was a percentage of them that were just like not about it they were just like eh I'm gonna unfollow you know it's like okay yeah I see it and then yeah so they probably see my videos now and they're like what you know I like to think about that so good for you that that like actually gets me so amped up because like you know you talked about failure and you know I Sean knows my whole story but I at sap and you know this whole podcasting thing this is my third or fourth go around at trying a business and like I think people I say this all the time but people have this mentality that you know you start a business and you become successful and it's like an overnight thing and you just you know it's you know you're gonna own a business and make a ton of money it's like no you eat for a long time yeah you know and like you have to be willing to fail and I love how you talk about how in aviation it's like you have to try something new you're gonna fail at it and then you gotta learn from it and keep moving forward you know like and Sean said it's such a great parallel um and I want to touch a little bit on you had mentioned on earlier in your story how you started in business school and one of the things that you um I kind of said was you realized it was kind of old-fashioned and wasn't really with the Modern Times And we talked about this on previous episodes where you know there's a study that says that in the United States the business schools in this country teach students how to run the top like five or one percent of companies in the United States uh and it doesn't teach you about entrepreneurship doesn't teach you about how to get a business off the ground how to be creative how to be Innovative and things like that um and so I think you have a really interesting perspective because you've come from that background so if you've been mine kind of talking a little bit how like you know maybe business school helped you in your in your business now or how it maybe kind of has changed your thinking yeah I I think one of the issues in the modern system is that people don't actually go there to learn right so that's that's just an overview kind of issue with college in general um but I I felt like even when I was in the business school I went to college for a different reason than most people so I went to Liberty specifically because I wanted to access the knowledge that I did not currently have right and I and I think some people go to college with that some people don't some people go there because they want to just go party and maybe they like need the piece of paper at the end right and so going into it with the mindset of no like I'm paying for these classes when I sign up I'm buying the book I'm going to read the entire book right most people don't read their textbooks I don't you know I don't know what your experiences was but that the people that I was surrounded by at College didn't there was maybe like they would study a section for a test or something along those lines but nobody was reading their books like to the amount that each instructor was prescribing and so that was something that I was like that's that's pretty weird you know like why are people studying why are they paying so much money and then just not like taking in the information that they're supposed to be learning like so I read my entire microeconomics textbook in the dorm on the top bunk every night and I read the entire thing and I was like this just isn't it I was like why am I paying and and you know this isn't anything against Liberty like I actually really liked my time there I think they had good instructors like this isn't me bashing Libby I think it's just a broken system absolutely we were we were reading a book on microeconomics and the teacher was just going over the parts of the book that we were supposed to be reading on our own and so and then we were evaluated on on what we read and some of the questions on the test weren't even from what we read or what he had gone over and I was just like what is this like why like you know and so I was just frustrated and basically um that was kind of a turning point that was that was where I got really frustrated because I was like I can read books on my own you know and so that was really when I had that when I said like I can I can just look up what books were supposed to be reading read them on my own and and take notes and like figure out what it's trying to tell me without this middleman person and when it really came down to that I was like so why am I here right so why am I here right why am I here why am I paying these people so much money just to grade my tests when the questions aren't even on specific sections that we're supposed to be reading it just it was just Madness you know I feel bad for you that you missed all the partying though that's an important piece I you know funny enough I did get a lot of that in as well mostly during the Summers though I will say so I lived in Ocean City Maryland which is actually where I got my my license my first pilot license my private license and I partied it up man we had a good time I was 21 years old I made up for it in the Summers I was very strategic Egypt with when I used my my partying so that's hilarious yeah go ahead no I just say my college experience was you know similar in that I wouldn't I won't say that I went home and read my textbooks but I remember my background was computer science I had degree in computer science and you would learn a theory in school so you would learn the basics on like you know here's how computer systems work here's how you know object-oriented programming works and you know it's not saying that it's a bad thing it's a good thing you understand that that basis you know uh but when I got to the real world I remember the first thing I did was like you know like oh crap I actually don't know how to use this language and I don't know how to build a server I don't know how to in other words I had to like learn on the job yeah and it's like that's how I kind of got into app development too because it was like I started watching YouTube videos or reading books about app development I was like okay like there's this whole new thing out there that they didn't really teach you in school yeah and it was like I actually felt at times that I wasted some time because it was like if I would have just spent the last four years finding my interests finding the type of things that I liked and learning about those and teaching myself like what I the stuff that I do now the Consulting I do now I taught myself you know school did not teach me how to build mobile apps or design mobile apps um I learned it on my own you know I had the theory I learned from school but I had a similar sort of experience and it's it's you know I always I always I think I've said this before if I were to if I could see into the future and know hey like my career is not going to be sitting at a nine to five job it's going to be you're going to be an entrepreneur you're going to start a business you're going to do your own thing I don't know that would have went to college I think I would have like Found What I'm passionate about almost like you said about flying and figure out a way to work into that you know everybody's on a different trajectory though you know I I feel like this is my opinion on on the college thing so you get there and you learn some things to me it proves you can complete something all right if you end up graduating get a degree or whatever if you go back and get your Masters then you have an aptitude for something there's there's something more that you enjoy but the the pieces beyond all of that and college isn't for everybody pieces beyond that become your your PhD that's your doctorate um it's the real life grinding that you do and the experiences you pick up the people that you meet you know you talk about traveling around and things like that it's you learn about different business Acumen Arts food culture in different cities and in countries and things like that that's what in my opinion helps you pull all the rest of it together and that's what shapes you um forward it's it's all the little things you enjoy you've got a foundation to start and then you just move and like Antonino you were talking about the failures here and there and things that you learned different experiences right it's it's the same thing you're banking all of those experiences all those failures I'm not saying so you can't make the mistakes a mistake you know again it's going to happen things are going to happen it's how you persevere through all of these different things of what you take away from it um but that's that's my whole little Spiel on on the whole college experience you know I did I had a lot of fun in college um after after I was employed I went back and got my masters on their dime which was really nice was 100 tuition reimbursement which was great and that something can never be taken away from any of us you know but um then there's the real life things that start to happen particularly too when you get into um not only your work life but then your personal life your family you know other things that you really need to be considerate of inconcerned about you know that that helped shape you as well you guys will all see that probably at some time too you know but this is great I um I love learning about different people and what they're what they're passionate about and why um and I love going back I hate to keep going back to this but whenever you said about that spark that spark is so important I can't emphasize that enough because once you find it because there might be a lot of people listening go what the hell is he talking this what's a spark what's he talking about you'll know when you know that's all I can say about that piece yeah yeah absolutely um so yeah I mean like so if you wouldn't mind kind of tell us about Cloud Cowboy I always like to ask sort of how did that name come up you know Cloud flying sure you know I'm not an aviation guy but yeah you know a white cowboy so a cowboy in aviation was already a term right and it basically means like Daredevil someone that kind of um you know doesn't necessarily Skirt the Rules but kind of like you know they'll be flying when it's windy you know what I mean they'll be they'll be flying when when it when most people aren't kids yeah like nothing outside of of the safety you know I mean within their minimums we call it personal minimums right so it's like you have a certain threshold of which you have experience and you feel safe to fly and basically it just means that your threshold is is a little stronger than somebody else's you know and so the cowboy comes in because that's that's already a term right and that's what it means and so Cloud Cowboy um my my business partner Max he went to Liberty as well as did my other partner Ken we all have our roles and we can talk about that in a second but um when Max came to visit me in Pittsburgh Ken was living with me at the time finishing up his training I was instructing him and we were all just hanging out you know having fun catching up and Max was telling us about the student that he had who used to smoke his e-cig in the plane and they called him the cloud cowboy and I was like I love that I was like that is awesome I was like that's a great name and so I had already been scheming up doing a uh like merchandise company for Aviation because I I felt like no one was really doing that and doing it well there was a few people that that were trying their hand at it and I didn't think I thought we could do it as well if not better right which is kind of how business goes right so there was nothing modern is basically what it came down to there was nothing for people our age that was like in style at the current time right it was always stuff that was like just your basic I'm a pilot shirt you know what I mean it's like you know Pilots looking down on people since 1905 or what do you know it's like come on so um that was how it started because I I had already been thinking that I wanted to do something along those lines he came and visited me and my roommate at the time can talked about the name and then that kind of sparked it all because we just started talking about the business we were like well let's let's just do it like let's figure it out let's do it and that was in 2022 and it took us a full year pretty much to get it off the ground and get it to the point where we felt ready to push forward and announce it and drop it if you will um clothing drops you know and so most people probably don't realize that they don't realize that there was a year of work meeting every week having tasks to do each of us figuring it out and we made so many mistakes along the way like so many we went down so many Avenues and rabbit holes that were so unnecessary we spent a lot of unnecessary time and just wasted time on stuff that we never needed to do but that's how you learn right so we figured it out and we and we you know found the right things to do and now we just do those and I think that's something that has allowed us to grow a lot faster is that we have three of us right then you know they say two heads are better than one I think there's actually a Bible verse that's like three strands make a rope much stronger something along those lines and we've kind of just dove into that full force and I think if I would have tried to do it on my own there's absolutely no way that would be where it is today it would have it would have maybe just been a few t-shirts on my flight instruction website you know which is a whole different thing like we never wanted I never wanted to just sell merch I wanted to have a clothing company I wanted to have a separate brand from my own that was Standalone and successful and I feel like we have achieved that now and it's only been really three months so but again we there was a whole year backtrack that people don't know about and so it's been a year and three months but um you know from the surface it's like these guys are killing it you know it's like but it's like yeah you didn't see us in the trenches you know what I mean you did you had no idea all those little paths that you start to go down as you're trying to figure things out number one it's not only costly out of the wallet but it's from a Time perspective you know we all have the same hours and minutes every single day but the amount of time you invest in stuff where you're like what the hell just happened what did I do yeah and um that's where I hope by us putting this information out there that it helps other people that are in similar situations um cut to the chase a little bit quicker they're gonna have to go through their own series of paths and they're going to have to learn on their own but maybe there's something we share with them now that they're able to to find some value in down the road definitely that's what that's what boss juice is all about really love it man capturing these cool stories um the the apparel how do you how do they find this where where is this available so we have a website cloudcowboy.shop we also have an Instagram uh at Cloud Cowboys okay and uh yeah that's that's the easiest way most of our most of our stuff is sold on Instagram we have it linked to our website and we do all of our marketing primarily on Instagram we're looking to expand we have some things in the pipeline that we're kind of working on but most of the stuff right now is Instagram related that's where our community is so yeah that's nice and it's funny too because you learn a lot about from a from a marketing standpoint the demographics of the of the people that are behind you you know with these social platforms and the different tools you learn so much about the audiences that start to migrate towards you and make purchases and things like that yes that's really cool yeah thank you that is awesome and so I know you said you're you have a good following on Instagram and I know you spent a lot of time prior to starting the clothing store about building up a following and building content has that been helpful for the for the business or is it definitely okay yeah I would say on top of just having those skills to be able to use for a separate business it's also just helped like I look at it as like influencer marketing semi-cringe term nowadays but yeah whatever you want to call it right I mean you get people that already have eyes on their channel uh wearing your stuff I look at myself as just one of the people doing that for cloud Cowboy we have others uh and and that's kind of how I wanted I wanted to be like maybe I'm like kind of the main guy but there's tons of other people that are wearing the stuff and and that's kind of how I see my role uh as far as with my own personal Channel my role within the business is completely separate yeah so if you wouldn't mind kind of talking about that too because you mentioned two other business partners yes in your business how what roles do they play although are they all Pilots as well they are all Pilots as well yes my the finance guy is his name is Ken he also does sort of like uh all of our web development and stuff like that uh he is a wizard when it comes to figuring out the website it comes to like the back end stuff like without getting too into like nerdy details like he's right now building an inventory system for us to be able to have it so we can have basically multiple um stores set up at once and it all tracks from the same inventory system so just stuff like that that I would never have the skill set to be able to do or if I tried to learn it it would take me way way too long to be able to do it so um he that's his primary function is the finance and the kind of the web you know development slash maintenance and customer service stuff because he also does a lot of the shipping gotcha and then um my other partner Max is um max Johnson Ken Warner is the other one so um just so everyone knows shouts out yeah Max is the operations guy as well as design so he is primarily in control of talking to the designers talking to the suppliers getting all that worked out and he also has a very very keen eye for uh design so he designed our website he just he's very in control of like the little things about our Instagram he designs a lot of the products with also Kennedy's input but he's kind of the guy that is in communication with the artists and kind of making that happen so my role primarily is just sales and marketing I find influencers I create a lot of the content that we post Max also has been a big help in that area as well because I can't do it all on my own but I come up with a lot of the the strategies and kind of also I'm kind of like in the I guess you could say like the head seat whereas like I'm kind of like I come up with a lot of the business strategies in the sense of like um just like business planning and then I don't know you guys know the EOS system operator rating system so my one of my business partners uh Jim Gabriel's my uncle yes he subscribes to that he like loves that he's been the past like two months been trying to get me to get on board you should it's incredible it actually probably to save their business like in in the trenches right when we started implementing that that's where everything started to turn around and we really got a lot of momentum and we were able to kind of there was a point in the trenches where things were getting really frustrating and we were at a point where we weren't wanting to quit but we were like this is just everyone was really busy like one of us was at Airline training and I was deep in instructing Ken was working at a factory like and we were all trying to communicate and have meetings similar to how you guys were saying earlier this can be a struggle to get everyone to have their schedules line up um but the system basically allows it so that it's not really required for all of you to be in each meeting you can have it so the tasks are set you know what you're accountable for and you move forward and so that is basically my role is implementing all of those systems making sure that we're continuing to move forward and kind of business planning and keeping all of us communication I'm the glue between the two of them because I was friends with each of them sort of individually and as we became Partners they had known each other and they'd hung out and and you know they were acquaintances if you will but as we became Partners uh it's kind of been my role to just bridge the gap and make sure that they're they're both um you know that we're all just kind of moving forward so yeah that's awesome that is awesome it's cool it's fun when you get into um these Partnerships and businesses but then there can be this wonkiness too that includes family and everybody else that might be contributing to to your business um but it's always interesting to see how it all plays out um sometimes I I mean I've been around the business long long time and it's interesting to see how things dissolve how new things come together it's crazy and the cool thing is you'll get to experience this over time yeah you know nobody has a crystal ball or anything like that we can't figure out where it's going to go but we're we're smart and we can map things out and um just like um how the pandemic few years ago had changed so many of my clients businesses or the way they conduct business it's just crazy little things that you navigate through and again I think that's part of that entrepreneurial bug it's like we're wired differently yeah we're Solutions based we don't have to go through a massive board of directors and all this other tape if you will to get things done we we just do it and that's when you were talking about rabbit holes and paths and things like that I think a lot of times the board of directors in a bigger company they've been there oftentimes and they've seen a lot of different things when you're a one-person show or a small group you've got to figure out this on your own and the timeliness is such a big thing like you were talking about you know a year of planning the thing this little bug just keeps popping around here I don't know you must be interested in this podcast I love it it's our mascot it's our first viewer yeah surprised we haven't had Lantern flies popping in here it's gonna be crazy but anyhow and they're beautiful though they're they're a annoying little beautiful creature but anyhow where we go with these things it's um you know in our businesses it's great learning experience it's fun stuff to share and uh it's pretty cool you were just on a trip you were on a flight how was your flight my flight was good I I was I was I was in San Francisco um so uh yeah went there for the Google conference uh which was cool but yeah uh so actually shout out to Dylan so Dylan you can't see him on camera but Dylan does all of the the video editing audio editing sets up our whole thing here and he's the one who kind of connect us with with Rich he he was the one who he's been texting me like we got to get you on he really he's been following me for for a while but shout out to Dylan because Dylan for those who don't know is actually a pilot as well um I've been trying to get on one of his uh flights for a while but you know we'll see how that goes but um yeah I mean I have to just point out too this this plane behind us can you find one of these things I have before I don't so you need a specific endorsement to fly a tail wheel plane and I have flown one twice before but I have never received an official endorsement so it's a matter of like a two-day training session but it's semi-expensive so I just haven't done it like most of my training has just been to get like the exact things that I need to get to the airline sure which is about where I'm at now um so yeah the airline pilots make all the money gotcha shouts out Dylan again and uh so that's kind of I think like once I have that under my belt that's when I'm going to kind of Branch out and do like I really want to get my seaplane certification that's kind of like the highest one unless tail Wheels just behind it gotcha um yeah I want to own a seaplane and I want to land it on the Allegheny River that's like one of my life so those is a seaplane like one of the ones that can land yes exactly that's why yeah they have the floats you can get ones that have wheels and floats so you can take it you could sword in the airport and then land it on the water take back off land it at the airport yeah so rewind fishing in Canada a few times on different lakes and all of a sudden you'll see one come in and it's pretty cool it's it's fun watching them land and take off it's it's really interesting yeah because it's a completely different um different experience when you see that um I had a question for you so you talk about the apparel side of the business but you're an instructor as well how do people how do they find you as an instructor and what are you qualified to train them and what you know that aspect of Aviation so yeah I'm qualified to teach all the way up to the commercial level so um I actually just finished instructing so uh but but the last two years of my life have been spent teaching people mostly from zero to the Private Pilot level certification but I am qualified to also teach instrument training which is flying in the clouds and then and then you know after that you kind of move into the commercial license where that qualifies you to get paid to fly um so now that I've been instructing two years I actually am now qualified to also teach people how to instruct which is cool um but now that I have my hours I'm probably not going to continue instructing or or if I do it'll be in a very different fashion in the sense of just kind of for fun on the side something along those lines yeah so that's kind of that's kind of what I'm qualified to do but most of the most of uh the people that would be listening to this would probably just enjoy watching my videos my my account is just my name Rich Rafferty and it has two underscores in between the first and last name so if people want to kind of get it get a just a peek into what it's like doing Flight Training or kind of in the aviation environment I think that would be a good place for them to start um and then you know I have a lot of different resources for them on that site to be able to go and take the next steps if that's something that they're interested in we talk about like college education and books and things like that and and everybody pretty much has a feel for from from university university what the outlay is going to be money wise if a person comes to you and I don't need a specific dollar amount but what is like what would be a budget I mean how would a person that wanted to get into this type of training with you how what what could they expect to to pay to get involved with something like this it all depends like that's kind of what I was saying earlier there's so many different options if someone's wanting to go to the airline level then they can expect to to spend anywhere from 65 to 100 000 okay um and so it's not cheap right but the the private license which is just what allows you to take friends and family flying flying flying on your own without an instructor it's going to be about twelve thousand I mean it depends on the person because it depends how hard you study how much time you're spending outside of the plane um you know reviewing your materials you know how how naturally gifted you are there's a lot of factors right and so the the more gifted you are the more you study the more you fly the less amount of money you're actually going to spend because you'll get to the end faster learning more and basically just accruing more momentum moving forward towards the end Anthony know isn't it cool how we learn things that are way out of our lanes as far as I've never thought about that I've not I've never thought about flight instructors or um costs associated with you know that piece of Education it's really cool stuff yeah I never thought about that either because yeah you know I thought like you know you go to school and you're given the textbooks or whatever it is and it's like you don't think about the fact that you need to have a plane to learn how to fly so yeah that's super cool but um you mentioned too kind of like your future plans are to kind of get into the airlines um so if you don't mind me asking what are your future plans with like the Airlines and with Cloud Cowboy you know where do you kind of see yourself going in the future here yeah so I am I recently decided that I plan to go to Republic Airways okay which is a regional Airline they fly they're based uh like their main headquarters is in Indianapolis but they have a base here in Pittsburgh which is a primary factor of the decision there um I wanna I Wanna Live here I've lived here my entire life outside of the uh four years that I lived in in Virginia and then I lived in Florida and Maryland for a little while as well but um this is where my this is where my family is all my friends my you know I know Grant Cardone talks a lot about the power base right Ultra the network that you've developed and this is where mine is and this is where I've kind of invested a lot of time and energy into you know growing that that Network so um it's worth it for me to to fly for that company and that's kind of I'm excited right and those are the one that I plan to go to all along so there was some time where I kind of you know as I got to the end I was like do I really want to do that what do I want to do and then I was like yeah that's what I want to do so that's cool that's where that's like my next step right so I'll go to training for that in November and it's a three month process so that's going to be I'll be in Indianapolis primarily uh for the for the entire three months so I'll miss Christmas miss Thanksgiving but it is what it is you know get through to the other side and I'll be having a much higher quality of life so it's kind of just an investment of time and you know it'll pay off pretty short term so um I'm excited about that and then as far as like past that I really don't know I know I will be there for at least three years via my contract so after that it's really just kind of all up in the air if you open up unattended some pun intended yeah so I'm not sure but as far as Cloud cowboy goes I definitely one thousand percent plan to continue doing it I think it's we have a ton of momentum right now I do not plan on stopping um and so when I'm gone at training I don't know exactly how much I'll be able to do but I have two partners that should be able to at least hold down the forward and then if I have to put out a fire or two here or there so be it it might slow our growth a bit but I think we'll be able to continue on the path around we have enough steam momentum right now that we should be able to ride right through that and then out on the other end we're gonna be smooth sailing because I'll have it's it sounds weird I'm gonna have a a higher paying job and a more serious professional uh career but I think I will actually have more time on my plate which is nice yeah instructing is a much lower paying job but the schedule is much more demanding so it's just it's just one of those things so you almost paying dues right as we start to wrap up this interview on this I mean gorgeous Labor Day weekend 2023. um what kind of what words of wisdom do you have antonina usually phrases up this question about yeah you know what would you want to share um what one line or would you give to somebody that you just got smashed before before we get to this I know we're kind of coming up close on time here I have one question okay that uh and Dylan's Gonna Roll his eyes at me because I asked him this before but I'll Obsessed the UFO question man have you have you seen have you seen yes like dude see look he's walking away dude I was literally on the way here listening to Joe Rogan this like newest podcast it has the I forget the guys there's two guys names that have been like in the game forever talking about UFOs I was actually so like I growing up I was like yeah maybe I don't know and then uh as the you know I started listening to more stuff about it and the government started releasing these Declassified documents I was like there's something here and this is interesting and then um you know I just kind of I watched a few documentaries and stuff and I was kind of like yeah this probably exists right and then recently actually like two weekends ago I was at my cabin and we my cabin is in the very remote part of the woods in Pennsylvania and um most people probably don't know this but these you saw Bigfoot I'll get to that I'll get to that the uh basically it's one of the best places in the country to view the stars at night you see more stars than anywhere pretty much there's a few other remote places but it's one of the best in the country and so my cabin is pretty remote in the woods we turned all the lights off as the sun started going down everything we didn't look at our phones we had no lights on at all we had a small fire and we saw I don't know I don't even know what to describe it I mean we were looking up there it basically just looked like stars moving around but they were in specific formations they would come so I know what a shooting star looks like I know what a satellite looks like I know what a plane looks like we saw all of those this was not that okay so we were we were looking up at the sky and we were seeing Stars moving and coming together doing little Spirals and then flying back out information over a specific area and we probably saw it for about an hour and we were just complete awe we couldn't believe what we were seeing it was amazing and then after the hour was up nothing just shooting stars just planes just satellites no more of the of what looked like it looked like they were just doing Maneuvers like seriously it looked like it was the space force just like practicing them practicing some fighting Maneuvers or something I don't that's why I don't know if it was like I mean there's probably Skeptics will say it was like a comet show or you know yes but they were it was so specific they were moving they would come out of you and back in it's just it was Unreal Anthony that has to be one of the best questions since we've started doing the podcast I know I just I like I've been you just felt obsessed with that talk because like I know nothing about Aviation and you know I've kind of you know talk to Dylan about this and he says he always just like tells me like you know leave it alone or whatever but but my the thing that I was telling I was telling Dylan is too the thing that interests me so much is that like I'm not saying that there's aliens or whatever I don't I don't know about that but I was like there's the videos that I've seen of like these UFOs or uaps whatever they call them yes like the very little knowledge I know about physics like they don't abide by the laws of physics like to me I'm like why aren't we talking about the fact that like someone whether it's another country whether it's us knows physics that we don't know they're like they aren't teaching in school yeah and so I always I just I had to ask because I've heard some stories of Pilots seeing things up in the clouds and they don't want you to know they don't want you to know there's an alternative to to oil and fuel you can power everything you can go pretty deep down the rabbit hole in this one but yeah it's uh I don't know what we saw I I've never it's unidentified right I don't know what it was I never seen anything like it but I think there's pretty good like if people really want to get it get into it like there's a lot of actual credible evidence coming out now that UFOs exist not necessarily that aliens do but right that there's something out there either like you said from another country or from whoever that the US definitely has it I I definitely think that they're just like not telling us like they're like oh yeah we don't know what this is but it's like you're gonna see the next war that happens next big war like it's gonna be fought with these aircraft it's gonna be wild yeah yeah absolutely and I agree with you I think that we definitely have I think that's part of the reason why it's so like Hush Hush is that the things that I've seen like those those videos like you wouldn't want to disclose that to a foreign entity yes look what we can do yeah so yeah agreed I think it's crazy but good question yeah I appreciate you yeah entertaining that because it's like I've been deep down the rabbit hole with that stuff I wasn't that into it and then I saw that like that happened and and I've just been like deep into it now because I'm like what did we see like I've just been like watching everything I can find on it because I'm like this was just one of the craziest things I've ever seen in my life so yeah it's just like have you seen the one with like the I think it's like the USS Nimitz or whatever with like the they call it the Tic Tac one yes where like I like the Navy fighter pilots like tracked or whatever I just thought it was so cool cool but kind of scary and interesting how it like knew their Waypoint or I can't remember what the the aeronautic term that they used it was like you know it knew that like the Rendezvous point was and it wouldn't like go there I thought that was like that's like that's weird that's a whole other technology as well there's a lot of stuff like that it's pretty wild yeah it's a good it's a good topic to get into for sure yeah maybe we have to have another whole episode just on that Dylan Dylan's telling none of them yeah I'm actually interested to see like if I'll see them from the plane like right because like right now I just fly like the highest I've ever flew is like 10 000 feet like in a you know piloting myself you know uh floating obviously airliners plenty of times higher but I'm interested to see like spending a lifetime high up in the air like I'll probably spawn something like if they exist like I'll probably see them so I'll keep you guys updated you see something send me a text so then we're coming from the cloud Cowboy yeah there you go yeah yeah that's that's the future of cloud Cowboys no longer about you know whether or not it's going to be rough Airways it's going to be whether or not you're flying around yeah that's what they used to call Steve Miller man the space [Laughter] it's awesome yeah cool but uh I think we're about the word of wisdom what do you want to what do you want to tell these people if you had to give them one line about being an entrepreneur or your or your uh you know your whole yeah one word of advice yeah I would say just start just just go just do it figure it out you know because you're gonna spend a lot of time doing it but you're gonna learn so much right and that's not like some profound like that's just you know people have probably heard that before but I think it you hear that and you and you think you understand that but it's like then you're still like oh well I gotta get the paperwork to the government first and I gotta you know get find the right Partners like no like just do it like just just every day find one thing to do and push the ball a little bit forward and then you'll be surprised at the end of a month two months six months a year how far you've you've been able to continue generating momentum and everything snowballs right that little ball turns into turns into an avalanche within a decently short amount of time if you just stay consistent and you're disciplined and you just keep going but you got to just you gotta start the ball somewhere right and so I love that yeah start I mean that's that's again we use I use the word spark earlier it's it's um it's the same thing you can come up with 10 000 excuses or reasons why it's not the right time you don't have this you know that you got to start I thousand percent agree with that yeah I like that nice yeah rich thank you so much for coming on man seriously I had fun this was a lot of fun and I want to thank the zorino airport for um you know allowing us to host us out here this is cool yeah great spot thanks for having me on guys I appreciate it I'm really in love with everything and and we do want to maybe we'll do a follow-up down the road yeah about the UFOs at least yeah part two UFOs yeah all right but hey everybody enjoy their Labor Day weekend and Beyond thank you yep thanks Patrick thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @projectfenris: i'm currently a software engineer, building a tech startup and started my PPL a month ago. This podcast motivated me and resonated with me so much and i hope this guy grows in business and in his pilot career, and i hope you guys grow this youtube channel too!
The grind might be hard and frustrating right now, but after a while you'll look back from a better position and it will all be worth it.

- BigMedilytics final event. Pilot 10 overview: Hyperacute workflows – Sepsis: Kind: captions Language: en pilot 10 again focuses around hyper acute workflows but this time we're focusing on sepsis ana our biomedical engineer is back on stage we've just seen and from day one returning as well um is professor joseph redon director and head of the institute of medicine hospital clinical university of valencia team stage is yours oh then the pilot number 10 is devoted to the use of real-time location systems in to improve the time of attend patients with sepsis care in the emergency department it is clear that emergency departments are the are the most complex in the hospitals due to the frequent overflow the difficulties to monitor this and also because they are facing with patients that are life-threatening and they need to be covered one rapid treatment and one of these cases is sepsis sepsis is the impact of infections in several organs of the systems that have a very high rate of morbidity and mortality it is very well established that well it's recommended that they start the treatment as soon as possible mainly in the first if it's possible first or second hour when the patients arrive to the hospital of course today it's difficult to know if what is happening in one emergency department in the treat of these patients and with the rtls system the objective is to look for what are the bottlenecks and then in order to reduce door to treatment time this is what is trying to do to test in this pilot number 10. the design is two steps the first was the monitoring phase one pre-monitoring phase pre pre-installed the artillery system in this case we get data for timestamp of the electronic medical records of our hospital and in the second once the rtls is established we are also collected information from the electronic medical records but also from the rtls system and in this case we are going to monitor several times that you will see more explicit and more detailed in the next slides but this will be collected in the pre-monitoring step and during the monitoring and during the monitoring and as i commented we are going to confront the information that is collected by the time stamps in the electronic medical records that of course is retrospective and in the rtls we select adult subjects both sexes that in the area of triage have a very high risk of having a sepsis and then we exclude for the analysis those subjects that don't sign the consent form for sure but also in those once has been admitted the sepsis was not confirmed here you will see what is the flow of data and then you will see in the left side the information that is coming to the database from the electronic medical records and in the other side you are seeing how there are the data that are coming that are collected from our hospital but recollected here in their philips facilities then we put all together and afterwards has been analyzed following the possibility that get to access the databases and analyzes taking in account all the requirements of the gdp are here you will see what is the structure of our emergency department you will see in gray in the left side upper part that the admission after go the triage in red and after it is one area in which the patients are confronted for first time with the physicians and once at happened is or passed directly to the area of observation of observation that is the area in which all the process of diagnosis and treatment started and then we have also the possibility that the patient go to the radiology department that you will see in blue here it is what is suspected in the flow of the patients the pathway of the patients this is from admission they go to the triage after the triage go to one area in which is the first contact with the physician and afterwards go this area in a color in gray color in which the area is in and the all the blood samples has been taken and all the procedures of treatment antibiotics and infusion of uh in intravenous lines of liquids are started and then finally these patients after several hours in this observation area they will go to the critical care units or to the words for hospitalization you will see here in this case what are the data that we obtain in the pre-monitoring area in the pre-monitoring area and study we analyze 209 patients and then you will see what is the average of time that the patients follow during all the process in that and then as interesting is to see what is the amount of a time that is consumed from the triage to the first contact with the doctor and from the first contact to the doctor to the observation and room because if you look at here are the time that take from the admission to that the patients start with the real treatment antibiotic is practically more or less two hours but one thing that this is really to see is the variability that exists in times and then this is what we can obtain for the timestamp of the electrical medical records but at the time to introduce the monitoring in this rtls system that this is going to be modified and will be presented by anna here okay anna this is your floor thank you um hi again so this is uh anna lydon from phillips so now you have seen the sepsis pathway and what it looks like in the emr of the valencian hospital let's take a look now at the real-time location system that was deployed in the second phase of the project we have used the same system from soundtrack that i spoke about in the in the pilot of stroke management we first created a dedicated network of radio hubs that receives the location data then we define the areas of interest that we want to look at and we installed our beacons to create those areas in this project we only monitor patients so only patient tax that are placed in the hospital wristbands were used this is what our floor plan looks like at the installation of rtls we have room level accuracy or even smaller if you look closely we are able to segment the corridors and divide rooms to have better understanding of the paths of the patient again we can only monitor them in the areas where rgls is installed if they've moved out of this colored areas we are not able to see them most substance patients in the ed are brought to triage this is where they'll be identified identified as possible sepsis patients and provided with the rtls wristband the patient would then be taken to the consultation room followed by the observation area and finally be moved to another board at the hospital at this point the rgls wristband is removed from the patient and the pathway is deemed as complete after processing to filter patient data from all the rtls data and overcoming missing data events of patient parts we applied process mining techniques to be able to determine the real movement of the patients and detected potential deviations in bottlenecks as you can see in the graph on the left there are three locations outside the expected pathway these are the waiting room the ivy room and radiology department this will have an impact on the pathway of the patient and depending on the frequency of these events they can even represent a bottleneck now when we confront the results obtained with rtls and with emr data we can see that there are significant differences for example we see that triage almost always ends in emr around three minutes and a half before the patient is moved out of the room this becomes this has happens because the nurse has finished the assessment of the patient and registers it in the emr but then the patient has to wait for a technician to be transported to the consultation room the biggest difference we observed is in the admission to hospitalization where in dmr the patient is admitted toward one hour earlier than the the physical transfer of the patient this shows how the how the way the emr is used can greatly impact the results of the pathway indicators and lead to wrongful conclusions if we now confront the main results we can see that there's a positive trend that shows improvement after the deployment of rtls we also see that the data from rtls shows there's a significant increase in the transition time from consultation to observation that is not shown in the emr data if we go back to the initial path scrotum with rgls data we see that the common deviation is the visit to radiology before moving to the observation area the visit to radiology is what is causing this increase in transfer time and would have been easily detected it wouldn't be easily detected without rtls as expected the deviations that occur during the path of a patient in the ed have an impact on the total length of stay but when we look at the results before the installation of rtls is still possible to observe a clear improvement overall we defined that it is possible to characterize and improve acute care workflows in the emergency department using rtls we showed our rtls can help us identify bottlenecks and deviations from the pathway rtls is a more reliable source of information when it comes to transitions of patients through the pathway that can result in minute level improvements and can have great impact on the care of the patients in this pilot the awareness and the involvement of all the staff during the deployment of rtls has shown to also have a positive impact on the improvement of the results thank you amazing so like uh like other conditions time to treatment is really critical especially for sepsis where yeah it's uh it's clear and it is very well established and there are several guidelines in which recommended that in the first hour that the patient arrived to the hospital start with the antibiotic therapy and with the infusion of an intravenous line and liquids right because this is the way that reduce the risk for renal insufficiency or the necessity of go to the critical care units because they start with a pulmonary lung insufficiency and then also reduce mortality it is very well established that one hour will be the ideal point to start the treatment but of course sepsis could happen also post-surgery right but that's a different area and those are different yes this is different because usually the patients is in a world and then if you recognize it earlier by the nurses or the doctors of the sergeants then usually people from the medical departments go there as soon as possible so theoretically the same thinking could be applied in a way right yeah and concerning the diagnosis and treatment of services okay okay but in this case emergency department as i commented is the most complex in the hospital yeah you can imagine the amount of people that is arriving to the emergency department in one hospital yes and for example in our hospital that this is uh well it's a universitary hospital but this is in the middle of the city we are receiving in between 450 and 500 visits to the emergency department daily daily and then the percent of sepsis around in one year will be collected approximately in between 150 and 200 patients with sepsis yeah so additional tasks for the nurse i don't know um could that potentially impede their ability to frankly do their job no this uh we're talking about the placement of the wristbands this is also something that they do at triage with when they do the triage of the patient and they do the the assessment of the state of the patient yeah so they already place a wristband so this is not really considered an extra step at this point and then after the the placement of the wristband there's really nothing that they need to do besides taking her that the the sensor is not covered by thick blankets or so right right so there's really no extra steps that they have to take and one thing that i think that is interesting to remark is that for example from the installation of the rtls in our system people know that there are some something on monitoring yeah yeah and then seems to be that can even just only this influence the awareness and of course the the best information is coming from the rtls because it's telling you exactly where the patient is right because the time spa stamp of the doctor in mri well give the order but maybe the patience is waiting 15 20 minutes sure before this transfer that's right that this is absolutely uh relevant and one thing too is that it's very simple once that the system is still because there were one year and a half there nobody touched anything and still working okay everything that's remarkable yeah yeah that's so so the the system will help you know get us conscious and awareness of the status yeah the patient let's say throughput in a way but what about the bottlenecks how do we how do we handle those that's the tough question right yeah of course bottlenecks like we also saw in the previous pilot they can be as simple as uh creating a box of medication uh that it's always available or changing the placement of things within the pathway but it can also just be bringing awareness to the staff of what's really happening and if they know that there's a patient that it's always waiting uh for a technician to be transported from one place to the other then maybe they can do something about it either by changing stuff increasing staff members or actually changing the the workflow at the hospital so there's a lot of things that you can do to to tackle bottlenecks it's it's also very interesting the insights that rtlx brings to how things are done at the at the hospital and how professionals interact with the emr yeah and see how sometimes they use emr proactively and then also sometimes retrospectively so that can also help to change this kind of of things even that from the tree edge the patients are classified by colors yeah even that of this is not enough yeah it's not enough because not all for example the it is red for sure that the patience is just in cardiac arrest or so on sure this is a yellow that this is uh critical patients but not as much and then in these cases it is necessary that maybe will be identified much more rapidly yeah what is happening because if not as ana say right there are delays that are not dependent of at some times of the action of the doctors right sometimes too that's true i don't i don't take that culprit for everybody but this is true in a way you're actually saying this can support continuous improvement yeah sure right fantastic thank you very much we'll again take a short break and we'll be back shortly thank you everyone

- Doctors learning from pilots: Kind: captions Language: en you'd never get on a plane if you thought a pilot was flying for the first time we all get better with practice but what about doctors how do we get doctors real life experience without risking real lives pilots learn in a simulator they practice over and over again before they even get into the plane and now medical simulators are offering the same opportunities for doctors has he had a heart attack aviation let's face it is a 100 year old industry which embraced simulation less than 10 years after the wright brothers took off simulation was there as a mandatory training component and very soon after the mandatory assessment component are you happy doing the airway what drugs have we got for integration simulation's role in healthcare these days is very important because we are facing a very very difficult and embarrassing phenomena of patient safety and medical errors and simulation could be really a bridge to improve this reality dramatically simulation-based training conveys the message that we are not perfect that we can make mistakes and since simulation is about allowing mistakes to happen because no harm will be done in the simulation environment people come out of the simulation training a little bit more humbled and hopefully more aware of their own skills and of the risks and what are the deficiencies they need to breach before they go out to the field it's in many aspects meeting your nightmares in a safe environment and nightmares could be clinical nightmares emotional nightmares and combination of both they can learn about procedures for instance surgical procedures suturing and and some of the procedures that intensive care doctors and anesthetists perform increasingly however and perhaps more interestingly because it's new is we're learning better teamwork and communication training some of the things that traditionally we haven't focused as much attention on okay excellent okay so we'll finish this round and then we'll do another rhythm check there are a range of technologies that we use in simulation these include robots that look like very sophisticated shop mannequins but they speak and open their eyes and move whereas most of us have been trained in a manner which is the apprentice model the c1 do one teach one perhaps even kill one and i'm not being cynical it could happen in medicine not intentionally obviously what we were not doing enough in medicine is assessing performance we've been good in assessing knowledge we've been good in assessing uh academic achievements but we were not good enough in assessing in a structured manner ability to do and apply our knowledge on the clinical side on the inter personal side and simulation is a great opportunity to start looking not necessarily under the light but rather in those gray zones of performance keep in mind that most of the world including australia at the moment certifies anesthesiologists for example which is a very very risky profession applied profession based on knowledge based testing and all based exam tell me what you would have done we have added another component which is show me what you can do

- BigMedilytics final event. Pilot 9 overview: Hyperacute workflows – Stroke: Kind: captions Language: en our next innovative pilot focuses on hyper-acute workflows specifically stroke and joining me on stage is dr garrett yan nordegroff from elizabeth tuesdayden hospital who is a consult anesthesiologist and the chair of their residency program also i might add he was a lieutenant governor colonel sorry in the dutch medical corps also presenting on stage is biomedical engineer from phillips research anna leato the stage is yours hi thank you good morning in this pilot we address the stroke care workflow at the emergency department of edz in the netherlands the management of stroke is particularly time sensitive this condition is characterized by the presence of a clot in the brain that blocks the flow of oxygen and can lead to serious damage it has been shown by that removing and or dissolving this clot within the first 60 minutes of admission of the patient to the hospital it can increase the quality of life of this patient the current data sources and hospitals are enabled to provide minute level accuracy and indicted identify bottlenecks so driving improvement is very challenging since every minute counts for stroke patients we investigated if rtls technology can help us address this problem we started by looking at what the stroke pathway looks like at the ed what are the protocol pathways and confronted it with emr data and rtls what are they telling us the pathway is after this baseline the hospital implemented a couple of interventions to improve the work of the professionals finally we turned again at rtls and emr data to see the impact of this interventions so i've mentioned rtls a couple of times already let's see what that really means rtls is a real-time location system it can have many shapes but here's what this system we use looks like we first install a network of radio hubs that will receive the location data and send it to our servers then we define the areas that we want to look at and install the beacons to define this areas there are three types of tags that we use in this pilot we have the staff tax that can be worn as badges we have the asset tax that can be attached to mobile assets like the anesthesia cards and then we have the patient tax these can be placed in wristbands of the patients and they will receive the infrared coats of the areas that are defined by the beacons and send it to the radio hubs here you can see what the rtls areas look like the beacons are in we installed there if you look closely they are the red dots and triangles in the images and each of the areas is the colored area and the floor plan we've defined 73 areas in the ed and radiology we use more than 200 staff badges and 30 asset tags and we used more than 100 patient tags by the end of the project that were used cyclically localization can be a very sensitive topic regarding privacy so we've made a lot of efforts not only to comply to all the regulations but also to make the staff members comfortable with this installation we evolved from the start the staff union and all the staff members we provided multiple ways of communication about the technology and the projects including leaflets q a sessions and feedback sessions so that they know also what we're doing when it comes to patients we provided information about the project through information letters and the staff also informed the patients and collected consent for the processing of their data let's see now what the stroke pathway at the ed of etzet looks like most patients come through the ambulance bay where they are receiving the they are they are received by the nurses and the stroke care team then the the patient is taken to the drama room where diagnosis will start and there are two types of treatments that these patients can get and that's thrombolysis that where the clot is dissolved with intravenous medication and the thrombectomy which is the room removal of the clot the thrombolyzers can be done in the drama room or in the observation room while the thrombectomy has to be done in the radiology department in one of the ngo suites after receiving treatment the patients can stay in the observation room or can be immediately taken to the stroke unit to be able to follow the pathway of the stroke patients the wristband with a localization center a sensor is given to the patient when they enter the trauma room and removed after discharge of the ed department one of the particularities of rtls is that it only provides location of the tax when the patients are within the colored area the biggest limitation the based system is that when tags are covered by thick fabrics the signal cannot be seen by the the tags so there's no location transmitted part of the awareness that we must do during these projects is regarding these limitations so that we can increase adherence to the use of the tax and the proper use of the tax and maximize the quality of the data sorry for that in order to facilitate the visualization of the rtls and emr data by the hospital after processing and analyzes of the the data by philips we've developed a dashboard that provides key information about the kpis and detailed insights on each of the events of the pathway you can see more details if you visit us during lunch in our booth thank you anna all right let's let's go to look at some of the clinical aspects that we ran into um when we started the project we knew that privacy was going to be an issue and we were very happy to find that there was a lot of acceptance at the level of the board of directors and from the overall clinical staff okay as we started we also got all the stakeholders together at a team leaders level and took them with us in the development of our thinking and we we noticed that during the development of the project more and more concerns became specific and they addressed privacy issues primarily and one of the things we were able to say was our project was about the technology we weren't looking at the internal workings of the very well thought out stroke care pathway but we were looking at whether the technology could give us information about that we were looking whether we could create interventions and then monitor if the interventions were in fact helping the quality of care now you all know that we had to deal with covit and i'm showing you a slide that that just lets you see that every time and that's the horizontal blue bars that there was a new wave of covet the number of patients coming to the emergency department suspected of having a stroke decreased while the number of people who actually were included as having a stroke didn't really change that much so apparently the ed is a scary place to be if infection is a problem so let's look at these time stamps okay and we've talked about that before in some of the other sessions in the middle you see the emr data the data in the electronic medical record on on the bottom of this slide you'll see that the door to ct time in the square box is minus 15 minutes so one of our patients which was included in the study actually had his ct 15 minutes before he arrived and that's not possible on the right hand side you see manual data points and you see the ct scan we we went into the radiology program and the ct scan has times embedded in it that time is always true and we use those to validate our data and on the left hand side you see a column with rtls data and you see that the time to therapy became 30 minutes which is very very good while the emr time of 65 minutes in the middle certainly was not so getting that data and getting it independently from the emr even if you integrate emr data is very valuable so let's look at a number of specific points in our project okay we wanted to implement the technology we wanted to know whether we could actually see what we wanted to see and as we went along we noticed that there are things we need to address we have outliers people who enter the stroke pathway at an unusual point and create very long or very short time intervals we need to be able to deal with them we have people who have negative investigation times like that example i just gave you you need to be able to deal with those okay you need to be able to know exactly when and you heard that in dr van wagner's talk you need to know when the patient actually arrives at the emergency department so we tuned our interventions around things that we wanted to measure we added an rtls badge at the ambulance bay so that the ambulance nurse could simply press the button say i have arrived so we had a real time zero we labeled and bundled all sorts of materials that the nurses needed and put it in the next room so that they didn't have to go into the emergency room proper and potentially be distracted or asked questions while they were trying to get this workflow done and it gave us the opportunity to add content into the rtls measurement series okay and we worked towards what sort of generalization can we do because stroke workflow is very specific it's a it's a very short pathway and we're working with the university of maastricht on a phd project and with the university of radbout in what can you do with privacy aspects when it concerns rtls so back to our workflow in general these are the interventions a badge at the ambulance bay getting that uh intravenous thrombectomy materials together and getting it into a box and my own department our anesthesia workstation always in the ngo suite was typically turned off and getting it up and running and doing the safety checks costs 11 to 15 minutes okay real time delay and we brought an anesthesia cart and dedicated it to that location saving time for the anesthesia nurse to actually get there and get to work this slide shows you uh in more detail what these interventions mean who do we see benefiting from our pilot because this was a question we wanted to address well in 60 minutes of workflow getting a real advantage is going to be hard the number of people involved the number of professionals is not going to change the number of steps is not going to change however we know now based on our own experimentation that you can see that the benefit is in the lifelong health cost because good outcomes have a tremendous impact saving a little bit on a catheter is almost irrelevant as far as that goes and as ana said we invested in communication getting good news back to the professionals involved in the process motivates them a 46 year old farmer who was in very bad condition when he arrived is now back on his farm doing his work and is very happy to be alive and as good as he was because his therapy was done on time in summary rtls is like trauma care you need a team you need to communicate within the team and it needs to be organized and thought through getting it right pays off and rtls gives you an insight which you might not otherwise have you have to know what the times are you have to know what those timestamps are so that you can manage your care package and find out where things can go wrong and you can improve them and then monitor the improvements is it scalable yes it is we had a small pilot 800 850 patients can you do this on a much larger scale yes you can because you can automate it thank you amazing so i know this is about leveraging some technology but it sounds like actually there was a lot of people research and behavior change you had to go through can you give us an understanding of you know were you expecting that how did you deal with that how did you understand the context of people well we we had the idea beforehand that the people management was going to be the thing yeah we had on i said more than 200 badges out there getting people to wear a badge which will tell a system where you are and what you're doing is challenging um big brother is a concern and people forget that their fitbit is doing the same thing but that's freedom of choice yeah yeah yeah any thoughts from you on that around the people yeah we always try to to be as open as possible we give a lot information but we also create a lot of sessions of kiwi q and a's we explain little by little everything that the rtls can do and cannot do so that people understand those limitations that uh you're not always tracked like if you go to um you're a team room you're not tracked there if you go to the toilet you're not trapped there right we can only see so much you know so we always tailor the the configurations of of our setups to make sure that people are comfortable and that we have quality data of course that triggers me on two points let me figure which one i should ask first you know this brings to mind the thought that you know when industries launch technologies and healthcare organizations adopt new technologies that you know given the level of understanding around behavior change that you were thinking about here for them to start to use it and to use it correctly it's not something maybe we should be thinking more about not just with your pilot but with all innovations absolutely you have to remember that healthcare is all departmentalized okay and the emergency department is in and of itself um a department with many many departments right and getting all the people aligned and getting them to understand that there are greater interests yeah is a very interesting challenge and it would change how healthcare works if a patient becomes the hospital instead of you belong to the urology department right and that may allow better use of assets it may increase the efficiency of the care that we give i think it's a very central aspect in improving the quality of care yeah and certainly the efficiency and what about you from a biomedical engineer point of view how do you see yeah i also include a lot of user research in all the projects that we do at philips so it's also a lot about understanding people understanding what do they do not what they tell us they do but what they really do what happens and also tailor our projects to them so that they feel included and they also feel that they they want to participate and then of course you were dealing with a pandemic did the behaviors you witnessed during the pandemic do you think those were indicative of non-pandemic situations well we were unbelievably impressed by the staff of the emergency department who continued to tag patients to do really good administration even though kovit was rampant we went to the board of directors to ask if we could continue the project because basically it said we're stopping with research because everybody's focused on the pandemic um so the behavior didn't change but the patient population did yeah yeah excellent thank you again so much very interesting and i know we're going to see you back shortly

- What It's Really Like Being Married to a Commercial Airline Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it's Jen LaForge welcome to joyful living today I'm gonna be giving you this straight scoop on what it's like to be married to an airline pilot and I'm really glad that you're here so over the years I have been asked so many questions by people who are so curious about what the day-to-day life is like when you are married to an airline pilot and I feel super-confident making this video because not only am i married to a commercial airline pilot that I also was raised by a pilot my dad worked for Continental Airlines for years and actually prior to my birth my mom was a flight attendant for Pan Am so aviation is kind of in my blood so although I feel like I'm an expert on kind of the aviation spouse lifestyle I really don't know what to compare it to because literally this is all I've ever known so I'm gonna do my best to kind of explain it to you guys but I want to say at the outset for the most part our lives are just like anybody else's lives you know we've we've been raising our kids and we have to take care of our house and we have to pay our bills I might get frustrated about you know our mortgage and how expensive our car insurance is with three young adults but let's not get into that right now today I just kind of want to cover the basics of kind of how the aviation lifestyle is a little different it might help you maybe the next time you're on a flight and you look at that pilot or that flight attendant and think about how their life is and how they're just like you and how some things are different than how you live but also it might help inform your decision if you're thinking of going into aviation and I know I have a lot of young people that watch that talk to me about you know I would love to be a pilot so if that's you pay attention because I'm gonna give you the straight skinny on the good and the bad of the aviation life so let's start with the good because I always like to start with the positive we have been able to travel all over the world we have had a fabulous life together although my husband is frequently working on weekends he's oftentimes off for big chunks of time sometimes a week at a time we have a lot of fun together and we've always had a very flexible life and for that I am very grateful the the positive is for the most part and I'll get into that a little bit later he has made a very good living and although you know I worked until just recently we have been able to afford to own our own home and you know all of those kinds of things and again I'll get into the we're not super rich part a little later on but you know it does pay well the perks of the job are great and the biggest plus is my husband loves flying airplanes it is his biggest dream and joy in his life and he loves going to work and as his spouse I can't imagine him doing anything else so those are all very positive things of the aviation life there are however a few drawbacks and the biggest one I think is our schedule we do have some flexibility with our schedule but a couple of things to keep in mind Scott frequently works weekends and he frequently works holidays so we're talking Christmas my birthday his birthday the kids birthdays Thanksgiving fourth of July in fact he was just off on the fourth of July for the first time when I don't remember when you can certainly request those days off but everything in the aviation world is based on your seniority and now finally after almost 20 years with his airline he is starting to get enough seniority to get some of those days off especially in the beginning good luck and so as the spouse and as the person who works in aviation there needs to be an understanding of this sort of flexibility around days off and what that can look like it can be a challenge when it comes to making and keeping friends because you can't always buy theater tickets you can't really plan a trip out of town you absolutely get vacation but that has to be requested like a year in advance and again whether or not you're awarded certain vacation is all based on your seniority so it can be kind of frustrating especially you know we tried to do things like plan cruises and things like that and we've been very lucky and Scott has actually been off most Christmases you know we've usually been able to figure out vacations but you know my kids knew from a very young age that Santa Claus also works on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day so he of course understands the the kids of pilots and flight crews sometimes have to celebrate Christmas on the 23rd or the 27th and he actually has a whole special group that go out and do those deliveries so that the kids of flight crews in aviation as well as first responders and doctors and everybody else that has to work on the holiday that they're going to get taken care of so you don't have to celebrate Christmas on December 25th for it still to be amazing but sometimes especially looking in from the outside that's a little odd and we have had friends who just kind of don't understand why Scott can't guarantee he can get off on a particular day in fact he won't even know his schedule for the following month until the middle of the previous month so I just found out his August schedule a couple of days ago so you you really do have to be flexible now the upside to that is and my mom would tell me this when I was growing up okay your dad may not be off on a Saturday and a Sunday but he's frequently home when you get home from school on Wednesday and it does enable you know flight crew families to sometimes be there when other moms and dads can't be there so it's not all bad but you do need to understand you have to have a very flexible schedule and that it will not be a conventional work schedule the other thing that people kind of have a little bit of a misperception about is the fact that we fly for free this is a perk that I have enjoyed many many times but the thing you need to understand about flying for free is that your flying space available and I don't know if you have traveled much lately but flights don't go out with a lot of empty seats so although we can fly for free if we have an important family vacation if I have a race that I'm traveling to or some other event that I know I have to be there on a particular date I am far more likely to purchase my tickets you know Jerry Seinfeld says they call it standby because you stand in the airport and waved bye to people who have tickets so if you've ever flown standby and had one of those days I was once in the Vegas Airport for like 22 hours trying to get a flight out there is no guarantee that you're going to get to your destination ever so it can be very discouraging and certainly during certain times of the year we are going to purchase tickets this would include most of summer vacation Spring Break Thanksgiving Christmas especially if all five of us are traveling I'm going to be buying tickets and that might be post-traumatic stress disorder from growing up as the daughter of an airline pilot because so many times we were trying to go on vacation and it just didn't happen because we couldn't get on a particular flight so that can be very frustrating so it's not quite as jet set E as it might seem but having said that it is a perk that I've enjoyed we also through my husband's airline have the ability to purchase of confirmed seats at a discount and I have utilized that many many times so you know it's not all bad but it's also not quite as fantastic as it may seem on face value another thing that I get asked about a lot and and this one actually cracks me up because we had a babysitter years ago and I worked full-time the whole time Scott was flying until just recently now that I'm kind of semi-retired and she said you know I always thought airline pilots were really really wealthy and you guys just seemed normal and I laughed for like a good hour at that because anyone who's watching this whose spouse is an airline pilot will tell you we don't make nearly as much money as you think we do it is a comfortable life I am NOT going to say you know there are a lot of people out there that work so hard and are not compensated nearly enough for the work that they do however this perception that we get you know have this lavish lifestyle and get paid all this money is just simply not true my husband is an hourly employee he works very hard for his money and we are appreciative of that but we are not putting our feet up on a coffee table made out of cash and then the last thing I want to address is people always ask me would I suggest that their son their daughter their brother their husband consider going into aviation and on this I feel like a true expert right because I was raised in aviation my husband is a pilot and I actually have not advised any of my kids to go into aviation if they loved it and if they felt like there was nothing else that they could I would support it 100% but the truth is the aviation lifestyle is hard it is hard on my husband as his schedule is always all over the map some days he has to get there at 5:00 a.m. and some days he gets there at 4:00 p.m. and flies until one o'clock in the morning he never knows his schedule his days off are very unpredictable he has to work holidays it requires a lot of understanding on behalf of family and friends to kind of get the the weirdness and quirkiness of the aviation life again you you do get paid well but not nearly as much as people think you get paid so before you go into aviation I would seriously research what you get paid especially in the beginning because you get paid very little in the beginning of your aviation career and it's also a very volatile business my husband was furloughed right after September 11th it was a very difficult time for us my father went through the bankruptcy with Continental so I have not advised our children to go into aviation having said that if your son daughter brother husband is dreaming of an aviation career and that is all they can think about and that is what they longed to do with their lives then they should absolutely go and do it I just think it's good to go in with your eyes open and an understanding of some of the challenges and some of the pitfalls if you ever see my husband if he's ever flying you on a flight feel free to say hello to him I think that is one of his secret fears is that someone is gonna say I love your wife's channel and if the day that that happens I will be very happy they are just regular men and women who happen to do something pretty extraordinary they're all very intelligent I have loved all the pilots we've known over the years particularly my father and my husband and if you have any questions about kind of the day-to-day life of being a pilot please put those in the comments below and if you have any questions for Scott let me know that as well because I'm hoping I can get him to come on the channel to do a QA just about like basic pilot things especially for those of you that might be afraid to fly because he has some pretty good insights on that that's it for today if you're already subscribe to joyful living please make sure you hit that subscribe button hit those Bell notifications so that you don't miss a thing and give this video a big thumbs up new videos every Wednesday I'll see you next week bye bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @RozanneBee [41 likes]: I met my husband in my early 40s while he was a captain on UA 767s.  No kids.  It is the best thing that ever happened to both of us.  I am a loner so I enjoy my alone time but whenever he came home, it was always in the honeymoon phase.  He just retired but he got bored so he had to take another part-time job in the airline industry.  We are happy and secure in our retirement, happy to be together on trips, and just being together through our old age.  I wouldn't change anything about our life/love story.
  2. @bedknobbsandbrooms [15 likes]: Daughter of Pilot, and have had the privilege of growing up with a family that was incomparable to all my friends. Many thought my life strange, but normal to me. I have had to freedom to reach for the skies and the support to know anything is possible. Yes I would encourage my children to be aviators. I hope the passion it takes is in the DNA. Honestly, I I feel sorry for the 9-5ers exempt from living a dream as a profession. You are going to struggle financially for many years but the rewards are incomparable. I just knew nothing else, when dad was there he was truly there. Mom was a nurse and terrible flyer but even she loved what made my dad my dad. I once asked him if he worried about the responsibility of the people he flew and he responded (paraphrasing) he would be the first person to arrive anywhere he went (ie trouble) and he was coming home to mom and myself.  The old tale of a girl in every port is just that, a tale. A person that strays is going to do so no matter what their occupation. I actually didn’t even go on a car trip until my teens. I realized that was different but actually it is a very strong perk. I was unable to follow that dream but I was encouraged to have confidence in myself, and follow my dreams. I know some professionals because of their jobs have an almost egotistical approach, ie doctors, lawyers, pharmacists etc, to those they are responsible for, but!!!! THEY DO NOT RISK THEIR OWN LIVES WHEN THEY SERVE THE PUBLIC. THEY still GO HOME AT NIGHT. Frankly they have no skin in the game. I am not putting them down, but I have heard a doc say a pilot was a glorified BUS driver, or worse , can be less trained. I would be my life your opinion would be a  bit different if you happened to be on a difficult flight. I will get off my soapbox, just know you are lucky to have a pilot as a spouse or parent
  3. @ZHANAEJ [11 likes]: My husband is currently a trucker & sometimes he is gone for 4-7 days. One time, he was gone for a whole month. So as a mom, I’m pretty accustomed to doing things alone. But he just started aviation school and I’m actually excited about the pilot schedule considering it isn’t as gruesome. Also, we live by a main hub, so it’ll cut out any commute time. I’ll actually see him more as a pilot than as a trucker! 🎉 Wish us luck
  4. @christinaedwardship8627 [3 likes]: May God grant me the courage and wisdom to always understand my partner who's a pilot cause this journey needs a patient person
  5. @aimeemoore1094 [2 likes]: I just came across your channel. I absolutely love it! It's very interesting and I can't wait for some stories over the years of being a pilots wife
  6. @Fimp136 [1 likes]: Can we get some healthier food options in the airports for pilots PLEASE!
  7. @danielconsuegra4806 [1 likes]: Not sure about the money part but these days a Pilot doing it for 8 years and due to shortage of pilots is making 300-400k a year and some pilots with 20 years make 1 mill. I agree its hectic but seems a bit exaggerated I have many friends Pilots and yes they have it hard with schedules starting but when you get in the big leagues it settles and schedules are semi set!
  8. @bunobeatz5737 [1 likes]: My dad is a truck driver, i understand thats just as bad if not worse.  Hes out 2-3 weeks at a time and only comes home for 3-4 days
  9. @JamR0ck [1 likes]: I gave up on my aviation career while in training for my ppl 14 years ago when I found out my wife was pregnant with our first. I did it out of guilt that I would not be around. I am now in my early 40s and regret not doing it😢😢
  10. @RachelMos17: Thank you for sharing your experience! My husband just became a Commute Air pilot and he’s commuting so I’m trying to adjust to this new life alone a lot. I’m sure it will get easier with time😊
  11. @DisneyDingo: I often think about this.  I am probably the only police wife who can say "I see my husband more in this career than in his first choice".  When we met he was training to be a pilot but after a number of years struggling with only ever having either the time OR the money (never both) to do the practical lessons required, he decided it was not on the cards for him and chose another direction.  I was super proud of him flying and I'm super proud of him in his current career.  We still have the same shift-work issues of needing to be flexible around holidays and events but he's usually home at least once every 48hrs.  It really can be isolating but also opens up a great community of people in similar situations.
  12. @GoldFoilExperiment: it is not worth trading a healthy family life for a couple of free flights. This is my experience as a husband of a flight attendant.  The one traveling is frequently exhausted.  the one at home is frequently ALONE
  13. @GoldFoilExperiment: Is The pilots Wife working? How flexible does your schedule have to be in order to meet the required flexibility of his schedule .  I am the primary breadwinner in my family and my wife is a flight attendant. I find myself having to sacrifice a lot of family and career opportunities to bend over backwards for their  messed  up schedule
  14. @jordaneisenmanncooke2630: I know this video was 5 years ago. But I'm looking for some insight/advice. My husband is currently in the military flying and wants to transition to the airlines. We don't have kids yet and I guess I'm nervous about doing everything alone. Do airline pilots get paternity leave? I am used to doing things independent but I am scared about taking on children alone also. Only being responsible for myself is much less scary than raising kids alone. What does starting a family look like for spouses of airline pilots?
  15. @Vanavandamn: Thank you for this me and my fiancé are going on a year and he recently join the airlines, and I’m just trying to figure out a life without him being home as often
  16. @Willco-Citizen: Well this is discouraging, 40k in debt for trading to get a depressing life. Hopefully not
  17. @kingumbra5440: Question, would it be possible to take the family with you on christmas?
  18. @Flavio-t1x9y: Spouse of a pilot definitely is a special woman.
  19. @brians7419: It’s the aviation industry in general.  My Dad was a mechanic for TWA and America West.  40+ years in the business.  Absolutely great memories from him being in this job.  On the other hand, he had to move 13 times in his career to get promotions or keep a job when the base was closed. He was gone many birthdays & holidays as airplanes need wrenched on.  He fixed planes starting the piston age and retired in the jet age. He could fix anything and was one of the smartest guys I ever met.
  20. @natalialuckup1082: White, first world, privilege people problems. My ears are literally bleeding from all this whining.
PTSD because You didn't go on vacation as a child. the idiots on the internet are an endless pit of shite.

- Life of a pilot: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] congratulations guys you graduated pilot now go back to refund the 100K debt you have help me security please put your belongings in the containers you can go stop we will need to check deeper stop again we will proceed to check your bags wait a minute here is my Visa and general declaration please look at the camera thank you here are the documents what's up Moon I'm happy to see you I hope you are ready for the flight no I'm not we have another 10 hours long flight with one day stop and a jet lag of 7 hours this company is a joke and best of all we're Landing in cath Mando one of the hardest airport and Landing procedures yes but you're just the co-pilot so you will be playing Candy Crush anyways yes indeed your seat 32d sir welcome on board thanks dude I really hope no one sits next to me I'll have two or three seats for the price of one landing gear down three green lights emergency lights armed alternate flaps off Window heat on pre-flight checklist is complete thank you you want me to do the passengers announcement no don't worry I will do it this time dear passengers and welcome on board on flight 3905 to destination CMU time of flight is 10 hours 35 minutes outside temperature is 95° with Sunshine expected thank you very much dude look at Bitcoin it crashed another 15% in 1 hour V1 [Applause] rotation dude the 747 is absolutely beautiful the arrival will be painful I was wrong earlier today we're landing at 5:00 a.m. and taking off the same day at 5:00 p.m. rest is equal to duty now like if everything was normal yes I know all the rest days after flight considered as day off yes Chad hey co-pilot Moon I'd like to know if you want something to eat or to drink it's fine for me thanks Chad and you wack do you want something I would like to drink apple juice but is it free of course not it's taken from your salary do you still want something this is pathetic mate paying for your own food while working we already have lowquality uniforms the crew changes every time as well as the rosters I'm basically flying for free until I pay back my training yes I know I have been doing this for 20 years now Zuma 227 cleared the land Runway 2 a right parking brake set standby power switch off final checklist is complete it was a pleasure flying with you see you tomorrow stop stop again here is my Visa and general declaration may I help you sir yes could you bring me to the air crew hotel please are you sure it's 1hour drive from here what do you mean what I mean is that they changed the two stars Hotel recently so it's no longer near the airport but far away in the countryside and I was amazed by his talent he was able to cook 10 kg of pter can you stop talking please I'm trying to concentrate do not be disrespectful to wake up wake up man dude it's time to go what happened why are you sleeping in the airport it's because the hotel was too far from the airport I only had like 5 hours maximum in between the two flights if we count the taxi the procedures and getting ready so I slept in the airport again yes I know that very well that's why this time I booked a hotel at my own cost divide hey Mo can you please stop playing Candy Crush we're switching airspace class we need to contact traffic air control they can't know we are gaming in the cockpit yes don't worry Seattle approach Zoomer 227 20 M Southwest of Seattle V at 7,500 on Route Arlington request Transit class Bravo airspace Zuma 227 Seattle approach sork 3121 died it dude what the hell this radio is not working again I know it's always the same finally we are arriving I can't poop on these toilets okay we're back it was a pleasure working with you for two days me too see you soon for the simulator the line check theoretical and medical exams it's happening soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @MountainMadnessCanuck [1 likes]: Retired Aircraft Mechanic! Guaranteed to entertain!
  2. @KenjieDotullo: my dream job
  3. @Runorake: 0:54 turkish police btww
  4. @Nipville_45: This part is funny 0:08
  5. @ropermav: Perfect mission.  But those heros deserve a faster recovery system
  6. @ŞerafettinElçi-7382SRNKCZR: 0:52 TÜRK TERMİNALİ AS BAYRAKLARI🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
  7. @鳥鉄た: 2:36 野獣先輩どこにもいるね
  8. @BowtieIndustries: for those doing ts, the best course of action is to live as cheaply as possible to pay off your debt as quickly as possible. It helps tremendously if you can live with your parents. Also, your debt should be paid off well before 20 years and well before becoming a captain of a major airline. Realistically, you should be debt free halfway through flying for a regional. My monthly payment when I finish up training should be about $1200-1400 for the debt. Then once you work for a regional I can bump that up to 3-4000 a month, or even more.
  9. @ZeeDottyy: 2:36 id get off the plane hearin tht😂😂
  10. @ZeeDottyy: 0:09 yh i thought so😂😂
  11. @The_skygamerz_gang: 1:23 THATS WERE MY FAMILY LIVES CAPITAL OF NEPAL 1:23
  12. @UnitedAirlinesPTFS-j5q: Ppl don’t know what pilot life is, amazing (Ik it’s irony here)
  13. @UnitedAirlinesPTFS-j5q: 2:50 “Rotation”
  14. @flight_of_icarus21: I am pilot-cadet from Russia.  I agree that this way hard too much,but,in my opinon,it is the best job on the world
  15. @alexlol5062: from what i know if its a long flight they dont do nothing while cruising autopilot does everything, even land at some airports
  16. @LeningradetZ: Not shown reduction of their cash bonus due to excessive fuel consumption during the go-around landing.
  17. @Azzieyy11: Kathmandu, it’s where I live and watch your videos
  18. @ookbaba-0: yo i swear hearing the pilots announcment is so nostalgic
  19. @TUNEtheFISCH: its so motivating xD 
I want to become a pilot so seeing a realistic pickture of the job is a nice thing xD
  20. @lesgradwell7262: Former GTA pilot here and i can confirm a good job all round within mitigating circumstances.

- 10 Most Common In Flight Medical Emergencies: Kind: captions Language: en I used to do Locum tenants meaning I was essentially a travel doctor so I've been on a lot of flights and all in all I've had six different is there a doctor on the plane moments so I'm gonna go through the 10 most common in-flight medical emergencies and I'll share with you my experiences as we go through them together now first up on the list very common is fainting meaning syncope the most recent in Flight is there a doctor on the plane moment came just a few months ago when I was boarding a plane in Vegas on my way to La they made an announcement overhead about one minute after I took my seat and buckled my seatbelt in they asked for a doctor on the plane please come back to the back of the plane so I go back there and there's a woman who she was in the bathroom and she went to stand up and She fainted she passed out she had syncope syncope in general is very common and it's one of the most common medical emergencies that occurs on a plane or during air travel it can happen for a bunch of different reasons including hydration having low blood sugar having prolonged immobility meaning you're not moving around or the effects of reduced air pressure and oxygen levels in the cabin now to prevent fainting passengers should stay hydrated Eat A light meal before the flight and move around the cabin periodically but in this case the reason why this 55 year old lady fainted was that she was having excessive bleeding when she went to the bathroom and saw what she went to go stand up she lost Consciousness she fell to the ground shortly after falling to the ground someone sees her they attends to her I'm not sure if they lifted her legs up or not initially but shortly after that she ends up regaining Consciousness now if someone faints they should be laid down with their legs elevated to improve blood flow to the brain now if someone faints in assuming they have a pulse if they're awake if they're not awake you should check for pulse so assuming they have a pulse the first thing you want to do is lift their legs up to make sure that blood flow is getting back to their brain and because she did regain Consciousness shortly thereafter she tried to convince me to let her stay on the plane because she just wanted to go back home in Los Angeles which was an hour flight away but the right thing to do was to get the paramedics to bring her to a local hospital because when you have bleeding to the point of causing you to have a sinkable episode you need emergent medical attention next up is seizures so seizures it's a relatively common medical emergency on flights particularly among people with a history of epilepsy passengers with a history of seizures they should inform the flight crew and carry their medications on them five years ago I was on a flight from New York to LA and there was an 18 year old Korean lady who barely spoke any English and she had her anti-seizure medications in her checked baggage nothing in her carry-on well guess what she had a seizure by the time I was able to get to her the seizure had already stopped but she was post-ictal meaning she had confusion after the seizure once she became more Lucid we were able to figure out that her meds were in her checked baggage and she also didn't know the English name or the medications that she was taking and I was concerned that she would have another seizure this was mid-flight so I asked the flight attendants to make an announcement to ask the passengers on the plane for anti-anxiety medication because anti-anxiety meds also treat and prevent seizures we have the flight attendant ask does anyone have any Klonopin or Xanax and sure enough half the plane puts their hand up and they say they do so I go and speak to someone who's willing to donate some of their Klonopin and be giving some klonopin to our young lady who had the seizure and she didn't have any more seizures for the rest of the flight if a seizure occurs during a flight the surrounding passengers should clear the area and protect the person from injury by cushioning their head and removing any nearby objects now once the seizure ends that person should be placed in the recovery position in medical assistance being sought immediately breathing difficulties can occur for many reasons including pre-existing lung conditions like COPD in some cases the reduced air pressure and humidity in the cabin can exacerbate some respiratory issues passengers with known respiratory conditions should carry their medications and inform the flight crew of their condition if someone experiences breathing difficulties during a flight they should be provided with supplemental oxygen sometimes sudden shortness of breath occurs as a result of a blood clot go into the lungs known as a pulmonary embolism a pulmonary embolism almost always starts out as a clot in the legs meaning a deep vein thrombosis so this blood clot forms in a deep vein usually within the leg and is more likely to form when you're sitting still for too long so long periods of immobility during air travel increases the risk of deep vein thrombosis DVT and hence increases the risk of pulmonary embolism to minimize this risk passengers you're going to want to stay hydrated and perform in seat exercises with your legs and try to take a walk to the restroom this way you promote blood circulation in your legs now compression stockings may also be beneficial a pulmonary embolism depending on how big it is can cause varying degrees of symptoms the symptoms can be variable usually the symptoms it's going to be shortness of breath sometimes you have chest pain but sometimes it can lead to dizziness and it can also cause people to syncope to have loss of consciousness chest pain can be a sign of a serious cardiac event such as a heart attack or it can result from an aortic dissection but it can be also due to non-cardiac causes like indigestion or even a muscle strain regardless of the cause chest pain should never be ignored during a flight I remember another flight that was on in which they asked for a doctor on the plane this man in the 60s was having sudden onset of chest pain he was also very sweaty and I was pretty sure he was having a heart attack thankfully this happened before we took off and the paramedics were able to get him off the plane pretty quickly allergic reactions can range from mild skin irritation to life-threatening anaphylaxis passengers with known allergies should carry appropriate medications including an epinephrine auto-injector and inform the flight crew of their condition in the case of a severe allergic reaction giving someone epinephrine quickly is crucial flight attendants are trained to recognize the signs of anaphylaxis and may carry emergency medications like epinephrine on board gastrointestinal problems talking like nausea vomiting diarrhea are pretty common during air travel the only time that I did not wear a seat belt when the plane was Landing was because they called for a doctor to see this young woman who was vomiting and feeling like she was going to pass out well maybe I think it was a combination of motion sickness from the plane landing but also she was very dehydrated and extremely hungover from the night before the plane landed and she's able to walk off without any difficulty she was fine diabetic emergencies so diabetes it can cause either high blood sugar or low blood sugar when you have high blood sugar that can lead to things like diabetic ketoacy Doses dka and that is a medical emergency but much much more common is when the blood sugar is too low hypoglycemia and that can result in all sorts of bad things the brain starts to function abnormally and that can actually lead to coma and in severe cases death so low blood sugar is not to be messed with so this lady that I saw they called for Doctor of the plane she was a lady with uh metastatic breast cancer and she did have diabetes and she was feeling confused she eventually became minimally responsive we were able to figure out that her blood sugar was low we did check it at some point and it was low we got her some orange juice and some crackers and that improved her condition pretty quickly and she pretty much snapped out of it not too long after that what about obstetric emergencies thankfully I had never had to be called for a pregnant passenger experience in an emergency on the plane pregnancy complications during air travel can include pre-term labor miscarriage or other obstetric emergencies now although most Airlines have restrictions on air travel during late pregnancy emergencies they can still occur so if a pregnant passenger experiences pain or bleeding or other concerning symptoms that's going to be a very unnerving situation so when they ask for is there a doctor on the plane my recommendation is to see what other doctors and Health Care Professionals are on that plane most of the times that this has happened to me there was another doctor or a medical resident or a medical student or a nurse also on that flight so it's good to have open communication and see what their role is and to work as a team so most is there a doctor on the plane moments turn out to be nothing serious but you never know sometimes it is a true emergency sometimes you need to access the medical kit that they have on the plane and the airline will consult with the Physicians on the ground for the best course of action in that moment

  Top Comments:
  1. @DonnaRN27 [20 likes]: I had an experience on an international flight asking for medical personnel. I was a pediatric nurse at the time, another pediatric nurse and a pediatrician responded. A man in his 50's had fainted in the bathroom. The medical equipment available was like a mini crash cart in suitcases. We determined it was not a heart issue but dehydration, definite teamwork, not just the doctor stating what to do but asking our input on the assessment. We were over the Atlantic, so we had to determine if the plane needed to land or if the person was ok to finish the flight. He woke up and got better with oral fluids, so we finished the flight without a detour. Everybody be sure to drink water, not just sodas and alcohol when flying!!
  2. @Maggie-tr2kd [18 likes]: It is both wonderful and amazing that so many medical professionals are willing to offer their help for medical emergencies on a plane.  Gee, just as you have a moment to get away and relax and someone has to ask is there a doctor on the plane.  Thank you for helping others.  I'm just glad that this kind of question doesn't seem to come up about my profession during flight !!
  3. @theinquisitive-123 [10 likes]: It seems your biggest advice is to stay hydrated. Not easy when airlines have reduced number of toilets on planes to create more seats.
  4. @minasoliman [5 likes]: As a physician, I was wondering if there is a good CME for those who are in situations on what to do for patients presenting with certain issues in the plane?
  5. @the-anonymous-bot [4 likes]: Hello, I have a question. Is the art used in the thumbnails made by AI or were done by a human? If they were made by a human, who made them because they have a unique art style.
  6. @wyattstone8222 [3 likes]: If responding to a midair emergency, my understanding is that you are "protected" by the Good Samaritan laws of whatever state/country you took off from. Is that correct?
  7. @rn87mom94 [2 likes]: …Half the plane lifts their hands up…
😂😂😂😂
  8. @haqitman [2 likes]: Was on an international flight and they asked for a doctor, who was sitting right next to me and who I'd been chatting with. The guy in front of me had dislocated his shoulder trying to take off a sweater. The patient and doc were in the back of the plane and the doc came back and asked if I had any xanax. Sure enough, I did. He said he gave the patient a double dose, then was able to reduce the dislocation. The patient returned to his seat and slept the rest of the way, lol. Never thought I'd experience that, always thought that sort of thing only happened on tv.
  9. @satisfyingsquirrel3914 [2 likes]: I agree with most of what you said, but as a 20+ year ER provider, I have some thoughts. First off, nice job diverting Alprazolam on that flight Dr. Mike. Also, unless you followed that syncope pt to the hospital, saw her EKG, H&H etc, you can't say her syncope was from excessive bleeding. You said she had just come out of the bathroom, could have been vasovagal, micturition syncope etc. Keep up the strong work though!
  10. @jmr [1 likes]: A woman having a seizure was in her car headed towards me when I was on a sidewalk once.  Luckily very low speed till she crashed.
  11. @clara7920 [1 likes]: I just lost my brother in law to pulmonary embolism;  can you please do a detailed video on this condition!
  12. @anitamaredia9547 [1 likes]: What to do when there is severe pain in ear, my daughter had severe pain in her ears
  13. @thesonamverma63 [1 likes]: Heyyy doctor u are myyy favourite literary people have crush on actors ,singers cricketers but i have on uhhh from the say i started watching ur videos i am addicted to u ❤️🥹
  14. @christiscool4u: Would a seizure necessitate diverting/ emergency landing?
  15. @AeroMed_Academy: Got it
  16. @lizymojica5676: I am a RN aspiring Flight Attendant ❤this!
  17. @ZM-pm6zs: I have counted 9 common medical issues in this video.
  18. @jaybee6171: What is your advice to a person who just had a heart attack flying. Is it ok to fly or not.
  19. @gunawathiheerath8095: No only a passenger 😢
  20. @janehartsock7398: I’m an RN and was on a plane where there was a medical emergency. The flight attendant asked if a medical professional was aboard. I responded. The person, a middle aged man had fallen in the aisle, he was confused, did not respond to request of name and was flailing about. I requested pillows to prevent injury, asked family if he was diabetic or had heart disease which they denied. Because I was concerned about stroke, other neurological disorders or drug use I recommended we land for EMS assistance. After I had helped a Dr and another nurse admitted they were medical personnel but did not asses the person.

- Pilot Minute: What should I do if I have depression or anxiety?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Dr. Northrup: Pilots may wonder, what&nbsp;should I do if I have depression or anxiety?&nbsp;&nbsp; Find out in this Pilot Minute. [Music] [Music ends] Every year in&nbsp;the United States, up to one in five people&nbsp;have depression or anxiety. If left untreated,&nbsp; these disorders can lead to serious consequences. Many pilots are afraid that they will permanently lose their medical certificate if they&nbsp;are diagnosed with depression or anxiety. In fact, pilots with mild cases&nbsp; may sometimes be issued a medical&nbsp;certificate by an Aviation Medical Examiner. Even if you need to take medication to stay well, you may be able to get a&nbsp;Special Issuance from my office.&nbsp; The most important thing is that you receive&nbsp; treatment early so that you can get better.&nbsp;&nbsp; We don t want you to get worse because you're afraid of losing your medical certificate. If you feel like you need help, talk with your&nbsp;primary care physician or a mental health advisor. And remember to follow the I'M SAFE&nbsp;personal checklist before you fly. You can find additional&nbsp;information in the AME Guide. Until next time, see you up there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tungstenair375 [64 likes]: HAH "may receive"
  2. @igclapp [40 likes]: Thank you for this video, Dr. Northrup. However, would it be possible for the FAA to put time limits on questions related to medical history? For example, 30 years ago a person was treated for depression during college. Treatment was successful and there was no subsequent event of depression after treatment ended 30 years ago. Since there is no time limit on reporting, a new pilot applying for his/her first medical certificate has to report the treatment of depression 30 years ago. The FAA may then require him/her to undergo a psychiatric exam at considerable cost. Wouldn't it be better to ask on the medical application if there has been any treatment for depression in, say, the past ten years? Thank you.
  3. @josephkaminski1857 [39 likes]: The first thing they can do immediately is TERMINATE the verifications and testing needed for Depression that has been resolved 5 or more years prior to 3rd class application. It is ridiculous to do all that is required in a deferral over a depression that is long over and only stated on application by the applicant to be truthful according to the law. Because the question asks if YOU EVER IN YOUR LIFE had.  It seems to me as a former NASA technical director that the FAA requirements to prove what a Depression status was that is long resolved and over and not even treated anymore is ridiculous. It should stop Immediately, and it can be stopped by a immediate directive from Mrs. Northop.
  4. @lancedunlap1418 [16 likes]: The rules the FAA has put in place are set up in such a way that any mental illness or even mental stress that you seek help for can end your flying career.  It has created a situation where pilots are afraid to seek help or to ever even admit that they may need assistance. So we have pilots in the sky who need assistance but cannot ask for it.  
The FAA's response is to make a one-minute video, that says you should get help... and you MAY not even lose your medical if you ask for assistance, very reassuring FAA.  
All the while showing someone enjoying their flying privileges, that you MAY not lose if you seek help.   
It's a callous video from the FAA that comes off as flippant and fails to address any concerns that someone who would take the time to watch the video might have.
  5. @joejoey7272 [16 likes]: FAA be like : functioning alcoholic… right on sir keep it up
Seeing a psychiatrist because an acutely onset of depression… go right to jail
  6. @Steve-Maverick [9 likes]: Beware! It takes thousands of dollars and many. many months (or years) to maybe, just maybe get cleared. Once cleared with a special issuance, it's virtually impossible to get a regular issuance when you're off the meds, even if it's been years since last taken. The PR campaign by the FAA about embracing mental health issues and providing pathways to fly is very disingenuous for the average GA pilot, especially if you don't want Basic Med. The problem Dr. Northop is "Have you ever...". Until you fix that, you're encouraging pilots not to be forthcoming despite what you profess on your 1 minute video.
  7. @koller8930 [5 likes]: "Pilots with mild cases may sometimes be issued a medical certificate" L M F A O
  8. @MrUranium238 [5 likes]: I don't trust her
  9. @Jirekianu [4 likes]: A pilot is still not going to go to a therapist or counselor because if they receive treatment for depression, anxiety, or other very common problems in a high stress job. And god forbid they take medication for it. They'll be grounded and pretty much left that way for life. The FAAs stance on this subject is laughably out of touch with reality. And basically just breeds a culture in which pilots refuse to ever seek help and they eventually just implode from stress. Leading to catastrophic results because in refusing to tolerate a person bending, the FFA assures that they'll break.
  10. @ytmusic4388 [3 likes]: Summary TLDR answer: Shut up and deal with it.  Alternatively, seek treatment be prepared for a lifetime of declarations, investigations, assessments, months of waiting and agony bound to worsen your symptoms, i.e, give up flying.
  11. @phish_1 [2 likes]: I’ve already tried all of the medication!!!

Maybe my money or savings from working hard will be finished just because of buying medication!!!

I can’t buy anymore medicine!!!! 😂😂😂

Honestly I have depression and anxiety because of too many bills. Poverty gives me depression and anxiety!!! My money is already finished!!! 😂😂😂

I’ve been to the doctors already and my salary just went to them! Sometimes I can’t buy anymore food just because i have to priority my medicine and pay the  doctors!
  12. @hellogoodbye4728 [1 likes]: Liar
  13. @sjmoore1895 [1 likes]: yea this doesnt help. "may" vs "shall".
  14. @jagboy69 [1 likes]: So I have a student that claims he is a house plant, but still wants his private certificate.  Not sure how to proceed with this one?
  15. @bbbb6716 [1 likes]: What a crock of sh%t. FAA-takes your medical and hence your ability to make a living because you tell the truth regarding being depressed. No job, no money and now the real depression starts. Govt: always f%^king this up.
  16. @claudiacyrankowski1162 [1 likes]: Speaking of mental illness, the FAA are full of two faced liars. I know people that have ADHD and are flying planes as work and they can’t even get relief from their symptoms because the medications they need to take are on a No-fly list, change your policies before your pilot shortage gets out of hand.
  17. @mnflyin5549: You should turn your wings in an never fly again because you are not mentally fit to fly.... Duh
  18. @idiot_in_a_box: Maybe just maybe...just let people use medication, because the people who are not on medication are the ones who are more likely to commit suicide in an aircraft. How the faa treats mental disorders is ridiculous. I shouldn't have to shell out $10.000 to some money hungry hims neuropsychologist when with therapy and proper treatment BY ALLOWING MEDICINE can reduce the risk of suicide. It shouldn't be at this point where people are hiding it because of how YOU THE FAA are handling it. People shouldnt have to have the fear of going to a therapist and putting them in peril of career. Something needs to change Dr.Northrup because right now we are years behind how other countries are handling these issues
  19. @Imhotterthenyou11: Remember kids, lying to the government is a moral obligation.
  20. @TheLoon4ever: Did yall get permission to use those Meeples ;)

- Pilot skills being used to help reduce errors by doctors: Kind: captions Language: en what do Aviation and Medicine have in common both entail high pressure environments and the need for quick decision making to protect patients Aviation experts say that the culture and Safety Systems in this industry could help reduce mistakes in medicine former heart surgeon turned pilot Captain Nile Downey says that the name blame and shame culture in medicine is wrong and that in aviation Staff feel able to speak up if a mistake is made without the fear of disciplinary action or dismissal first of all a just culture if I make a mistake tomorrow I can pop my hand up say from the knowledge that I won't be disciplined and I won't be dismissed as long as there's a genuine mistake not it doesn't cover close negligence and it doesn't cover deliberate harm so it's not a get out of jail free card Healthcare still tends to operate name blame shame retrain here in this muck theater at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland postgraduate medical students are being trained in real life patient situations figures from the Irish Hospital Consultants Association showed that eight in every 10 Consultants screened positive for Burnout last year long hours and tiredness increases the risk of errors in medicine and places patience at risk unfortunately the levels of stress and burnout are on the increase all the time we would draw a distinction between burnout as being something that is a response to unsupportive working conditions and you know systems that are not working properly and so therefore the solutions you know will lie there College says it is the first in the world to have mandatory training in human factors and the students must pass this skill set we look at what went wrong rather than who went wrong we dig into the system to see why did I make a mistake today I've been flying for 24 years why did I not make that mistake last week RTE News

- The Real Reason Pilots Avoid Medical Treatment: Kind: captions Language: en Do politics play too big of a role in FAA's&nbsp; decisionmaking? Absolutely yes. This has been&nbsp;&nbsp; my biggest problem with the FA's aeromedical&nbsp; division. I have constantly said the FAA aeromed&nbsp;&nbsp; fear, right? The fear of those doctors is not&nbsp; making an unsafe national airspace system,&nbsp;&nbsp; but rather having to sit in front of the Senate in&nbsp; a congressional hearing and answer questions about&nbsp;&nbsp; why they certified an individual. So what ends up&nbsp; happening there is they end up making decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; based on their fear of Congress and they don't&nbsp; make decisions based on clinical medicine which&nbsp;&nbsp; is what we are begging for which is what the&nbsp; regs call if they were making decisions based&nbsp;&nbsp; on clinical medical evaluations or clinical&nbsp; medical evidence then the regulations would&nbsp;&nbsp; reflect that the policies would reflect that&nbsp; the guidance would reflect that and as clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine evolves and as we learn more about&nbsp; different conditions and different treatment&nbsp;&nbsp; methods, we would expect that policies,&nbsp; guidelines, and regulations to reflect&nbsp;&nbsp; that evolution in clinical medicine. We don't&nbsp; see that. In fact, we see quite the opposite.&nbsp;&nbsp; We see the FA who have dug a trench back in&nbsp; the 80s and said, "This is as far as we're&nbsp;&nbsp; willing to go with clinical medicine." And&nbsp; the regulations match that back then. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the only clear answer to well then what is guiding&nbsp; the decision-m if it's not clinical medicine? How&nbsp;&nbsp; are you making decisions about what pilot can and&nbsp; cannot fly? It's fear. It's fear of those doctors&nbsp;&nbsp; from legal liability despite the fact that we have&nbsp; federal toward immunity act. It's fear of those&nbsp;&nbsp; doctors from having to sit in front of Congress&nbsp; in a Senate hearing and answer questions about why&nbsp;&nbsp; they certified uh who and and for what reasons.&nbsp; And it's fear about not GS climbing or promoting.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's the problem. And what that culminates&nbsp; into is an environment that really isn't safe,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? It makes pilots circumn rags, right? It&nbsp; makes them not seek treatment. It makes them&nbsp;&nbsp; not report treatment. Um because they're having to&nbsp; adopt to a clinical medical standard from the 80s.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it essentially makes the airspace unsafe. And&nbsp; I really really think that that unfortunately this&nbsp;&nbsp; is this is a phrase that I've said forever&nbsp; that the FAA's rags and their policies and&nbsp;&nbsp; their guidelines are written in blood. The only&nbsp; thing that makes them change those guidelines,&nbsp;&nbsp; the only thing that makes them change&nbsp; those regulations is when somebody dies,&nbsp;&nbsp; when there's a significant crash, when there's&nbsp; something catastrophic, in that situation, they'll&nbsp;&nbsp; change their rags because in that situation, the&nbsp; political pressure, the public pressure, the court&nbsp;&nbsp; of public opinion slightly overweighs their fear&nbsp; of the political arm in Congress. It's really,&nbsp;&nbsp; really sad to see. And I wish that we could&nbsp; go back to where clinical medicine ruled all.

- Abortion pilots: flying patients over US state lines to access healthcare: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not a big political activist. Who's body? Our body! But this is one way in which I can actually push back against the political tide. The supreme court has overturned Roe v Wade, they have eliminated the&nbsp; constitutional right to an abortion. I should be able to get an abortion no matter what, no matter&nbsp;when and nobody else has anything to do with that. Well I'm in my mid-50s, I've been a high&nbsp;school teacher for a couple of decades now and one of my great passions for the last several years is flying airplanes. His name is Buzz. The previous owner's&nbsp; daughter named him Buzz, after Buzz Lightyear from the movie Toy Story and&nbsp;when I got the plane it came with a little Buzz Lightyear keychain. And I like the&nbsp;name and I like the keychain so ... I had flown as a kid, because both of my parents learned to fly. We lived in the middle of nowhere, western Kansas, and it was just a group of cattle farmers and wheat farmers that bought some 1952 airplane I think it was. A pilot can take off from any airport and for the most part without even talking to air traffic control, without having to file a flight plan, without having to get any sort of governmental approval, take off in their plane&nbsp;and fly to any one of these thousands of airports around the country. And it seems appropriate to me to use that freedom I have to help people whose much more fundamental freedoms, the freedom of bodily autonomy, is being infringed. People who need abortion care and can't access it easily because they don't live in the city that it's offered in, are also not near public transportation hubs, like bus stations, train stations and major airports, but everyone in this country is within&nbsp;half an hour of an airstrip that can land small planes, which is where Elevated Access's pilots come in. Let's say they're in Oklahoma there's no available clinics near them, it's outlawed in&nbsp;Texas, it's surrounded by states that are in a similar situation. Let's say they are going to&nbsp;Wichita, Kansas for a one-day procedure. Flying there commercially would take about, like eight hours, because they have to fly to Texas first and then wait for a layover, but with Elevated Access they can go there and back within the same day. So that it cuts a journey from basically three days away from home to maybe six hours away from home. When I'm asked to do a flight, I don't know who&nbsp;my passenger is, I don't know why they are making this trip. I am given my passenger's name, I&nbsp; I don't even know if it's a true name or not and the person's weight, because I need to know&nbsp;that in order to calculate weight balance for my plane figure out how much fuel to take etc. I&nbsp;guess in a way I'm sort of the Uber of the skies. There's no reason a pilot would need&nbsp; to know why someone is traveling, what kind of procedure they're getting, just&nbsp;like commercial airlines don't know why we're traveling. the smaller amount of people who have personally identifying information about our clients, the better. And so I make&nbsp;arrangements about where to meet my passenger, they show up there and I talk to them a little&nbsp;a little bit about the flight we're going to make and we hop in and give them some instructions about the plane. what to expect and I fly them to where they need to go. Our typical client&nbsp;I would say is a woman of colour who is a mother to one to three children. They are very low income,&nbsp; if any income. Some of them are fleeing domestic abuse situations. They know they need the abortion,&nbsp; they know they need the healthcare and they've made the decision to have one and all we do is&nbsp;step in and make sure that they can get there. I mean I think there are some states that would go so far as to try to make it criminally illegal to even help someone&nbsp;get the healthcare that they have a right to. And there are a lot of people that have&nbsp; very, very strong anti-abortion feelings, and so I suppose by doing this I have risked subjecting myself to harassment, and I think all of us need to take some risk to help&nbsp;preserve the rights the rights of our fellow citizens. When I get to wherever the destination is we land and taxi to the small office, I help my passenger get out of the plane and say goodbye. And within a couple minutes I'm back up in the air heading back to home or wherever and she's&nbsp;off to do whatever it is she needs to do. We've always had abortion care, the human&nbsp;species has always had abortion care. So no matter what we're going to find a way to have an abortion that we need. Until the religious extremists are kept out of my healthcare, until the patriarchal misogynists it's really dangerous. I'll probably be doing this for the rest of my life. Hopefully so that my kids don't have too. It feels important to me to use&nbsp; the privilege I have as a pilot to help other people. this is&nbsp;something that I need to do.

  Top Comments:
  1. @banksiasong [22 likes]: Bravo to this man for ensuring the "body autonomy" of his passengers.
  2. @pretty5793 [19 likes]: I don’t impose my beliefs on anyone and expect others to do the same. It is crazy that people are imposing their beliefs on others to take others rights away.
  3. @tabithabrown16 [6 likes]: If some one is pro life, how can they think the death penalty is ok? Knowing how many people are falsely accused.
  4. @evesaysfreepalestine [6 likes]: You are genuine heroes.
  5. @lnlywriter9618 [5 likes]: Thank you so very much for all you are doing!
  6. @Rapaway1 [4 likes]: Legend
  7. @peterperez4113 [3 likes]: What is private piloting but a choice to be free and help free others.
  8. @justjulie2859 [3 likes]: Thank you friend, for providing services that are needed.  Texas and red stated are cruel to women.
  9. @The_Crazy_Monkey75 [3 likes]: The western world is getting crazier every day. Treating pregnancy like it's a disease.
  10. @nicholassmith3566 [2 likes]: Im shocked at how positive the comment section is.  I figured It would be full hate like usual.
  11. @valeriecouper1962 [1 likes]: These men love and respect women. They will never be lonely. Respect to their courage and humanity.
  12. @SheplerStudios [1 likes]: True heroes in my book.
  13. @4baconandbeans [1 likes]: The greatest country in the world everybody....
  14. @TheVGladun [1 likes]: Dislike, children it’s perfect and it’s our future
  15. @FaithOnTheWaves: John 3:16
  16. @mariapetras2654: 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
  17. @TheSimpleCitizen: Hold up... Did this news broad seriously say "abortion is a constitutional right"? 

Lol what on earth? Nowhere in the Constitution nor any amendments have the words 'abortion' or anything suggesting it. 

The 4th amendment also has zero to do / it , contrary to what some heard that they heard. If it were a constitutional right, then it wouldn't even need to be given to the states... I mean, what? One state says you can have the "freedom to yeet your pre-baby whenever you want, no worries!" While the other state permits , but within a frame of time or stipulations and the others dont allow that right, that couldn't be a federal law because it ISN'T in the Constitution.  

And thats one if several reasons SCOTUS was even considering it, including peogressive left's late darling, Ruth Bader Ginsburg , who if i recall correctly, even acknowledged that this OPTION, and NOT a right needed to be given BACK to the states individually... Besides we arent a democracy so mob rule cant decide what individual communities of each their own state in spite of those local ppl feel,. View or think about such a thing. The people of each state should decide on such a personal matter and vote for the Representative with the same convictions, hopefully with integrity, but that person then votes on their behalf. Hence, a constitutional Republic
  18. @INRICHRISTISLORD: This is the most disgusting thing I have ever heard of.
  19. @sunnywintermorning1941: 00:21 I should be able to get an abortion when I’m 39 weeks pregnant.
  20. @michaelmarsden8549: Abortion pilots: flying patients over US state lines to provide access to murder.

- Mentor RCA | Audio Interview with ST3 IMG | Top Tips Time Management: Kind: captions Language: en first good evening everyone it's uh nigel guillaume here lead training program director for uh st mary's training scheme and accredited rca trainer for h e e london i'm really really happy to do our second audio interview with a successful rca candidate maywish really happy that she has smashed the rca and wanted really to get her thoughts on how to approach this exam especially for those of you who are going to be sitting this coming autumn maywish welcome how are you doing thank you nigel now i'm doing absolutely amazing um oh appreciate you after the reason absolutely so firstly happy eid and a huge congratulations on your past now your score was really really quite impressive considering that on the last sitting you missed it by a couple of marks your mark has jumped up by 40 plus into the 180s what do you think changed uh from the last sitting what were the game changes for you so obviously there were a lot of learnings um the first and foremost um it's a very devastating outcome always to fail an exam so first thing is you have to put your thoughts together rather than blaming on the system i reflected on what i should be doing next although the feedback statements are not very useful per se but i took each and every statement with a pinch of salt and just avoided that so my biggest thing was i was been given an impression that it's okay to submit more than 12 minutes whereas i think what i got it was i was getting with them but to the management by 10 minutes probably so okay all right that definitely i just you know religiously i would just discard all the recordings that would have gone above uh 13 minutes and i'm doing still a lot of important stuff in those minutes i understand yeah so that's actually really important so that wasn't even highlighted necessarily in our first podcast with our our previous candidate that time management is key and i know that we talked on the course about this that really by the seventh to eighth minute you definitely need to be in that second half of the section don't you because if you don't score in clinical management you can't absolutely absolutely so i reflected on time management my trainer was absolutely and all the people around me were absolutely convinced that um i would have passed it in first attempt uh but the reason and they were very um sure about my clinical management skills but if the examiner has not heard what i've done in management then i don't blame them failing me in clinical management right so they will only mark up to 12 minutes only 12 minutes that's the absolute key exactly so regardless of how much your data gathering is uh important so just like what you said on seven and eight minutes um you have to start your management um obviously it's very absolutely crucial that you have data gathering to make your diagnosis because sometimes they give you feedback saying that you did not have enough information to make the diagnosis so you have to avoid that as well yes but you have to be very super selective in the cases so two things are always kept in mind there are cases where i have not done well and there are cases where patients have not done and there are good patients basically and there is so much you can beat about a beat yourself about that but this this is something that is out of our control so more and more i recorded um i was more resilient i persevered i i complained less there were really bad days yeah but my trainers kept saying that you know there will be weeks you'll be dry off consultations and there'll be weeks where you'll have consultations yeah second um thing that i would absolutely give credit to you um when i my my exam my supervisor is a tpd in uh in one of the east london and he usually is not getting into courses but he i took your eight akt courses but last time i was in rush i didn't take any course um and for an akt the only course i took was yours so when he said take nigel's course i was thinking oh my god i should have done it last um and i was in a very bad shape when i came to you in terms of my emotional mental health so you i'm a kind of person i like objectivity and looking at you always the objective although this exam is so subjective yeah but you were so objective about it and you were really you you gave the tough love but at the same time i got the hope from you thank you that's that's really kind of you to say and i think one of the messages there is we we need that kind of objectivity when we're marking you've already talked about your case selection that actually if you're not in that second half with clinical management just you just can't submit can you there's just no possibility of doing it even though the flow of the consultation might be quite good i mean i suppose wrapping up for those people who have just kind of missed the mark and obviously very upset and distressed as you were in your last sitting there now um you know having to wait uh several months uh before sitting the autumn rca what would be your kind of biggest message to these people to to help them attain the success that you've attained i would say time management again your um story before the symptom really helped i was doing it last time around but you emphasizing in in that just gave me the basis you know solid basis to work on that i think examiners like it really really like that because you have to get their perspective and they want to distinguish it from a gp consultation then from an any consultation or probably a medical interview absolutely gosh that's that's really hitting the nail on the head because obviously patients don't come in nice little boxes do they so they're going to have a lot of information their notes and time management is actually being about looking in their notes knowing where we are in their journey in addition to knowing where we are in terms of the actual actual consultation mesh i just want to say a huge thank you for coming on to these mental rca audio podcast and a huge congratulations for that amazing amazing pass i wish you all the best moving forwards in your career um thank you so much for your time no problem nigel thank you so much for uh being so kind and guiding us through you are doing really well thank you for all the support you might have helped a lot of people and i will absolutely in both my exams you were you were of great help thank you so much that's really kind all right take care of yourself bye all right no problem bye-bye then so a huge thank you to mayor schleyer for her insight and what she really stressed was time management giving yourself enough time to record giving your announced time to actually case prime and actually looking into the patient's notes to know where you are in terms of the narrative so you can use that information strategically and making sure actually you give enough time for clinical management so being reactive and how you market is key we can certainly teach you how to make your own rca consultations using my modified mental rca market so you can give yourself an objective score so i'm really glad to have had mayor shawn so glad to have had you guys on i hope you found this one useful do look out uh for the next one again resources can be found uh on the website mentalmedieducation.com in terms of akt and rca courses well enjoy the rest of your evening and we will catch up very soon many thanks

- Avoid This Mistake! | FAA Medical Certificates Explained: Kind: captions Language: en getting your fa medical certificate is the first step to becoming a pilot but it can be a confusing process so in this video we'll explain the different classes of medical certificates the requirements to obtain a medical certificate what the process actually looks like and the worst mistake new pilots make when trying to get a medical certificate medical certificates make sure that the pilot is medically fit to fly and the fa doesn't want to experience a medical emergency while flying an 80ton metal bird with 200 passenger in the back so which type should you get there are three classes of medical certificates first second and third if you want to fly for fun you will need a third class medical certificate this one is valid for 60 calendar months if you are under 40 and 24 calendar months if you are 40 or older if you want to become a commercial pilot you will need a second class medical certificate this one is valid for 12 calendar months regardless of age lastly if you want to be flying for the airlines you will need to get a First Class Medical certificates that this one is valid for 12 calendar months if you're under 40 and if you're older it will be valid for six calendar months but you actually don't even need a medical certificate to fly you can enjoy some of the Privileges of the third class medical certificate by using a program called basic Med now for some Pilots the requirement of a third class medical is pretty restrictive basic Med has different restriction tailored specifically to these aviators for example Pilots over 40 need to renew their third class medical certificate with an fa approved doctor every 2 years but under basic Med they can visit any doctor every 4 years and continue flying because this isn't like your usual medical certificate flying under basic Med comes with some restrictions see the link below for more information about basic Med now that you know which class you need how do you go about getting one applying for or renewing your medical certificate is actually pretty straightforward you can apply for certification through the fa Med X press this is the on online version of the fa form 85008 this is what you need to apply now after you fill out the form you can book an appointment online with a local Aviation medical examiner or am an AM is a doctor that specializes in aviation they will give you a physical exam and when you pass they will issue your medical certificate now I know medical exam can sound like a pain but over 90% of applicants pass their physical exam you just need to be reasonably healthy now the are a few differences in the requirements for each class starting with vision for distance Vision 2040 or better in each eye for third class and 2020 or better in each eye for first and second class for near Vision 2040 or better in each eye with or without correction and for intermediate Vision 2040 or better in each eye for first and second class there are no intermediate Vision requirements for third class if you wear eyeglasses or contact good news you can still get your medical certificate you just have to correct your vision to what's prescribed by the FAA a lot of people think that you can't fly if you are colorblind that's actually not true you can still become a pilot if you have a color vision deficiency but you will be restricted to daytime flying only to get the Restriction lifted you will have to get a statement of demonstrated ability or soda now this is a document that says that you have passed additional testing to lift the Restriction you can obtain a soda for color vision deficiency by passing an alternate color vision test like the forworth Lantern Test we've linked more information about color blindness and becoming a pilot down here in the description now for the hearing requirement you need to be able to hear an average conversation in a chir room with both ears at 6 feet with the back turn to the examiner there's also an audiometric speech discrimination test this actually measures how well you can understand words at different volume levels for heart and blood pressure requirements you'll go through test to determine if you have no problems with your pulse if your heart is healthy if your blood pressure is in the normal range with a maximum of 155 over 90 and for first class if you are over 35 and applying for the first time you'll need to undergo an electroc cardiogram or ECG when you turn 40 you'll need to take the ECG every year you also need to test for your ears nose and throat the am will examine your upper respiratory system and also make sure that there is no issue with your vestibular system last the requirement includes your mental health The Examiner will ask about your mental health and this includes any history of psychosis bipolar disorder and severe personality disorder now there are some conditions that could exclude you from being able to get a medical certificate these are called disqualifying conditions some examples of these are diabetes or coronary heart disease we've added a link to the full list in the description so here's the biggest mistake new pilots make when getting their medical they want to become airline pilots which means that they need a first class medical certificate but to save a little bit of time they get a second or third class while they go through training here's the catch when they're about to get their commercial license they go and get a first class medical and then eventually find out that they have a medical condition that will prevent them from getting one now they spend all of this time and money on flight training to become an airline pilot only to find out that they can't now if you want to become an airline pilot get your FirstClass medical certificate before you start any kind of Flight Training what's next after getting your medical certificate C well you can learn more about the next step to becoming a pilot in this video now thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @PilotInstituteAirplanes [9 likes]: Ready to become a pilot? Our Private Pilot Made Easy online ground school has you covered: https://pilotinstitute.com/course/part-61-private-pilot/
  2. @RR-zq3mk [6 likes]: You never know if the FAA might require a statement from your primary doctor and they may need to send a medical report down the road. So if there’s something on there that might be grounding or could cause a grounding best not use that doctor for such item.  That’s why I use walk in clinics and have a secondary primary doctor for my other issues.  So…get treatment but FAA hush hush treatment to reduce hassles and unnecessary groundings.  🙌
  3. @trevornewton9687 [6 likes]: Absolutely never be honest with a AME about your medical history
  4. @wolverinejr1897 [2 likes]: The medical laid out like that gave me a good mneumonic to remember: 6+6+12 and 12 + 48. That was easy!
  5. @elitecoder955 [1 likes]: Hey there, If I am a foreign national and looking to get a US CPL and go back to my country for conversion and employment. What kind of medical certificate will I need?
  6. @zhihangzhou7141 [1 likes]: Is overweight an issue?
  7. @topofthegreen [1 likes]: That can be a career ending event.
  8. @flaminggaming1922 [1 likes]: Guys im 15 and I wanna get into commercial aviation. I just wanted to know whether ai can take creatine and/or bcaa and still get cleared in the medical. Thanks
  9. @wheeliemom3079 [1 likes]: Question, i broke my back 7 years ago and I walk with a cane, or use a wheelchair if I have to do a lot of walking, Will this make it impossible for me to get a 3rd class lic? I wouldn't use my wheelchair in front of the flight instructor or the Dr. for the med check. I don't want to waste my time or money on something I can't get. I drive my car just fine, and even though I can't stand up straight or walk long distances I am still strong, I lift my 40lb wheelchair in to my suv by myself, so I'm wondering if my disability would disqualify me.
  10. @michaelsallinger193: Thank you, Greg! Just started pursuing my licenses in helicopter. Wish I had done this sooner! P.S. I miss running with you!
  11. @arm-y8j: Uh, so substance use is OK for the FAA.. I see..
  12. @lilfizzypoplollipopzvonecek14: Can you pass the medical exams as a level 1 autistic female? Someone told me there's a rare chance.
  13. @STYR0ER00: gang it is NOT over for me 🥳🥳
  14. @enanny0616: I tore my acl a few weeks ago, I’m doing my flight training right now, can I get my class 2 certificate if I’m still injured from the acl?
  15. @sugakookiekaepchang8743: can you get your medical class 1 if you have 20/20 partial?
  16. @niklastichy2518: I have a question, i have a peanut allergie, i have to wear everytime a epipen with me, and i am scared that cant get that medical 1 because of that allergie. And now my question: could be that allergie a condition that i could`t get that medical 1. I haven`t had a case since now over 10 Years, but i am still worried that i can`t get an airline pilot...
  17. @Dostoyevsky-u1m: I want someone to answer me pls
I am a 16 year old, I tried to off myself 3 times in 2021, and still have suicidal thoughts, i dont know if i have any mental issues but i really think i have social anxiety and depression, im planning to be a student pilot in 2028 when i finish high school,  and i've seen 2 or 3 therapists in 2021 too, but literally one time each of them, if i start doing therapy to get better, do y'all think i can be a student pilot in 2028? or it will take more time? 
also, do i have to say i tried to end myself? they were silent attempts, i didnt go to the hospital because of them, so i dont think i should mention them, am i wrong?
  18. @pilotbarbie: Why am I being asked for a U.S. Agent?  This is the first time I have encountered this on the application.  I am a Canadian with an FAA ATP license
  19. @thesolitaryowl: I just went through my 3rd class medical exam for the first time, and he never did the hearing or speech test with me..? Is that a concern? Did they forget?
  20. @ciwanicha: what about monocular vision?

- Draw My Life - Coming To America: Kind: captions Language: en - A lot of you may not know this, but I actually was born in Russia. (speaks in a foreign language) - Don't nobody understand the words that are coming outta your mouth, man. - Bee-a-whoop, I'm a young five-year-old boy in Russia, and my parents tell me that in a couple weeks, we're about to move to the United States. I can't even comprehend what that means. When you're five, six, your world is, like, this big. My world was preschool, home, maybe the ice cream store. My parents tell me we're moving to America, gave me no information about why we're doing it, how long we're doing it for. They told me I'm not allowed to tell anybody, because it was a secret. I had no idea why this was. I thought they were playing a game with me, actually. We had only 24 hours of notice to our closest, closest friends to say that we were, in fact, leaving. Later on, I've come to realize that we came to the United States on a refugee status visa, I guess, it would say. That was our governmental status. We came here to have a better life for our family, for my sister, et cetera. I vividly remember the flight. Because it was my first time being on an airplane, I was extremely excited, also didn't speak English. My parents didn't speak English, but my sister did. So she was ordering drinks for everybody, even though all she was saying was Coke, Pepsi. I was like, okay, that's not really, you don't get credit for knowing how to say brand names, and I remember the flight attendant was so kind to me that she gave me like this little Delta pin that I was like, oh my God, in America, they give pins for free. I don't have to pay you for this. I didn't know if it was a trick. As a kid, you're like, new land, new people, don't know what's going on. I'm not gonna trust anybody, but once we landed, I remember my uncle coming to the airport. He gave me a gift of, like, hot wheels cars, and in Russia, we didn't have anything. I'm talking, like, I might have one color picture of me growing up. There was no fancy technology. There was no toys. A good birthday present was markers, and little did I know, markers dry out if you leave them in direct sunlight. I left it inside of a car, and I literally was crying because I had no markers, and that was my birthday present, and our cars, by the way, were terrible in Russia. There was a company called Zhiguli. It was like, ugh. If you think whatever car you have now is bad, take a sledge hammer to the rims, to the windows, okay, maybe not that bad, but abuse it for 20 years, and that's our brand new version of our car, and then we took the car ride over to Brooklyn where we were gonna live, and it was during Christmas time. It was early December that we came. So there was lights everywhere, and I was like, oh my God, there's lights. There's holiday spirit. It's so beautiful. Looking back at it now, it was a random neighborhood in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn that I'm looking at now, and I'm like, okay, it just looks fine. Our apartment was only a one bedroom apartment for my dad, my mom, my sister, and me. Our parents' bedroom was the living room, the bedroom was cut in half for me and my sister, and the kitchen served as like the little kitchen table that we ate at with four people, as well as a computer, because we needed a computer for my mom to be able to do some work and for my dad to go to medical school for the second time in his life, in his forties, in a new language. So this apartment was a disaster. The only thing that was great about it, actually, was that it had an enormously long hallway. Me and my dad ended up getting a plastic ball and playing soccer in that hallway kicking the ball back and forth to see who could score, and the more bounces you got across the walls, the easier it was to score, because it was hard to judge where it was gonna go. That was good times. By the way, this housing is like welfare housing, essentially. It was rent-controlled. I'm pretty sure it was $400 a month when we first moved in, maybe even $300 a month, cockroaches galore, mice galore. I was definitely afraid of these mice, because my mom was afraid. So I emulated her fear. You could hear the mice running around at night when we would watch television. So I came to the states, and I didn't go to school right away. We were planning on sending me to school, I think, right after the new year. So I came in the middle of first grade. Going into school when you don't speak the language, teacher's asking you questions right away, right? They want to get to know you. She asks me a question. I say one of the three words I know. I said, "Yes." She bought it. She comes in, asks me another question. I say the second word that I know, "No." She buys it. She asks me another follow-up question. I say, "Maybe." Now she realizes this dude does not speak English. I need to find a translator. Luckily there was two girls in my class, twins, Rita and Rosa, who spoke Russian and English, and they translated. They understood where I could hang my jacket. I was obviously very stressed out coming to a new school, meeting new people. I cried the first day and the second day and the third day. When our parents came to pick us up, my mom came. The teacher grabbed my mom and was telling her, your son is crying a lot. I wanna make sure he's okay, this and that. My mom has no idea what she's saying, because my mom doesn't speak any English yet. Cry, sad, they're using words, sign language, anything they can essentially show to each other that I'm upset, and they want me to feel better. Blah, blah, blah, we figure it out. The one thing I didn't struggle with, even in first grade when I first came over, was math. Because my mom was a math teacher, and in Russia, they're like, you better know everything there is to know about math as a six-year-old, I had the knowledge of a third grader of math. So math was super easy, and I could, sort of, coast on the math component and try really hard on the English and everything else that I was terrible at, and I remember going to ESL and then my grandparents picking me up from school and then telling my grandma like, "I learned a new word today." She's like, "What'd you learn?" I was like, "Hot air balloon." She's like, "What is that?" I'm like, "Oh, it's a thing that flies in the air." My grandpa actually, and my grandma, religiously picked me up from school from grades one to three. After that, they said you're old enough to cut it in New York City. Good luck as a nine-year-old, and we started walking home as a nine-year-old. Luckily I lived one to two blocks away from school. So it was a very short route for me. I had some close friends growing up, some were Russian, some were not. They all lived in the same vicinity, usually in the same building. We played handball a lot. That was the number one sport go to, and then as I started becoming more interested in American culture, I got really into basketball and watching like Michael Jordan and the Bulls play. So I would watch it with my dad, and then my dad took me and got me this, it was like a children's ball, but it had the Bulls logo on it. I treasured it. It was trash, though, like a piece of rubber. It'd bounce too much, and when you threw it against the rim, it bounce like 50 yards back, but then when I went to go play with the regular kids who've been playing basketball their whole lives and they played with the real basketball, I was terrible, because I was getting used to playing with a five inch ball and now I'm playing with a legit-size 29 and a half inch ball. So that was, sort of, my childhood initially coming over as an immigrant. A lot of kids teased you. That was, kind of, the norm when you came from another country. I don't know why it never made me that upset. I think it was because our class was so diverse and so mixed that it seemed like everyone was getting made fun of for something. That just happened to be my thing. Something that also helped, I started doing Taekwondo when I was younger. My parents saved up enough money to literally pay the tuition of the Taekwondo school. That was the max that they could do. They were like, "Okay, you have one after-school activity. "It's Taekwondo. "We want you to do that. "We want you to be in good shape." (people screaming comically) An activity that I had with my dad to do a little father-son bonding when he had time at night was to go onto the street called 86th street in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn that had a lot of stores on it and plan out some of the stuff we hoped to buy when we had some money. One of the stores that we used to go to was called Nobody Beats the Wiz. (upbeat rap music) ♪ Nobody beats the wiz ♪ - and it was an electronics store that sold boom boxes, televisions, they had open box sales, whatever. It was basically like the Best Buy of today, but it wasn't as nice. We were never able to afford anything there, except once, we did buy an open-box boom box, meaning someone bought it, returned it, and it was still open, so we took it, and it was like 200 bucks, and it was the biggest purchase we ever had. Other stores on that journey that we used to go to that I loved, 99 Cent Store, our best friend. I'm talking we bought everything at the 99 Cents Store. Oh, pizza was less than a dollar a slice and Sal's Pizzeria in Brooklyn was the top for me. Brooklyn pizza, nothing tops it. Sorry, Chicago, wherever else people think that there's good pizza. The cheap 75 cents slice that looks like it has oil artificially splurged all over it, delicious. Oh, the number one shoe store that I had all my shoes from, Payless, boom. Love Payless. If it wasn't for Payless, I would never have new shoes. As you could tell, it was a lot of stores where it was humbling, but it's only humbling looking back now, because back then, I thought Payless Shoes was a dope brand. There's so many more options than what we had in Russia. So what you have here and you may think is bad could be way better than what we have in other countries, and I think that's sometimes lost in the messaging of my social media content. People think like, he's successful. That means he was always successful, or he probably comes from a wealthy family. That's furthest from the truth. I had a great family, very supportive family who worked very hard, educated in two countries. There was a lot of work put into that. There was a lot of times where we were on the bottom, bottom, bottom, and in order to get to where we are today, we had to put in a lot of work, and I want you to not lose sight of that, because I think the beauty of where we live here in the United States is that opportunity is available for you. You have to be smart. You have to make some wise choices, and you may mess up, and you may have setbacks, but if you keep working at it, I really think America's the best place for increased opportunities. I mentioned my sister earlier. Well, here's a full video with me and my sister to see how well she knows me. Watch it. It's a blast. She basically roasts me the whole time. As always, stay happy and healthy. I'll see you on this video, though.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ignatious_Koopa [1 likes]: Wow.
  2. @Syntart [1 likes]: Here we are -- fast forward to today -- and let's talk about immigrants, how much they contribute to American society, arrivals on a refugee status visa ... Dr. Mike is a great example of how important immigrants are to the US. My father's family has been here since 1737, and my mother is a first generation immigrant. Our family exemplifies two (of many) approaches available to us in the US.
  3. @user-we4ss5hy9l: Dr’Mike what is your sister age
  4. @Miron-q7x: Как да мы ухадили я говорил а это что
  5. @Miron-q7x: Я тоже ураааа
  6. @AviationArchives810official: Yoooo same! My first grade class in San Diego was soooo diverse. Like the were more foreigners than actual Americans. I think only like 4 people and my teacher, ms grace were American. The rest were European and Asian
  7. @dianag.6236: Omg this was like watching my own story of moving to America! We also moved here from Russia when i was a kid, around the same time as you. Also lived in Bayridge, 86th street was the place to be! lol So nostalgic watching you talk about school, not speaking English, esl classes. We came here in February, so for me it wasn't Xmas lights, it was all the store fronts and how exciting and fancy it all looked. Don't get me started on Toys R us 😢
I wonder if we went to the same schools. Either way, thanks for this throwback!
  8. @Myanmarball1212: Russia? YOU MEAN THE SOVIET UNION MY COMRADE!
  9. @Howiex-is8gq: Why don't you speak ur native Jewish language?
  10. @aleksandrbazhenov4886: Me to I was born in Russia to
  11. @iftenemarin: You’re not born in a small country you’re born in the biggest country The Soviet Union
  12. @67reelaryy: Not mickey mouse 💀☠️
  13. @kaitlin8833: I used to ask to go to the bathroom during math class in 1st grade and then just casually wander around the school rather than go back to class (I didn’t like math much). I did this so much that they assigned me a bathroom pal to make sure I would actually return to class. (I still don’t like math very much)😂
  14. @mv5075: I love your origin story. I don't speak Russian but I'm okay in српски језик and there is some crossover. Love hearing you speak Russian and about your family's story coming here to the States. And I love your videos on The Pitt!!
  15. @onceuponatimetherewasalongname: 1:10 😂😂 classic sibling relationship 😂😂😂
  16. @SimplyKayla-z5w: 1 and 2 (i can’t choose)
  17. @myadavis-turner6134: your memory is wowzerssss impressive. I'm 22 and i surely don't remember 5 year old me i don't really even remember 13 year old me 😅
  18. @MaxBrickSss: I understand
  19. @nitinrazdan: When was your first flight? I took my first flight when I was three months old, on Jet Airways, which sadly went bankrupt.
  20. @MakoLife27: 0:03 What is he saying?

- Woman goes viral for refusing to switch seats with fellow mom on flight | GMA: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so I boarded my flight it was a really early flight and when I got to the row that I thought I was to be seated in there was a woman sitting in my seat and so I don't know I travel a lot so I thought and I was tired so I thought maybe I looked wrong so I pulled up my Delta app and double checked and realized oh no that really was my seat and so then again just assuming the positive I thought oh she must have just looked at her ticket wrong and I said oh I'm sorry but I I think you're sitting in my seat and she said I was so surprised by what you said because she said oh you want to sit here and she said oh well I just thought I could switch with you because these are my kids and she pointed to the two seats next to her and there looked to be a boy who was roughly 15 ish and then a girl who looked maybe more like 11ish and I immediately said oh I you know I'm happy to switch with you as long as it's a window seat and I always pick a window seat because the most important reason is because I get motion sickness during takeoff and Landing if I can't look out the window and sometimes people don't leave the window shade open and or I'm too far from the window I can't see so that's the biggest reason and then the second reason is I don't get a lot of sleep so I usually like to be able to sleep on a plane and being in the window seat obviously gives you that easiest opportunity to do that so anyway my reaction first was sure I'm happy to switch with you as long as it's a window seat and she said oh it's right here and and she said it like oh yeah great it's right here and so I thought oh it must be the Window Seat but then she pointed to the middle seat that was in the row right behind the seat where I was supposed to be sitting not even exaggerating I had 90 minutes of sleep the night before I had this big presentation I needed to give Once I arrived at my destination and I was just like you have to I told myself like you have to take care of yourself like you need sleep on this flight you picked the seat in advance stick with the seat and I said oh I said the middle seat right there and she said yeah it's just right here and I said I'm sorry I said I really need a window so um you know I I don't want to switch and she was not happy she was kind of you know it wasn't like a fight but she definitely begrudgingly you know kind of like grabbed her stuff and stood up and kind of huffed and puffed and um you know went back to the seat behind and I thought then it was done um because she was still I mean she was within Arm's Reach of both of her kids the woman behind um who um the the seat switcher was talking to um you know was so kind and she she continued to be kind but she was absolutely defending me I don't know who she was she was a stranger to both of us but um the woman first said you know I can't believe the airlines don't put us together you know with our kids and the woman said something to the effect of um yeah you know I know it's nice to sit with your kids but when that happens to me I always just try to talk to the gate agent before I get on the plane or I try to pay to have seats together ahead of time a complete and total non-issue she um the mom kind of reached up to the the younger of the two which was the girl who I think my guess is maybe about 11 years old or so reached up to her more than once saying you know are you okay you know um and she just kept saying yeah I'm fine you know I'm fine and then at one point the older one the sun um the woman again said oh so and so are you you know are you doing okay and the son said Mom we're fine so they the kids were fine they didn't say a word the whole flight and there was nothing unusual about the flight and it was all just a non-event after

  Top Comments:
  1. @420loversunited: bullshit if you want to sit by your kid buy the tickets together, not a single travelers problem that you want to be cheap.
  2. @tremaineakatree5335: I don't blame you!!
  3. @MLMLW: I wouldn't have given up my seat either.  The entitlement in some people is staggering.
  4. @seminole676: you dont need to explain your reason for paying for a window seat
  5. @lizzard414: You pick your seats. You pick seats that are together if you want to sit together. She owes zero explanation as to why she needs/ wants a particular seat, she picked that seat.
  6. @ThePapawhisky: You don’t have to justify sitting in the seat you booked.  Stand tall.
  7. @bornjust2003: Mothers with children feel so entitled on airplanes.
  8. @hankl1118: I only switch for equal or better seat.
  9. @rdee8652: Had something similar happen on my last flight. Humiliated the guy who made the request and didn't bother to address him the rest of the flight. When it was bathroom time, stepped right over him and put my butt in his face. When he was slow getting off the plane, did the same thing. The point is: Fight fire with fire. Stupidity needs to be expensive.
  10. @2TellTheTruth2: Betting the other lady was bl@ck
  11. @romee5763: Airlines you need to step up to this annoying badgering of people whose seats are wanted by passengers who want to exchange places with them.  Also people acting up and displaying temper tantrums.  Take away their flying on the airline ever again.  This has got to stop.
  12. @stevetrivago: Aww ☺️ What a very pleasant woman.. 💙☮️🙏🏼
  13. @paulinngen: I chose the window because I like it. No need to explain.
  14. @PFM5721: Hey Tammy….you’re a fine looking woman. 😊 
Well, someone had to say it.😮
  15. @AriaPrincessAria: The kids weren't that young and they were practically together.
  16. @dorapierres: I know her kids were embarrassed. Smh!
  17. @jrs3359: I just bought 4 plane tickets, including two for our kids. I simply paid a little bit extra and got our seats together. If you’re taking plane rides to begin with you aren’t broke. If money is tight, do what we did and get a ticket for a less popular time due to it being cheaper.  This isn’t rocket science.
  18. @monc81: The nerve of that Mother!! Go buy your seats in advance and Stop harrassing people!!
  19. @MadisonR2007: “Goes viral” is the most boomer phrase ever 😆 Also her kids are teenager and 11? They don’t need to sit with mommy. I would literally try to make sure I’m not sitting with my parents. What a crazy bch.
  20. @theeddiesshow: Before she even said I knew the woman had a middle seat.  Gee, how shocking.  These entitled brats need to be put back in their places.

- New York Doctor Spots Cancer on Woman During HGTV Appearance: Kind: captions Language: en-US Nicole McGuiness always dreamed about buying a house on the beach. Wanted something near the water, I love the water. Making her search even more exciting, an appearance on the HGTV show Beachfront Bargain Hunt. I'm looking to buy a beachfront property in Morehead City. This is how she looked on the show, bright, happy, excited about the house hunt in North Carolina with her dad, but look at this. A small but noticeable lump on her throat. Doctor Eric Voigt was watching the show at his home in New York. He's an ear, nose and throat surgeon. I was like gosh, I feel obliged to let this person know. They may not know they have something and as an expert in the field, I was concerned for her. He used social media to track down Nicole. Somehow or another, by the grace of God, it got back to my family and we were shocked. We were shocked that a doctor witnessed this on television and reached out. Nicole went to her doctor and sure enough, she was diagnosed with thyroid cancer. So, last week I went in and had a biopsy and Friday is when the doctor called back and said you actually do have papillary thyroid cancer. We brought Doctor Voigt and Nicole together. I know you're gonna do well. Thank you so much, you have no idea how much you've impacted my life, just seeing me on the television. (intense music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @mavenfrankeus7287 [1 likes]: In 2012 my colleague asked me why a lump the size of a tennis ball just grew on my throat while we were in the office. i went to the doctor, he said I should not worry and gave me some medicine.

I went back, no change.

Tonsil cancer.

I survived and I just watched this video.
  2. @nico7674 [1 likes]: Well, the thing I don't understand is why she didn't get it checked before. I'm no doctor but having a lump that big to the throat area in weird as hell and would make me do a check-up asap lmao
  3. @mussagan [1 likes]: Angels comes in all gendersz ages, sizes and professions
  4. @bfiubfrufvubsvu-v6g [1 likes]: always praise the lord jesus is king!
  5. @OuterHeavenNET: Same thing with my dad. He had a lump on his throat, no one noticed it until we saw a picture of him at a haloween party. Apparently he had known and was being stubborn about it.
  6. @Pablo-t6q7h: By human effort, compassion, passion and emphaty not the grace of god why are people so stupid and inconsiderate dr took part of his precious time to let the woman know yet the grace of god somehow did something
  7. @damiano3422: God loves you ❤
  8. @slowbro-: ❤😊
  9. @Zero-cw5gy: Often, when something happens that people cannot explain due to their level of ignorance, they assume it is god or magic.
  10. @radhakrishnanp2951: MASHALLAH ❤❤❤❤
  11. @sofaking9343: This happened with a lady I met in Thailand a few years back
  12. @MegaSnippezz: Here's to the weekly recommendation of this video
  13. @frwkd3078: and now for the consultation it will be 25.000$ thank you
  14. @ritchiedee6210: staged psyop
  15. @K.I.A22: Dead?
  16. @guru3487: It's strange how she ignored that lump or person around her
  17. @ronniebauman28: All cancers, if found early enough, give you a good fighting chance.
  18. @manfredo2555: hubiera sido un desperdicio todo eso
  19. @Fawlty22: 0:45 It's not the grace of God, it's the grace of Dr. Erich Voigt. So sick of these religious people giving credit to their sky daddy instead of actual existent people who help them.
  20. @ohzede4860: always "god saved me" never "the doctor saved me"

- Six Seater Planes You Can Buy For Your Family | Costs & Specs: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿These planes can carry your whole family,&nbsp; cruise above the clouds, and land on short&nbsp;&nbsp; runways most jets can’t touch. And the best&nbsp; part? Some cost less than an exotic car. From&nbsp;&nbsp; sleek turboprops to high-performance pistons —&nbsp; these are the six-seaters you can actually own,&nbsp;&nbsp; and what it takes to fly them. Number six: The Piper Saratoga &nbsp; Let's start with the Piper Saratoga, a&nbsp; single-engine powerhouse that's been the&nbsp;&nbsp; gateway drug for countless families entering&nbsp; the world of private aviation. This isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; some glorified Cessna - we're talking about a&nbsp; legitimate cross-country cruiser that can haul&nbsp;&nbsp; six people and their luggage at speeds that&nbsp; make commercial aviation look embarrassing. The Saratoga comes equipped with a&nbsp; three-hundred-horsepower Lycoming&nbsp;&nbsp; engine that pushes this bird through the sky at&nbsp; one hundred seventy-five miles per hour. A trip&nbsp;&nbsp; from New York to Miami that takes most people&nbsp; an entire day becomes a four-and-a-half-hour&nbsp;&nbsp; flight in your own aircraft. What really sets&nbsp; it apart is its useful load capacity of one&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand three hundred pounds - that means six&nbsp; adults with full fuel, or four adults with enough&nbsp;&nbsp; luggage for a week-long vacation. Price-wise, you're looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; two hundred thousand to four hundred thousand&nbsp; dollars for a well-maintained example. Annual&nbsp;&nbsp; operating costs run around thirty thousand to&nbsp; forty thousand dollars, but remember - you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not just buying transportation,&nbsp; you're buying time and flexibility. Number five: The Beechcraft Bonanza A36 Moving up the food chain, we have the&nbsp;&nbsp; Beechcraft Bonanza A36, often called the Cadillac&nbsp; of single-engine aircraft. Under the hood sits&nbsp;&nbsp; a three-hundred-horsepower Continental&nbsp; engine that propels the Bonanza to cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; speeds of two hundred miles per hour. That's&nbsp; genuinely fast for a single-engine aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the stability at that speed is remarkable. The A36 features something most single-engine&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft don't: a genuine six-seat cabin with&nbsp; club seating and a rear cargo door. That rear&nbsp;&nbsp; door is a game-changer for loading luggage, golf&nbsp; clubs, or anything else your family adventure&nbsp;&nbsp; requires. The fit and finish rivals luxury cars. Expect to pay between three hundred thousand and&nbsp;&nbsp; six hundred thousand dollars for a solid A36.&nbsp; Operating costs are similar to the Saratoga,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the Bonanza's efficiency means you'll&nbsp; burn slightly less fuel per mile traveled. Number four: The Cirrus SR22 Now let's talk about the Cirrus SR22,&nbsp;&nbsp; the aircraft that revolutionized general aviation&nbsp; with its whole-aircraft parachute system. The SR22&nbsp;&nbsp; is powered by a three-hundred-fifteen-horsepower&nbsp; Continental engine with cruise speeds hitting&nbsp;&nbsp; one hundred eighty-five miles per hour,&nbsp; or over two hundred miles per hour in&nbsp;&nbsp; the turbocharged variant. What makes the SR22 special is its Cirrus&nbsp;&nbsp; Airframe Parachute System - in an emergency, you&nbsp; can literally pull a handle and lower the entire&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft safely to the ground. This system has&nbsp; saved hundreds of lives since its introduction.&nbsp;&nbsp; The glass cockpit features synthetic&nbsp; vision, terrain awareness, weather radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; and autopilot systems that can land the&nbsp; plane without pilot input in an emergency. A new SR22 costs around eight hundred thousand&nbsp; to nine hundred thousand dollars, with used&nbsp;&nbsp; examples starting around four hundred&nbsp; thousand dollars for older models. Stick around until the end to see which aircraft&nbsp; can cross the Atlantic Ocean with a full family&nbsp;&nbsp; load, and the surprising maintenance costs that&nbsp; could save you fifty thousand dollars annually&nbsp;&nbsp; compared to commercial flying. Number three: The Piper Meridian Moving into turboprop territory, the&nbsp; Piper Meridian represents a massive&nbsp;&nbsp; step up in capability. This single-engine&nbsp; turboprop is powered by a Pratt and Whitney&nbsp;&nbsp; PT6A turboprop engine producing five hundred&nbsp; shaft horsepower. Turboprops start instantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; run smoother than piston engines, and&nbsp; deliver consistent power regardless&nbsp;&nbsp; of altitude. Cruise speeds jump to two hundred&nbsp; sixty miles per hour at thirty thousand feet. The pressurized cabin means no more ear-popping&nbsp; climbs or weather avoidance at low altitudes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your family travels in shirt-sleeve comfort while&nbsp; the world passes by twenty-five thousand feet&nbsp;&nbsp; below. Range exceeds one thousand miles&nbsp; with full fuel, making coast-to-coast&nbsp;&nbsp; trips possible with just one fuel stop. Expect to invest between one point two million&nbsp;&nbsp; and two point five million dollars for a Meridian.&nbsp; Operating costs jump to around seventy thousand to&nbsp;&nbsp; ninety thousand dollars annually, but you're&nbsp; getting jet-like capability and reliability. Number two: Daher’s TBM series The TBM series from Daher represents&nbsp;&nbsp; the pinnacle of single-engine turboprop&nbsp; performance. These French-built aircraft&nbsp;&nbsp; are essentially jets with propellers,&nbsp; delivering speeds and capabilities&nbsp;&nbsp; that rival light jets. Current TBM&nbsp; models like the nine forty cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; at over three hundred thirty miles per hour at&nbsp; thirty-one thousand feet - faster than many jets.&nbsp;&nbsp; You'll burn about sixty gallons per hour&nbsp; while covering nearly six miles per minute. The TBM's range exceeds one thousand four&nbsp; hundred miles with full fuel, enabling true&nbsp;&nbsp; coast-to-coast capability. The high service&nbsp; ceiling and weather radar mean you'll actually&nbsp;&nbsp; complete trips on schedule, regardless of weather&nbsp; conditions that would ground lesser aircraft. A new TBM nine forty costs around four point&nbsp; five million dollars. Used examples from the&nbsp;&nbsp; early two thousands can be found for under two&nbsp; million dollars, though operating costs remain&nbsp;&nbsp; substantial at around one hundred thousand to&nbsp; one hundred twenty thousand dollars annually. Number one: The Pilatus PC twelve Finally, we reach the Holy Grail of&nbsp;&nbsp; family aviation: the Pilatus PC-twelve.&nbsp; This Swiss-built turboprop is powered by&nbsp;&nbsp; a twelve-hundred-shaft-horsepower Pratt and&nbsp; Whitney PT6A engine - more than twice the&nbsp;&nbsp; power of the Meridian. This translates to cruise&nbsp; speeds of two hundred eighty miles per hour and&nbsp;&nbsp; climb rates that put many jets to shame. What makes the PC-twelve special is its&nbsp;&nbsp; versatility. The cabin can be configured as a&nbsp; six-seat luxury transport, an eight-seat commuter,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even a cargo hauler with all seats removed.&nbsp; The flat floor and large cargo door mean you&nbsp;&nbsp; can literally load a motorcycle for&nbsp; backcountry adventures. Range exceeds&nbsp;&nbsp; one thousand eight hundred miles, and&nbsp; it can operate from runways as short&nbsp;&nbsp; as two thousand four hundred feet - opening up&nbsp; thousands of airports that jets cannot access. Pricing starts around five point five million&nbsp; dollars new, with used examples starting around&nbsp;&nbsp; two million dollars. Operating costs&nbsp; run approximately one hundred fifty&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand dollars annually, but the capability and&nbsp; legendary Swiss reliability justify the investment&nbsp;&nbsp; for families who demand the absolute best. The reality of aircraft ownership extends beyond&nbsp;&nbsp; the purchase price. Hangar costs vary from five&nbsp; hundred dollars monthly in smaller cities to over&nbsp;&nbsp; two thousand dollars in major metropolitan areas.&nbsp; Insurance runs three to five percent of the&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft's value annually. Annual inspections cost&nbsp; between ten thousand and thirty thousand dollars,&nbsp;&nbsp; while engine overhauls occur every one thousand&nbsp; five hundred to two thousand flight hours, costing&nbsp;&nbsp; fifty thousand to two hundred thousand dollars. However, for families flying more than&nbsp;&nbsp; one hundred hours annually, aircraft ownership&nbsp; often proves more economical than chartering. The&nbsp;&nbsp; break-even point varies, but the convenience&nbsp; and schedule flexibility remain constant&nbsp;&nbsp; regardless of financial considerations. These six aircraft represent realistic&nbsp;&nbsp; options for families serious about private&nbsp; aviation. From the accessible Piper Saratoga&nbsp;&nbsp; to the ultimate PC-twelve, each offers a&nbsp; different balance of performance, capability,&nbsp;&nbsp; and operating costs. The key is matching&nbsp; your mission requirements to the aircraft's&nbsp;&nbsp; capabilities while honestly assessing your budget&nbsp; for both acquisition and ongoing operations.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bruceleroy1683 [42 likes]: Me: Drives a 2002 Honda Civic
Me: Shopping for a private plane on YT
  2. @David-xk6xq [32 likes]: The Cirrus SR22 is a four seater, nice aeroplane but doesn’t belong in the family six seater category
  3. @ohdamnitsthatguy60 [5 likes]: This is a very important quest .....DO ANY OF THE PLANES LISTED HAVE A TOILET ON BOARD?
  4. @toursouthwestpa1014 [3 likes]: Take out the Cirrus and put in the Epic E1000 GX.
  5. @MooshuberAnton-s7r [3 likes]: The PC12 is an old model! Current is the PC12 evo and before that PC12 NGX . Speed 290 nn, range 1900 nn, price 4.5 milli. Fully equipped 5mil. With automatic landing .etc she is the „ONE“
  6. @AlpanTanjung [2 likes]: I love  PC 12
it is highly reliable.
  7. @DimaKichatyy [2 likes]: When did SR22 become a 6 seater?
  8. @WorldOfLuxuryOfficial [1 likes]: 🇪🇸✈ ¡Atención!
We now have a SPANISH version of this channel: World Of Luxury en Español
First video this Saturday – click here to subscribe early: https://bit.ly/WOL_es
  9. @RAPR117 [1 likes]: PC-12 is not a 6 seater plane.....
  10. @ShahidMuneeb-h1s [1 likes]: Single engine plane is risk.
  11. @linhkquang [1 likes]: No toilet in any of them.
  12. @mikewaterfield3599 [1 likes]: You really should never judge an aircraft by its seat count.  It’s payload, and range is a function of endurance not speed.  Then there is balance to consider.  A PA32R is by default a six seater.  I wouldn’t but six on board unless those in the back are kids especially the aft most seats.  Aircraft should always be gauged by weight class.  A PC12 and a TBM should never be compared head to head despite having the same power plant.
  13. @MontyChicola [1 likes]: I agree cirrus doesn't deserve to be in this team. Pa46 350p does mirage or m350. U missed it. Great airplane and cheaper than the meridian.
  14. @khairyzal7243: We had a TBM Socata. Now we're leasing a Gulfstream.
  15. @JorgeLAxeGrinderBobe: You not counting plan fuel,, insurance maintenance they are not worth them prices,,I'll wait for my Gulfstreám
  16. @Honutillllllll: 4:43 tf you mean AND?
  17. @Honutillllllll: 4:06 no they dont
  18. @thaboy1719: This is so not Worth it i cant even put it into words 😂 you could fly Charter with your whole Family like 10+ times a year for just the operating costs of Most of these not even Talking about the Price itself
  19. @mrs.becomes1234: I dont want to buy one, I just want to use a private jet to fly..
  20. @Spiritual_eden: Wow. These are the kind of things I love to see. I was just checking out some of these 6 seater planes on Tsunami Air and I have to say with proper planning they are not that hard to acquire.

- Airplane Safety Instructions | How to Survive Plane Crash? | Air Disasters Tips | Dr. Binocs Show: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] oh where did little kitty go kitty where are you oh what happened why are you so scared Kitty had a dream Kitty's playing Crash well it's normal to feel anxious about flying on a plane but don't worry we have science to the rescue how let me explain by addressing a survival question how to survive a plane crash according to science zoom in I understand flying on a plane can evoke fear and anxiety in some individuals particularly when contemplating the possibility of accidents but believe it or not there are some scientifically supported strategies to enhance a person's safety in the event of an Airborne emergency so let's look at them one by one first and foremost the choice of seating can significantly impact survival possibilities during a crash while there's no guarantee Research indicates that passengers seated toward the rear of the aircraft enjoy a 40% higher chance of surviving compared to those seated near the front so if you get the chance grab a seat in the back half of the economy cabin also what we wear is important for survival as clothes made of synthetic fabrics like polyester can melt onto our skin if there's a fire and shoes with high yels can slow us down if we need to get out fast so it's best to wear natural Fabrics like cotton and lace up shoes to protect us from heat and sharp objects now the scariest times during a flight are often the initial 3 minutes after takeoff and the final 8 minutes before landing so pay extra attention to those safety instructions because different planes have different rules keep your shoes on buckle up and keep that tray table up too oh and stash your bag under the seat in front of you to protect your legs just in case things go south if the cabin loses pressure oxygen masks will fall from above you only have about 10 seconds before you start feeling short of breath so quickly put put on your mask before helping others this way you can stay awake and help everyone around you now if things escalate and there's an emergency on the plane brace yourself for impact firstly try not to panic and keep calm then Bend forward by putting your head down so that your upper body is closer to your legs and grab your legs behind your knees holding on tight this position helps protect your head and important organs inside your body upon surviving a crash swiftly unbuckled seat bels leave belongings behind and move low to the floor while covering the head with hands on route to the nearest exit safeguarding against potential debris once you're out keep on moving at least 500 ft away from the plane wck and wait for the trained professionals to show up and instruct you on further safety steps remember my friends it's normal to feel scared during a flight but try your best to stay calm and confident because airplanes today have lots of safety features and the crew knows what to do in emergencies the best part is more than 95% of people involved in plane accidents survive so yeah we are definitely in good hands up there trivia time did you know air travel remains statistically the safest mode of transportation compared to driving also according to the latest estimates there are approximately 100,000 flights per day and if you're curious about how these giant metallic tubes manage to fly check out our video on the same it's sketching time today's sketch of the day goes to T Dania hope you learn something new today until next time it's me Dr boox zooming out so Kitty ready to take off ready never mind

- Family friendly flying | Etihad Airways: Kind: captions Language: en with etihad airways some passengers get the full vip treatment these guys [Music] the teddy had airways the most important people are the littlest ones boys and girls all of our vi little bees we are now approaching abu dhabi the new warner brothers world play packs for vi little peas only [Applause]

- Boarding a Plane Shouldn’t Be This Hard - Key & Peele: Kind: captions Language: en - GOOD MORNING, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. WE ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN BOARDING SOUTH NORTHERN AIRLINES FLIGHT 34 TO GRAND RAPIDS. - OH, OKAY, I'M--EXCUSE ME. BOARDING GROUP ONE. I'M IN BOARDING GROUP ONE. EXCUSE ME. - AND WE WOULD LIKE TO BEGIN PRE-BOARDING WITH OUR FIRST-CLASS PASSENGERS. FIRST-CLASS PASSENGERS ONLY, PLEASE. NEXT, OUR BUSINESS-CLASS PASSENGERS MAY NOW BOARD. OKAY, NOW WE'D LIKE TO WELCOME OUR REGAL ALLIANCE ELITE MEMBERS. REGAL ALLIANCE ELITE MEMBERS. OKAY, NOW ALL PASSENGERS WITH CHILDREN. - OKAY. - ANYONE WITH SMALL CHILDREN MAY BOARD NOW. [child fussing] - OKAY, WE WOULD LIKE TO CONTINUE BOARDING WITH UNIFORMED MILITARY PERSONNEL. - WHAT? WHY CAN'T-- THIS IS-- THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR SERVICE. GOD BLESS YOU. - THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE. ALL RIGHT, PEOPLE IN WHEELCHAIRS. ANY PRIESTS, NUNS, RABBIS, IMAMS. - WHAT? WHY DO THEY GET SPECIAL TREATMENT? - AS-SALAAM-ALAIKUM. - I'VE NEVER-- THAT'S TYPICAL. - ANY OLD PEOPLE IN WHEELCHAIRS WITH BABIES? [baby cries] - DOESN'T SEEM PARTICULARLY-- - ANY OLD, RELIGIOUS PEOPLE WITH MILITARY BABIES? - WHAT'S A MILITARY-- - THANK YOU JASON SCHWARTZMAN. ANYONE WITH A BLUE SUITCASE, YOU MAY NOW BOARD. - FINALLY. - NOPE, NOT YOU, SIR. - NOT ME? THIS IS A BLUE SUITCASE. - THAT'S A BLUE COMPUTER BAG. - SO YOU'RE NOT-- YOU'RE NOT GONNA LET ME ON THEN? - [sips loudly] - DAMN IT! DAMN IT, DAMN IT, DAMN IT, DAMN IT, DAMN IT! GOD DAMN IT! - ANYONE WHO DOESN'T SEEM CRANKY. DRUNK PEOPLE. WE WILL NOW BE BOARDING ANY DRUNK PEOPLE. - [grunts] ALL RIGHT, IT'S-- NOPE, IT'S MY BAG. SIR. JUST-- [groans] [indistinct muttering] [phone rings] - OOH. HELLO? OH, HEY, CHRISTIAN. YEAH. TOTALLY. WELL, YOU HAVE YOUR FAVORITES, AND I HAVE MY FAVORITES. [laughs] OKAY. CALL YOU LATER. CIAO, CIAO. [dramatic music] [sirens wailing] [indistinct chatter] ♪ ♪ - AND THE FUSELAGE. - I FOUND JASON SCHWARTZMAN! THAT'S EVERYBODY! LET'S WRAP IT UP, PEOPLE. - [groans] BOARDING GROUP ONE OVER HERE! GOT A BOARDING GROUP ONE.

  Top Comments:
  1. @arshithuae3591 [2 likes]: The memes for strait hormuz.  😂😂
  2. @AkshatChhaniara [1 likes]: Why did Old people on wheelchairs with babies did not get included earlier in either of those two types?
  3. @GASaZa777 [1 likes]: Domestic flights in the U.S are pretty similar to this 😂😂
  4. @dalovableasshole [1 likes]: The drunk guy made me laugh so much 😂😂😂😂
  5. @PaigeRistick [1 likes]: The airport is probably the most irritating place in the world
  6. @arsenioseslpodcast3143 [1 likes]: YouTube SKUMMM NO STRIKE WITH THE j*ewwwww AYEEEEEEE
  7. @JoshXJoshX [1 likes]: I just came back to this vid because of the strait of hormuz vid
  8. @CRFsportstime: The plane
  9. @CRFsportstime: Let him on
  10. @CRFsportstime: Let him own
  11. @CRFsportstime: Not funny
  12. @clintonhood1193: Sometimes they force it to much
  13. @lopella: One of the best comedy skits of all time about airline travel.
  14. @allthingsnu4673: Old religious people with military babies. 🤣🤣🤣
  15. @marvinjoseph8093: OMG, been there!
  16. @donf3742: These two legends. Like this if you’re here in 2026
  17. @BLUECHET: Drunk people
  18. @Man_of_TheWay: I love that they called out the special treatment of the big noses
  19. @AngelaLewis-g8g: "Well, your have your favorites and i have my favorites. Ciao ciao. "
  20. @niceboy4823: My favorite part 😂😂😂😂 1:54

- Prepare your child for first PLANE Ride ✈️ Educational AirPlane Video for Kids 🧳 Airport for Kids: Kind: captions Language: en look at the whole entire world [Music] how looking good [Applause] welcome to the alvin lucas kids show today we're at the airport to teach you what it's like to be a passenger on the plane the first step is to get a negative cover test to make sure you don't have the corona virus this will help protect the other passengers on the plane once that's done you can go to the airport here are the passports thank you once you check into your flight you also need to check in your luggage thank you so much it's a good idea to give your loved ones a cuddle before you go as you might miss them when you are away on your big adventure thank you now i've got my boarding pass and my passport we're now going to take the bus that is parked on the tarmac it will take us to the plane that we will be traveling in the tarmac is the area of an airport where all the aircrafts are parked here is where all the airplanes are loaded with cargo and passengers planes are also maintained and refueled on the tarmac see all the planes parked waiting for passengers to board we will now walk up the boarding stairs attached to the plane hey thank you so much hello young man nice to have you on board thank you so i can see for this one thank you now time to buckle up and take our ride now i'm going to buckle up first click it on then you pull the ribbon to make it tight and if you want to take it off just lift this when it's time to eat you twist this and you open it if you want you can put it like this or like this it's a good idea every now and then to put a sanitizer on to protect you from corona virus it's kind of time but i can't try that please it's also good to catch up on some reading as you wait to get to your final destination should you need to go to the bathroom there's even a toilet now it's time for takeoff we're now going to travel across different continents and oceans until we reach liberia sometimes you need to take more than one plane to get to your destination do when you are on a plane make sure you enjoy the view as you can see the clouds the coastlines and the oceans we are now about to land in beautiful liberia a country located in west africa and as you can see has one of the world's greatest tropical forests liberia's terrain ranges from low and sandy coastal plains to rolling hills and dissected plateaus there are lush rainforests containing a large range of plants and animals the best part of traveling in a plane is when you arrive at your final destination and your adventures can begin

- The Economics of Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en This video was made possible by Curiosity Stream. Watch over 2,400 documentaries for free for a month at CuriosityStream.com/Wendover. Private jets represent an inconceivable level of opulence. If the average American were to spend their entire year’s salary to charter a Gulfstream G550 from New York, they would just barely make it to Utah, and yet, there’s a class of people who use these planes to fly not just from New York to Utah, but rather routes like New York to Beijing. There’s a class of people who will spend tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars on just one single flight. Now, there are a few reasons this is strange beyond just the sheer price of things. Chartering that Gulfstream from London to Dubai, for example, you’d end up paying about $55,000 at rack rate. Meanwhile, if you were to fly Emirates First Class, which is just, if not more opulent, you could fly between the cities twenty times for the same price. What’s even stranger about this kind of expense is that businesses, which are intended to maximize profits for their shareholders, are able to justify this enormous expense as worthwhile. So, when is it that paying $8,000 or more an hour to fly makes money? There’s a pretty simple way of figuring this out. Out of the 8,760 hours in a year, the average CEO works 2,716 of them. For a CEO that’s paid $1 million a year, that makes an hour of their time worth $368. Among America’s largest companies, though, the average CEO earns $15.6 million. That makes their hour worth $5,750. For the most part, though, private jets fly about the same speed as commercial planes so when flying a route like London to Dubai, the time savings come at the airports on each end. It comes from being able to arrive, get on a plane, and fly—rather than having to navigate one’s way through a busy terminal for a fixed flight time. But still, flying private versus commercial from London to Dubai would save, at most, about three hours in airport time. With the cost of $55,000 for the flight, that would mean the CEO’s time would have to be worth $18,300 per hour. That wouldn’t be true until they earned $50 million a year—a salary earned only by the upper echelon of CEO’s. But the truth is that, for the most part, private jets do not make economic sense when flying routes with plenty of commercial service like London to Dubai. One of the larger corporate jet fleets out there belongs to Walmart. Now, this might come as a surprise considering that this is a company so focused on keeping costs low. You see, Walmart is headquartered in Bentonville, AR—a relatively small city of 50,000. Their airport does have a surprising amount of service for such a small city with flights all the way to Los Angeles and New York, largely propped up the company’s traffic, but for the higher ups, commercial doesn’t cut it. That’s why the company has a fleet of 20 corporate jets—the largest of any American company. These are most frequently flown by the company’s Regional Vice Presidents who are in charge of a specific area of the country and will have to make frequent store visits within this region. The company apparently has a goal that nobody spends a night away from Bentonville—they want as many trips as possible to be day trips. Now, let’s say that one of these executive vice presidents needs to take a trip to three stores—one in Rock Springs, Wyoming; one in Spokane, Washington; and the last in Great Falls, Montana. Getting to Rock Springs requires a seven hour itinerary through Denver that would get this executive in at 9:30 pm therefore already requiring an overnight stop. Then, the next day, they would do their store visit in the morning and, as there are only two flights a day from Rock Springs, they would have to wait until 4:50 pm to catch a flight back to Denver then another one to Spokane, getting in at 8:30 pm local time, therefore requiring another overnight stop. The next morning they would do their site visit, but once again, flight schedules dictate that the first itinerary to Great Falls would leave at 5:05 pm through Salt Lake City, getting in at 10:04 pm local time, thereby requiring another overnight stop. Following the next morning’s store visit, this executive would catch a noon flight to Denver and, after a three hour layover, another to finally get into Bentonville at 8pm. These three store visits would therefore take up four whole working days, but what if this executive flew private? Leaving at 9am, the first flight direct to Rock Springs would take an hour and 45 minutes getting in, with the hour’s time change, at 9:45 am local time. After a two hour store visit, the plane would take off again at 11:45 am, flying an hour and 15 minutes to Spokane, getting in at noon local time. After another two hour store visit, the plane would take off at 2 pm for a quick 45 minute flight to Great Falls, getting in at 3:45 pm local time. After a final two hours at this store, the plane would take off its final time at 5:45 pm bound for Bentonville. 2 hours and 15 minutes of flight time later, it would land at 9 pm local time, exactly 12 hours after leaving. What was a four day trip on commercial flights becomes a day trip on private, and that’s why Walmart decided private jets are worth it for them. It’s all about valuing the time of their employees and they’ve determined that, even for the relatively low level vice presidents, their time is valuable enough that it’s worth flying them private. For example, one of the aircraft Walmart owns and operates is the Learjet 45. It costs the company about $4 per mile to operate this aircraft including crew, fuel, insurance, maintenance, and all other variable costs. Therefore, the 2,900 miles flown on that day-trip to the north-east would cost them about $11,600. Saving three days, that places a value of $3,900 per day which means that, assuming the executive onboard works every single one of the 260 workdays per year, they would have to make almost exactly $1 million per year for this private jet ride to be worth it to Walmart—an amount within the realm of possibility for upper management at such a large company. Of course, that’s not factoring in the alternative option’s hotel, food, and airline transport costs which would likely sum in the thousands and it’s also assuming there’s just one passenger. If the plane were to be filled to its maximum capacity of nine, each passenger would only need to be paid $111,000 per year for the expense to be worth it to the company which is less than an average Walmart store manager makes. Now, there’s one other case where private jets can make economic sense over flying commercial. Let’s say Walmart was looking to expand into the Philippines. Flying business class, it would cost a minimum of $5,000 roundtrip per person, require three stops, and take over 26 hours to get from Bentonville to Manila. Flying private, though, a long range jet like the Bombardier Global 7500 could make it there non-stop, in just 15 hours, carrying 19 of the company’s top executives. Since the company does not own this type of jet, it would likely charter one at a cost of about $10,000 an hour, or $150,000 for the trip. While the cost of commercial airfare is less than this, assuming the CEO, who makes $24 million a year, is onboard, the value of the eleven hours of his time saved is worth $97,000—clearly tilting the math in favor of the private jet. The general phenomenon of globalization has been great for the private jet market as businesses need to travel to far off places like this. Especially as companies outsource manufacturing and other operations into developing countries, which don't necessary have much air service, many companies have determined that private jets are the best way to get where they need to go. But despite this, the private aviation industry was hit hard but the global financial crisis and still has not fully recovered. While part of it was genuine cost cutting, businesses also wanted to show that they were doubling down on luxuries by getting rid of their jets, even if they could make economic sense in some cases. It was all about optics and nowadays, these jets are coming with poorer and poorer optics, for good reason. Private jets are truly horrendous for the environment. If one were to fly that Bombardier Global 7500, the one that could make it from Bentonville to Manila, with just one passenger onboard, the jet would make it only to South Dakota before that passenger’s carbon footprint exceeded that of the average person in one year. Increasingly, these jets are even being used for purposes that cannot be justified economically. Since 2013, there has been about a 10% increase among Fortune 100 executives of using their company’s corporate jets for personal, leisure purposes. They apparently justify this by saying that, in case of a work emergency, they might need to get back to the office quickly and commercial air travel could hinder that. Firms that include this as a perk for their executives, according to one set of research, under-perform against the market average in terms of shareholder returns by about 4% each Of course, the real reason some companies might have private jets is not because it makes economic sense, because it quite often doesn’t. It’s because the people who decide whether the firm will use these are the very people that will use them. In many instances, the explanation is not economic, it’s societal. Now, many Wendover Productions viewers are also probably the type of person who watches a lot of documentaries. If that’s you or if you’d like that to be you, you should absolutely be subscribed to CuriosityStream. That’s because they have a library of over 2,400 documentaries and non-fiction titles that you can watch whenever, wherever. It’s available on the web, Apple TV, Roku, Android, iOS, and plenty of other platforms. One series they have that I would highly recommend is Innovation Nation with Mo Rocca who looks at new inventions in each episode and explains the stories behind them. This, and the entire rest of CuriosityStream’s library can be accessed for just $2.99 per month but, if you sign up at CuriosityStream.com/Wendover and use the code, “wendover,” you will get your first month completely for free.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wendoverproductions [1400 likes]: If you missed all the different announcements, I started a new podcast called Extremities about a month ago. It's all about how and why the world's most isolated human settlements exist, with the first season being on Pitcairn--the 50 person British territory in the South Pacific. 
You can listen to the podcast here: http://ExtremitiesPodcast.com
  2. @theshadowking3198 [2 likes]: Whoa 
Where’s the voice
  3. @cdvideodump [1 likes]: Linus Tech Tips be like:
  4. @sethcolby3: walmart makes it worth it by sending all of the necessary C-suite executives together as much as possible. so it’s not just the CEO, bur also the CFO, COO, vice-presidents or various divisions, etc. that you’re saving airfare & time on. idk if that’s how other companies do it, but my ex’s mom was the head of HR at walmart whej they lived in Rogers, AR and that’s how it worked for them. they had a fleet of gulfstreams and challengers and i think learjets theyd send everybody in depending on how many ppl were goinv & how far they were flying

EDIT i should have waited 44 seconds to realize thsts also the example you used lmao oops
  5. @HandFromCoffin: TLDR the C-Suite pay is perverse and you little people fly airlines..
  6. @saulgoodman2018: Does Walmart have to visit every store?
And get are salaried. So hourly does not matter.
  7. @darksideofluxury: what about empty legs?
  8. @theophrastus3.056: A good analysis for the most part. However the initial calculations (later corrected) are for a single CEO making solo trips. In reality, he’s usually accompanied by several other execs, also making top dollar. 
       The value of a corporate jet doing in one day what would take several days on the airlines is spot on. However, the flight time on the private aircraft is also work time. There’s no privacy or a cabin setup that makes this possible on the airlines. 
      Also, there’s security: Imagine an airline hijacker getting ahold of a Walton, Musk or Gates as a hostage!
     Finally, there’s fractional ownership, as with Warren Buffet’s NetJets and their nearly 1000-plane fleet. The fixed cost are divided between many owners. And trips can be done on a jet appropriate to the mission: light, mid-size or intercontinental range. And with even greater anonymity.
  9. @JustinAdamsMD: I’m so very glad that we have a new administration that is saying FU to this whole carbon footprint BS! Especially since husband and I are putting shamefully large amounts of money into our prepaid air miles private charter flight card. Makes it much much quicker for between Lexington, KY and Harry Reid international airport to our vacation home in McDonald Highlands Henderson, Nevada.
  10. @disgraced-empire: This video misses a key reason for flying private, it’s not just about savings the airport hours. It’s about having the flight be at whatever time you want, therefore allowing the executives to have any amount of meetings or sales calls that they want without conforming to a commercial air schedule. That is by far the biggest reason corporations choose private flights
  11. @jeremyleonbarlow: The economics are complex. I mean if you are living in Los Angeles and you have 6 or 7 buddies and you all want to fly to Vegas for the weekend, you can rent a light jet to fly you all collectively to Vegas and back for about the same cost as a commercial round trip ticket, give or take a couple of hundred dollars each per ticket. I mean the complexity of commercial ticket pricing gives a lot of wiggle room, but a realistic rental price for 8 friends flying LA to Vegas round trip on a light jet is between $500 and $600 each.

Renting a long range heavy jet or super mid-size private jet for a lengthy trip between cities for a business isn't just about the time savings for a single person in management typically. I mean a 15 or 20 seat private business jet probably has at a minimum ten people flying on it, so you need to factor in the price differential between X number of tickets and the costs of chartering or using a company owned jet, and what is more given fixed costs of an aircraft, even with high up front costs, owning a jet might be more economical still. This is because there are ways to improve the value of an owned aircraft which allows you to factor more than just the value of those folks' time savings at aurports. You must add to that calculus the fact that many businesses and individuals also subsidize company or personal travel on a private jet by triple net leasing their owned jet to a charter service with a deal that allows them 10 or more hours per month of usage at cost. This type of leasing arrangement is often through a service that allows them to use a network of jets in the charter service's fleet. This helps obscure travel by the company, protecting proprietary information in many instances better than traditional private ownership. I mean Taylor Swift and Elon Musk's tail numbers were being tracked as I recall and Sergei Brin and Larry Page decided chartering was more economical for this exact reason. Competitors knowing your next move by tracking where you flew is not a good thing, but owning and using a networked leaseback arrangement can be more economical in addition to obscuring your travel.

These leasing arrangements maximize cash flow on the jet as an asset to both the charter operator and the lessor by allowing the jets to keep moving and avoid a fixed base of operation. This maximizes charter revenue. This reduces the costs further for the owner of the jet by spreading fixed costs over more hours of usage and offloading those costs onto chartered guests. I mean with amortization and depreciation, a company which might have spent $7.5 million flying private over the course of five years, after the savings associated with the right charter leaseback arrangement, could have in fact spent just $360k for the same 600 hours of flight time. At what becomes $600 per hour for the flight time in such an arrangement, owning a private company jet makes a whole lot more sense.

Now it isn't always going to allow the company or individual to reduce costs that much, as some unexpected maintenance items might raise costs. I mean one cracked windshield could costs tens of thousands of dollars to replace, not to mention lost revenue from the loss of flight time while waiting for the repair, but it limits downside of ownership, and can still make flying private far more economical than traditional chartering. Of course chartering still might be cost effective for businesses or individuals who fly less frequently because of the value of time savings alone. This is why high usage owners can subsidize their travel costs.
  12. @abrahamg9720: Good break down but only talked about CEO salaries to airplane running cost , although that math is important I think what’s more important and probably the most value is how much did that ceo do in that 1 day vs 3 days that can possibly helps the company revenue / profit and how many more times is he doing those trips/meetings/ expand business, a year and see how much the company grows in a shorter time ideally vs taking commercial .
  13. @jacobabbott1949: I know likely no one will read this but if anyone is still interested after all these years.

I work at an Airport in the Chicagoland area, not KORD or KMDW. Specifically I work at the FBO on the airport and during the weekdays our mornings are filled with companies flying in executives. We have several dedicated companies that fly scheduled flights into our airport. Furthermore Netjets, Flexjets, and Vista-jets are some of our most common customers flying chartered flights in for everyone from families going golfing to executives of smaller companies. Many of the people or corporations that fly these planes are actually shareholders or have partial ownership of the aircraft. 

The industry itself is very convoluted with ownership of aircraft and who employes the crews but it's usually either a corporation, or the jets are treated almost similar to a timeshare.
  14. @MsNathelia: 7:01 Time = Money
  15. @andresegovia101: Don’t care about “carbon footprints”.
  16. @Zaphod23: I don’t follow the logic. I would never make this calculation if I was a company. You need to make sure people are ready to work. And not all messed up from traveling which needs a day to recover. Who is making this type of calculation
  17. @calebmcgowan2493: Clergy use is on the rise as well.  Many clergy would work in a factory if it was not for the God hustle.
  18. @kurtnelle: I recently learned that there is another reason for private jets. Cabin Altitude. Private jets dont cause jet lag. This means that not only do thr execs arrive sooner but they are still mentally able to make decisions when they arrive.
  19. @mananlalaji5266: What about economics of running a private jet business??
  20. @nothingtoseehere93: This video is blowing up recently much like all the private jets

- Why This Law Firm Bought A Private Jet To Save Money: Kind: captions Language: en when we looked at in the financial picture and even the professional picture we decided to buy an aircraft this particular plane we've had for a little over three years we have a large contingent of our firm in Houston but we're spread out over several offices one of which is here in San Jose one in San Diego because we're technology lawyers it's very good for us to get out with the technical folks be able to walk through their labs and see what they're working on [Music] [Applause] traveling on the plane is a lot more convenient from a cost perspective the bus makes sense for us in that an attorney isn't losing an entire day of time so we're able to drive rather to the airport walk onto the plane it's really a five or ten-minute thing I think most people think of it is something that's extravagantly expensive but given the nature of the work we do which is highly confidential technical and in many cases represents the trade secrets of our clients we need to have the freedom to work together and be able to look at materials when we travel we always struggle with the cost of the airplane and making sure it fits within our business model when we do the math that typically to fly nine people out here is about $17,000 and that's round-trip getting those six hours back if you just put a low billing rate on that of 50 hours at $400 an hour you're getting $20,000 back in billable time that that you would just lose if you own a commercial flight so really we net out three thousand dollars just on a cost basis if you look at what we lost in time versus what it costs to fly the aircraft but we factor in that the cost to fly back and forth of 17,000 includes all the maintenance and upkeep on the on the aircraft unlike a lot of jobs I've had in the past where the flight is kind of a little party you know going on these guys are all business a couple of attorneys they walk on the airplane with their laptops up and you know and and they're on the phone so once they're on the airplane they're working but I like it just because of the interaction with the lawyers and we get a lot done in the period of time that we're up in the air working together so it makes for a very enjoyable experience and implement professional experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @roveism [5 likes]: I like how they had to have a rock and roll background music to cover up the utterly lifeless soul crushed voice of the lawyers explains why it makes financial sense to own a plane...zzzzz
  2. @Secretjorge [1 likes]: 3 million isn’t a lot  for a jet, they got a deal :)
  3. @atm99635: It's okay bro. Just tell us you wanted a new toy. :)
  4. @LMays-cu2hp: Thank you for sharing this business jet that is a great tool.
  5. @graxhimself: I swear I’m not kidding I’m on his jet now I’ll post it on my channel
  6. @zurinarctus1329: Unlike celebrities, this is actually a smart investment.
  7. @bubandlisa: Excuses but they are EXEMPT FROM CARBON TAX 
CUZ BEING RICH PAYS and you poor schlubs HAVE TO PAY GREEN TAXES
  8. @relaxingsounds1386: Well yeah, they make a shitload of money.
  9. @HTHAMMACK1: I don't believe you saved money at all. I think you lost money.
  10. @Photon_Collector: This is me explaining to my parents why I need a Nvidia RTX 2080ti in my PC to help with homework.
  11. @djderie: When you make so much money you buy a private jet to save commute time
  12. @nchimunyabwalya2307: Wish they'd get me a bike 😐
  13. @8platypus: you don't have to justify it to me, the TSA is super lame.
  14. @seanng33: Why not fly NetJets?
  15. @peterchiung1159: the kind if jews that likes to spend money
  16. @poormanfood: I would the same, I think they could spend more the company is being very cheapo.
  17. @Heart2HeartBooks: So you can't be doing work while traveling on a commercial flight?
That makes no sense. That being said. Don't make excuses as to why your firm bought a jet.
Enjoy it.
  18. @Puppygirl-hj1tn: I appreciate you guys sharing the digits. It’s fascinating.
  19. @David-jj7dy: I to use my private jet for work almost every day. It definitely has its privaledge. But once your a part of the jet crowd, there aint no going back. You begin to see while your at the tarmac and in the small private airport just how many of us there are that speed to work every day. Its very common now a days. To see the rise of peoples incomes in the way that they travel on board of their jets is now so common place. We rich people are glad it is so expensive to have a private jet for it keeps the regular "poor" people at bay and you never have to worry about " them " bothering you and your money.  I mean its not my fault I am so rich.
  20. @paxundpeace9970: My advice, book your plane and flight ours on a private jet network it is far cheaper and you didn't wooey about the plane maintenance and etc.

- Private jets you can afford for a mere $100 million | CNBC International: Kind: captions Language: en when it comes to your private jet size matters but just how big are we talking this Airbus a319 is available for sale for a whopping 87 million dollars you might recognize the aircraft type easyJet have 135 of them but they carry 156 passengers this one just 19 imagine dining rooms leather lounge chairs and even marble bathroom units with showers but even after you hand over 89 mil there's still the running cost be somewhere in the region of fifteen to twenty thousand dollars an hour so the actual running cost of the aircraft will be less than that but that's what you'd pay to charter the aircraft but if you're not a head of state or billionaire you might consider embrace lineage 1000 D price tag just fifty 1 million dollars plus it holds up to 19 passengers you could say it's a deal watch satellite TV relax on the couch it's up to you now of course on those long 10 hour flights you will get a little sleepy these chairs they can turn into live flat beds but if you do want a little privacy you can head back here this is the private cabin area for this plane and it can have two full-size double beds but if 51 million dollars is out of your budget you might want to look at this one this is Embraer smaller legacy 600 it comes complete with all the trimmings albeit smaller this one on display at the Dubai Air Show is available for sale for just over five million now if you prefer an american-made Boeing jet well a brand new 737 will cost you about seventy million dollars but if you're after a deal I've got one for you this is a pre-owned Boeing a 737 business jet Lady gaga even the Rolling Stones have toured on this very plane and the price tag for this well it's a cool 15 million dollars so if you're after one you got to start saving up after Dubai Airshow I'm Phil Han for CNBC

  Top Comments:
  1. @hiteshkumar-cr4td [7 likes]: Mere 100m dollars 
Hahahahhah😂😁😁😁
  2. @parimal7528 [3 likes]: Nice vid but buying used aircraft is not much of worth unless you need one but can't really afford one. The engine maintenance, warranty, tax benefits etc. are not there on used/old aircraft. Many a times, the cost incurred on maintenance & fuel is far more than what it would have costed to buy new one & use it over a period of around 8-10 years. The ACJ320 family remains the world's best corporate jet family.
  3. @thehonorablejiveturkey6068 [1 likes]: I had no idea 100 million could be described as "mere". Incredible
  4. @thegoat5587 [1 likes]: A mere $100 .. thats cheap lmao
  5. @anasm4496 [1 likes]: I swear if you think 100 million is some mere. Your freaking sick af
  6. @perrydan4858 [1 likes]: Well that's crazy 100 million is all I have in my bank account
  7. @lakshaymakhija5304: "MERE"
  8. @Nonchalant_Arsonist: boeing for 15 mil?
sounds too good to be true
  9. @KimmyVG2323: VMy dad uses a gulfstream g60er for traveling to his good mines
  10. @chandlerbingbong: selling the 737's for peanuts. lol
  11. @StuartSteinberg-u6n: Hi.  I really liked your vide.  It is very informative and entertaining.  Just to let you know I found a great way to rent a private jet.
Click here
http://bit.ly/2DK9B7W
  12. @StuartSteinberg-u6n: Hi.  I really liked your vide.  It is very informative and entertaining.  Just to let you know I found a great way to rent a private jet.
Click here
http://bit.ly/2DK9B7W
  13. @2020visionrochesterhills: Ya and I will take 10 Pure Float Pods....
  14. @thatonedog819: Pocket change.
  15. @ianphair4942: valuemyjet.com
  16. @DenisKovaljov-w9k: шикарный самолет
  17. @ไปตามใจฝัน-ษ6ณ: Ok
  18. @syntraxmellow266: Whata my family would  never afford chat even if i worked my whole life i CAN bearly afford a 30 thousand car
  19. @Sllasaaa: I have 1 of this in my garage
  20. @fuzzbuttnmutt: Trickle down economics TOTALLY worked out........ in making the rich richer!

- Private Jet Flights for Commercial Airline Prices: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] ditching commercial airlines so you can fly like the elite is a frequent flyers dream now one company makes jetting off on a private plane cheaper than a first class ticket I went to Teterboro Airport to meet up with Alex Wilcox the CEO of jet sweet to get a taste of the ultra VIP life all right Alex we are here why don't you tell us a little bit about what we're going to fly today well here we are at Teto airport about to fly in a jet sweet jet I think you bought a sweet deal so we're going to take up to the skies and see what it can do all right let's talk about these sweet deals for a second you're basically telling me that I can rent this flight for about $500 how does that work well for 500 bucks you know if you like us on Facebook you have a shot at uh one of our empty legs we've got between six and 20 every single day why not give anybody a chance to uh fly for once in lifetime experience on a private jet all right Alex enough talk let's go fly this thing let's go for a ride okay so why don't you tell me some of the bells and whistles of a plane like this now that we're settled in and inside well you know here we go one of the best features and you can't actually see it uh is the training that we give our Pilots hey rway friend and our Pilots are all full-time as well uh so hly qualified and also very good-looking for you is there breaking news no no breaking news right now just my Mom calling as far as the airplane itself in terms of Hardware uh obviously there's power outlets uh at the seats so you can plug in your cell phone everybody wants to recharge things and the must have you know of the decade we've got Wi-Fi on board as well but it's even better than on the airlines because our bandwidth is such there so few people on board you can actually do Skype and FaceTime take off in with green spe live all right away we go way we go this is going to take off faster than your normal jet so hold on really all right rewind R oh wow you're not joking we're off we are off this airplane has one of the best climb ratios of any jet out there uh we go straight to 40,000 45,000 ft in under 20 minutes and uh once we get up there we have the air space all to ourselves so we're flying above the commercial Jets exactly so we fly more efficiently in smoother weather and uh without any delays and we don't get stuck in their traffic I feel like there was also this anti- private jet sentiment for a while especially in the depth of the recession this idea that people who flew privately were very out of touch with everything else that was happening in the country do you feel like that has faded at all well I think it is a little bit but a lot of it is about mystery you know I mean it's this this whole industry is shrouded mystery it's been the kind of business where if you have to ask how much it costs you can't afford it what's the weirdest thing someone has ask you if they can transport on board a jet sweet jet well we had one client uh that wanted to bring seven cats and for some reason when we wrote Our manuals we put an arbitrary limit of six pets on board so we actually had to turn her down we said no we can only take six unless we go back to the fa and republish our manuals and do all these things and she wanted to fly the very next day so we couldn't do it there are others that probably aren't fit for uh for a a family website uh up here we've got all the amenities for your flight obviously we have The Liquor Cabinet we mentioned before uh if You' like a glass of wine red or white we can provide that it even comes in its own glass absolutely gell for our when we fly Howard Hughes and we have uh the famous breakfast cookie all right it looks like we're about to land here I've got my cookie I've got my wine cheers to a great day on jet site cheers Sarah thanks for coming thanks for having

  Top Comments:
  1. @cathalreilly6579 [1 likes]: Stty away from the corod virus and your seif 👬👭🌈🌈😷🌄🌅👏
  2. @johnlavezzorio8011 [1 likes]: Most of what this guy told her is Pure BS.  Especially the part about no traffic.  How doy you think the aircraft reaches and decends through all the flight levels.  As someone who flew a Citation, this guy should stay in his office.
  3. @marshallallensmith [1 likes]: Maybe the military can start renting out the empty bomb bays to passengers too. Technology is so advanced they could drop you to with 10 meters of where you wanna arrive.
  4. @ravindertalwar553: Great excitement
  5. @NitayNostrasifu: Fully bankrupt Rough business
  6. @md.rakibulislam4053: how many price
  7. @mikeaabyjr.4755: Hi, here I am sharing best private jet charter services; Contact AERO JET SERVICES

Instantly Call Now:- 1-800-582-3641

Read more information:- https://www.aerojetservices.com/aircraft/heavy/
  8. @coltonmyers808: “One of the best climb rations”  not evenn close and a cj3 does not go up to 45,000 and no you are not above the airliners
  9. @wakilinjogu1727: $500 awesome
  10. @toddtoure7041: Looked economically Tight as far as the Size of the interior.
  11. @jakesanchez3552: That flight still costs more than my rent :)
  12. @LarsFreeburg: Climb rate you fool
  13. @halyeydhaladah5831: Overrated.
  14. @fturla___156: The people I know that can regularly afford to fly in that way usually already have their own aviation license and it's only a matter of deciding what type of plane they fly and where they want to fly on a regular basis.
  15. @dylanpruden7822: Breakfast cookie? Claaaasssssy!
  16. @pratheepyoutube9417: good morning 6/4/2018
  17. @TheDoug2103: THEY DONT GO ANYWHERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  18. @edwardarruda7215: they were bought out by jet blue...lol
  19. @chrisj197438: Put out or jump out!!!
  20. @wolfgreen162: I flew on a beech 1900 one time and that was two small for me. You had to bend over to get onto the plane. I'd fly in a bigger private get though. If I had the money, I'd make sure that I got one where you can stand straight with no problem.

- Life onboard a private jet: Kind: captions Language: en-GB It’s luxury in the skies for the 1%. Flying onboard a private jet – or PJ as its known, isn’t enough apparently. How you are treated can make all the difference. Private jet companies say this is what matters to lure in customers these days. One such company is VistaJet — where clients don’t need an annual membership, but instead pay per hour – usually around 10 to 15 thousand US dollars. If you’re lucky to fly onboard, this is what you’ll get. "When you look at some of the amenities onboard it goes from cashmere pyjamas to cashmere blankets, the highest quality of Egyptian cotton on the bed and when you look at what is served on the dining table, well its not styrofoam cups, its not plastic, its on Kristoffer silver just probably like our clients are used to be served at home." And when it comes to dining, it can get as extravagant as you want. "We have partnerships, with for example Nobu is a good friend of mine, we came up with the idea about two, two and a half years ago and its of great great acceptance throughout the world where clients can really enjoy as they could be eating in a restaurant, rather than some of that sterile airport catering which usually is being provided." Another private jet company, Net Jets, which uses a membership option, also caters to their flyers demands. When tennis player Novak Djokovic was flying from Nice, he requested a meal from his favourite restaurant in Monaco – Maya Bay Sushi. The added cost of those special requests are usually taken care of by private jet companies as standard. "And for us we have obviously a scale and we can acquire those products at a very good price and very happy to make those products available for our clients so that they do enjoy and indulge and feel home away from home." But with a one way trip from New York to London costing around 90,000 – you’d hope for a bit of food and drink onboard. Phil Han, CNBC, Northolt.

  Top Comments:
  1. @maxsdad538 [11 likes]: Nobody EVER calls it a "PJ". And as for the "evil rich 1%", THEY'RE lucky if they fly coach, let alone on a corporate jet. And at $12-15k an hour, you're not getting a Global 6000, you're getting a Boeing BBJ or an Airbus ACJ.
  2. @MegF142857 [9 likes]: Silver is not good for eating because has a taste. Use gold or stainless steel instead.
  3. @bro9479 [6 likes]: Nobody says PJ. No one.
  4. @sd906238 [4 likes]: For that kind of money I would expect that guy to get a hair cut and wash his hair.  I don't want to sit in a seat with the head rest covered with afro-gel.
  5. @BIGGELATO [3 likes]: These videos make the poor feel like shit, meanwhile the people thats learning financial literacy is motivated as fuck lol different mindsets, different attitude
  6. @thammanoonkamfunt5470 [2 likes]: Great  Aircraft !!!
  7. @cacalico [1 likes]: honestly its not that worth it.
  8. @sagarghosh2205 [1 likes]: Kashmir is famous everywhere....!!!!
  9. @iamtishaa.1002 [1 likes]: Learjet 75
  10. @deanblackmon2856 [1 likes]: You can do it on a Airbus 380 for 15 to 20 and get great a treatment and more room than you would own your own private jet
  11. @AnshikaGond-h5y: 0:28 do charter cabin crew faces sexual assault??
  12. @codylim1: Finished watching 2:08
  13. @McBeren66: ronaldo
  14. @b_to_the_b: No one calls it a “PJ” you fucking dickhead
  15. @InFltSvc: Who cares!
  16. @tangokilotravelvlog3978: Check out our Private Jet Video. https://youtu.be/DQOdvsOHyXw
  17. @jmmorgenstern7005: Otherwise it pays for me to buy the whole airplane out right or get it straight from the manufacturer so anyway you guys got to consider that in private Aviation and might pay for me to buy the plane outright straight from the manufacturer private aviation in other words needs to be at a cost where it's affordable not where it's not affordable
  18. @jmmorgenstern7005: What needs to be done in private Aviation and has not been done is you paid by the trip in other words you pay $150 for the trip itself and then or rather you rent the entire plane was let's say for example a plain of six seats you purchase the entire six seats and then it doesn't matter how Anaconda per hour charge it what bothers people like me and other things as well this has to come to an end it needs to be a set price for airplane let me let me take a six-seater you pay for all six seats and that's it hours are in the air or how long you're you're flying this needs to be eliminated and the hour charge it was it was
  19. @simranjeetsandhu5691: Nice jet
  20. @gabrielverdugo1716: Nole 💪🎾

- Sylvia shares her family's Flying Doctor story: Kind: captions Language: en if it wasn't for real fine doctors i wouldn't have a husband sam wouldn't have a father so they're lifesavers he was driving down the road in a triple road train and he said he felt pain go down his shoulder he obviously felt the chest pain so he pulled over into a park bay he'd had a severe heart attack he was at moore hospital about 9 30 where they'd started treatment on him and we waited for the royal phone doctors to pick him up and bring him to royal perth and then we got called into the family room which is not normal to be told that he had a cardiac arrest um once that landed at jandakot airport and that he was no longer going to royal curfew was going to fiona stanley i didn't realise that a cardiac arrest was where you'd actually died he was out for four and a half minutes she was on top of him giving him cpr by the time we got to fiona stanley we basically sat in a room for about 20 minutes and walked through to the hospital bed where he was sitting up smiling like nothing had happened royal flying doctors are amazing to me they saved my husband so they mean the world to us without them we wouldn't have we wouldn't have them now at all

- My Most Extreme Patient Encounters: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm coming up on 10 years of being a practicing doctor, and I've had some incredible patient encounters, wildest patient encounters, weird patient encounters. So I thought I'd chair a few of them right now. Let's get started. This story still haunts me to this day, that it happened in the way that it did, because it really shouldn't have went down this way. And this happened actually when I was a student and I was rotating at this medical facility. And I walk into the room and I'm like, what's going on? You guys are pretty banged up. And they said well, we were involved in a car accident coming back from Florida. The husband was behind the wheel of the car and actually fell asleep and ended up crashing the car at a very high rate of speed. They said, well we think we're okay. And we kind of went to the local hospital where we crashed. They were somewhere down south. But we felt like they didn't do a full evaluation that we thought was satisfactory so we came here. And I see that the male patient has a fractured clavicle. The female patient has a broken humerus, and so much so that I think it damaged her nerve plexus because she has a wrist drop. There was significant injury that was visualized on all of these tests. There were hip x-rays, abdominal CAT scans, but the one thing that wasn't there which shocked me, was a head CAT scan. So I go back into the the precepting room which is where you talk to all the senior doctors and I said look, let me dig into this case. I really looked through all the scans, I looked at all the records, the intake forms, and I see that the female patient is on Plavix. That's a blood thinning medication. She's on a blood thinning medication, just got into an accident at a high rate of speed and did not get a CAT scan. This is definitely wrong. I present the case to my attending. My attending as a family medicine doctor firmly agrees, says I cannot believe, is outraged, that we absolutely gotta get them to the ER. The next day I come into work and I'm so curious to see what has happened. I open the medical record to see what happened with this case. And I see that those patients left against medical advice, meaning that they signed a form saying that I don't want to be here, that I'm leaving before the doctor has cleared me to leave. The ER doctor said that the family medicine doctor doesn't know what they're talking about. You're fine now. It's been over 24 hours since your car accident. Because you're not showing any symptoms, there's no use to getting a CAT scan, and that you're gonna be fine. And I'm like look, this is gonna sound really annoying but I think you should go back to the ER. They're like well look, can we talk to your senior physician? I'm like he's not here today but as a med student I'm telling you, you really should go to the ER because you are on blood thinners. Your husband wasn't in great shape either. I really think both of you need to get scanned, and because I have another attending physician that's here right now in the hospital, we can meet you and get you scanned even if the ER doctor this time says no. The female patient has actually been admitted into the neuro ICU 'cause it turned out that after getting the CAT scan, she was actually having a very slow bleed into her brain as a result of being on the anticoagulation medicine Plavix. And they had to do an emergency craniotomy, which is with them opening up the skull and relieving the pressure. And had they not done that she could have died and probably would've died to be honest. I was like, oh my god, did I just save a life because of all this? The craniotomy went well, the neuro ICU stay went well. Everyone ended up recovering, all this stuff had a very happy ending. But because this was what we classify as a near miss, we actually had to file reports with our system in the computer where we report these near misses. We met with the head of the emergency department to talk about why this happened and created policies to make sure this never happens again. I was working in my clinic late one evening and what I like to do before I start my hours is actually look through who's on my schedule, look through what's going on in their medical history to make sure I'm not missing anything when I walk into the room. And I saw on my schedule at the end of the day was a young patient, a young girl that was coming in for like a sore throat. So I didn't think anything of it. When I look later in the day, that patient switched to a different patient, a male patient with a very similar name. When I walked into the room, I right away got a little bit of a strange sense that something else was going on because the patient was acting a little bit reserved. So I said, let's investigate. I introduce myself, I start asking the questions, and the patient abruptly, abruptly shifts the conversation and says doctor, I have to admit the real reason I'm here. I'm aware that your mom has passed. And I'm like thinking, where is this possibly gonna go? Well, I'm here because I actually have a message from her to you and I think it's really important that I share it. And at this moment I'm really confused because I don't know what to do. I wanna be professional. At the same time, I know that this patient is being unprofessional and I don't know exactly what my next steps should be. So I kind of gathered myself and I said, I appreciate you doing that, but I am here working and I have to take care of patients who are having illness and need my help. While I'm appreciative of the message, I'm not interested, and I have to move on to the next patient. I hope that's okay with you. And to my surprise, the patient goes that's perfectly fine. I'm okay with you doing that, but I just wanna say that I need to get that off my chest and share that with you. This totally threw me. But we moved on and we kept taking care of other patients. I actually have a patient who I've been taking care of for many years who happens to be a doctor, and we start talking about their health. They tell me that everything is in normal working order. They don't smoke, they drink socially. Very rare drug use. They are sexually active, intermittent protection. This is a male patient by the way. Look at the lab work and I see that it's all, it's all looking good. And then something happens which I really wasn't prepared for. I see that the HIV fourth generation test flagged positive. First of all, it's fairly accurate. There's not many instances where this test is inaccurate and they had a very big reaction, tears, and I understood why tears were coming. They were very worried. They didn't know what was going on. They weren't sure if this was sexual exposure or if this is a patient exposure. When I talked to them, I said okay look, this is a test that needs to reflex to other tests, and it's likely that those tests are still pending so let's wait for those tests to come back. Which then allows us to understand what type of virus this is. And again, we're talking about human immunodeficiency virus, which if untreated can progress to AIDS. They obviously were very emotional about it. I said look, go home. I should have the results by the end of the day. I'll call you at the end of my work shift. I see that the rest of the tests are all negative. I, in my history of being a doctor have never really seen a false positive for this fourth generation HIV test. In this instance, I said before I call the patient back I probably should do some really thorough research to give them answers why this was a false positive. So I pull up UpToDate, which is one of our most used resources as family medicine doctors which we use as a reference tool. And the thing tells me that the HIV fourth generation test which has changed since my education which was third generation test, now can flag false positive in some very specific instances. One is pregnancy. Two, if they are taking HIV medications. Three is if they have an autoimmune disorder. And then came number four, if they've recently received a flu vaccination. Apparently, and this is something that I even learned in that moment, there is evidence that when a patient receives a flu vaccine that they actually develop some antibodies that react with this agent on the fourth generation HIV test which can make it come up positive. But then if you check the rest of the tests they will all come up negative. And knowing that this patient of mine is a healthcare provider, knowing that I can look into the record and see when they had their flu shot. Five weeks before they had their flu shot. And there we go, we had my answer. So I called the patient back, told the patient good news. They obviously requested to be retested just to make sure. We rechecked in a few weeks and everything was totally negative at that time. But that's why it's really important that when you're ordering tests you know what to do if it's positive, negative, or even if you don't know what to do, you know where to look to get those answers. So the other day I had a patient who's around 40, 50 years old, and they say doctor, like I've finally been able to lose around 25 pounds. We've been talking about them losing weight for some time. They finally lost the 25 pounds and I haven't seen them in quite a bit of time. So I was sharing in their celebration. I was like, great job. So happy for you. How did you lose the 25 pounds? The patient said, you know what, I just haven't been doing anything. I just happened to lose 25 pounds. And I was like, wait, wait, wait. You've lost 25 pounds without trying, like unintentionally? And they said yeah. How long of a period of time did this happen? And he goes, it's been about a month, five weeks maybe. Now all these alarm bells are going on in my head. And I started asking about other symptoms. Well, you know, I've been a little bit tired, a little stressed out with work, but the fact that I'm losing weight makes me happy. The patient also mentioned some night sweats. I also looked at the patient during the physical exam. The tint of their skin color was a little bit off than their usual, 'cause I've seen them for three years. I felt like it looked a little bit more pale. I need to order some tests to give me reassurance that you're not really sick. The patient has a slight abnormality in their complete blood count and it was like so mild that maybe some doctors look at it and say no big deal. I didn't like the whole story. I felt like there was something more. So I told the patient that I was feeling this way and I said look, I think we should get a scan and rule out that there's nothing else going on. Something more sinister like cancer. What does the insurance company do? Denies the scan. We send in my paperwork, they deny my paperwork, so now I have to get a prior authorization. I called the insurance company, on hold, talked to one person and another person and I finally get a peer-to-peer, which is I'm talking to someone who's also a medical professional. I tell them I have a patient here that's lost 10% of their body weight. Will you take it upon your soul, your back, to say that if this patient has cancer and we miss it because you denied the thing, the test, that it's your fault. They said oh well, you know, if you're worried about cancer, maybe we can get it approved. I'm like no maybe, please get disapproved. I'm giving you the rationale. This makes a lot of sense. They said fine. And sadly enough, my patient turned out to have a lymphoma. And this is not a story that's happened a long time ago. This is something very recent. We were able to get them in with an oncologist very rapidly. The oncologist sent me a message in the electronic health record thanking me for doing this and speeding the whole process up because we were able to get the patient in quite early. I'm hoping for a good outcome. I don't have all the answers yet but because we're able to do this and argue for the patient's, on the patient's behalf, I'm hopeful we get a better outcome. I actually had a patient with foot pain that got way worse, way more of a complicated case. Click here to check that out and as always stay happy and healthy. (funky music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @TadsYT [1 likes]: Bro looks disappointed that the patient got the flu vaccine 😭 7:46
  2. @jordanbrooks3381 [1 likes]: I’m going to continue watching this channel, especially if this becomes a series. For some reason my algorithm has been feeding me ONLY bad doctor bs leading me to have mistrust in a lot of doctors. By listening to the first story and understanding how hard most doctors work to avoid a near miss…. gives me faith again. Thank you Dr. Mike!
  3. @OliveCommodari-f3z: Bish, CONGRATULATIONS!
  4. @Demeshio: 10:00 Now this is a nice way to talk to insurance company officials when dealing with such cases as a doctor 😂.. I'll always keep this in mind
  5. @TadsYT: Wow being a med student and saving a life must have felt incredible 3:20
  6. @chelseadelagarza722: Please don’t take the Lord’s name in vain! ✝️
  7. @wmadttrpg: The HIV false positive is so interesting. I wonder if the adjuvants cause enough inflammation that your immune system hits the “send everything” button.
  8. @alexjakian: Plavix is not an anticoagulant.
It is an antiplatelet medication.
  9. @MrOnemanop: You look sleep deprived. Hope you're not going at it too hard.
  10. @alyssalutchet6379: Thank you for actually looking into the guy who lost weight rapidly. Doctors either ask if you are intentionally starving yourself or are on drugs. 

Other than that, I wish I knew the warning signs when my grandpa lost weight. We cheered him on not knowing his gallbladder was failing. Wish I could go back in time. 😢
  11. @YourLocalOmnisexualInTheHouse: Today I popped a vessel and broke my wrist, arm, including the elbow bone, I got a x- ray like 4 hours ago!
  12. @CharlieB1989: Hopefully that HIV scare convinced them to practice safe sex 100% of the time from then on.
  13. @michaelquinn29: I too experienced a false positive hiv test….not fun. Since my doctor also had never had that happen at his practice he did not realize the lab would be running the additional testing automatically so when he called me to tell me he said he wanted me to come back to bet the additional testing done in his office but couldn’t get me into his schedule for 6 days! So for 5 days I was walking around wondering how it could have even happened and then the day before my appointment he called back and said the lab had sent the new test results they had run automatically and that I was a false positive and that it was only about a 1-2% chance of that happening. Needless to say I was was relieved
  14. @Mars_The_Dingo: 8:19 I would of also asked for a re-test just incase.that was a smart move because you never realy know
  15. @muggle_puff: Providers having to do peer to peer is not only a waste of their time, but shouldn't be necessary when all of the evidence is in the visit notes we send with the PA. Insurance is wack.
  16. @mommatanya1: With all those years of practicing,  I'd think you would be a pro by now.
  17. @Mire_Klick: the doctor that has ... "very rare druguse"

ahahahaha
thats junkietalk for "not reaaaally every day"
XD
  18. @mfn83: Crazy that they would deny a CT scan on 25 lb (!!) unintentional weight loss
Then again, Im an internist from Europe and all this pre-authorization confuses me
  19. @ukeyaoitrash2618: 08:02 I read that an Australian Candidate covid Vaccine also failed in trials due to the same side effect (making it seem like people had hiv)
  20. @Meldog1851: I’m just watching this randomly in 2026. I’m a former NICU nurse, meaning I’m not really up on adult medicine…situation 1 had me panicking!!! Blood thinner, car accident, no CAT scan 😮.

- Little Wings Flys Doctors To Regional NSW - This is Dr Kate Bryan's Story: Kind: captions Language: en little wings have been fabulous in collecting me and flying me and I have to say that I've never had my own plane before my name is Kate Bryan and I'm a general pediatrician not only is the work that we do quite complex and some days very difficult but if you add travel time sometimes that gets too hard recently I have had a very great great pleasure of working with little wings which has cut my travel time from six and a half hours drive to a one-hour flight we know that in Western New South Wales life expectancy has started to decrease it's really important that we support both the babies and the young people because if we are able to address learning Developmental and medical problems when they're children their longer term life outcomes are likely to be better there are a lot of wonderful Healthcare professionals who really want to help but actually getting them there and back can be really tricky sometimes we really needs the flights to continue for these clinics to be sustainable and for the long-term effects on Children's Healthcare

- What do narcissists do to truth tellers? (Narcissistic Family Roles): Kind: captions Language: en-US DISCLAIMER: this information is for educational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for clinical care. Please consult a health care provider for guidance specific to your case. This video discusses narcissism in general. The video does not refer to any specific person, and should not be used to refer to any specific person, as having NPD or narcissistic traits. Permission is not granted to link to or repost this video, especially to support an allegation that the makers of this video believe, or support a claim, that a specific person is a narcissist. That would be an unauthorized misuse of the video and the information featured in it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @donnetmorrison5687 [1 likes]: I’m the truth teller and scapegoat in my family ❤
  2. @BeautyforAshes2025 [1 likes]: I see. I’ve always seen. But of course I silenced myself and became the scapegoat. I chronically feel misunderstood. A yep. Alone. But, I’ve NEVER been more lonely than when I was in a 33 year marriage. It’s far more lonely being with people that don’t get you than it is being actually alone. I’d MUCH rather be alone. I don’t get drained by people. It’s refreshing. 51 years of thinking I was the problem. I’m not the problem. I know that now at least.
  3. @im_organic_mojo: Im as honest as can be. But sometimes i catch myself being snappy and reacting like my family before i catch myself. If im in a bad mood. I might sound like my dad
  4. @ryanray6215: That is why I left for good  to even a different country my narcissistic abusing family from the very very early childhood  members  as soon as I graduated  from university .  
Best decision ever !
  5. @TheBDSMShow: I’m a truth teller and this skill has failed me miserably in corporate America. Oh well lol
  6. @ollieewin4757: Telling the truth can lead to some
Crazy places, can eventually unearth your psyche and destroy your sense of self and you’ll wonder was that me fake, is the new me fake, is their a real self, either going to have to choose something in order navigate the world effectively 

Also got comedy skits on my channel about how to deal with an identity crisis that you might like too

🎯💥💪🔥☯️😈
  7. @hannahhms4902: Scaping goat right after my glimpse: 'I SEE YOU'. But there is no better place to exist in than myself. 
Love you guys. ❤
  8. @darlacobb810: Dr. Ramani,
Thank you for this video lesson. I believe that I fit in this category. My parents were not the the N P in my family. It was a sibling. I have been trying to heal  the hurt from this sibling for a while now. Even though we were not close growing up, because there was about a 9 year age difference. She was the older one. And to add to the story I was the youngest of 4, and adopted!
Your description of the truth teller is spot on. I feel as though you were talking directly to me. I'm sure you understand just how much this one (more) piece of information validates for me, that her behavior had nothing to do with anything that I did. 
Thank you,  from the bottom of my heart.
  9. @marc27-t7m: I tell on The Truth now. -marc27, The Truth Finder
  10. @sevauniverse: Loved this video! Do you have any content on how to relate to the non narcissistic parent in your family system? And into adult hood
  11. @jackhillard7831: To the max. I almost talk to no one in my family. My wife can’t believe how my family persists in treating me… at 56. Specifically my Mother, my aunt, and deceased Grandmother are/were she-wolves. Your commentary came so close to my profile it’s scary. I consider myself an exceptional musician and artist who came out of a violent family background. I would have been way better off adopted out of the madness. Still, my Lord and Savior Jesus said, and still says, I have a purpose amidst the madness I came from. That’s all I need to know. Thank you for your talking points. Your talk is so relational and is a relief. Lord Bless!
  12. @simebarbarosa4256: The truth often hurts ! No one likes to be hurt !  Since narcissts person tells  so many lies , they are really badly hurt.
  13. @FijiAndromeDAN888: I am the Truth teller in my family, they are are all using my mental health struggles that they contributed to along with my diagnosis to bolster their belief and need to make me the villain. It’s soul crushing on a daily basis absorbing all that projection. I’m Finally learning to accept the reality that they will never change. Now it’s time to disconnect from these energy vampires and live my own life . I’m going to stop trying to change the weather and learn how to sail!
  14. @lauracorbeth2888: Truth Teller here! Mother stopped speaking to me 10 years ago.
  15. @PerryEllis91: DRAG!
  16. @seansullivan420: go figure
  17. @destabilizingsystem: Its peoples voices I can tell what qualities are in peoples voices and I want to point them out. Only my sister has good hearing like me. My parents and two brothers cant tell or maybe they can but idk I dont think they can tell. I like talking to my sister more than anyone else in my family and the atmosphere is alot better when there are two of us. When its just me everyone else is just trying to be in charge its exhausting. When there is two of us the truth comes out easier.
  18. @valerieeilers5736: This is definitely the cause of a lifelong eating disorder.
  19. @RosemaryKale: Oh, I’m a truth teller and It’s playing out very badly for me.
  20. @jessicafinley482: Truth teller here. From a super toxic family. Raised by my grandmother. My mom had another girl when I was 2. One of my aunt's raised her and everyone was told to lie to her and say I was her cousin, her aunt and uncle were her parents, her cousins were her brothers.  Everyone knew except for her. I was outraged. It was wrong so when I was 5 and her and I were alone, I told her the truth. She asked her "parents" if it was true. They said no and within 2 months the picked up and moved over 2,000 miles away. The guilt was overwhelming. 

However, she was home alone at 18 and found her adoption papers. She really struggled realizing EVERYONE in the family had lied to her. She couldn't trust anyone. Except for who??? That's right. Me. 

It took 15 years of my forced silence, guilt, and shame to finally see how thankful my SISTER was to know there was someone in our family that she could trust. 

Looking back I feel extremely proud that I had more honesty, clarity, and integrity in my 5 year old little girl toe than over 20 of my family members combined. 

But it is absolutely a lonely path. But I don't mind it. I prefer the peace over pretending.

Tragically, that sister would later end up overdosing on alcohol and passing away. So sad. I will always take comfort in knowing I was her lighthouse in the storm.

- How to handle flying monkeys: Kind: captions Language: en-US DISCLAIMER: this information is for educational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for clinical care. Please consult a health care provider for guidance specific to your case. This video discusses narcissism in general. The video does not refer to any specific person, and should not be used to refer to any specific person, as having NPD or narcissistic traits. Permission is not granted to link to or repost this video, especially to support an allegation that the makers of this video believe, or support a claim, that a specific person is a narcissist. That would be an unauthorized misuse of the video and the information featured in it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacquelynescobedo9454 [1 likes]: Ignore them be busy with your life, go no contact, live your best life and be happy!
  2. @angela_ruberto: When the flying monkeys are your children it's particularly disgusting and abusive. Family courts should be closed. They don't understand coercive control. Neither do most Therapists - they only need a diploma in counselling, they don't train in personality disorders, attachment, family systems, delusional disorders or trauma.
  3. @jacquelynescobedo9454: My in laws are Narcissist... ignore the flying monkey don't give no personal information, no explanation on your behavior, don't share your goals or achievements with them... basically be boring...it would be the same you would do with the Narcissist.
  4. @LisaGorman-d4r: The Narcissist in my family recruited a family member and commented about her, "she pretty gullible". The Narcissist would express to his flying monkey thoughts of pity about many other family members, painting  a picture of someone who is unworthy and pathetic and want of pity.  The flying monkey, with rose-colored glasses, interpreted his statements as "empathic".  Saying "look at her, I feel sorry for her" is not the same as "I feel bad for her..". Everything Dr. Ramani describes is EXACTLY to a tee what my family is experiencing.  The price flying monkeys pay for their blindness is that they lose the good family members.
  5. @darlenedillehay4826: How did stalking become so mainstream? It's unlawful and creepy.
  6. @jordan_Army26: Thank you, Dr. Ramani  you are a brave soul, and I know you were attacked relentlessly for speaking up about these degenerates. You are doing so much good in this world and we must expose the toxicity of big groups of people.
  7. @dominicames4698: Ms Doctor Ramini, DO NOT GiVE Up, God WiLL turn things around for you and you will, one day, get back your Youth... imagination and all, then the Flying Monkeys won't just be a Psychological Mental Concept for you, for you'll see the Actual Buggers whispering in the ear of those who stalk your clients, the beings hiding in The Shadows, the actual Shadow Beings....
  8. @TheDevineFempress: Cut them off
  9. @Hithere2002: Flying monkeys need to mind their own business….they are stupid and I pick this up. Any high level person would not interfere unless they knew both sides of the story. And it’s still  better you say nothing.  Cut them out, most of the  time they’re busy bodies and/or gossips. My energy cringes around  that energy. I pick it up.
  10. @michellebrouet8448: Narcissism is a “team sport”simple! 

Narcissist + flying monkeys = Total Devastation. 

Imagine a massive swarm of locusts in a small corn field. It’s Game over!!! These people do not want to change. In fact they don’t know the meaning of the word. It’s best to protect yourself, set boundaries if possible and if not, just part ways.
  11. @angeliclizzie: wow i’m one
  12. @pdp9459: Give them the information, that will confuse the narcissist or keep him diverted or busy. They are his informers, you can use them for your benefit also. Or tell them things about narcissists like he has funds, ask him, ask him to do this for you. Keep them engaged and confused
  13. @FlyingMonkey-h7k: 🖐😆👌 You avent met me yet. I'm a son of a mother introverted narcissist manipulated to hate my dad narcissist extraverted and i'm very smart. I haven't met no one to have the last word on me yet. i became unmanipulable and sharp as a razor blade and still a Flying monkey but for my own objective if i need to be. I'm having fun breaking manipulative patterns to protect manipulated peoples. I now serve the right cause. 🙏
  14. @SynthD: When the narcissist turn their own children into FMs it gets insane.
  15. @EmeraldKnight28140: I’m still working at the same place with my flying monkey. He tried talking to me a couple times and I used the grey rock method. I’m positive that he got the message that I didn’t want to speak to him ever again. I’m not sure how in the world  they can pretend no conflict happened in the past and then all of sudden they want to become friends with you again, literally after they disbanded you. I don’t wish karma but I hope all narcissists and flying monkeys see a reality and different perspective on how they mistreated people in their lives.
  16. @peKPRODUCTS: Narcissism is easy to catch when you’ve met someone outside your family members versus family members themselves- until you see it in the outside world- only then can you see it in your own family… like from a exhusband— then your own dad..
  17. @lisakelly7045: Lots of Flying Monkeys in Kalamazoo, MI so if crime strikes and police deny justice The Magnitude of Flying Monkeys will be realized and it’s scarey bad This is possible on American Siol! But it’s here! I am being made to suffer the crime here over 38 years! The immense amount of crime rageing all this time is unbelieveable! To this moment in time the bad neighbor issue causes grief!! Flying monkeys are insanely bad neighbors. I believe big pharmas army is A lot of flying monkeys… if u know a good lawyer i have a huge case!! Thank you!
  18. @aqilaAziz-t4m: i am know again in that circle again after so many run. I try to confront in this 2026, i imagine their religion outfit that was holy and they have physical monkeys and fur all around the body, sound like monkey 'u-a'a'a' in that outfit to calm me, it working now...and i can keep my smile
  19. @TuneN2U2026: I am living with a narc who is using your videos as a way to add to their arsenal of weapons they have to lob against me and to try to paint me as the narc. In the 20 years we’ve been married, I have stood by him through 12 years of alcohol and drug abuse, protecting him. I'm literally the last person standing in his life. I have read a lot of stories about how they will actually try to make YOU look like the narcissist. He has isolated me completely; no one will come near our house. He's fallen out with many members of our family and then blames me. He is so convinced that I am a narc now that he spends hours studying all your videos. I didn't know he was doing this until I happened to come across an option to replay one of your videos in our streaming service. I asked him about it and he said I should watch so that I could learn what he has to f’ing live with. ☹ I then realized he had been devouring these videos for months. Even when we tried to go to couples counseling.  We tried to go to counseling with a psychologist who specialized in Gottman, but he refused to try. Can you please explain how someone could possibly be so buried in their own selves that they dig and hunt for reasons why I don't deserve anything good? I work full time AND run a side business. He stopped working 11 years ago, REFUSES to work, so it's all on me now. He’s been in multiple treatments, multiple diagnosis for MDD and other things associated with addictions. He’s been 'sober' now since the beginning of the pandemic, but he has never done the work. his own children don't speak to him. He has been a 'father' figure in my own children's lives for 20 years, and yet he managed to bail on going to my son's wedding, and said it was my fault. He has not even reached out to my son to try to talk to him. It crushed my son. the list is endless, but my prize for holding out for the man I fell in love with 20 years ago is that he withholds everything from me: intimacy, love, kindness, companionship, and he will not allow any joy to come into the home. If he knows something is important to me, he destroys it. This pattern is his. This is both of our second marriages, and I was madly in love with him. He was everything and more than I ever wanted. the alcohol and drugs began to show very early in our marriage. I personally detoxed him 5 times in secret from opiates. We have spent tens of thousands of dollars on treatment facilities. We had a publicly traded oil company, and I had to make sure no one ever knew what he was doing. I created a perfect space for him to be exactly who he is and the reason he is now working on finding yet another reason why I am the issue/problem is because he knows he has pushed me to my limit. Please tell me how your videos may be something that might help him turn the lens on himself and see what he's doing. I am literally shaking and crying writing this because the list of things he'll never do for/with me again are the only promises he has kept for me. That list includes I will never earn a dime for you again. I will never dance with you again. I will never travel with you again. I will never say good night to you again. that's just the beginning. Two years ago, I also found what I call his 'burn book' on me that he is journaling almost daily what I do that annoys him. In over 1,000 pages, not one single kind thing has been said about me. Not one. I confronted him, and he was so angry that I had seen it that it overshadowed any hurt it caused me and there has never been an apology.  He cannot acknowledge how much damage his drinking and drugs did to our marriage.  Yet he finds ways to make everything my fault.  Everything.  No exceptions.  Yet I have never abandoned him. I'm the last man standing in his life and working on my own self-regulation and trying to find ways to NOT need anxiety meds for the first time in my life. he will never ever acknowledge that he hurts me. I am working hard to break free from the emotional and psychological abuse I have endured with him and worked even hard to find my own way to joy and happiness despite what he does. How do you reach a person like that who feels like he's hit a goldmine with your videos. I am as baffled by him actually trying to do this to me (after every other thing he's tried to 'diagnose' me with has failed) but I'm as baffled by this as I am by why any woman would ever support the prez. all the trademarks of narcissism are on him. He stonewalls. Silent treatment as punishment. Escalating to huge proportions if I try to speak to him, screaming within a centimeter of my face to make me stop. blatantly ignores me. He’s done this so much now that it's habit and he forgets to not do it when other people are around. It’s embarrassing. He locks himself in his bathroom for LITERALLY hours every day. Sometimes up to 12 hours in a single day he does not come out. especially if I'm home. He will not help me with anything, not the house, not lifting something heavy. I turned 60 in November, and he literally told me that he didn't think I deserved to be celebrated. so he didn't even say happy birthday. and if I share something vulnerable or special with him (usually in a moment of weakness thinking we might be okay) it later comes back to me either making fun of me or as something he can target to ruin for me. I have never, not once, done anything like that to him. Ever. please explain to me how someone like that could look at the woman who is working two jobs (over 80 hours a week). it's hard for me not to be mad at you, but I know there is no way you could be aware of this without me reaching out. I wish I could send this privately or anonymously, but I can't. and it's way too important for me to put this out there because there are people who are truly victims of a narcissist and the worst ones ultimately will find a way to make YOU the narcist and I am not sure there is any way to fix it without leaving and giving up on all the hope that has kept me here waiting for the man I married to return to me. :(  Not everyone is watching your videos or help to truly understand. They are using them to continue building their arsenal of weapons to justify the way they treat another person. ☹
  20. @matthewdeepblue: My house is completely surrounded by flying monkeys... You know like in the wizard of Oz? I don't think I can I can fight them off... I jumped on YouTube for help and this is what I get?!?!

- Federal Air Surgeon on Pilot Mental Health: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hi, I'm Dr. Susan Northrup, the FAA's federal air surgeon. You may have seen a lot of focus recently on pilot mental health. I want you to know that the FAA is committed to prioritizing the mental health of pilots. We are doing everything we can to encourage open discussion of these issues and early intervention when necessary. Most conditions, if treated, do not disqualify a pilot from flying. In fact, only about 0.1% of all medical certificate applicants who disclose health issues are final denied. In numerous venues, we have tried to decrease the stigma in the aviation community. Just as society grapples with further reducing the stigma surrounding mental health through our educational and outreach efforts, we have attempted to dispel the myths. A mental health diagnosis is not a career ender. Any pilot with a substance use problem who achieves satisfactory recovery will get back in the cockpit. And we continue to look for ways to further break down other barriers. We have hired additional mental health professionals to expand our in-house expertise and to decrease wait times for return to fly decisions. We have completed clinical research and amended policy to make it much easier for pilots on a widening number of antidepressants to continue with their careers. We have streamlined the ability for pilots with minor or remote ADHD or A.D.D., post-traumatic stress disorder and situational depression or adjustment disorders to obtain an airman medical certificate. We have increased mental health training for aviation medical examiners to enable them to better help pilots. And we make sure to update the checklists and instructions in our Guide for Aviation Medical Examiners each month. Ultimately, though, any discussion about safety and performance must involve open and honest communication. During the periodic medical examination, pilots must disclose all existing physical and psychological conditions and medications, and the aviation medical examiner should follow up on each of these appropriately. There are times when safety dictates that we must disqualify a pilot. But I want to stress that the FAA is working hard to make these cases the exception and not the rule. We have advocated for and been closely involved with pilot peer support programs throughout the industry. We work closely with pilot advocacy groups and universities to develop similar programs for commercial and business aviation, as well as general aviation. As with any other medical issue, early treatment for mental health conditions almost always results in a better outcome. We look forward to working together with you on our shared goal of making every flight a safe one. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @skiptheboxingkangaroo [9 likes]: 3.5 years of back and forth, thousands of dollars spent, and still no medical. You guys are really out of touch with yourselves and the concern for your pilots.
  2. @claudiacyrankowski1162 [9 likes]: You destroyed everything I worked hard for! I put so much money into this!
  3. @loriannalumiernoir2371 [4 likes]: Glad I followed the link to find this video. I'm about 25 hours into my training and decided to start looking into the medical. I started a mood stabilizer back in early 2018 for period depressive spells and haven't had an issue since.
I figured for sure this wouldn't be a problem. I watched the video on the FAA site and bought the whole thing. Now I'm realizing that if I continue to pursue this training, I'm likely going to be wasting my time and money.
So. "Glad" I followed the link. But also absolutely gutted.
  4. @thesparkypilot [4 likes]: So, I appreciate this effort but you have guys like Trevor Jacob returning to the skies while someone who had an issue a long time ago or maybe wants to talk to a therapist about some stuff going on in their life sidelined for longer.  

When is this discrepancy going to be reconciled?  Is it really safer for Jacobs who endangered lives to be in the skies than the person who knows themself well enough to seek a therapist to maintain a realistic view of their life and issues?  I hope we hear from the FAA on that very soon.
  5. @danielornelas1365 [4 likes]: Hey FAA, nice try. The cost and hoops someone would have to jump through to get a medical clearance for mental health issues is ridiculous. I personally don’t think the bureaucracy and cost helps with reducing the stigma related to mental health. If fact I think the FAA rules related to mental health makes the stigma worse for people with mental health issues.
  6. @fidelcastration8036 [3 likes]: Ya know, this whole thing strikes me as incredibly arrogant. The field of psychology has only been around about 120 years.

Quite literally it’s the newest field of science being studied. Even quantum physics is older. (As far as I know) That being said, doing the mental gymnastics of depression=suicide=flying a plane into a building not only is beyond stupid, it has far reaching incredibly horrific consequences if propagated through the rest of society. 

Those consequences being, not allowing people to chase their dreams and move forward in life, essentially preventing the healthy integration of whatever may have caused the depression in the first place. 

So it would seem the FAA has a choice to make here. Propogate an environment that encourages dishonesty by holding an unreasonable consequence over pilots heads, which actually encourages people to self medicate with alcohol? (And we all know that’s starting to be a pretty major problem in the industry.) Or, allow pilots the mental flexibility to exorcise conventional wisdom to speak to a professional, no matter how big or small the issue may be.

Arguably, the issue itself is already a massive breach of privacy that speaks to a massive disconnect between our government agencies , and its citizens. The consequences of which many historians and sociologists have already warned us about.

The balls in your court. Do better.
  7. @KamilFelker-qt3ov [3 likes]: She sounds likes she’s being held at gun point by the FAA and forced to read a script
  8. @itsjavaman [2 likes]: I write too much, so heres the short version. Why are FAA Medical Examiners warning folks about what to disclose and what not to disclose when talking to another AME?  There have been countless examples of folks being deferred for issues that should not be a concern such as a missing digit on a pilots finger, or a guy who disclosed he had chest pain but it was caused by indigestion. The costs and time to resolve issues like this were high. If you are saying that 1% of 1% (.0001) of medical issues resulted in a disqualification, then how much time and money is it costing the Pilots and the FAA? It seems like the process could be significantly more efficient.  They question the effectiveness of an AME over a regular medical doctor who knows your health more intimately.  They will tell you that choosing the right AME matters.  All that additional training, by the way to become an AME (Wikipedia), consists of a 5 day course in Oklahoma. I've come to respect the safety protocols that the FAA maintains as any pilot should. A large part of that protocol is trusting a pilots judgment on how they are feeling physically and mentally. From the limited data that I've seen, the factors that resulted in avaition fatalities  were generally based on overconfidence and poor planning. Not high blood pressure.
  9. @ericrmd1448 [2 likes]: Empty words.
  10. @MrUranium238 [2 likes]: calling BS on the FAA when it comes to this issue
  11. @bradmoyer9737 [2 likes]: As with any current federal government departmental proclamations, the first thing you need to figure out is this direct disinformation or misinformation to keep you from looking at their actions. The old adage of whatever they are accusing you of, is what they are guilty will still get you to the truth of the matter.
  12. @joedaviss9448 [2 likes]: IF the FAA gave a shit about pilots they wouldn’t take 4-6 months to process medical paperwork!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  13. @Maurus200 [2 likes]: Can you explain why when I forget to check a box on my medical it flags what I forgot for the AME so they can correct it? Clearly you have and track the information and me constantly reporting all issues I have had over the last 20 years is unnecessarily repetitive. How about you make the form just be "what changed since your last medical exam?" This would not only make the application much easier to deal with over time but also not waste the time of AMEs.
  14. @ytmusic4388 [1 likes]: It wouldn't be radical at all that The FAA should just REMOVE the requirement to report any past mental health conditions in addition to decriminalising disclosures. That is the ONLY way they can build any trust with the pilot community on this matter at this point.
  15. @ytmusic4388 [1 likes]: I hope she reads this comment section to realize how much BS they've been spewing, and a reality check on their policies
  16. @ytmusic4388 [1 likes]: One shall start to believe this when seeking treatment or past diagnosis are treated with no more restrictions than having consumed alcohol more than 8h ago. 
 Oh, lll gladly take a 30 day timeframe even. Imagine having all that administrative punitive burden on top of restrictions and SIs being placed on a pilot because they once had a beer like two or ten years ago
  17. @Grumpy_Vet_Goes [1 likes]: How can a U.S. Army combat veteran meet and/or discuss their medical denial from the FAA after jumping through one hoop after the next? Was good enough to be commissioned as an officer, good enough to command hundreds of soldiers, good enough to possess the nations highest security clearance, good enough to deploy multiple times to combat zones, just NOT good enough to fly a Cessna airplane solo.
  18. @HavenChildress-o7j: KEY WORDS!!!!!!!: “Only 0.01% of pilots who disclose health issues are denied.” What is the percentage of people who disclose mental health issues?! That’s the number I’m interested in.

I just got my STUPID denial because I was on antidepressants because my old job made my life a literal living hell. It’s just the rules in general that piss me off. If I want my medical, I have to take the expensive cogscreen again. I don’t make much. My parents could help me, but they don’t. While at Oshkosh, the doctor told me I had to be off antidepressants for X amount of months before taking the cogscreen. I didn’t know that, and I threw $1800 down the drain, and he agreed. Why didn’t anyone tell me that? Why was that not in my letter?! The process is designed so you’ll give up, lose interest, or run out of money trying. I’ve already spent $5000 and given a year and a half of my time trying to get this stupid medical only to get a no. Like. What. All this is a money grab. That’s literally it. All the money I’ve spent on this has made me sick to my stomach, and the only thing that’s making me “sad” in life isn’t my job, family, or friends; no, it’s the fact I can’t be a pilot because I can’t pass a stupid cogscreen from the 1980s. In that respect, the FAA is 44 years behind. Again, I say, WHAT?! There’s no reason for this. I also understand I am not the only one waiting on a medical, but here’s the thing: so many people wouldn’t be waiting if they didn’t make everything an issue. Any small thing they flag you for. It’s unrealistic. And being so careful to say, “0.01% of pilots get denied for disclosing health issues. ”It doesn’t matter I have 90 hours of flight time; it doesn’t matter I got a 90 on my private pilot written exam. No, none of that matters. What matters is I was diagnosed with ADD in elementary school, took meds, all those meds did was make me sick, and I went to go get help with my depression and dealt with it the correct way. It makes me regret going to the doctor. And they wonder why pilots lie on their medxpress. This is why. And it’s really sad. I bet you if EVERY pilot had to take the cogscreen, HALF would get their medical pulled. So respectfully. What?! Please explain it to me because I don’t understand it. Also, people like Trevor Jacobs can fly, but I can’t because I can’t pass a cog test and went to the doctor to deal with stuff the right way. A cardiologist I know told me some of his patients are flying for the airlines, but I go to the psychiatrist, and it’s game over for me?! My old job is still dominating my life. It’s dictating the future of me becoming an airline pilot, and I am not ok with that. But see, I also don’t take no for an answer because I refuse to settle. I love flying more than I ever thought I could. I’m broke and these tests aren’t covered by insurance because they aren’t “medically necessary,” which is true. They definitely are not.
  19. @TonyFarley-pv3nk: What about when they cut down invasive species like trees well did you bring in the state are highway patrol the weigh stations movement since I don't know where a tree will grow to certain size and take another one down
  20. @lindasantini5618: I used "orthomolecular" treatment and homeopathy to CURE my loved one's "incurable" bipolar with psychosis. I think ALL pilots should have these wonderful treatments available to them. The ONLY thing conventional mental health care does is suppress symptoms. It cures no one because it isn't designed to cure anyone, just turn all patients into customers-for-life. The word "cure" isn't even allowed in discussions with psychiatrists and there's no exit plan. For more info, please see my 3 videos on orthomolecular treatment on YT at "Linda Van Zandt's Mental Health Recovery Channel." Also, homeopathic Causticum is often used to cure warts that are on the face or right up next to fingernails. --Linda, author of (almost-finished), "Goodbye, Quacks—Hello, Homeopathy!

- Promoting Healthy Brains; Measuring Emotions; Exploring Stress Physiology: Pilot Research Relay: Kind: captions Language: en good morning good morning welcome everyone to the Harvard Medical School ooser Center uh for Integrative Medicine Grand rounds this morning so we hope you all had a wonderful summer um my name is Gloria yay I'm the director of clinical research at the osher center um and I just want to thank you all for joining us this morning at our first fall session of the new Academic Year so um as you may know the oer center is very fortunate to have a competitive pilot grant funding program where we're able to provide seed funding for uh two to three promising research projects um each year that uh engage our community to collaborate together and move forward um innovation in the field so it's our pleasure today to um to have today's Grand rounds showcase three of these recently funded projects um and the piis so Dr Ryan mace uh Dr Michael Goldstein and Dr Abigail belder so I'm going to uh introduce each of the speakers before they talk uh and then we will allow um a brief two-minute uh Q&A after each of the individual talks um at the end of each of the uh at the end of all three talks um if time allows we'll then open it up again for questions to all of the three speakers all right so um please use the Q&A function in Zoom to write in your questions at any time uh during the talks all right and I'll be able to uh uh take a look at those and pose them to the speakers at the end um okay so with that uh let me introduce our first speaker so the first Speaker today is Dr Ryan mace Dr mace is a clinical health psychologist and an assistant professor in the department of Psychiatry at the Harvard Medical School and at the Massachusetts General Hospital Center for Health outcomes and interdisiplinary research his clinical research focuses on the integration of mindfulness lifestyle behaviors and Technology to promote brain health in aging and medical populations and he has extensive uh training in delivering evidence-based integrative and mindbody therapies to individuals diads and groups across the health illness Spectrum he was awarded an niia National Institutes of Aging k23 Career Development award to refine the my healthy brain intervention for which he was a originally awarded the oosha pilot funding and we have the opportunity uh this morning to hear about this project today so welcome Dr mace thank you Dr yay for that introduction I'll go ahead and share my screen can you see this okay fantastic well thank you so much for the invitation to present at Grand rounds um actually was here uh a few years back before um presented Grand rounds prior to starting this project and it's really exciting to return and share the results and so my project is titled the my healthy brain program a novel Mind Body program for promoting brain health through lifestyle change and just briefly to tell you a little bit about my Center the Center for Health outcomes and interdisciplinary research uh directed by Dr Anna Maria ranu um we develop mind body and lifestyle interventions um across Ross the health and aging uh lifespan um but I specifically focus on older adult and aging population specifically as Dr yay mentioned integrating mindfulness and Technology to promote healthy aging and hopefully Stave off cognitive decline and dementia and I was very fortunate to be awarded an ooser pilot Grant in 2020 uh it really kept me sane during the pandemic uh and and more importantly led to um my independent research program through an Nia k23 Career Development award about 40% or nearly half of risk for dementia may be attributed to various modifiable lifestyle risk factors which is good news uh given that that actually gives us something to maybe you know take some agency in protecting our brain health and reducing our own risk of cognitive decline and dementia and based on epidemiological and metaanalytic studies the main pillars of brain health health or lifestyle factors that reduce risk for dementia include physical activity sleep adequate diet and nutrition specifically the Mind diet or the DASH diet which is the Mediterranean diet increased mental stimulation and social activity with aging and reducing unhealthy urges like excessive drinking or smoking tobacco but like all of us older adults struggle to start and maintain Healthy Lifestyles whether it be stress or lack of time or resources but specifically to aging populations um cognitive decline and early memory challenges can get in the way of lifestyle goals mindfulness is emerging as a promising Avenue for promoting and sustaining lifestyle Behavior change and according to the mindful self-regulation Theory mindfulness may help with lifestyle goals in terms of uh raising awareness of negative habits such as overeating when stressed or or not going to the gym when we become overwhelmed with work it may allow us to be more in the present moment and reduce autopilot to make and sustain intentional lifestyle choices and specific to brain health it may have some direct benefits and there's lots of studies out there uh from from the Imaging and Neuroscience World showing um that mindfulness promotes brain stronger brain structure and a more efficient cognitive function but it also helps with some indirect benefits um such as reduc in peripheral risk factors for neurological illness such as cardiovascular disease chronic stress and depression and it also may help older adults cope with cognitive symptoms rather than catastrophizing about whether a memory lapse uh may be an indicator of something more serious like cognitive decline or dementia and most importantly we're finding that uh mindfulness is feasible for older adults uh even with uh subjective cognitive decline or mild cognitive impairment and this leads to the the my healthy brain program which I'm excited to share with you today mindfulness um and cognitive behavioral therapy uh components really uh make up the core of the my healthy brain program so when combining them what this looks like is for example um setting individualized lifestyle goals using the smart framework um and combining that with mindfulness to stay on track as well as some formal mindfulness practices that are related to Lifestyle behaviors such as mindful walking or mindful eating and because the oer award came in during the the co 19 pandemic we had to like everyone else move our study to Virtual and so what we've combined is this mindfulness and cbt-based approach with patient informed Technologies including using an activity watch like an actograph or a Fitbit to track progress with sleep or with step count as well as conducting the program entirely virtually via Zoom as well as the cognitive assessments that we do at the beginning and the end of the program with the goal of targeting um these lifestyle risk factors that are most associated with uh dementia and the long-term goal being to reduce the risk of dementia and cognitive decline so we've been developing the my healthy brain program at MGH choir iter iteratively over the past few years following the NIH stage model which is similar to the phases of pharmaceutical drug development and the osher pilot funded the initial development of the my healthy brain program which I'll be sharing about briefly today with the ultimate goal of working toward a fully powered efficacy trial of my healthy brain to test um efficacy for our primary outcomes of cognition and lifestyle as well as some mechanisms of mindfulness for Behavior change versus an attention pilot Grant was a qualitative uh focus group study to develop and refine the initial my healthy brain program we conducted two focus groups with 11 patients referred from the oer clinical program and these were older adults who were aged 60 and over they had some interest in lifestyle Behavior change and they had some early concerns about memory loss and what we found were that there were biopsychosocial determinants to lifestyle change that medical comorbidities or family history of um dementia was a motivator for interest in a lifestyle program there were a lot of barriers including low motivation difficulty planning stress anxiety and depression that we needed to to address in a program like my healthy brain and of course like many others uh time finances and transportation also made lifestyle change uh challenging there was high interest in mindfulness um people found that it was something that they uh either had prior experience with or interested in learning in a program like my healthy brain but there were a few challenges such as concerns about not practicing mindfulness right or not being able to stop their thinking which are very common for people practicing meditation for the first time and contrary to the stigma of older adults not wanting to or being able to use technology at the start of the pandemic a lot of older adults were already familiar with zum and therefore uh there was a lot of positive perceptions of complete this program virtually and we published these results in aging and mental health and this prepared us for part two where we conducted a mixed methods virtual open pilot of the my healthy brain program um older adults with the same eligibility criteria so uh 60 and older early cognitive decline and then one or more of those lifestyle risk factors for dementia um were referred by the oser clinical program our primary outcome were feasibility markers uh essentially can older adults complete this program do they want to stay in the program and do they enjoy the program otherwise we'd want to make some refinements before conducting more resource intensive larger trials but we were also interested in changes in cognition lifestyle behaviors and mindfulness mechanisms that we hypothesized and essentially at the study flow that you see down um at the bottom participants were referred virtually from oer um they conducted Baseline and post assessments virtually via zoom in group or one-on-one settings uh in breakout rooms for the cognitive assessment and we used the mocha for this pilot study and then during the intervention phase uh the participants met with me in a group setting for eight weekly sessions uh 90 minutes each in which they set individualized lifestyle goals they wore an actograph watch to objectively Monitor and track their their progress toward those goals and then they learned mindfulness uh uh supported by uh in session meditations as well as recordings on our website that they could play back at any time and after the intervention phase they repeated the assessments and then we did a group exit interview to learn what participants thought of the program and as I mentioned before feasibility was our primary outcome and there's a lot of results on this page but I hope to highlight that overall um we met our feasibility benchmarks which was very promising that older adults could enroll complete uh the program and uh complete all the assessments and data collection the one uh Benchmark that did not meet our criteria was treatment expectancy um and it's not surprising that older adults may have been a little bit um you know uh hesitant of whether they would benefit or see drastic or significant improvements in their memory or their cognition given the expectation that uh dementia is neurodegenerative so this is really important information for future studies to set expectations of what people may um may expect to benefit from Pro a program like my healthy brain we have a lot of quantitative results as well um generally we found medium to large effects in our um cognitive and lifestyle outcomes we did not find any effects for alcohol diet depression anxiety or social social isolation which indicates the need for some further tweaks to our our inter ition components or our measurements moving forward in future studies um however we did find some promising effects with cognition uh as you see on the Le hand side with the Montreal cognitive assessment as well as decreases in self-reported cognitive symptoms and I think uh most importantly what really illuminates the program is what people thought uh in a qualitative exit interviews and we found strong uh positive overall impressions of the program uh people ascribed mindfulness to being its own reward and this is something that um many had said even though they've never practiced mindfulness in the past and they started to integrate it with their lifestyle goals and plan to sustain practicing mindfulness long term after the program so in conclusion uh the virtual my healthy brain was feasible and acceptable for older adults with early risk for dementia and integrating mindfulness in technology is a promising approach for promoting brain health and life lifestyle change with aging and uh this sets the stage for the next study uh currently in year two of my k23 which was informed by the oer pilot to further refine the program through qualitative interviews with medical professionals and providers at within MGB to prepare for a feasibility RCT of the my healthy brain program in the future I plan to submit an ro1 to test the efficacy of my healthy brain and eventually tailor the the program to underserve populations to address the vast disparities in dementia and brain health care and hopefully scale this broadly using digital Health technology thank you so much uh for the opportunity to present uh and the funding from the oser a grant and we are currently accepting referrals to the next trial so if you know any older adults that you work with um or in your personal life with early concerns about memory loss and interested and changing their lifestyle uh please send us referrals uh thank you so much thank you Dr mace really exciting to sort of see where um the oer pilot funding was able to really jump start this this project and it's got its whole trajectory you know ahead um very very exciting um I'm just going to take a quick look at the Q&A to see if we have any questions from the audience um there is one question it's a it's a quick question uh that uh from one of our let's see um was was taii part of the activity or program that's the question and perhaps you know part of that is is um knowing that uh you know taii as a mindful movement is is quite quite popular among Elder Elder folks so um speak that a little bit yeah that's a great question I think it's a major limitation of the program we did not include any movement-based mindbody practices it was purely uh mind mindfulness meditation more as in a seated practice although we did have mindful walking um but it's something that we would love to incorporate in the future great thank you so much all right so um I know that there's going to be other questions out there um if folks can just save them for the very very end so we can just get through all of the presentations okay so I'm gonna go ahead uh to our next presenter um I'm gonna introduce Dr Michael Goldstein so Dr Goldstein is co-director of the behavioral Sleep Clinic in the department of Psychiatry and a research associate in the Department of Neurology at the Beth Israel deonis Medical Center Dr Goldstein completed a post-doctoral research fellowship at the bi um and Harvard Medical School and obtained certificates in clinical Effectiveness and sleep medicine in addition uh Dr Goldstein is also a licensed clinical psychologist in private practice who specializes in sleep and circadian rhythms depression anxiety managing chronic health conditions work related stress and life stage transitions um where he integrates mindfulness breathing based practices and Technologies such as mobile apps and where able devices to tailor individual treatment plans so he also previously served as Clinical Director for the bi DMC division of digital Psychiatry thank you so much Dr Goldstein for joining us take it away thank you very much uh yes really thrilled to share these results from the pilot study so uh even though what I will present is a small circumscribed uh pilot study it really was years of um of work also during the pandemic and um and really took a whole team of collaborators so uh and complimentary to what I um see from from Dr Ma's work in building the framework for a long-term research program this release was a valuable um opportunity to get into the elements of what's going on behind the scenes both for doing the research and also for capturing some of the experiences and behaviors of participants doing these types of interventions so um to dive right into it um no disclosures and I hope at the end of this that you will have a sense of preliminary data regarding the possibility of dismantling components of yogic breathing into mindfulness and the breathing specific pieces however spoiler alert uh as a pilot study very small n we didn't do stats specific uh for these primary outcomes so um to just say that up front that really what um this will be focused on is how we can use heart rate variability to be used as a powerful proxy of breathing pattern so a lot of these interventions um including ta that was was asked in the previous presentation a lot of them have these breathing pieces to it and it's a big question what is is happening in participants behavior in terms of breathing um how how well are they adhering to these interventions what's their experience with the breathing um so to give a lens into that and then hopefully also be inspired to bring in some of these elements of the study design and data visualization into your own research so uh may you be dazzled with colorful pictures um and uh be happy healthy and live with ease and uh and and some of these pictures will have very small text in Legends um so please email and I'll be very happy to share a copy of the slides and um yeah to dive right into it so yoga as an umbrella term in terms of how I'm approaching it here is dismantling it into pieces of of the breathing and um and I see that as a structured Rhythm and for example that could be a slow continuous six breaths per minute minute although there are many other forms of paced breathing or structured breathing as part of yogic breathing and mindfulness so some quality of mental activity with purposeful intentional awareness and um just to recognize that posture movement is a big part of many other yoga traditions and uh one motivator for this was a study um from chromak at all um who is a good friend and colleague in grad school and and conducted This brilliant study um but I would say uh the the title being yogic breathing didn't actually include this important quality of mindfulness and so that led me to you know want to really go further into this and um and see what what's going on that might make a difference between having mindfulness intentionally integrated or um or just have a structured breathing alone and also my dissertation stud study was looking at a very comprehensive yogic breathing program um that was existing and already had some research on it compared to a CBT a cbt-based uh program that didn't have as much of the mindfulness um or breathing qualities to it and to dig further into what was going on why does this matter there's a relevance for just clinical care for for patients clients directly um May somebody be more motivated to practice mindfulness alone versus breathing alone and so um and I can think of a lot of clients who um maybe were reluctant about mindfulness qualities but they would be very happy to do a structured breathing program and so um there's a lot of relevance just in clinical care and then understanding mechanisms for example we could plot this on a on a conceptual Matrix here and look at um kind of a a classic top down bottom up components as well as maybe more control-based or analytic based methods um versus acceptance-based approaches uh and so we can see some of these components again I'm focusing on these three the mindfulness Pace breathing as as the components for yogic breathing how might these fit on that Matrix so to dive into the heart rate variability component here we have a raw EKG waveform with the clear R spikes and you can just visually see some of the variability between these R spikes and we can convert that to the beats per minute uh heart rate across time and we see this segment is actually one breath as uh this individual is breathing in the heart rate is speeding up and breathing out is slowing back down and so if we zoom out a little bit to a couple minutes we can see this oscillation across time and the in the dark black is the breathing or is is the uh actual heart rate and behind it is the breathing and we can see that in Phase they align quite a bit and this is referred to as um cardiopulmonary coupling or um breathing heart rate synchrony and a number of other names and um and of course the absolute heart rate may be changed ing a little bit but their relationship and time seems to be constant so breathing seems to be reflected in the heart rate variability one way to quantify that is with spectral analysis so we can see a complex waveform in time here and then spectral analysis can break that into its constituent Parts into pure sine waves to capture what are the prominent pieces and so in this example we can see in this wave form if we were to really break it down mathematically we see there's a faster frequency part a slower frequency part and something that's relatively in the middle and then we can plot that across a power Spectrum so frequency and by the amplitude and to convert that to an actual recording from the pilot study that I'll present so this is a preview to many more of these visuals we can see in the top panel a Time series of heart rate and then if we zoom in in we can see that here is some more consistent breathing this is just a resting breathing recording and we can see that that maps on to a peak in the power Spectrum if we so this is the average power Spectrum akin to this example here this is for the whole recording but then we can also look across time and we see that again as we see in the Raw signal here this maps on to particularly a consist a more consistent breathing pattern during this period of time so um heart rate clearly varies over time primarily related to breathing and we can really capture this dynamically with these types of visuals so this is the framework for the rest of what I'm going to to present and we can see that the uh this is an example again from that paper from konaka at all that shows uh where they ask participants to breathe with in the 4 to 9 breaths per minute range and the breathing rate corresponded to the peaks in the harway variability Spectrum we can see that more broadly this is at different breathing rates from 4 to about 20 and we can see that the Peaks really map on again consistently to the breathing rate and then to anticipate a question about diving into six breaths per minute what about about holding the breath or other forms that still follow that six breaths per minute pattern generally the Peaks so the frequency rhythm of breathing rate seems to be very similar across these different forms of six breaths per minute and uh we're going to focus you you'll notice that there's a couple of these Peaks here this is the primary Peak the largest one that we're really using as the proxy of breathing rates and these are some harmonic Peaks and we can just ignore those for the talk and just to note I would be very happy to uh expand on this in in questions um but kind of a h HRV research Public Service Announcement um there are many different ways to capture heart rate variability um that's a large debate and there have been really great um presentations by um oser staff faculty and and and many other colleu colleagues so um the breathing rate if it is basically in a certain range then it can be clear of some of these methodological issues this creates a conundrum for yogic breathing research um and in short all of the data that I'll be present are presumably related to Vagas nerve stimulation so if we're thinking about that mechanism question um that they are really Vagas and parasympathetic so for the pilot study um we wanted to ask could we uh similar again to being conducted during the pandemic could we use wearable technology also a Virtual Lab visit format and a and a dismantling type design to successfully carry this type of research out and again um many collaborators on this study and Dr juany and Dr yanma were uh really vital to carrying this through um as as copi and and also lead author on the publication it's open access so you can access it there um so we had 18 participants and um broken into these small groups generally healthy adults with minimal prior yoga meditation experience and randomized to um one of these uh three interventions and just some of the details there in a fully remote format again we did Virtual Lab visits that a lot of components on it but I'm going to focus on the practice and um and some of those other other pieces and um we really had uh great success with retention um so to just give some of those numbers there and again you can go to the publication for details so overall it was um found to be quite feasible to collect the data so in terms of sleep logs a standard Benchmark is getting about 70% data collection and and we well surpass that for practice often this is a challenge in these types of interventions to have daily recommended practice and and we were really going for a benchmark of at least half of the days and um again while surpass that with about 75% of the days um successfully recorded both for heart rate and um and practice logs and so these are just some example visuals of how we behind the scenes really um looked at it in detail and captured it um with the Polar heart rate monitors and a thirdparty app and then uh brought it into mat lab and set up an automated method to uh to analyze over 500 recordings in about 10 minutes so just an example um without a super computer just a regular computer and um some systematic work so again here are kind of examples to compare these Spectra and we can see just qualitative um you know visual we can see some clear differences already in these breathing patterns and now I'd like to go into it a little bit further these were from the Virtual Lab visits going across a few different recordings so from uh a Baseline and then a baseline again right before the practice and we can see really clear differences in these recording profiles um and then this was a stress test and a recovery phase um and some other data here so again just an example of how we can uh really appreciate the richness of the data that we're collecting here um and the uh daily practice were also captured in such a detailed format um and actually sent to participants and we found that giving participants their data which is of course um has a lot of trade-offs to it but in a way that is appropriate with the Integrity of the the study design really boost motivation and then we went really specifically into what were they doing during these daily practices and we saw these clear patterns again that really seemed to differentiate participants who consistently adhered to the practice and had self-reported motivation engagement ratings on a z to 100 scale of just how motivated or engaged were you in this in this recording um as well as you know to what extent we distracted and and that really seemed to map on their subjective ratings with the behavioral recordings and um and was a consistent pattern so for all sessions we we see kind of a consistent Trend in terms of of what it looked like for each of these participants and and this really may be the most you know powerful visual I think looking at here um to really differentiate participants as well as differences within a participant if it's a day where they're particularly motivated and a day when they're less motivated or more distracted and just juggling other things we can see here's one where somebody um was was um following the slower breathing early on and then kind of faded out into resting breathing and vice versa so then can we separate mindfulness and breathing this is the question that's very exciting to to try to answer um and it seems that uh the breathing practices did map on to the structured breathing mindfulness did seem to be Associated visually um with some increases in uh mindfulness self-reported scales so um the mindfulness and the combined group and um overall uh there did seem to be some functional benefits uh from from the [Music] interventions so um there's also a lot more data that are collected and um also um some exit interviews as well that we conducted would be very happy to collaborate if if other folks are interested in digging into these data um and I would also hope that they're again useful happy to share some of the methods and and other details um about how we did that so um really grateful for the whole team and um and for you all for for listening thank you so much Dr Goldstein it's it so I you know I have I have some questions actually but I I think I might hold on to that um I'm just going to take a look at the Q&A here um okay um I guess I I'll ask a very very quick question and then we'll have to move on to Dr batchelder but but um I guess I was I was wondering in terms of you know like how can we you spoke a little bit to this but how can we really use all this detailed data like all this the characterization um you know that you um you know for each of the breathing types um how can how can we really use that to I don't know better tailor or um or uh somehow make more specific you know these interventions um you know for for the patients yeah maybe if we brought in our machine learning colleagues um and doing other kind of um Big Data learning and an AI based algorithms artificial intelligence to see what the um have a more complex characterization of what these patterns are and maybe even get at skill that's being developed over time so does uh a practice session look more like this or more like this um more like this or more you know versus this and have some automated feedback and maybe even encouragement during a practice session and and and even give nudges of hey continue with the breathing and um it was a really great first five minutes that you had maybe let's so to give some automated feedback live that would I think really um improve intervention and quality yeah fantastic all right thank you so much Dr Goldstein um let's just move on um so we make sure we give everybody their time so I'd like to introduce Dr um Abigail velder uh Dr velder is an assistant professor in the department of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School she's a staff psychologist and assistant director of the Behavioral Medicine program where she leads the substance use and stigma research program in the department of psychiatry at MGH she's an Affiliated investigator at the Fenway Institute uh and she's also the director of the Harvard University Center for AIDS research Uh Sears a substance use scientific worker group as well as interim director of the sears's community engaged research program her research focuses on collaborating with communities impacted by substance use HIV and minority stress uh to develop um and Implement interventions to overcome psychological Behavioral un structural barriers to uh psychobehavioral treatment among minoritized people thank you so much um Abby for joining us uh take it away thank you thank you Gloria thank you all for having me um and I just want to apologize in advance um I might be coughing a little bit I I actually have coid right now but I'm I'm happy to be here um and share a little bit about about this work can you see my slides yes okay so slides just yet oh you don't oh okay hold on let me just share one more time there you go yes good okay great um so I'm actually gonna be presenting on something that's very different than what I usually do um you might not um based on the introduction that that Gloria gave me and my various positions I am an interventionist and I primarily focus on health disparities but today and in this um osher pilot trial I focused on the measurement of negative self-conscious emotions and I'm going to kind of lead you through the Journey of why I did that and um where we are with this um really initial work in this space that I do hope winds back to um improved interventions uh for the populations that I am so invested in serving so with that um I I think that this project could not have happened without the amazing team that I had the opportunity to work with um including uh Dr Paulo bado um who is um has has many many skills but um one of them is is what I've been calling a movement engineer um and he does a lot of machine learning um and really amazing work um as well as Dr Molly Ruben um who's a social psychologist and does a lot of work with um uh non-verbal uh uh presentation of emotion um doctors Judy moscowitz and Peter Wayne um have been wonderful collaborators on this um as well as Dr federo uh paresi and Julia corani um who has recently joined the team Jenny Shin this project would not have happened without um as well as Grace and cirer so thank you all for your work on this and we continue the work on this project and and you'll get a sense of that as as we go so negative self-conscious emotions are Em are social emotions they're emotions like shame um embarrassment um um pride is a positive self-conscious emotion guilt is another negative self-conscious emotion and they're known to be particularly behaviorally influential shame in particular is an emotion that is known to elicit and avoid response so you know I think we can all relate to the idea that when we feel ashamed we feel bad about some part of ourselves or something um some aspect of of ourselves we might want to you know run home and pull the covers over our head and and not engage uh with whatever it is that's making us feel that way and that can be particularly true if the shame is related to some aspect of oneself that may be stigmatized so I work a lot with people living with HIV with active substance use disorders many of whom are unhoused um so so shame is an emotion that I see quite a bit clinically and and I've worked um oh you know on a k23 and and R1 now and in R34 to try to come up with interventions to address the negative ramifications of of Shame and and one thing that has become really clear to me and and poses a big challenge is that these emotions are thought to be systematically underreported and there's some cultural variability but in the United States and and the cultural context in which I work they they do seem to be under reported which makes them particularly difficult to identify and and intervene on um so classically the way we ask how much shame someone's experiences is we ask them in a self-reported fashion how much shame are you experiencing or how frequently do you experience this um but this requires um folks to be aware of their emotions um which many are not not um willing to disclose their emotions and able to accurately distinguish between the two so for example guilt is known to elicit a reparative response which can be associated with healthier outcomes or or you know um outcomes that might be associated with Better Health um where shame is more associated with an avoidance response or sometimes a desire to change the self or engage in some kind of transformative action um an aspect of science indicates that emotions are really not one thing they might not be just what we report experiencing or or feeling but rather are a constellation as Lisa felin Barrett has written um and others um of a cumulative multimodal experience so over the past I don't know seven years maybe evidence has been emerging kind of akin to the facial coding work that was done by Paulman and others historically um that postures or certain body movements may be associated with negative self-conscious emotions for example shame um has been associated with looking down hunch hunching your shoulders forward and caving your chest in so what we might consider three postural movements um negative self-conscious um self-report various um measures outside of self-report have been investigated to s extent um including the postural movements but also things like um autonomic stress response um and some others with with I would say mixed results so um uh single modality evidence is has not been great um in terms of predicting U negative self-conscious emotions and um we we may need different strategies further there are some more exploratory modalities that that may in fact be useful um looking at some of the depression literature and then some of other literature um we might conceptualize that speech quality even narrative content word selection um may be associated with these things so again all science point to a need for multimodal measurement of uh negative self-conscious emotions um if if we're going to to better understand what folks are going through in order to think about intervening um in in an effective way so what I really wanted to do um is evaluate the co-variance of multiple measurements um multiple measurement modalities of emotion in response to narrative emotion induction tasks so so really do a social psychology type experiment and I had the the benefit of working with Dr Peter Wayne who introduced me to Dr Palo vonado um to think about using machine learning um to to do this in a compelling way and then ideally wanted to compare responses to three narrative emotions um induction tasks across measurement modalities to identify any um unique associations with shame compared to frustration and pride and frustration and pride were selected because of the literature out there indicating certain um key characteristics um that we might think about differentiating from a response to a shame induction task um and then if the measurement modalities of Shame Cod varied could we think about um are they distinct from frustration and pride and could we think about um looking at them in relation to self-care behaviors as a theory would hypothesize or would lead to a hypothesis however this was beyond the scope of an oan pilot Grant and um and it was also outside of my wheelhouse as I mentioned I'm an interventionist primarily a health disparities researcher so what I did is i p pursued an oer pilot study to really just set the groundwork which is what we did so to one develop protocols for collecting testing and analyzing we selected six measures of emotion um within the context of three experimental emotion induction tasks which I'm going to tell you about um and then two assess the feasibility and the acceptability of this would this work um would people find it reasonable to engage in um both the instrument instrument ation um and the data collection methods and um this was going I wanted to test this in 30 people and I work mostly with people living with HIV the way I want to the reason I wanted to collect this data and to think about the the findings was to inform HIV related intervention strategies so this was 30 people living with HIV and finally explore novel analytic approaches including machine learning techniques to assess the co-variance of six measures of the six measures to assess uh emotions and to differentiate emotion um measurement between um three uh motion induction tasks so as probably all of you know now it's it's very much um in the news um and it's certainly um buzzworthy but machine learning is a branch of AI or artifici artificial intelligence based on the idea that systems can learn from data including identifying patterns as I mentioned Dr Pao bado um is expert in this and he he and his lab have been um wonderful collaborators in this project um and for this you know we only had 30 people so all of this is very exploratory the goal was really to see if we could do this in service of a larger project to to really use machine learning um in the future so we selected six measurements um or modalities if you will of measuring emotion for this pilot trial the postural movement which I'm going to tell you a little bit about in a moment um is absolutely the most indepth of what we've done and and what we're still working on in many ways the data is very rich and and has many layers um but the postural movements I would say is is the most novel um and is leveraging the existing science we looked at facial movements um us using face reader um some of you may be familiar with facial action coding or fax cating um which um I'm going to go into greater detail in a moment um but identifies the movements of the face associated with with emotions um in some literature um autonomic stress response vocal characteristics narrative content and self-reported emotion and just to go into a little bit more in detail the way we are um analyzing postural movements is using poonado um lab and his um posts at at Spalding um essentially identifying the this the way the body is moving in space um during these emotion prompts which I'm going to tell you a little bit about in a moment um and then looking at um like degrees of of movement and change um in response to to these um uh prompts facial movement as I mentioned we used face reader so it's essentially a combination um of the muscle movements in the face um that have been uh associated with uh various uh emotions in in in the literature we used um we measured um uh e ECG and uh galvanic skin response um using um uh um empatica um uh monitor um also from Paulo bado's lab and we are also looking at vocal characteristics so we recorded speech um during everyone's narratives which I'll um provide a little bit more detail about in a moment um but in addition we had the opportunity to look at loudness uh speech features essentially loudness pitch ination sharpness Etc and then narrative content so we've transcribed all of the um all of the um uh the the um the content that folks provided in response to the prompts which I'm going to tell you a little bit more about in a moment um and then finally we we asked self-reported emotion which is again the classic way of measuring emotion at this time um so we use the the PMS um select how you feel right now okay so so the actual prompts look looked like this so um and maybe I'll just scroll here for a minute so the study and design that we came up with um working collaboratively with this this team um is we asked everyone to come into a very um orchestrated room there were three cameras that we set up um one in front and two on the sides um and everyone sat with their feet in a specific position on the floor facing a computer screen and we record Ed 30 3 minutes of silence um to get a Baseline and then we had three uh emotion induction tasks um which I'll I'll share a little bit more about in a moment and then between each of those we had a wash out task um which I'm happy to share a little bit more about as well and then we ended everyone on Joy with the first three that we were actually measuring the shame frustration and pride were counter balanced for order um so so um the the order was different we ended with joy um just so no one left the office um uh talking about shame or whatnot but the narrative prompts um themselves were essentially tell us about a recent experience that made you feel a certain way and we base this on some of the effective science literature and and expert uh feedback from our team and and outside of our team and we asked everyone to tell us the story we had specific additional prompts with the beginning beginning middle and end tell us how you felt in your body and um Etc and and the pro the content lasted between I would say 3 and 10 minutes uh for each of these so the procedures were were very carefully constructed these are some images of of myself um as we were setting up the space um this was beyond anything I had ever done before in terms of data collection um and we had very detailed data acquisition protocols and um protocols for pulling all of the data combining the data and um and aggregating them um to to to look at the co-variance and and really I would say foremost to see if this could be um if this was considered feasible and acceptable um in for a larger project moving forward so in terms of the sample um everyone was 18 or older english- speaking HIV positive able to provide informed consent willing to provide their HIV related health records and prescriptions information which is consistent with our general uh protocols this is what our sample looked like um so we were able to collect data from 30 people um there were some challenges that I'll share with you in a moment in relation to feasibility particularly given that this was happening during coid and we were recruiting folks with um who were imuno compromised and there was no option to do this virtually um but but but this is who who we got um so you can see the mean age was around 60 um the majority were nonwhite um uh about the vast majority identifi were were male um and um sexual minorities uh consistent with uh the population of people living with HIV um we had quite a range in terms of Education uh the sample was was low income in general um and mostly single so in terms of feasibility and acceptability which were truly our primary outcome variables for this um very early project um to to figure out if if we could even do this um um I would say in terms of feasibility it took a lot longer to collect the data than we originally anticipated um we could not start um when we were ready to to start uh because of coid and um the and then once we did get started we had bouts of time that we could not bring anyone into the office I would say that we um were very conservative in that regard given that we were recruiting uh folks living with HIV Additionally the the the training level that was needed to handle and work with the data that we were able to collect in this uh project really um caused some additional delays in relation to folks leaving so we would have interns uh who then had to move on who had gone through quite rigorous training procedures so we had long gaps I would say in our ability to uh work with new incoming people given the the nature of the data and the complexity of of of the procedures that we needed to to utilize to really uh look at what we wanted to look at remarkably I would say we only um lost data from one person um during the data acquisition process as you can imagine we had lots of data um related procedures both um before during and after each um participant came into the office um and we did lose uh one set of of data um from a person who did come into the office acceptability was a real question for me I was not sure if um folks would feel comfortable with this it's um it you know was very much there lots of cameras on an individual telling these stories about emotions and their personal experiences um but that's not actually what we found we found that folks found it very acceptable um and they felt very comfortable um and um I would say out of the 30 well the mean is 9 UM 67 on a scale of 0 to 10 10 being very acceptable actually 29 of the of the of the people gave reported a 10 um and similarly for um comfort level so so it was not the case that uh participants found this uncomfortable um in any way which was heartening to me um as I'm I'm very interested in in pursuing additional work in this area Okay um okay so I'm I'm running out of time my apologies there um so in terms of the exploratory results there's a lot more to provide so I'm just going to give every very quick snapshot but essentially um some of the results in terms of the full covariance Matrix are pending um but the the general gist is that we didn't find um uh uniquely um solicited emotion but rather cluster of clusters of emotion so I'm just going to kind of speed through and show you so for an example in the self-reported emotion uh following the intervention the interview prompts you can see the means here um and you might recall um the range of zero to four on the palms um the way we solicited um self-reported emotion um but while so you can see shame folks did endorse higher levels of shame but it wasn't the highest um in terms of what they were endorsing in response to the shame prompt similar to frustration pride and joy and that's really what we saw across so there was some variability but we did see clustering of um consistent emotion oh okay um so and similarly that that's very much what we found in the face raer data as well um so in terms of next steps um We are continuing to kind of mine this data and work through it working with our machine learning colleagues um and and thinking about next steps as this was deemed feasible and acceptable and I'll I'll wrap up there I'm happy to answer any questions or um back Channel respond to anyone about it thank you so much Abby uh we've got um a many um well wishes actually in in the chat uh for you um and thank you again for for doing this uh presentation um while you're ill we didn't know that before this morning um so we've run out of time however I do want to get in just one question for you um and that was a question regarding whether you suspect the environment might make a difference in the participants experience in terms of your testing um in that sort of experimental environment versus a more natural environment is that for me yes um I I think yeah it it may have very well um contributed uh to to their responses I I think that that that is hard to know what we were looking for is um data on what might be useful in the context of a clinical interaction which you know may be kind of similar to an experimental uh context so um but remains to be seen additional work is absolutely needed okay wonderful um I I would love to actually ask some more of these questions back to there was a couple other questions for Dr mace um but I think um Dr M you've been uh responding to some folks you know within within the chat uh and if you want to uh allow your I think they're asking for some contact information you know through the chat and you can speak offline um my apologies uh that we won't be able to to go back to the panel for more Q&A um so I'll just you know sort of give my my out outgoing remarks again to thank all of our speakers today for um for their you know for for for showing us uh you know what what what they can achieve you know with the oosha pilot funding um very grateful um so I have four very important announcements before we get off um off the screen here the first is uh that we're actually accepting letters of interest for the ooser pilot uh grant fundings for this next cycle it just opened a couple days ago so the letters of Interest are due in Janu January uh 15th um but we're accepting them all through the fall um the second announcement is that in just a couple weeks September 18th to 19th the oer center will be hosting uh the two-day science of taii and chigong Conference here in Boston at assembly row um so don't miss this inaugural event uh it's going to showcase the state of the science of taii and chiong um timely topics related to mind U mind body movement practices and as whole person Health um excited future directions in the field and sort of how can we implement this um in contemporary Healthcare so you can go to oser science of tcq dorg uh for more information and registration um the third um announcement is that the Harvard Medical School uh research Fellowship in Integrative Medicine funded by the ncci our t32 fellowship is also um accepting applications and they're actually due uh October 6th so um just in one month so if you are interested uh you have questions you can feel free to reach out to me directly as um I direct the the fellowship and you can find info and applications at osher center.org fellowships um and then last but not least uh the final announcement is that next month's Grand rounds is at a different time than usual so uh it's usually the first Tuesday of the month but next uh month it's going to be on October 10th which is the second Tuesday of the month and it's going to be at 12:00 p.m. eastern time instead of 8:00 a.m. um and we're going to be hearing from uh Scott hman who's a doctor of chiropract uh CH a DC a doctor of chiropractor uh and um his uh his talk is entitled primary Spine Care an initiative to address the extreme Health burden of spinal care so please don't miss that and again it's at a different time October 10th at 12:00 p.m.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hannaolsson3445: Title of this video??

- ✈️ PILOT STRESS & ANXIETY — How to Manage the Pressure in Flight Training and Beyond: Kind: captions Language: en You are listening to the Airline Selection Podcast, where we bring you insights to help you succeed at airline selections. This podcast is brought to you by Airline Selection Programme. Please welcome your host, airline captain and major airline recruiter Guillaume Debauchez. Hello and welcome to Season 2 of the Airline Selection Podcast, where we bring you insights and specialist tips to help you succeed at your upcoming airline interviews. This, uh, the knowledge and, uh, skills and attitudes that you will learn here will further help you on top of what we also have on our websites and on our courses. Alright, so today I am happy to, uh, get you to meet our psychologist Dana. Dana, how are you doing today? Hi, Guillaume. Thank you so much. I'm, I'm doing fine. Maybe I can do a little bit of introduction if that's all right with you, because the others- well, maybe the audience hasn't, met me before. So, hello everyone. I'm Dana. I'm the, I'm the psychologist of the company and well, you're going to meet me here in the podcast and also maybe at the 16 PF debriefing. And, uh, basically in my work in here, in this company is going to be focused on pilot mental health and wellbeing, so that everyone, in this high performance, uh, environment can get the, the psychological care that you need. And, uh, Dena, what's your, what's your background? I think you've got quite an aviation background. Mm-hmm. Yeah, exactly. So, uh, also in my, in my work history, you can find, uh, aviation related topics. But I think, uh, something that started me on this journey was, uh, my family, because my dad worked as a pilot and my mom worked as a flight attendant and even. Well, even my, my grandfather was a pilot too, so this, uh, really pushed me into a certain direction and I'm very happy that it did. Yeah. So you understand the constraints that this job, this career puts on our private lives, for instance, because you were the receiver of that, right? Yes, definitely. Even though as a child, but, uh, but yes, I can now see it, uh, even more clearly, especially with the psychological training that I received. Yes. So we can talk a little bit more about that today. I'm sorry. Exactly, it's something we'll definitely develop because it's, it's important for you to know everything there is to know about the airline pilot role as you ease into this career. And, uh, so the way we're going to run this second season is, um, we will have several episodes obviously, and they will go by, by theme. Uh, the first three are going to be about navigating stress in the pilot role. So because it's quite a lengthy subject, we will divide it into three parts, and the very first one today is going to be about the transition into flight training. Then after that we'll talk, uh, in the second episode a bit more in depth about what happens at flight training and then the stress in the pilot role that you get as a pilot, uh, in an airline. All three episodes will help you, even if you are just an ab-initio to understand the different stages that you may go through and how stress will impact us as pilots. And, and believe me, uh, stress does impact us as pilots. We, we need to learn how to manage it and Dana's here to bring us some clinical, uh, insights and insights from her experience on, well, what happens to a pilot, when, uh, such situations happen. And of course, give us some hints and solutions on how to manage it best. Remember, it's important for, we want you to be, uh, a pilot with a good career, but also a happy pilot. So it's also about being able to navigate, um, difficult times, right? So how, uh, how are we going to go about this, Dana, today? Well, first I just wanted to say that, uh, definitely our, our role here is not to deter you from this line of work, but just so that you know what to expect. So that you can prepare yourself for that. And we will also try to give you some tips and tricks on how to navigate this. But first, I think what I would like to ask you, Guillaume, is um, can you maybe tell me about a time when you have transitioned into flight training from the civilian life and you thought to yourself that, okay, this is actually way harder than I expected. So, um, I, um, I'm someone who needs to work hard to get results. When I do, I, I get results. You know, some people are quick learners and I was always amazed to see people who can learn things and execute them immediately. Uh, I'm not like that. So, the very first experience I had of that was during the ATPL. I mean, I did very good academic studies. I then had a very, a first career, which ended when I was 27 because I decided to become a pilot. So I went back to school and I went back to do a, a full ATPL. I did a modular ATPL, but I spent a, a whole year in person at an ATPL school in, uh, in France, and. I, I found that, um, quite hard because, um, I, um, a, a lot of the topics were unknown to me, so I had to, I had to relearn how to be at school again. And, um, I wanted to be the best that I could be. And while I ended up being, you know, one of the top three sort of in my class, it took a lot of work. The other ones were really smart and really quick, and so, it was not a competition, but I wanted to perform. So I found, geez, you know, this is, this is hard. And, uh, before you start to master all the concepts, it takes a bit of time. And when you're at the ATPL theory, it's like, am I really gonna use this? And then half the teachers tell you, well, actually you're never gonna use this. So it's kind of, kind of, uh, kind of tough. Um, then afterwards it was about choosing the right flight school and, um. I ended up, because I was already a little bit advanced in life, to choose a flight school that was close to where I lived because I was, you know, I wasn't alone in my life. Um, and I knew that this flight school wasn't necessarily the best, but I sort of thought, well, it doesn't really matter because I'll get the license anyway. And somehow, um, there was always this lingering thought that, am I being trained properly? You know, and that's something I know now is that, getting your pilot's license is a little bit like getting your high school degree or your baccalauréat, as we call it in, in France. You know, 90% of people get it. But there's a very, there are very varying degrees between all those who get it, and I kind of put myself in a position and it was subconscious where I perhaps wasn't in the best place. So was I going to make it? And I realized it by the way they were organized, um, that the planes were not the best quality, that the, the instructors perhaps weren't all that motivated. And, um. There was stress there. Am I, am I doing this in the right place? Am I going to be in the right place? And then this developed into me later on of, of some sort of an imposter syndrome when I started to do my, my, uh, when I did my first, um, when I prepared for my first elections. Uh, and I carried this, um, for quite a while until I became an instructor, and then I became better. I did some gap training, which as you know, we, we specialize in gap training and I, there was one person doing gap training, uh, around Paris in those days. He changed my life, this guy, uh, because I learned to fly the airplane in a professional manner, even though I hadn't been in an airline. And after he trained me, I thought like, now I really, really know what I'm doing and what I'm supposed to do. And the imposter syndrome sort of left and I ended up approaching my first real selection without really feeling it. But you see, it's like, uh, and that's just my story. You know, others have other stories. My, my batch mate, he was 42, so he had, he had other issues. He was very slow on the plane, for instance, and he ended up getting a job as well. But, uh, it's stressful, no doubt. Yeah, that I can definitely imagine, especially because you're transitioning from a life that, uh, you're confident in your abilities. And then it, it's basically an identity crisis. You, you go into flight school and then you have to, uh, decide who you want to be. Uh, you had an established identity, but now you have to, now you have to create a new one because there are new expectations, and you have to, you have a very different job. You have, uh, new people around you. So everything is a bit, uh, yeah. It's, uh, this uncertainty. I, I can feel. A a and as well, you know, during that time you, you are sort of weak because you are a student and you don't yet have a job. You, you are not financially strong. And you are in a position, uh, you're never really in control. So I remember after I became an instructor in the very early days, you are, uh, under supervision, I think for the first 50 hours. And, you know, before I launched into this career, I had quite a good first career. And I was traveling, you know, in, in very good conditions left and right in the world already when I was 25, um, because I worked for a large telecommunications company and I was, I was, you know, uh, sort of. Yeah, I was, I felt respected by my employer, let's put it this way. And, um, all of a sudden now I work at an aero club where I'm supposed to pull aircraft from hangers and fuel them, and I get told off if I make a mistake and I, I get, I get treated not so well. You know, like, like I'm someone who knows nothing. And it was, it was quite tough that as well, um, until it, it felt like. Until I make it into a decent airline, I'm, I'm, I'm not going to be looked at like, I'm someone who ever matters. I'm, who am I now? You know, like, when am I gonna be myself? Yes, that is definitely, Hmm. Sorry. That's, that's it. That's it. Yeah, it's definitely something that you, you can feel that you have to reinvent yourself. Um, also it requires a higher level of level of independence because, well, there are not going to be the teachers who will tell you exactly what to do. Of course, you can rely on your instructors and, and peers, but still you have to manage your own. Um, uh, academic, uh, way, and also manage your own time. Finances. So yeah, it's, it's a lot to handle. I, maybe, if that's all right with you, I could, uh, tell you a little bit more about, for example, what are the, the common signs when someone experiences anxiety because of all of these- Oh, thanks. Yeah, I was looking forward to that. Okay, perfect. Yeah, so I would say that there are of course a whole range of symptoms, but I could maybe highlight three of these. So for example, there is the cognitive aspect that we have to talk about, um, this is when all the stress and anxiety it leads to, let's say, um, you have maybe difficulty concentrating. You can make basic mistakes that you would not do otherwise, or you can get forgetful. Maybe you're overthinking everything. But of course there is also a, a physical aspect of it, which, well, I think I'm also experiencing now, this is my first ever recording. Uh, you can have sweaty palms, racing heart, uh, let's say muscle tension. That's something that I think, uh, especially in, in our, in my generation, we talk about a lot, how you have to unclench your jaw. I did not really realize that before someone told this to me. Um, but definitely that, uh, trouble sleeping. That's also something that a lot of people experience and of course there is an emotional side of it where you can, um, feel that you're doubting yourself a lot or you, you can be, uh, your mood can be quite changeable. You can get, uh, irritated quite easily. And, uh, yeah, I think that it all comes with, um, it's necessary to have self-awareness and you can realize what is happening to you and that, um, you have to do something with this situation and ask for help if that is something that, uh, that you need. Can, can you better define for us what is anxiety? You, you gave us the symptoms, but what is it? I think I know what it is, but Maybe you can give me your version or the, the specialist version? Well, how I could connect it to our topic would be when you feel overwhelmed by, uh, by circumstances when you don't feel that you're in control. For example, one thing that I, uh, wanted to mention today is that there's this, uh, certain, uh, theory in psychology, which talks about the optimal stress. And I think that's also something that, that pilots talk about a lot, how stress is necessary for our life, and it's, it's always there, uh, to certain degrees, but we need to have an optimal stress level to improve ourselves because that can actually help us. So that is why anxiety can, can help us to develop ourselves or, or push our limits. But if that stress level, uh, becomes too much, then, then that just impairs, um, any kind of function that we have. But am I, am I mistaken? My understanding is that stress and anxiety are two different things in my, my understanding was that anxiety was fear of the future, fear of the unknown. It's a, anxiety is a form of fear. Like you, you feel that you are losing control or that you feel that you are, uh, you have all the symptoms that you described because you don't know what's going to happen tomorrow because you don't know whether you're going to make it. And it's this fear of the future that we, that is technically called anxiety. Am I, am I wrong here? Uh, no, I think that's also definitely part of it. I think that the one thing that I could highlight here is that you can, stress is, uh, is all around us. We are handling it every single day. But when you have anxiety, it's when you don't know if you can handle it. That's definitely something that, uh, that can be, uh, future focused. You can even get anxious, let's say, when you're taking a test, even though you have taken that before, or I'm not sure, uh, going to the dentist. Everyone has experienced that before, but, uh, again, you just don't know if you can handle it again. Okay. If that makes sense. So, yeah, 'cause my, my definition was really around fear. And then stress is something that happens that, that could be unrelated in the sense that you could have stress, uh, you need stress just to get up in, from, from bed in the morning, right? And, and you need stress to perform your tasks. And if you have a right, like you said, the optimal stress. And that's, I think, what we learned in, uh, during the human factors part of the ATPL is that when you have an optimal level of stress, this is where you can focus the best. So you're attentive. It, it is linked to your attention, but if you have, if you have too little, you tend to not pay attention. So you could miss stuff. And if you have too much, then you, you, your bucket is full and you, you, everything spills over and you are, you're not able to focus on anything. Um, but it's not because you've got too much to do that you could become anxious. Um, may, can you, can you clear that one up for us? Um. Or maybe it is? Um, I might, I might have, uh, It's if you have an optimal stress level, are, are you sort of anxious? Are, are you or is it just normal first of all? First of all uh, stress is, norm is normal. Stress is a normal response to life happening. Right? Definitely. And anxiety is also a normal response, uh, some people have it more than others. And have too much of it, then it can impair you from, from functioning normally. That's, that's, And also, I think another important part of it is that it's, uh, it's there for a prolonged time. So, 'cause uh, if we are just stressed, then we can deal with that and, and that's the end of the story. But if we have anxiety, um, that can go on for a longer period of time, and that is when things get a bit more complicated. Yeah, that's what I was getting at because I, I feel that that's, there could be a short term anxiety on an exam. But there could be also a long-lasting anxiety. And I think that's, that's more the one that the pilots are experiencing when they get through, uh, flight training. They get constant anxiety for a long period of time until they finally succeed in an airline that, that they like enough to want to stay there. Um, so. Um, right. Well now that we've set the, the sort of the scene around, uh, navigating stress and anxiety and that the two are linked together that you do need, um, it to function, um, that getting too much, uh, could impair you to function, that they are also, also both normal responses, but they need to be dealt with. So, um, what's the next thing that we were going to talk about today? So, um, exactly the thing that I wanted to ask you about is there are certain moments when your anxiety just really concentrates on, on one part, and maybe it can be, let's say, a stressful period for, short time. For example, when you're being evaluated, that is also something where you know that it's going to happen. So you might be dreading it for quite some time, but then right before the evaluation or when you're right there, can you maybe tell me, have you ever felt something like that when you have been evaluated? This is not, uh, this, this is, uh, this could be valid for all three episodes, but the closest remembrance I have of this is actually, um, when I, well, as an already established pilot, in fact, I mean. When you, when you go through flight school, you don't have that many exams. In fact, you have an exam towards the end of your CPL and you have an exam to the end of your, uh, IRME. And then the one on at the MCC is, is everybody passes that, um, but when you become a, a pilot in an airline there, you have exams every six months in the form of sim checks that last for two days each time. And, uh, depending on the airline where you're at, which can be fairly, um, constructive when it comes to training or more severe when it comes to training, which training becomes checking. When there is something at stake, such as you keeping your job at the end of a, uh, sim check, you become anxious. And it's, this is very much comes from, you know, it's very much a culture, uh, thing. I know for instance, at, at Air France, from speaking with my friends or at BA for, for having been there for seven years, there is not so much of that. Uh, the training is very, um. Very, um, constructive. You're here to learn. Of course, you're expected to have worked before, but you, you kind of know that you're gonna get out of this sim check with your job still intact. Going to the Middle East is very different. Um, and this would start induce anxiety when, for instance, you see others fail. People you, well, you dunno how good they are, but you assume that they've passed this election, so they're just as good as you. Mm-hmm uh, when one day, invariably you have a bad day, you know, and then after that you think about it, you pass, but you think about it for next time and you go like, oh, you know, am I losing my mojo? So to say, you know, am I, am I, am I losing my, my, my special thing. Um, so, you know, as pilots we're always being put, uh, under the grill all the time, regularly, and this is a long term anxiety. Um, now of course when you finish your sim check, you go back on the line and then you feel quite good for quite a few months. But very quickly, this, the, the next, you know, five months lapse and then you're back again working in your books to study for the sim check. So this, you, have to sort of live with that. And no I, Our profession is more regulated than ours in that even, surgeons, you know, who play with pilot's lives, um, and, and others don't have as much scrutiny as we do. I can imagine that in this kind of, um, scenario, it's hard to even admit if you're struggling, uh, because you said that, uh, for example, your peers maybe, maybe you think that they are even better than you and they're failing. So I can imagine that there is this imposter syndrome that you have talked about, before that you're here in this very new kind of setting. You don't know how good the other people are. You don't know exactly, um, what is the level that they're expecting of you. If you can pass that, and maybe you can also think that you're just one mistake away from being detected that you should not be there. What do you think? Could we change this kind of nat, uh, sorry. For me, I think the imposter syndrome was true until I succeeded at a major airline. After that, still for a little while, I went like, or, you know. You know, did, did I? Did I just- did I really deserve this? But come a point, you know, you worked so hard, you clearly worked in the right direction. And come a point, I sort of felt validated. Now, basically British Airways always told me, yes, you belong here. You know what you've done was good enough by our standards. And so my imposter syndrome stopped there. Come a point after being an experienced co-pilot, you don't have an, I didn't have an imposter syndrome wondering whether I could be a captain. Uh, I, I, I, I was anxious whether I was gonna, you know, I was, whether I was gonna pass the course 'cause it was a very hard course at Emirates, but there was no imposter syndrome, no. For me, it stopped really at, at the time, uh, at the time of this big interview, because the main worry I had about being an imposter was whether my training was sufficient, whether, whether I had not skimmed on something that I shouldn't have skimmed on. So, like I said, this got kind of. Dealt with during the gap training that I did. Um, and, but still, you know, until you are actually validated, it's, you kind of wonder whether they're gonna see through you and the stuff that you are not, you don't want to mention whether they're gonna actually see it. Uh, So, yeah. And do you think that maybe this, uh, we could change this kind of culture so that people feel more, how to say that they can open up about what is happening to them? Well, so, so here now we're talking more about getting people to, um, to say when they're struggling. Um, I mean, also during flight training had better and worse flights. Um, I. Honestly, I, during flight school, although my flight school, like I said, I, I wasn't very confident with them. I think I, I was kind of on schedule. I, I didn't really experience that. Uh, but I know for now working often and going at ATOs, I see students all the time. Probably students just like those who are watching at the moment. And some of them speak to me during the break and I, I can see that they are, uh, they are struggling. They're struggling because they had a bad flight or a bad couple of flights in a row, and maybe an instructor who was harsh on them. And you know, they, um, and they don't know how to deal with it. And they, they feel that, um, they, they feel this imposter syndrome. They also feel a big, big, uh, crisis of confidence. Um, and for all of them, in fact, who've spoken to me like this. And just because, just because I was an experienced pilot who was there for them and I, all we did was just sit down and talk and it kind of- It was enough to get them to through and get remotivated. And, and then all of them are now set in, uh, fly deck. I remember one. In particular who she, she was, she was, she was a very pleasant person. And, but she'd been badly affected by the attitude of a, of an instructor who had been very ha- very old fashioned and harsh. And she told me she was gonna give up. And right now she's flying, I believe for SAS. So, you know, it's often just takes, admitting it, speaking about it, it doesn't take that much, um, to get out of a, of a hole, you know. Well, as, as you mentioned, having someone who has more experience and they, them telling you the stories about how they have struggled, but they have overcome it. I think that also counts a lot, is just to have this open dialogue, with people who can, you can think about them as mentors, for example, but even, of course, with your peers. Yes, and I, you know, I was speaking with, uh, you know, we, this series is derived from some articles that are on our website that, uh, were co-written between you and Rebecca, who, she's, uh, she's the lead creator of our Operational Procedures Course, of course, that I recommend that you take a look at. Um, and she, she was saying, you know, it's, uh, it, it's fine to, to take some time, uh, and to not always compare yourself to others. For instance, uh, when I was telling her, well, um, you know, um, uh, when it could, it's if, if you take more than 10 hours to go solo, maybe, maybe people could sort of question whether they're good enough. And she was like, well, there are some people who, uh, who take 15 hours, 20 hours to go solo. It just, they needed to get through a blockage and now they're flying at an airline. So, and uh, and then I went like, actually that's true. I went solo quite quickly. Um, but then it took me, I think 62 hours to complete my PPL because I, I was changing, um, aero clubs all the time and I wasn't applied and somehow, uh, I, I, I wasn't very good as a private pilot. I mean, most people are, you know, it really takes you going through the CPL to really get some skill and, and be in control of what you're doing. Um, but I, I would say I was an under average PPL. So it's not because you have a slow start in something and it could happen to you at the beginning of the CPL. You could be below the curve of what normal progression is just so long. All you can do is do what is in front of you. Work constantly. Work, work, work, work, work through struggles, work through success. Continue to put in the work regularly. You cannot control what life has in store for you. You can control what's in front of you. And, uh, and, and be in the present and do your best in the present. That's the only thing you can control. I definitely agree with that. Also, just, uh, what this made me, uh, what you reminded me of something that, uh, it's so important to remember of what you did right before, so that because you got here, from, let's say if you think back where you were a couple of years ago, you overcame all of those hurdles and you can overcome the next one too. There is this little tip that I would like to give. It's a personal favorite of mine. I. Personally, keep a positive folder in my computer every time I do something, right? Every time I get a good feedback or an achievement, I save it. So any time that I struggle with something and I don't think that I can do it, I just look at that because that is proof how far I've come. And I think that you could try that too. Yes, you could try that. You can try, uh, also gratitude lists. Anything that is, you know, that's positive. Because at the end of the day, if you've put the right level of energy into your work and into the universe, if you're the best person that you can be in your personal life, come a point. You know, things are gonna turn around. And if you're going through a bad patch. Uh, come a point, the universe is gonna look after you. And I'm a big believer of that. You know, uh, I, I've been through ups and downs in, in life. My career has been, it's been good. Although at the end it ended. Uh, but it's also because I wanted to get back to France and I have family issues to deal with. But you know, there are just, there's just so much you can control, but what you really can control is the present moment. And if you, right now, you're struggling as you're watching this video, just, just focus on your next flight, do your best for your next flight. And if even that doesn't work perfectly, that's fine. Continue and work for the next. You know, um, and that's one day you, you'll get this, this click, just like I did, uh, after my PPL at some point, during my CPL training, I, I did a really good CPL actually because I had a really good instructor. It only took a really good instructor. The reason I was not so good in my PPL is that change instructors a lot, and it was in an aero club, so it was associative and not professional. But the day I got, I got an excellent instructor in CPL and he changed my life, he's changed everything for me. Sometimes it just takes one encounter, one person to get something to click in your mind. Until you meet that person, you'll never know what your future can be. So for this, you need to turn up in your life one day at a time and, Exactly, and until then, consider every, well, even if you would call them failures, consider all of those as an opportunity. I would say, because those, those things, even if you can't do 100% of what you wanted to give, that just brings you closer to your goal. That's a- important part to remember. Good. Well, there were quite a lot of things I'm looking on, on our notes here that we wanted to talk about, where one of them is financial stress, um, which, which piles up on every pilot. Um, it's something that we, uh, it's a very hot topic for us because we, we know that it's the case. You know, you, you, you, you get through flight training and then you arrive at the end and invariably the amount of money you thought you would spend has, has increased by 10 to 20% just because. Well, you didn't realize that housing was so expensive. You, you, you maybe didn't factor on factor any, your living and travel costs accurately. Maybe you had to do a few extra flights for this or that reason. Maybe you had to stay on site for, for one more month because the weather was bad where you were, um, and or maybe you didn't budget for your gap training, which is again, that's what we do. It makes a huge difference in how you are going to be able to transform this investment into something that works for you. And a lot of people are surprised they have to do a type rating, but we recommend that you do this because this will set you apart and get you to a job quicker. All of this can, this financial strain is, um, is there when you sign the loan, most people have to go through a loan if you, if you do well, um, you sign the papers, but when the date of this first repayment starts to come, then the stress really piles on. And then your environment and your family is the people who, you know, co-sign this loan or the, you know, the, maybe maybe your spouse or whoever will start to go like, "Hey, we need to make money now. Money needs to come in." And if you, if by that time you've not managed to land a job in an airline. Then likely you're going to be pushed by your, your family to get a job somewhere else, which I recommend. If you have to do that, you still keep it into in aviation somewhere at an airport one way or another. But this can be very stressful, which is why we really meditate heavily for you succeeding. Getting that first job fast, and this is why you don't want to waste opportunities. It's really the mission that we have is to, to, uh, reduce the anxiety that we've been talking about by getting you through that, that first door and succeeding at your interviews, uh, first thing, so you don't either have yet another bigger problem, which is, geez, now I failed one. Am I, I now having a bigger imposter syndrome on the next one. You know, I didn't get validated. Now, maybe I wasn't meant to do this after all. Maybe what my family's telling me that I should go and work in another area. Maybe they're right. All of this is, is a terrible state of mind to be in. And if it doesn't, usually it doesn't happen after the first failure. I find that people fail once then, on the second one, their family still behind them and they're still, but if they fell twice. Now, you know, time has passed and now, people around them must try, try and give them the good advice of, "Hey, you know, this, it's okay. Maybe, you know, maybe you should think of doing something else." Which, which is terrible. I mean, I know for me it happened to, uh, it happened to me after I failed Air France. And I remember my father-in-law, who I didn't like very much, he told me, "yeah, you know, you should maybe go back to your old career." And I went like, I'm gonna show you, you know, my, my, my ego went- "help me" because it re-motivated me. But I know that if I had failed again, come a point, it would've weighed on me. You know? Um, and I, I, and I hear, I meet very courageous pilots who come after to come, come and meet us after two or three failures and they still fighting, and then they get through, uh, our gap training, and then most of them end up succeeding on the first attempt after they come with us, sometimes at the second attempt. But it, it takes a- how much pain, how much pain, and how much unnecessary pain. Uh, 'cause being anxious is painful, you know? So, Hmm. sorry, I've spoken for a long time now. I thought, uh, discussing about financial strain, uh, strain was quite important in this episode. Yes, definitely, definitely. It also has, has a, lot of, uh, it has just an, an additional strain on yourself, but honestly, everything that you highlighted, I could not agree more. Should we wrap it up, uh, Dana and we'll, we'll highlight some further points in the next episode? Yeah, that sounds very nice. It was lovely to speak with you and, uh, well, everybody who is here, it was nice to have you as an audience. We'll, uh, see you in the next episode. See you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MuhammedSaidAbbas [1 likes]: The anxiety and stress on an self sponsored type rating for an individual coupled with bad instructors or ATO more interested in making money than teaching effectively could weigh heavily on the candidate as to lead to failure as the fear of failing and losing the large sum of money can constantly haunt the student. A student sponsored by a comoany has less to worry.
  2. @PilotYaj [1 likes]: Thank you very much Guillaume and Dana for this episode. It’s incredibly comforting knowing that you understand exactly what pilots go through for selections and getting their first job from the discussed factors from the onset of training programs. It helps to put human emotions and psychology into perspective of this stringent profession. Really looking forward for the next one!
  3. @GB7-l1h: It is so stressful. All these tests, Sims, checks.. when you start to fail also it is hard to stop it, it is like a spiral .
I wouldn’t care if i didn’t have a loan or savings.
I would probably fly way better as well.
  4. @patrickheneghan2794: Great wisdom on here..presented in a very human and attractive way..Thanking you both.

- How Mental Health Taboo & Mushrooms Pushed This Pilot To Crash A Plane: Kind: captions Language: en When patients become depressed, they often after some period of time come to their doctor, including myself. But why might some professionals who society holds in really high regard who we think can handle their own psychological well-being not go to doctors? I'm talking about professionals that have special names, fancy names like officer, captain, doctor, judge, etc., etc. How come some of society's highest regarded individuals don't speak up when they are struggling? And what are the consequences? Like a 44 year old pilot who, after suffering silently for years with depression, decides to illegally self-medicate with friends, ends up hallucinating while in an airplane cockpit and nearly kills over 80 people as they try to cut the engines to the flight in midair. Well, we're going to talk about the taboo behind mental health, especially in professionals, and why some of it is actually very important to recognize because of the effects on the body that can jeopardize these people's profession and the people they care for. We're going to talk about specifically the mushrooms that Joseph Emerson, that Alaskan Airlines pilot, had taken a couple days before his nervous breakdown. And then number three, we'll end with my experience treating patients with high functioning depression, anxiety, or otherwise professionals struggling with their mental health and what I've experienced using ketamine, not mushrooms, those are legal, but using ketamine legally and how that's different than other cases of depression and anxiety. And I'm Dr. Dr. Anthony Cave and I'm live and unscripted for you today and we'll keep the questions till the very end because we have a lot to talk about with number one the taboo of psychological health being in your head but also in your body. You need to understand what happens to our physical bodies when we have untreated psychological conditions like a major depressive episode. Did you know that with every major depressive episode, you have a permanent change in your cognition? Some quantify it to a permanent decrease in your IQ for every depressive episode. Permanent. How about your reflexes? Do you know what happens to your reflexes when you have a major depressive event? When you're in the middle of it? Have you heard of psychoot retardation, PMR? Psychoot retardation literally refers to our psychoot abilities being slowed. That translates to decreased reflex time. And you can ask yourself, would you want a police officer, a pilot, your doctor to have decreased reflex times when they're taking care of you or they're trying to protect you? How about your cardiovascular health? When you have a serious psychological condition that's not being treated properly, anxiety, depression, PTSD, your cardiovascular health also takes a very tangible hit. So now when we have professionals like pilots, police officers, firefighters, your doctors, I'm an anesthesiologist, right? Where seconds, minutes matter in the operating room. What does it mean for our profession if we are undergoing a serious mental health condition in the middle of for example a major depressive episode? Well, this leads to very uncomfortable situations. I may be the first to tell you how uncomfortable it is when I have patients who come to me who can't tell their bosses, can't tell their clients or their patients about what they're going through because they might risk losing their job and all the consequences that come from that. But you know what hurts more? The silence that our society puts around it to not support these individuals who are suffering so much. Deep down and can't even tell anyone, leading them to self-medicating illegally. So, enter Joseph Emer uh Jordan Emerson, pardon, Joseph Emerson. What happened to Joseph Emerson years after the loss of a very close friend and was he felt unwilling to share the depression he was battling out of fear of losing his job as a pilot and eventually after many years seeking mushrooms specifically what we call magic mushrooms or mushrooms that contains psilocybin instead of SSRIs or what we call serotonin uh selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors a classic type of anti-depressant. So when a patient goes to a psychiatrist for depression, for example, what Joseph may have had, he he may have been given an SSRI or it's called the standard care for depression. Now, I was not his doctor. I'm only going off of reports in the news, but from his own account, he was unwilling to see a doctor and instead went the illegal route to this big hype around psychedelics. Now remember, I absolutely advocate for psychedelics to be used properly, responsibly, and ethically to address the root causes of depression and anxiety. The inwardly focused, ruminative, and proverative thoughts that my patients are stuck in for years and years at a time, feeling like they're in survival mode. This is not a joke. This is serious. And it has those physical consequences. Like we said, the cognitive impairment, IQ hit, decreased reflex time, your heart health taking a hit, etc. But we can't just use powerful substances like psychedelics willy-nilly. That's what happened in this case because Joseph, by his own admission, was unwilling to see a physician. Instead, tried to self-medicate with psilocybin containing mushrooms. So, not all mushrooms have psilocybin. Psilocybin is a molecule. You can do it literally draw it out has psychedelic properties. There have been several studies in the last couple of years showing that even a single dose of psilocybin can have profound effects on our mindset, our mood, and our depression. But it is still absolutely illegal on a federal level. There are a couple state exceptions, Oregon being one of them, but that's only in the proper medical supervised use, like when I use ketamine for example. So when we use a powerful substance like psilocybin to address the root cause of depression, we dig into the subconscious or the unconscious reasons for us feeling stuck. And when we address the root causes for lifelong benefit, like that one dose of psilocyin that a study recently showed can have benefit, you're addressing something deep down which might not only provide benefit, but if not used in the right set or setting can actually be harmful in rare cases. All it takes is one rare case, like the case of Joseph, where having a hallucinogenic trip from his mushroom experience a couple days prior led to him ultimately completely losing control in the cockpit of the airplane that he was riding in. He wasn't piloting to be clear, but he was riding in it and attempted to cut the engines mid-flight that would have likely killed the 80 plus people on board. Well, needless to say, Joseph is now facing multiple multiple over 80 criminal charges. But the fortunately, the pilots on board were able to subdue Joseph. But why did we get here? What is different about professional like pilots seeking mental health services and help who desperately need it? Why are they afraid to advocate for themselves? What has society done that has made this so challenging for them to seek help professionally and to use even powerful medications like ketamine being the only legal psychedelic like experience in a professional setting? Well, we're going to talk about that just just a moment. I just want to make a quick uh shout out that if you do appreciate these types of talks, you can always join our medical secrets uh private link is below for Zooms where we can see each other and I can answer more of your questions. There's so many great comments coming in. I want to answer all them. I'll answer as many as I can at the end. But want you to know that you can always support me and get your questions answered. There are medical secrets exclusive access. The link is below. As always, if you appreciate what's going on here, you hitting the like button, sharing with others to empower others also goes a long way to help me do this more often for you. Now, let's end with number three, which is what is my experience treating professionals who have overcome that taboo which could have otherwise cost them their lives, their professions, the lives of their loved ones when they come for something as potent as ketamine. So, ketamine is not a mushroom per se. It is not found in mushrooms. It is produced seemingly in some fungi in the world in very very very small quantities. It was first developed to be used as an anesthetic decades ago at very particular doses tend to be lower than the anesthetic doses. Ketamine can have profound effects on depression, anxiety, PTSD, and chronic pain. When professionals come to me, first off, they don't really want to tell anyone else that they're seeking this treatment, which I understand. But the difference that this causes, and I really hope that if you know someone who's been struggling, you can help share this with them. When someone with high functioning depression is struggling through their experience, they might have all the inward experiences and symptoms of depression. the loss of interest in doing things, sleep disturbances, the psycho motor retardation I mentioned, etc. But it might not all show on the outside depending on the spec on the symptoms and depending on the individual. So they might be a leader, for example, everyone around them might think that they're just crushing it when deep down they're suffering deeply, deeply, deeply just like the case of Joseph Emerson. My heart goes out to him and so many of the others that I've seen who after years finally muster up the courage to be able to seek help despite having an outward shell that they are perfectly high functioning and don't have any chinks in their armor. Well, when the hurt is so bad and no one else knows about it, people end up losing touch with their gut instinct, their intuition, their authenticity, if you will, and this can push them to doing things like Joseph Emerson. When we lose our gut instinct and we try something that might be dangerous because we don't have that intuition that, oh, you know, this isn't maybe this isn't safe for me to do. If I'm going to be flying in a cockpit in a couple of days and I'm trying this new mushroom that I've never even I don't know anything about. I want to be clear. It's very very rare to have that type of profoundly disturbing experience that causes someone to try to cut the engines mid-flight. But nonetheless, what happened? How much hurt had to accumulate in this individual from the taboo of discussing this with doctors out of fear of losing their job. We can transform that when patients bring in the self-compassion. And this is what I work on with my patients, especially those that are afraid to show what they're experiencing with the outside world. Because without the self-compassion, we can't begin to unsuck ourselves and give ourselves a chance to heal. Self-compassion is hard when we have this giant armor around us and we don't let anyone come into us. When we can restore the self-compassion and the deservingness to heal, that's where the true power of any type of treatment for mental health, especially psychedelics, whether it's ketamine or something else, can really come true. I hope that you appreciate my take on Joseph Emerson. And I hope that you feel empowered to share with others, especially those who are struggling but don't have the comfort or the ability to speak out to others because of the taboo and stigmas that maybe their family, their friends or their profession has put on them or maybe society at large. As always, hit that like button please to support me doing this more for you and I want to answer some of your questions. Also, don't forget that you can always have more of this discussion live over Zoom to get more of your questions answered by joining the medical secrets live access. Link is below. Let's get started. D says, "That's so sad." And I agree. The case of Joseph is certainly very dramatic, but it's not in a vacuum. This happens so frequently, not on such scales. Same with truckers. Absolutely, that's correct. Hi from Florida, says Alicia. Hi back from the San Francisco Bay area. Is there any research these drugs help cognitive deficits or dementia? Claire, that's a very good question. If we can treat the cause of the cognitive impairment, maybe it's depression for example by treating the depression, we can relieve cognitive impairment in some cases. Uh I am very happy that Heather has found that help for helping to become unstuck. and they're very good to see you. Miriam, uh, thank you for the kind comments. Lacy asks, "How do any of these drugs affect diabetics? They tend to not have direct effects on insulin receptors, at least not at levels high enough to cause severe swings in glycemia or in blood sugar levels." Very good question. Insurance needs to start covering ketamine. Yes, that would be helpful for many. And uh pilots have to have a flight physical yearly test for drugs, eyesight, hearing, etc. Even sleep issues with ground you, bright eyes. That's right. Often drug tests are not testing for substances like those found in mushrooms, that psilocybin molecule I mentioned. Of course, I'm sure there are some tests out there for it, but the average tests that we do don't include every possible thing known to mankind. They're testing for benzoazipines, opioids, cocaine, etc. I'm not saying that any of these are right. Absolutely. They're all um they can all be terrible terrible, especially when used in the wrong context, but they don't all uh bring up these these chemicals. And it's important to recognize once again more of the stigma and taboo for why. So when I work with professionals, we have a very clear discussion with anyone who is doing a urine testing that ketamine and metabolites thereof like noretamine might be found in the urine or the blood and that is going to be normal based on their treatment with me. Uh I don't know what a yummy nurse is. Janine Matt says I have a security clearance and suffer anidonia. I proceed with great caution Matt and I'm happy that you do have that insight. I hope that you are still finding support for anidomia. Micro doing is great. Well, got to be careful saying that micro doing what and what does micro dosing actually mean? Because everyone has a different definition for micro doing. There's very limited evidence on its benefit with regards to ketamine which is legal when used by prescription. There is very very little evidence to support that micro doing is any better or safer than using the far better studied IV or intraasal approaches. How long do you need to stop taking gummies before surgery? asks Cheryl. Ideally, several weeks. You always need to ask your doctor because marijuana can have very significant effects under anesthesia. Gabentin helps a lot for nerve pain, says Ingred. It can. I'm happy that it's helping you. It can also cause many side effects. Bo says, "Hi from British Columbia. Uh, I am very happy that it was not fatal," says uh Bo. Yes, but it was a near miss and one that we need to appreciate the root cause of. Are mushrooms at the moment only used for depression? Claire, they're not used for anything legally to be very, very clear, but the most evidence is around depression. You're correct. Ingred, it's my pleasure. Uh Deborah, I agree with Matt who mentioned about having a clearance. Anything that has to do with having a clearance, you have to proceed with caution. Absolutely. But why don't the overlying infrastructure around that not acknowledge what happens if you don't treat depression and lead people to doing what Joseph did about illegally self-medicating? We need to change the culture around this so it's not this everyone gets a trophy, everyone is so victimized. No, but about recognizing the true effects of our psychological and physical body being connected. And if one is ill, the other will suffer from those examples that I shared about cognitive impairment, psychoot retardation, and cardiovascular health just to name a few. Societal change. It's not about saying everything is okay and not about victimizing. Certainly trusting doctors can be difficult for people. Medical gaslighting is real, says Robin. That's right, and I have many videos on that. You're absolutely right. Katie, good to see you on here. Uh Lori says, "Been on meds for depression for years. I'm a professional counselor. Grateful co-workers have no issue, but some friends think it's wrong." Well, that's Lori. Once again, if we can't treat the depression clinically with professionals, where does that leave somebody? I agree with what sounds like your position is that you can't leave depression undertreated or untreated. Nor can you anxiety, PTSD, or chronic pain. And if the culture around our professions doesn't accept that, we need to advocate. And that's what I hope you feel more courage to do for yourself or your loved ones. Lacy, you are so welcome. Door mouse, should I be concerned with sense of pins and needles in my right occipital area and nausea? Well, door mouse, you should talk to your doctor about that. If a person suddenly stopped ketamine therapy, can it cause hallucinations? Can it cause severe paranoia? Can it lead to death? I lost my sister eight weeks ago with unknown reason. Big guy's wife. I'm so sorry to hear that. It's not something that we typically consider with ketamine therapy, but there might be other issues surrounding that and I can't comment with more information. Is there a clinic to help develop a proper dose or are we by ours side? Claire, if you're referring to micro doing, there is no clinic because it is illegal across the United States. There is still very little evidence for mushrooms or micro doing. And I'm not going to go into that. I can speak to ketamine which is legal when used under medical supervision but even one in a thousand risks what Joseph experienced needs to be taken very seriously especially in those who have professions where there where others lives are at stake. Uh Deborah 51 says cultural change is absolutely necessary. Absolutely. You were correct. I hope that you are going to be one of those agents of change as well. Uh, big guys, you're very welcome. We'll end with one last question. Janine, I had a nurse yelling at me and told me why she hit a nerve is because I had not ate her or drink before my colonoscopy. I don't know, Janine, why no one yell would yell at you for that. So, the last question, Dinky, can ketamine damage your bladder or is it only at high levels? Dinky, we don't know the dose or the cumulative dose. I have never seen this clinically that ketamine induced cyitis but it certainly has been reported and probably happens more commonly in drug users, recreational users of ketamine than in any uh medically supervised settings. Very good questions. I hope everyone learned something new to advocate for themselves and others. Until next time, remember that you have more power over your health than you've ever been

  Top Comments:
  1. @brendag.3384 [1 likes]: Part of the problem is many of these careers like aviation and first responders are safety-sensitive and something as helpful as taking a benzo for anxiety will cost the person their job. I work in aviation and there are numerous medications for my mental health I’m not allowed to take without losing my job.
  2. @BushyHairedStranger [1 likes]: Watch the Propaganda! HE WASN’T ON MAGIC MUSHROOMS DURING THE INCIDENT! Magic mushrooms have NOTHING to do with his behavior onboard the plane. The FACTS are that he was suffering from 40+ hours of INSOMNIA! & was likely in a sleep deprived state suffering from insomnia caused Psychosis! has nothing to do with PSILOCYBIN INTOXICATION! 

We need to stop blaming Psychedelics for behaviors that happen totally outside the activity of these molecules!
  3. @andreaanderson6825 [1 likes]: Psych patients are indeed treated as criminals in most hospitals ERs per my experience. When I have gone for help, I have had all my belongings (phone, clothing, personal items) taken from me and I was placed in a locked observation room. When I finally was moved to a mental health facility, I was transported in the back of a Sheriff's marked car in handcuffs and shackles. I was not violent in any way. It was "policy."

Really?? Yeah. That was really helpful. Smh.
  4. @fakenbake06 [1 likes]: Please do an episode on the toxicity of fluoride on the brain! It’s in everything and I believe it’s causing severe physical & mental health issues.
  5. @fakenbake06 [1 likes]: Why is he so damn hott and intellectual at the same time!? Wish I were his wife but
  6. @scubadiva666 [1 likes]: The problem with drug testing is that there are so many false positives—or even, I went up for a job at Bloomingdale's in the late 90s; I didn't think anything about it when they had me pee in a cup—except that I had had poppy seed danish that morning, and that came up as heroin in the drug screening. 

The results didn't come back until I had already been on the job 10 days, and I was terminated immediately with no recourse. "I'm sorry, I have to sue you," I told the personnel manager. And I did.
  7. @TheObsessedPatriot: Mushrooms have nearly completly eliminated my PTSD. Haven't had a single trigger episode in nearly 2 years. It had gotten so bad i was nearly unemployable. If something triggered it, I would lose 2 to 3 days of work. Hasn't happened since doing 3 to 4 sessions, yes self treatment. The odd one off story of some pilot doing something like that is not helpful as its EXTREMELY rare. That's what the medical world does. It finds that one story that might stop people from finding the help they need.
  8. @speaklifegardenhomesteadpe8783: Stigmatization kills.
  9. @savanahasargent4856: It is so awful this is still happening in 2023. Sad but true.
  10. @joyames9236: I SO wish this video would go viral! What you are saying about treating mental illness. My saying is anyone can get a mental health problem, Just like anyone could get lice, neither are abnormal, but not treating either one, that’s horribly harmful.
  11. @doubleslit9513: It’s sad but mental health stigma is a learned behavior. God knows my family taught me it was something to hide.  Later in life in my mid30s, having risen far beyond my capabilities within the Federal government, supervising over 100 people and managing a $60M / year budget I sought help from a psychiatrist but I always paid cash and did my best to keep it hidden. Ridiculous looking back on it but such are the lives seemingly “successful “ people live. 
How does that song go?  “Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way” ?  
I always felt that way. As though I were just barely hanging on. Even when I was being promoted or watching one of my kids graduate. I was always waiting for the bottom to drop out. 
I’ve tried ketamine treatment and I highly recommend it for those who can afford $400/treatment. 
Lastly, I would posit that mushrooms had very little to do with this pilot’s actions.  Sounds more like a  reaction to a false  or imagined emergency .  I feel god-awful for that pilot but I bet a check of his blood would find plenty of big-pharma produced chemicals.
  12. @GuardianOfUltima: Any amount of mushrooms kills brain cells
  13. @hhk740: thank you doctor
  14. @hoopgal3216: My husband is a commercial pilot and he was NOT sympathetic to this guy at all. I felt like you did, just sad that he was suffering so much and when he tried to “fix” it himself, only caused himself more harm. My husband will not even take Melatonin! It’s crazy how the FAA discourages pilots from getting help for fear they will lose their medical license to fly. Even being diagnosed & treated for sleep apnea is a problem for the FAA! They make it so complicated the pilots feel like they’re better off just dealing with the untreated sleep apnea than being diagnosed & having to jump through the FAA hoops. It’s ridiculous. So now you have a bunch of sleep deprived pilots out there flying humans around. The pilots are really in a no-win situation, especially if they have mental health problems like the mushroom-taker. It’s very sad…
  15. @Jupiter-Janet2025: Dr. Kaveh's, I  have a question I'm hoping you can answer for me,  as follows:  When a person uses LSD fairly frequently beginning as early as the age of 15, knowing that our brains are still developing,  is it known to start the onset of short term memory loss?? Would be ever so grateful for your expert opinion 😊😊
  16. @lawandadix.2422: Dr.Anthony You have such a soothing voice. 👋🏽🥰💕
  17. @Amica-Fan: Did you know alot of mental health issues come from undiagnosed C0-C1 instability causing vagus nerve compression. Alot of anesthesiologists dont know about it or EDS and can cause CCI/AAI issues
  18. @catherinedeluca6304: what happens with people with alzheimers ?
  19. @timestax: I joined your channel but due to time restraints I can't take advantage of the membership benefits.   How do i cancel my membership.

Thank you. I'm sorry I can't stay
  20. @Ginger-s1z: He didn't crash the plane !

- 2013 APS Convention Video: A Pilot Test of an Anxiety- and Stress-Reduction App: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Lee Dunn from Hunter College and I'm here in Washington DC presenting our research at the 25th APS annual convention in this study my colleagues and I wanted to see if attention bias modification to reduce anxiety and stress could show efficacy in the form of a mobile app or app video game prior research suggests exaggerated attention to threat is a key feature in anxiety and stress and attention bias modification is a way of reducing the attention we pay to threat and has been shown to reduce stress and even clinical anxiety we tested our question in a group of moderately anxious college students Me by measuring whether a single session of attention bias modification versus a placebo version of the app resulted in reductions in four measures of Stress and Anxiety subjective anxiety immediately after the app anxious behaviors during a social stressor um subjective negative mood after the stressor and threat bias we had two dosages of the app a high 40-minute dosage and a lower 20-minute dosage results showed that both the high and low dosages of the app reduce both subjective anxiety and stress behaviors but that only the high dosage reduce threat bias this study is important because it suggests that a game can promote mental health and reduce stress also findings preliminary evidence that this novel mobile app effectively reduces threat bias State anxiety stress reactivity and a similar to attention bias modification the mobile format will also allow instant access so the training can be completed anywhere and at any time it also has a low barrier to entry people only need a device with Apple iOS and the format is unobtrusive so it can be played in public without drawing unwanted attention the fact that we found efficacy after a single session of play suggests the potential for this app to function as a mobile fun cognitive vaccine for acute stress

- How to Manage "Stress Eating" & Compulsive Eating | Dr. Elissa Epel & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en What is the relationship between stress and eating and eating and the opioid system? Stress and eating is an interesting one. So most people, when they feel stressed... Or, I'm just going to ask you, do you eat more or less when you're stressed? Less, definitely. I feel like I can go two, three days without food when I'm really stressed. But I came up in a profession where, sadly for me, all-nighters were part of the regular until pretty recently, a couple years ago when I just called an end to that. And no, it wasn't just because of procrastination, it was just work overload. Yep. But I can go a long period of time without eating, although I love to eat, so I do point out that I do love to eat. And what does the body feel like when you're in that stress state when you're not even hungry, you're kind of shut down in your digestion? That I have enough energy from my neural resources, from adrenaline. And generally, those periods of time when I'm not hungry coincide with a hyperfocus on the stressor, the deadline, whatever it is in life that needs tending to, and food just doesn't appeal to me as much. It doesn't taste as good and it's not as enticing. Yeah. So we think that either your type of body temperament is high sympathetic, and so when you have a big stress response, your digestion is pretty much shut down. Like it would be the opposite. Eating would be the opposite of what your body's telling you to do. I'm just going to... Forgive me for interrupting. For those of you hearing sympathetic, we're not talking about sympathy. We're talking about the sympathetic arm of the autonomic nervous system, which is the so-called fight or flight arm, as opposed to the parasympathetic. In any event, sorry to interrupt, but want to make sure that... Sometimes people hear sympathy and then think emotional sympathy. I like to think I have that too, but... Okay, so I tend to lean more towards the sympathetic, meaning more alertness arousal... ELISSA: Yeah. on the seesaw of the autonomic nervous system. Right. And I'm a high sympathetic reactor. I lose weight when I go through... Like writing my dissertation, I looked like a skeleton at the end. But that's not what most people complain about. It's not weight loss. Most people complain about overeating or binge-eating when they're emotional, when they're stressed. And so that's the more common pattern. And that looks different, both in the brain and biologically. And so what it looks like is that the stress response is driving cravings and also, let's say, high insulin or an insulin-resistance state. And what goes along with that is tending to be overweight or have obesity. And so, whether it's through conditioning or genetics, having that kind of larger body with a big stress-eating temperament, that is a challenge in life. And I've worked with people with different eating conditions, eating disorders, binge-eating, and what's hard about it is, number one, it's very common and normative to just feel like you can't feel satiated. So it's this compulsive eating tendency that stress brings you to. And so what it mean... We measure this, it's very easy to measure. It means that people feel like they can't control their eating, they don't get full, they think about food a lot. And so stress kind of exacerbates that tendency. And that is a... It's a common phenotype. Like we've studied it, and maybe 50% of people with obesity have that. Do lean people have that? Some, not many, like less than 20%. But what they also have is this tremendous kind of what we call dietary strain or control over their eating. So they're able to not overeat even though they're thinking about food a lot. So that explains that unusual body of someone who's really more... Still has those compulsive traits. So why does this matter? This makes it really hard to eat well, because when you're stressed, you're craving the comfort food, the high fat, high sugar, high salt, depending on your temperament. And that means, with repeated bouts of stress, you're just going to be gaining weight, and particularly in the intraabdominal area. That's what we've seen. We've seen it cross-sectionally. We've seen it in rat studies and mice studies, and now we've seen it in people in many... For about 10 years I studied this and the question was, is what's happening in people the same thing that's happening in mice? If you stress them out and you give them Oreos, the mice develop binge-eating, they get really compulsive, and they get this terrible metabolic health profile, metabolic syndrome, where they're round... Their belly fat basically expands like a cushion. And that's 'cause that's this really good immediate source of energy during stress. So we're really well wired to... If our body thinks we're under chronic stress, we're going to store stress fat or abdominal fat, so that we can just mobilize that in a second. And then the second question we've asked is, can you reverse that, with different interventions, can you block the compulsive eating? So I can tell you what we found there. But the opioid system that you mentioned is certainly involved, and in studies with people, lean people and people with obesity, my colleague Rajita Sinha at Yale, it's basically found that when you stress them out, people with obesity are having a different reward response. And the more insulin-resistant they are, the more their reward center lights up during stress. And what's causal there? What's the chicken, what's the egg? 'Cause I can imagine these were people that at one time were not obese who got stressed. The opioid system reacted in a particularly potent way to food, and they were able to clamp their stress. And so then they become binge-eaters in the context stress. And that leads to insulin insensitivity. Exactly. I could also imagine that they were insulin-insensitive, therefore they need to eat more in order to feel kind of an increase in satiety. 'Cause we know this now, based on brain and body mechanisms. And then that set off a cascade of things leading to obesity. Not that it necessarily matters, but what's causal? Do we know if... Oh, I think it really does matter. I think there's been a mistake of kind of confounding all obesity with food addiction and metabolic disease. And it's completely heterogeneous. So I think it's the developmental path that you're describing, which is that there's a tendency toward having a bigger reward response and hunger during stress. So it becomes a way of coping, a lifestyle, and that is a pathway toward obesity. And so some obese people have a dysregulated stress response, but not all of them. I mean, it really is a certain type of person, so that's why we target people with cravings. In all of our intervention studies now, we want to know who has more of the compulsive eating type because they need a different set of skills to cope with stress and to lose weight, if that's their goal. There's a drug, I'm sure you're familiar with naltrexone, which can block the opioid receptor. It's used to block the opioid receptor in the context of different types of addiction. Have people tried to use naltrexone in the context of binge-eating? And does it help people lose weight? Because it presumably reduces some of the rewarding properties of food. That's one of the very few drug combinations that has been used for binge-eating. So it was a combination of naltrexone and Wellbutrin. And I'm not sure at this moment how much that's favored for binge-eating, but certainly the early trials showed that it really does damp down on the compulsive eating. Interesting. So is that a commonly prescribed kit of drugs now for obesity? I know there's a lot of excitement nowadays about these semaglutide... analogs, because they do seem very effective in blocking hunger, especially in type-two diabetics. I don't know if you're familiar with it. But, right, they're sort of all the rage, mostly because people saw the before and after photos of Elon. He had his shirt off on a boat and there were some not so nice comments made about him. And then sometime later he was quite a bit lighter and he announced that he had been taking one of these semaglutide agonists. I really hope that we come up with safe and effective drugs. And one thing to think about is that the challenge that we all have, particularly if we're prone to obesity, is the toxic food environment, and particularly the refined sugar. And regardless of what we're on, metformin or one of these drugs, we override it with our diet. And really, the improved nutrition is the only way to solve it as a public health problem. I mean, the drug companies are saying everyone with a certain BMI should be on one of these new drugs, and it's just rubbish and it's not going to lead to long-term health. Well, I know you have a colleague there at UCSF, Dr. Robert Lustig, who's been talking about sugars and hidden sugars for years and the problems with that. And we don't want to demonize sugar as the only cause of the obesity epidemic, but it's certainly one of them. At least that's my belief, according to the data. Yes, and Rob is the biggest proponent of helping people understand the big problem and the root is in the processed food and the sugar, and that the drugs don't touch that. We override effects of any drugs with our diet. And so it's been a losing battle really, because of the force of big food and big pharma. So let me go back to the compulsive eating. So there are some clues about how to break that cycle. So one is, in our weight loss trials or healthy mindful eating trials, we find that mindful eating is not going to cause a lot of weight loss, period. But the people who benefit most from learning this kind of calm self-regulation where you check in with your hunger, you slow down, you increase your awareness of your body, so in interceptive awareness, that type of skill is really critical for people with compulsive eating. And so in our trials we find that if they, people with compulsive eating, if they get randomized to the mindful eating, they do better in terms of their insulin-resistance and their glucose and their long-term weight loss. So that's one good clue. Another is the positive stress pathway looks important for breaking the compulsive eating cycle. So high-intensity interval training, or maybe some of these other ways that we've been talking about, to increase the bodily stress in these short-term ways to metabolize stress in our body can help with the cravings. So what would that look like in the context of... Let's say somebody has the opposite phenotype to me, they get stressed and they find themselves reaching for snack food or that they simply can't reach satiety. They just want to eat and eat and eat. What are some of the, aside from naltrexone and Wellbutrin and some of these prescription approaches... Because I always say while I certainly value prescription drugs in certain contexts. I always feel like behaviors should come first, do's and don'ts, then nutrition, then supplementation, and then, if and only if it's still needed, prescription drugs. But that's just my bias based on my observation. Pretty reasonable. [laughs] I like to think so. It also starts at a zero cost endeavor. I mean, behaviors require time, but it certainly includes everybody, not just those that have insurance or that live in a particular region of the US or the world. So anyway, that's my bias, and at least for the time being, I'm sticking with it. It's the basis of a lot of what we talk about on this podcast. But nonetheless, if somebody is finding themselves in that category of binge-eating or heading towards binge-eating or using food to comfort or alleviate stress, how should they intervene in their own thoughts and behavior? We talked about the binge, top down strategies, changing the body, changing the scene. We need all of those. I mean, the compulsive drive to eat is one of our strongest impulses if we've developed that pathway. And so we train people, for example, in mindful awareness of separating out emotions from hunger. So they get really wrapped up together, so just labeling how you're feeling, labeling your hunger from one to 10 and figuring out, "Am I really hungry or is it boredom?" That helps people. And if you do that check-in right before you eat, that helps the most. So that's the top down mindful check-in. The other thing we help people do is ride the craving, surf the urge. So we deal a lot with soda drinkers, and it is addictive, and there is nothing worse than drinking sugar soda for our body. So we help people by having them watch their craving pass and knowing that it's a matter of time that they can surf the urge without jumping to consuming. And so that practice helps some people, especially with practice. The pushups, the taking a walk, the changing the scene, getting away from food is always going to be a huge strong strategy if you can get yourself away from it. The problem is, as you know, is that the cravings get you to the buffet, they drive you to the soda, et cetera. And so just creating safe environments, both at home and in the workplace, where you don't have soda is really important. So we try that at UCSF. My colleagues and I, including Rob Lustig, the anti-sugar doctor, we just saw the absurdity of being a medical center, people come with these chronic diseases, and what are they served in the cafeteria or even at their bedside? Sugared coke. In the hospital. And so my colleague Laura Schmidt, who's partly responsible for the soda tax, she rallied all the... We went top down to administration, but bottom up to vendors, got rid of all the soda in all of our hospitals and campuses. And we found two things. Number one, people who were heavy drinkers lost weight in the most important place, their waist. Heavy soda drinkers? So when we took it out of the workplace, actually their health improved. And number two, those with compulsive eating, they score high on our little scale for reward-based drive, it didn't help them. So then we randomized half of them to get some extra boost, we call it motivational interviewing, where we're really supporting them more and helping them think of goals, like being with their grandchildren and not getting diabetes. And that little bit of support helped them tremendously. And so now we are trying to roll that out in a big controlled trial. But at least a hundred hospitals have adopted the... Stopped selling sugary drinks. Because people don't want to be sick, but they can't help it if they have the reward drive. And if they have the compulsivity and it's right there at work, we're just working against health. [Music Playing]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ashleighhennessy [6 likes]: HOW TO FIX THIS IN 1 WEEK - Hi anyone who's struggling with this. I'm the 1 in 5 - I have this constant hunger but I'm able to stay slim (my BMI is 21). Here are my strategies: When I've been binging for a few weeks or even months, with uncontrollable hunger, I start where I am. I think about (or write down) what im eating, just the meal / snack, how frequently I'm eating. Usually at my worst it'll be pretty constant, every half hour or hour. So then I search youtube for "destress tolerance skills". It usually comes up with strategies, distraction, stiting with your emotions, havign a walk, a hot bath, light a candle etc, workout. Distractions. So then I make a note of the techniques I wanna use, and then on Day 1 of Binge Recovery I start by eating how frequently I was, allowing myself to eat whatever foods i want but not more than 1 bowl/plate etc. At my worst, this is usually every half hour or every hour. So i eat something every hour or half hour, just somethnig small. I try and make some of these proper meals/snacks, and some what i call 'low calorie fillers', so things like cucumber sticks, diet soda etc. if I can do thata nd cope with not eating for a bit longer. And then in the time in between my next meal/snacks, where im stressed and feeling very tense and thinking about food constantly, I use the distress tolerance skills i chose (10 minute workout, walk listening to my favourite songs, doom scrolling) and tell myself its just e.g. 20 more minutes till i can eat again, i can do it. And then on Day 2, I space the meals/snacks out to every hour. Then on Day 3 every 1-2hrs as I need. At this point i real;ly start trying to increase the nutritional value of the food, so less junk annd more healthy foods. Then by day 3, I notice im getting better at sitting with my emotions, recognising when im hungry vs stressed. I tell myself 'im anxious' rather than thinking 'im hungry'. Your thoughts become real, they have power. Then by day 5 I can go 2-3hrs without eating, or if im very focused on my work i go every 3-4hrs. By day 6, im no longer thinking constantly about food and i feel much better, stomach has shrunk and im feeling good about myself. Sometimes I have a coffee or tea at the end of my meal - I sytart to assocatiate that coffee with ending eating, so it starts making me not hungry (this is classical conditioning, you can train your brain to associate certain things with not feeling hungry). The workouts i do you can find by just searching youtube e.g. '10 minute beginner abs workout' or whatever body part you feel like. Also check out 'The Binge Eating Therapist' on youtube, her strategies have helped me when nothing else worked. She talks about coming to terms with the grief of ending a meal when you want more, accepting that you want to eat more but dont have to act on that impulse. Let me know if this helps anyone! Im on day 3 of my current recovery right now.
  2. @sharonjack8582 [1 likes]: Just got back from my daily GENTLE JOG. My cat went with me around my little area, in the STORM. After
 40 yrs, I started to jog again every day, 1 - 3 times a day. I use outside air with walking/jogging to deal with ALL
of my emotions. This calmly energizes me. We are emotional spiritual creatures having a human experience.
ADDICTIONS of any kind depress me. 37 yrs off of cigs and 24 yrs off alcohol now. Sugar is a slippery slope
that I work at every day. I do not diet. I eat what I want. I listen to my body.

I speak now from my everyday observations about living here in the USA. FOOD is a huge TOPIC here
in America, especially today, with the government shutdown/Snap situation. We all have to eat, period.

Something that not everyone in America is talking about is how EXTREME our OBESITY situation is.
When Trump took office, I knew that he wanted as many Americans to get working and be as healthy
as possible. He stays away from becoming obese. 

RFK Jr. was hired for health/food improvements. If you look at many of our politicians, few of them
are OBESE. I believe they don't want to see so many of their fellow Americans being obese.

Every day, I have to work at NOT eating too much junk food. Honestly, I could easily be seriously obese, if
I ate everything I like to eat. NUTRITION is a very INTERESTING SUBJECT to study. We are ALL STUDENTS
in this LIFE.

I eat to LIVE, not LIVE to eat. Processed foods have
become a big NO NO for me as they cause knee/joint inflammations and more. I do eat some canned
foods that have minimal processing. We are INFLUENCED by WHAT we EAT. I DO NOT fantasize about
recipes for this and that yummy desert foods, lol. SOME FOODS, like alcohol and smoking, can be very
addictive. SUGAR is a SLIPPERY SLOPE for sure.

I see so many people (on buses and elsewhere) really struggling to simply MOVE their bodies.

I'm a people watcher, including watching myself. I would say that about 30 out of 40 people are
really overweight/obese. Not just a little chubby but seriously packing too much extra weight.

Some SNAP recipients genuinely need the help. During my own lean times I have accepted much-appreciated
emergency food help. I like to work and make $$ and BE HEALTHY.

Grocery shopping can be GRUELING with all of the toxic foods/drinks in them. Cereals, alcohols and all
of the DESSERTS/BAKED SWEETS. Eating healthy is a daily job.

So, this my today's observation!! Thanks for reading if you have read this :)!
  3. @jeanne8264 [1 likes]: Not helpful listening to how Dr Huberman doesn’t eat when he is stressed, oooook good for you …
  4. @ttinsane1988: Weird, i eat very unhealthy for years especially when stressed. Instead of gaining weight i actually lost weight. I am closer to underweight then overweight despite eating junk food and too many calories.
  5. @cleanstreak-app: Dr. Epel is spot on about stress eating. The vicious cycle of UPF + stress + more UPF is brutal. Breaking the processed food habit literally changes your stress response over time.
  6. @Tugg_Speedman.: when they say soda, do they mean zero sugar soda too?
  7. @Tugg_Speedman.: how to manage= just dont do it.. thanks
  8. @Rhihuu: I’m going to be very honest my family has a history of androgenetic alopecia (the women do) and because of that they loose hair, my sister already has a lot of hairloss she’s 23 years old so o went online and it turned out that mostly happens due to high insulin levels and so I stopped eating carbs at all and now I have a bad binge eating disorder, I really fear carbs and high insulin levels. I need help
  9. @RavenCrowCawCaw: Best solution to avoid relapse and to stay in shape, feel satiated with no guilt not to mention having something joyful to look forward to is by doing OMAD at dinner time. I can easily have 1200 or so calories in one go. It’s surprising that the next day my tummy shrink and I feel skinnier lol. All I do everyday is literally waiting for dinner 😂!
  10. @Tiramisu-x7n: 11:10 maybe a cold shower?
  11. @ShawdieeJaay: I've ALWAYS loved food... Always piling my plate up and overeating... It's gotten worse after the loss of my mother 3/11/25.... Food is the ONLY thing that seems to make me happy temporarily...  I decided to do a 3 day water fast with my church and today is the first day. I hope to gain spiritual strength and self control... I also want to be healthier and lose weight.
  12. @kate.proverbs31: Whoever might be reading this, I pray you encounter the love of God today. Jesus saves us because we can do nothing to save ourselves 🤍🤍 Trust in Him
  13. @primitivebaptistchurch2home: Try tapping your forehead with your fingertips for 30 seconds, it disrupts the frontal lobe from focusing on food as a solution to how you feel
  14. @Anthony-ew7eu: I'm overeating right now as im watching 😢😢
  15. @Justmyopinion_: Does this also work if it’s not stress, but a feeling of inadequacy or feeling bad about yourself ? Any tips on how to stop that
  16. @elysiumabove99: This woman knows nothing or sounds like she knows nothing about eating disorders. Many people eat to self soothe and it has nothing to do with fats or sugars, they eat all food groups and they don't eat because they have a disproportionate sense of hunger, quite the opposite. It's an addiction. Much like drinking alcohol.
  17. @Iron_Willed: An ad every 2 min FFS
  18. @jeanne8264: When you learn more from the comment section than from the video itself.
  19. @Bubblie-d2r: How do you explain it when you never feel hungry but having a constant urge to eat?
  20. @Curiosity_Central_101: Seed oils and sugar

- 3-Minute Stress Management: Reduce Stress With This Short Activity: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone! Emma Mcadam here. Today we're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to talk about how you can reduce&nbsp; your stress in around three minutes. Okay, so quick reminder, stress is the aspect of&nbsp; anxiety that we feel in our body. Worry is all&nbsp;&nbsp; about thoughts, but stress is about how our muscles get tense, or our breathing gets tight. Stress&nbsp;&nbsp; makes you ache, or it makes your hands sweat right? &nbsp; Stress is that physiological response to perceived&nbsp;&nbsp; danger. So when your brain perceives a threat,&nbsp; whether it's a tiger, or an upcoming deadline,&nbsp;&nbsp; your brain is going to trigger that fight-flight-freeze response, but we can train our mind, and&nbsp;&nbsp; our body, to be calm by doing little activities&nbsp; that regulate the nervous system, and it's best&nbsp;&nbsp; if we do these frequently throughout the day.&nbsp; So for people who work in manual labor jobs,&nbsp;&nbsp; stress reduction may look like, resting on the&nbsp; couch, but for people who spend a lot of their&nbsp;&nbsp; day frozen at their computer, reducing stress&nbsp; is probably going to be most effective if we&nbsp;&nbsp; incorporate movement. So here it goes. First thing&nbsp; I want you to do is to start by rating your&nbsp;&nbsp; degree of physical tightness on a scale from&nbsp; 0 to 10, and and now take a big deep breath. (Inhale/Exhale) Now bring your shoulders up and down, and keep breathing. (Inhale-Exhale) Now gently tilt your head&nbsp; forward, and back, side to side. Now, I want you to start shaking your arm like this, haha, that's pretty classy looking. Oh yeah, get that&nbsp; jiggling okay, now start shaking out your other arm, just let it get really floppy, and just shake&nbsp;&nbsp; it out. This is something you can do at&nbsp; your desk at work, or whatever, you know. Okay, now I want you to stand up, and shake&nbsp; your leg out right, lets get it really jiggly,&nbsp;&nbsp; shake your leg out. Get your&nbsp; other leg, shake your leg out. Just kind of jiggle that leg around, you&nbsp; may feel a little ridiculous that's okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; laugh at yourself if you want. Okay, now I&nbsp; just want you to straighten yourself up, (Inhale-Exhale)&nbsp;&nbsp; feel your feet on the floor, don't forget to&nbsp; breathe, hold your head up straight, feel your legs&nbsp;&nbsp; pressing into the ground, let&nbsp; yourself smile just a little bit, (heavy exhale) and now just do a little gentle forward fold, let your arms dangle, stand up straight, and then I want you to rate your&nbsp; tightness again on the same scale from 0 to 10.&nbsp;&nbsp; Did your degree of tension go down? Then then this&nbsp; worked if it did, and if not, well let me know in&nbsp;&nbsp; the comments. Tell me what you think is helpful&nbsp; at reducing your stress. Okay, there's your three&nbsp;&nbsp; minute exercise. The other thing I just want to&nbsp; say really quick, I want to thank Better Help for&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsoring this video. They provide professional,&nbsp; affordable, online counseling starting at around&nbsp;&nbsp; $65 dollars a week, so check out the link in&nbsp; the description. If you use my link, you&nbsp;&nbsp; can get 10% off your first month. Okay,&nbsp; thank you for watching, and take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [15 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @mexil6529 [4 likes]: Watching in bed so it looks like I’m having a seizure
  3. @PWR_Shanvi [1 likes]: I am 11 years old amd i am really stress i have a  headache
  4. @angrybunnyclinic [1 likes]: If the panic hits too hard, you might need a serious 'Daily Offload'. Angry Bunny Clinic vibe is exactly what you need for this kind of stress. 🐇🔥.Hop in.
  5. @Starlit_sky-enha [1 likes]: After this I was okay .. the heavy breathing and tight throat, gone ! I had a tough time trying to get my mind straight . Thank you .
  6. @CherryIsntCool: Thanks, I keep getting stressed for no reason at all
  7. @Bikeenthusiastt: I am so stressed that I sometimes start vomiting. Occasionally, suicidal thoughts occur, and I feel as though my life has no purpose
  8. @dallywilliams6606: 😊 thank you
  9. @NewNew-t5m5w: The shaking technique is such a simple but effective way to reset the nervous system, it really helps release that physical tension
  10. @ItsDaBunz: im stressed about my stress. stressing that i cant stop stressing wtf do i do :( i feel a deep upset stomach feeling at the smallest things and even begin shaking uncontrollably often it sucks and its causing  health problems for me which is hard because i have autism and struggle a lot
  11. @Yeemi3._Chiaki: I'm stressed because my crush just confessed to me, and I'm not ready for a relationship. This really helped . Thank you!
  12. @prashanthijupally3206: I will try these as often as I can whenever I get stressed. I  did feel better after i tried for the first time
  13. @J.L.P627: Tip! Don't cope with cigarettes. ;)
  14. @life7139: Thank you kindly for this video, I was literally starting to lose myself. Everything has been so stressful including my brothers, college, lack of financial stability, etc.
  15. @FlorezDulze: I experienced a lot of stress from knowing I had watched a lot of pornography and kept it from my mother. I couldn’t recover on my own, so i eventually told my mother about it after i survived an anxiety or possibly stress heart attack on our way home after work and my pain decreased. But I so traumatized that it reduced to general anxiety disorder, despite all the years i spent free from anxiety. Like the Bible says, you have to repent and confess your sins, which is what convicted me from continuing to watch pornography and living and hidden and open sin.
  16. @parabellum7318: Simple and effective :-') thank you, Emma!
  17. @soumeshkumar7907: 😢
  18. @kaustubhgupta3950: We have practiced this as cosmic child dance
  19. @fish.174-e3r: 6 - 9, and 3 - 5 and tysm for curing my stress so half an hour ago I was drawing in my notebook and then my relative ripped my privacy and I tried getting my notebook he wanted to see I screamed really hard wanting him to stop and he eventually left
  20. @beepy6973: ive recently become aware that i stress-eat, quite literally everyday. i used to do it multiple times a day and didnt realize it. this helped me alot, im now 4 days stress-eating free!!!!

- How to Turn off the Fight/Flight/Freeze Response: Anxiety Skills #4: Kind: captions Language: en I'd like to do a quick introduction into grounding activities Being grounded means that you are in your body, you're feeling your emotions and you're aware of your present moment experience. It also means that you're feeling responsible for your safety and well-being. Grounding is an important therapeutic approach for managing anxiety, flashbacks, symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder and for improving your mental health. Grounding strengthens your parasympathetic response this is your body's natural ability to return to calm. This parasympathetic response counteracts the fight, flight or freeze response. PTSD and other anxiety disorders are disordered in their essence because you're feeling like you're in danger when you're actually safe. So your body's having this danger response this fight flight freeze response when you're present moment experience is actually safe and that's one reason why they are disordered. Anxiety is often about worries about the future- what might happen. And depression is often about discouragement about the past. And both of these can be counteracted with an increase in our ability to be here in the present moment. Most of the time our present moment is a safe and secure environment if it's not we need to leave so we need to create a safe and secure environment in our present moment. But grounding activities help us activate that safe feeling in our brain by reminding ourselves that here in the present moment we are safe. When we're grounded and calm were able to work through emotions and memories in a healthy way. Our body has a natural ability to resolve trauma or to work through emotions, but when we're panicked or in our fight flight freeze danger response our brain shuts down those abilities because it thinks that our survival is at stake. We can train ourselves to trigger this calming response by practicing grounding activities. It's important to practice these exercises over and over again so that they become habitual and we can draw on them in moments of stress or anxiety. Many of the grounding activities that I'm going to teach you use your body as a way to create that sense of calm so these are physiological grounding skills. This is called a bottom-up approach bottom-up meaning we go from the body to the brain instead of from the brain to itself and this makes sense because most of us aren't able to think ourselves calm. Like if you're stressed out and you say "Don't be anxious! Don't be anxious!" that like never works we can never actually tell ourselves to calm down by just forcing it from the top down. That's partly because our brain, when it feels threatened, it reacts at a very animalistic level it's using this deep part of our brain in the limbic system and the brainstem to react impulsively or instinctively to danger. So this makes a lot of sense this is a really functional reaction. So if a tiger jumps out at you you're not going to be using your thinking part of your brain to be like "Hmm I wonder what I should do with this?" your body's gonna naturally and instinctively gonna run away. So it's gonna have this physiological reaction this fight flight freeze response. It turns up your heart rate and it turns up your breathing rate. Since we can't access those deeper survival parts of our brain with our thoughts the best way to access that calm is through our body. So this is called a bottom-up approach to grounding. Our five senses anchor us to our body and our surroundings. Using this bottom-up approach is a much more effective way to treat anxiety and stress than trying to simply change how we think. And by creating that physiological calm we're able to lay the foundation for future cognitive work. Many of these activities focus on our breathing and that's because our breathing is something that happens both automatically and we have some degree of control over so that can help trigger that change in the limbic system that we need to create that physiological calm. Grounding exercises help connect us to our body and help us reassert that sense of self control and they reorient us to the safe context that we're actually in in the present moment. One of the ways that we gain confidence in our ability to use these grounding exercises is by doing a check-in before and after the exercise and one way to do that is to do a quick scale. So before you do a grounding exercise scale your anxiety on a scale from zero to ten and then do your grounding activity and then just check in with yourself again afterwards and put yourself again on the scale from zero to ten. Now it's not necessary for you to decrease your anxiety every time. Sometimes a grounding activity is just about increasing your awareness and your contact with the present moment. But if you do these consistently you will notice a gradual pattern of decreasing your anxiety little by little. We need to be able to notice these small victories because they can add up to large gains over time. Another way you can look at the effects of these grounding activities is to ask yourself these questions before and after: What are you noticing in your body? What are you noticing with your breath? What's happening with your feelings? What's happening with your heart? and What's happening with your thoughts? During these grounding activities if at any point you need to take a break that's okay you can just pause the activity and then come back to it later. When you're initially learning these grounding exercises the best way to practice is when you're in a place that's quiet peaceful and calm. Don't wait until you're stressed out or in a chaotic environment to try them. And again it's important to practice these activities every day for a few weeks before trying to practice them in a stressful environment. The more you practice them the more habitual and instinctual they'll become and you can actually train yourself to calm your body down with just a thought or a word. As you get better and better at grounding you'll increase your confidence and ability to create that physiological calm even when you're in a stressful situation and you can gradually use your skills in more and more difficult situations to maintain that sense of calm that we all need to feel safe and happy. Over the next couple of months I'm making a bunch of grounding videos I hope they're helpful for you. Take time to practice them and please like, comment and subscribe. Thanks for watching and take care!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Randi-m1k8g [846 likes]: This is the channel I have been looking for. A well explained straight to the point exercise on decreasing anxiety. Great job! 

I'm practicing this for myself. As I can almost never behave in a social environment, and miss so many great opportunities.
  2. @Baha-Italia-GoddessBMW: Thank you. Your voice is also very calming just watching this is extremely grounding and helpful. Thank you.
  3. @jasonrios3120: My digestion tanks, severe constipation, bloating, water retention etc
  4. @kimberlyclayton4985: What if your brain is damaged
  5. @lucia3105: Histamine intolerance can trigger anxiety and panic attacks, as well as depression. I can attest to this from personal experience.
  6. @ImLLumino: ❤
  7. @lauriemtz8616: I’m already feeling stressed exhausted frustrated and discouraged. I was down on my knees crying to god because I feel so scared and shaky and there’s nothing to be afraid of. 😢
  8. @FurqanSadeeq-o8j: Hi everyone, I hope you all are doing well. I’m 23 years old living in Malaysia for the past 3 years. For the last 7 months, I’ve been feeling continuous heat in my body. Whenever I do any physical activity, the heat becomes worse, especially on my face and ears. I do not have fever; only air conditioning helps.

I have seen doctors more than 20 times and all my tests are normal:
	•	Thyroid: Normal
	•	Kidney function: Normal
	•	Lungs: Normal
	•	No diabetes
	•	No HIV
	•	No TB

The only issues found are:
	•	Slightly high cholesterol
	•	H. pylori infection
	•	Iron deficiency (ferritin 7)
	•	Vitamin D deficiency

I have completed 1 month of treatment and now I am taking multivitamins, but the symptoms are still the same.
I’m sharing here in case anyone has experienced something similar or knows what might help.
  9. @Gail-u3y: Would this help with chronic pain
  10. @Derpy_19: I'm here because I searched for a  video that would help me stop shaking like crazy when I play overwatch I started a year ago but couldnt play much because when I play (even a bit just  when I think of opening the game to play it) I'm super high on cortisol or something I start feeling super cold, the sides of my torso and hands start shaking from cold. I'm trying to reduce it for past few days and I think being in the present of your environment does help. Just wanted to share my weird situation.
  11. @SatwindersinghSaati-o9n: Please tell me that fight or flight mode and freeze mode are same if I treat freeze mode then fight or flight mode will increase
  12. @ashachetry6798: Does a person get amygdala hijeck in movement of hand sometime during fear
  13. @Jack-SecITGuy: Where's the actual technic? You described everythjng about grounding without actually hiw to do the exercise, did I miss it?
  14. @Nothingnothingnothing77: So what if we just take away the past and the future? Will we stuck in the present forever?
  15. @SusanJohnston: My friend’s daughter was attacked several years ago. She now has mental illness and such fight/flight that it’s unsafe. She’s on medication shot but sometimes doesn’t work for several days or stops working. She has jumped out of passenger side of car on highway and gets lost when she is driving. She’s better but has moments of agitation and aggression that is scary sometimes. She’s in her 20’s and is involved in a Christian Bible study group but they are older ( like her mom’s age). She has no Christian friends who can relate or just be friends. Can these exercises help her?❤❤❤
  16. @RussellWorkman: 7 years ago ? Really Lady ? > & YouTube ?
  17. @natzh-b4095: I have anxiety in the past but not as bad as what I have experienced over the last 3 months or so. Sometimes for no apparent reason or when I am under even a small amount of pressure, like responding to something urgent I need to do at work or even driving somewhere I need to be I feel this intense feeling, the best way to describe it is a really intense feeling of nervousness, it’s so strong I worry that I can’t cope or even even live with it. I don’t as far as I know get the other symptoms other than maybe some tightness of my chest and where I need to breathe more deeply because my breathing is shallower. I presume it’s my fight or flight response. I think it gradually came on due to worry and stress of illness of family. It comes and goes, but it normally comes back every day. My family members are ok now, does anyone know how long this overreactive fight or flight response can last for?
  18. @chrissanguedolce3338: Anyone else only focused on the dirty lamp??
  19. @mick0978: Im not generally an anxious person,  but I developed an issue the seemed to cement a flight or flight response that kicks in when I wake up. It was a result of something stressful at the the time that fed of the back of a fear. Although that hasn't been an issue for a couple of years Ive still got an automatic response that kicks in or my brain, even though tired and calm it kicks in as if being in my bed is dangerous and the slighted noise during the night from the neighbours and it kicks in. Im lying here calmly breathing, nothing wrong and my heart is pounding in my chest. So I get up, go into another room and meditate until tired, go into my bed relaxed and sleepy and before I know it my hearts pounding in my chest again which means i usually only get about 4 to 5 hours sleep most nights for the past few years. If I try and take anything that knocks me out my wake drive while fight it with a vengeance. It's a strange situation to say the least. 

I had a good few sleep issues before that with 5 years of a heavy oud broken security door next to my flat so some history of loud sudden noises stopping me from switching off so its likely fed off of that because I felt like I was sleeping like a prey animal as my brain was hyper vigalent in case the door  suddenly slammed shut with someone coming in or out the close at night
  20. @MrTmac2023: without going to far into depth in a youtube comment section. i feel like my body has been stuck in fight or flight for almost a decade.  these videos are the first step im taking to look into it further, NATURALLY.
Thank you for these types of videos specifically.

- Reduce Anxiety & Stress with the Physiological Sigh | Huberman Lab Quantal Clip: Kind: captions Language: en-US [dramatic music] - Billions of people suffer from stress and there are tools to combat stress that involve things like meditation, breath work, good nutrition, good social connections and avoiding all bad things in life. And while those are powerful, the problem is, they require that people step away from the stress inducing activity. By contrast, my lab and other laboratories have been very interested in developing tools that allow us to push back on stress. In other words, feel more calm in real time, meaning without having to disengage The best way that I am aware to do that is called the physiological sigh. A physiological sigh is a pattern of breathing that involves two inhales followed by an extended exhale. Physiological sighs were discovered in the 1930s, as a pattern of breathing that people go into spontaneously when they're in claustrophobic environments or in deep sleep, when there's a buildup of a gas called carbon dioxide in the blood stream. Carbon dioxide triggers the impulse to breathe. There are neurons in the brain that know when carbon dioxide levels have gotten too high. And when the levels get too high, they trigger inhale and exhale, or double inhale and exhale. Now you can do physiological sighs voluntarily, anytime you're feeling too stressed and you want to feel more calm. You do it like this. [breathing] So it's a double inhale. And typically, the first inhale is longer than the second but the second one is still important to do. And then a very long, extended exhale. Typically, both inhales are through the nose and the exhale is through the mouth. That's the most effective way to do the physiological sigh. However, you can't breathe through your nose or your mouth for whatever reason do it all through your mouth or all through your nose. The second inhale is really important because your lungs are not just two big bags of air. They're two big bags of air with lots of little sacks, millions of sacks. And if you were to lay out those sacks, their volume is as big as a tennis court. And that allows both the intake of more oxygen but also the offload of carbon dioxide. So when you do the double inhale, it reinflates any of these little sacks that have collapsed and in doing so, it allows you to offload more carbon dioxide. So if you're feeling stressed in any circumstance, inhale twice through the nose and then exhale long through the mouth, if you want, you can repeat it a second or even a third time, but typically, just one or two, maybe three physiological sighs are sufficient to bring your level of stress and alertness down very fast and allow you to feel more calm.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kangethethebosco [4 likes]: The intro was def stress inducing fr
  2. @anandallena6853 [2 likes]: Chat gpt brought me here. Initially i thought it never works, because its too simple. But the result was astonishing, my panic just went off and more importantly i am calmed down within 3 cycles ❤🎉
  3. @cmnEng [1 likes]: It's weird that my heartbeat always INCREASE doing this. Always. 

I do not have any heart issues that I am aware. But nonetheless I get calmer.
  4. @cominghometoyeshua [1 likes]: Used this when getting my collagen fillers yesterday and felt no pain. Lol
  5. @smilemaker3713 [1 likes]: I've used this technique for years thanks to Andrew and its helped tremendously. Referred this video to a direct supervisor of mine who means the world to me but is very stressed himself with underlying health issues. He is not only more calm but more receptive to critical feedback from our team.
  6. @unclemicky: Thank you for the excellent and useful information. Wish I knew that tool decades ago.
  7. @tamarindofishingreport: Same on the intro.
  8. @Breathflowconnection: The physiological sigh is one of the most underrated tools in the entire breathwork space. What makes it so effective is the mechanics. The double inhale reinflates collapsed alveoli in the lungs, maximizing the surface area for gas exchange. The extended exhale then offloads a large volume of CO2 in one breath. That CO2 drop is what creates the immediate calm. Your body reads the CO2 level as a signal for how stressed you are. Drop it quickly and the stress response follows. I use this with people in ice bath sessions before they enter the water. Five physiological sighs and you can watch their shoulders drop, their jaw unclench, and their heart rate come down. The beauty of this technique is that it works in one breath cycle. You do not need 10 minutes of meditation. You need one deliberate double inhale and a slow exhale. The body does the rest. For anyone dealing with acute anxiety or panic, this is the single fastest tool I have found in six years of breathwork facilitation.
  9. @PoojaSharma-jt9de: I am so grateful to Dr. Andrew Huberman for sharing this tool. After struggling for years, this helped me immensely to overcome panic attacks and anxiety and helped me feel empowered. Thank you so much!!!
  10. @Sam-rh3to: 16
  11. @КаринаМурлыкина-о9т: Thank you Andrew. Chat GPT reccomend me this video.
  12. @NataliiaFirsova: When I used to run, I came up with a breathing pattern of my own: breathe in, breathe in, breathe out. Now I learn it's called a physiological sigh. Wow
  13. @janalderton8644: This definitely has helped me! 
Thank-you, Andrew!
  14. @attesamuelsson3650: Andrew, thank you for this! I use this when something/someone triggers me so I can respond instead of reacting ❤🎉
  15. @vickibarker4586: THANK YOU!  Exactly what I needed.❤
  16. @RishiChatt: Really helpful 🙌🏻🙌🏻✨
  17. @Ninoluna1111: Thank you!❤
  18. @JackWo06: Thank you so much!❤
  19. @SanamOsama-h6q: This is a critical question: Which scientific resources have confirmed the effectiveness of this type of breathing in reducing anxiety or stress? Please cite the scientific resources.
  20. @SanamOsama-h6q: This is a critical question: Which scientific resources have confirmed the effectiveness of this type of breathing in reducing anxiety or stress?

- How Aircraft Leasing Works & Why Airlines Do It: Kind: captions Language: en how aircraft leasing works and why airlines do it we're used to assuming that if an airline paints an aircraft using its livery and operates it it must also own it the topic of aircraft leasing does not get the attention it deserves given its vitality and prevalence to the airline industry the incredible financial burden of obtaining brand new aircraft is so significant that virtually all airlines decide to lease at least some of their aircraft let's dive into the functionality of aircraft leasing if an airline wants to obtain a new plane they can either buy it or lease it let's imagine that qatar airways is willing to expand its operations and needs a new fleet of 10 boeing 787s to do so if they have enough cash or can obtain bank loans they can purchase the aircraft directly from boeing a list price for one brand new 7878 is around 240 million dollars so assuming qatar airways would get a good discount of 35 from boeing purchasing 10 brand new 787s would cost them 1.56 billion dollars the other option that qatar airways has is to lease those 787s for which the lease rate average sits at around 1 million dollars a month if qatar airways decides to retain cash and chooses to lease they can reach out to firms that specialize in commercial aircraft leasings such as avalon or assuming that qatar airways will also receive a discount of from g-cass they now only have to pay 78 million dollars per year for all 10 of the 787s if we imagine that the leasing contract will last for around 20 years its total value would be around 2.34 billion dollars in that way gcass can make a profit by leasing their airplanes while qatar airways manages to reduce its cash expenditures and retain liquidity in its business there's a huge variety with regards to types of leases and deals that airlines can make with the lessers firstly we should distinguish between wet dry and damp leases an example of a dry lease where a commercial airline takes aircraft from the leasing company for a set period of time in most cases the aircraft remains with the leasing company and the airline operates it using its own crew it's the most commonly known type of lease wet leases also known as acme occur more ad hoc when an airline demands additional aircraft to fill the gaps in their network the name acme acmi stands for aircraft crew maintenance insurance as all are provided by the lesser demand for acme deals was particularly strong once a portion of the global 787 fleet became grounded due to their trend engine issues these are usually short-term and total contract values are much less significant than those of dry leases damp leases particularly popular in the uk are when the letter like air belgium provides the aircraft flight crew and maintenance while the lessee provides the cabin crew other deals can take place between airlines and aircraft lessers a famous example is a sail and lease back deal those occur subsequently through aircraft purchased by the airline when said carrier sells its planes to a leasing firm and leases them back the most common reason for such transaction is to free up capital and obtain cash agreements as such happen quite regularly historically one such instance saw qatar airways make a sale and lease back deal for seven brand new a350s with gcas in 2017. we also saw cathay pacific and bok aviation make a sale and lease back deal covering six boeing triple seven 300 er jets just last month financially troubled carriers are more likely to do such deals as cash becomes more valuable for their short-term survival over the coming months we could see a significant amount of such deals taking place their size will only be constrained by the financial stability of the leasing companies with airlines desperately grasping for cash leasing firms with strong books can score some very beneficial contracts under normal circumstances leasing allows airlines to reduce their indebtedness helps with cash retention and greater financial agility paying a small fraction of the aircraft's value each month is a vital part of many airline strategies it's the only fleet financing solution that allows a dynamic expansion without huge capital expenditures which many airlines have recently benefited from whiz air wouldn't have achieved its impressive 253 growth in passenger numbers over the last eight years if it had at least 100 of its fleet recent dynamic growth of lot polish airlines indigo gold or fuelling was also fueled by aircraft leases these carriers now have over 70 of their planes leased if leasing provides airlines with so many benefits why would any airline even consider purchasing aircraft on their own well actually owning aircraft makes sense too firstly once the airplane gets grounded either due to a network planning issue or a global pandemic the airline doesn't have to continuously pay for its lease as it owns it outright additionally purchasing aircraft directly from manufacturers usually results in a lower total cost per aircraft obtained in times like today airlines such as lufthansa which owns eighty percent of its fleet can encumber their aircraft that is to obtain loans using their aircraft as collateral this option is so vital given current circumstances but many carriers globally currently do not have such an option if you like this video please like and subscribe to the simple flying channel and be sure to click the notification bell

  Top Comments:
  1. @makmoeen [1 likes]: Can we putted down the amount wothout shareprice 

It is that is possible?
  2. @Ayden2008 [1 likes]: This is actually interesting, I did not know airlines could get leased aircraft
  3. @AtulBhatia [1 likes]: So, essentially like a home loan
  4. @axelmarrufo3504 [1 likes]: Damn thank you for the info
  5. @vickyjang5138 [1 likes]: Vietnam Airlines also Dry-Lease all of A350 and Most of B787
  6. @RASHEEDKHAN-hj4ze [1 likes]: Should airline operator pay dry lease money even if its grounded during covid or not flying period?
  7. @gavinparmar5397 [1 likes]: Another reason is if an airline needs a small number of aircraft, say 15 Boeing 737MAX8 jets, it won't a large discount like the buyer of 100 or 200 aircraft. By leasing from Avalon or GECAS, the lease company will get the large volume discount and the small quantity buyer will get a lower unit price than if they were to buy the aircraft on their own.  Secondly, if the small quantity buyer intends to upsize their fleet to a MAX9 at a later date, say within ten years, the leasing company will often allow them to do in their contract.  Owning these aircraft outright, often makes trading up to a larger size of aircraft much more expensive and sometimes cost prohibitive for the small scale buyer.
  8. @makmoeen: Boeing and Airbus is worthy for the last 7years
  9. @smithbarney-q8p: Will Canadain Airlines Leasing American Aircraft from USA leasing Company be subject to the Twenty Five Per Cent Tarrif on the lease
Say West Jet and Air Canade and G- Cass
  10. @SallayLimba: Thank you for  sharing
  11. @hschetana: This helped me to understand the concept of leasing with good example. Thank you. 

Am interested in understanding this process and leasing finance companies
  12. @BlackGold2012: Very informative..bravo 😊
  13. @norfolkandchance9298: Very annoying. Sound keeps breaking and the guy sounds he is stuttering
  14. @yanben7952: At 2023, with very risky conditions in aviation industry, no place for airlines companies to buy new aircrafts, the most "safest" way today is to operate by ACMI model, only if you are gaint airlines you can allow your self to buy aircraft.  I think 40% of the market today operates by ACMI model
  15. @jeffayoe7468: anyone know why the 787 at 1:12 has forward leaning mlg?
  16. @RUNDMC-555: I think main reason is tax or accounting related.
  17. @saud892: 3:40

Saudi Airlines also made a sale and lease-back deal on its Boeing 747-8F
  18. @malaysia_airlines0828: O
  19. @moriver3857: Leasebacks are also popular in corporate aviation , in the U$S 30 million and above aircraft's, like Global Express, G450/550/650 line, Falcon 900, 7X, etc. In most cases, it makes perfect economical sense. Good show.
  20. @fjp3305: What I never understood is why a airline would sell a B-767 for, let's say, $20 million and pay $200 for a B-787 to replace it.
It doesn't make sense to me. And a cargo company would buy that B-767 and make money.

- Best practice for valuing an aviation asset: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm George Dermot Jeff and I'm head of valuations for ascend by cerium ascend by cerium and his predecessors under several different names have been appraising aircraft since 1965 so we've been in the business for quite a long time and I think one of the benefits of having such a long track record of valuations is that we have a lot of historical data in fact for most aircraft types today we have historical values data going back to birth so back to the day that the first aircraft of that type entered service this comprehensive set of historical data is really useful when it comes to forecasting future values of course as your financial adviser will tell you historical values or historical performance in itself is not a sole indicator of what future performance may be and that's where our other data sets and expertise come in however before we jump to future values let's talk a little bit about how we do our current market values we believe that in order to get an accurate valuation you need to capture as many data points as possible of comparable market transactions where they exist and this is where our global team comes in really handy we have offices in the asia-pacific region in Europe and in the Americas so we were able to capture a very diverse set of data points in fact last year we captured over 1600 lines of data now not all of these data points were sales transactions some of them were leases some of them were maintenance costs some of them might have been interior refurbishment costs but there were all inputs that helped directly or indirectly to determine an aircraft's value if we look pure Liat sales transactions out of that big data set we captured roughly 15% of all the aircraft that were actually sold in the market or we captured an approximate sale price for 15 percent of those aircraft it may seem like a small number but is actually considering the number of aircraft that are being traded annually it's quite a good sample size and this year we're actually on track to capture a similar if not greater number of data points a year to date so having all the as data is great but the next question is what do we do with it we have established a very thorough process for reviewing aircraft values and so we have something that we call the value review board it's more than one we have a value review board for commercial aircraft we have a value review board for business jets for helicopters and also for engines these value review boards go through a list of aircraft types so at the beginning of the year we create a schedule of all the aircraft types that need to have their value reviewed aircraft types that are more critical in the market that have bigger populations and they have a much higher number of investors involved with them get reviewed quarterly aircraft like the 737 and the a320 other less important types like a Saab 340 might only get reviewed twice here and completely niche types might only get reviewed once here but every aircraft type gets reviewed regularly and that's the scheduled review in addition to the scheduled review we also have ad hoc reviews if information comes in from our market intelligence that says that an aircraft type has traded at a point that's considerably considerably above or considerably below our market value we will bring it on to the next value review board and have it reviewed and these value review boards are held by weekly for commercial aircraft the key thing about these value review boards is that it's not just me it's not just a single person making all the decisions and this is where we really have an advantage over an appraiser who may be working on their own independently we discuss we debate and we very often disagree about value changes so the way it works as an individual put forward a value change proposal and then we debate that and we do we only pass it through if we have some sort of consensus among us as to what the value change should be which I think gives us accountability and it allows different points of view from different experts to be considered when it comes to future values we also have a pretty thorough process we look at all the historical data points that we have of how aircraft have depreciated into the in the past we take into account their depreciation against age time position in the production cycle and we do regression analysis to come up with curves that show the typical depreciation profile for the typical craft however that is only backward-looking we then take into account what happens in the future with things such as GDP growth oil price growth even new things that we're introducing such as potential emissions trading or emission charges or other changes in regulation we also take into account things that we know about that we'll do that are expected to come in the future such as big fleet rollovers that may result in values being different from the past we also carry out regular forecast accuracy analysis on our forecasts to check whether we've been right or wrong or how far we've been off and we then use the results of those analysis to try to improve our forecast going forward that's it in a nutshell I've only got four minutes but if you want to find out more please do contact one of us in the team and would be happy to give you a much longer session and explain in great detail how we do one of the things we pride ourselves in is we try to be fully transparent about our processing methodology so we're more than happy to share with you

- Own an ANG — The Smartest Aircraft Investment of 2026: Kind: captions Language: en The ANG aircraft is in high demand. Production&nbsp; slots for 2026 are almost fully booked. Prices&nbsp;&nbsp; are rising steadily — so acting early matters. The price of the ANG KIT today starts from just&nbsp;&nbsp; €180,000. And the price of a fully&nbsp; finished aircraft — from €350,000.&nbsp; That’s why more and more people&nbsp; are choosing ANG now — before&nbsp;&nbsp; prices increase and availability runs out. Because ANG is not just an aircraft — it’s&nbsp;&nbsp; a revolution in light aviation, and one of&nbsp; the smartest investments you can make today. While some people sit in traffic or wait for&nbsp; delayed flights, others are already flying.&nbsp; They meet partners face to face, visit&nbsp; their branches in person, expand their&nbsp;&nbsp; businesses, and still make it home for dinner.&nbsp; ANG represents a new era of movement&nbsp; — comfortable, fast, and safe. ANG is the best aircraft in its class. It’s a fully carbon-fiber aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; built for maximum strength, lightness, and&nbsp; aerodynamic precision. With an exceptional&nbsp;&nbsp; aerodynamic efficiency of 18.6, ANG delivers&nbsp; extraordinary flight performance — higher&nbsp;&nbsp; cruise speed, longer range, and lower fuel&nbsp; consumption than any competitor in its category.&nbsp; Its cabin is 15 to 30 centimeters wider than&nbsp; Cirrus, Cessna, or Piper, offering five real&nbsp;&nbsp; seats, not 3 and a half, and a spacious luggage&nbsp; compartment for business trips, golf bags,&nbsp;&nbsp; skis, or weekend escapes with family. Even with full fuel tanks,&nbsp;&nbsp; ANG can carry four adults and up to&nbsp; 80 kilograms of luggage — something&nbsp;&nbsp; no other aircraft in this class can do. Range — up to 2,500 kilometers. Cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; speed — between 300 and 370 kilometers per&nbsp; hour. Fuel consumption — only 10 to 12 liters&nbsp;&nbsp; per 100 kilometers. And it runs on regular&nbsp; automotive gasoline, not expensive avgas. The hourly flight cost is around 45 euros, while&nbsp; a Cirrus costs over 220 euros per hour.&nbsp; That’s up to five times cheaper to&nbsp; operate. And ANG is roughly three&nbsp;&nbsp; times more affordable to buy. A Cirrus SR22 or&nbsp; Diamond DA50 costs well over €1,200,000. ANG&nbsp;&nbsp; pricing starts at €250,000 for a KIT with the&nbsp; Rotax 916, and €370,000–€400,000 for a fully&nbsp;&nbsp; finished aircraft with a ballistic parachute,&nbsp; glass cockpit, and avionics of your choice.&nbsp; Why is it so much more affordable? Because ANG&nbsp; is a next-generation smart KIT project. The&nbsp;&nbsp; fuselage, wings, and tail surfaces are already&nbsp; factory-built with millimeter precision. From&nbsp;&nbsp; there, you choose: complete the aircraft yourself&nbsp; under engineer supervision, or let our team finish&nbsp;&nbsp; it for you at an official ANG Build-Assist&nbsp; Center. The result is factory-level assembly&nbsp;&nbsp; quality guaranteed by the manufacturer —&nbsp; without paying for mass-production overhead. And that’s not all.&nbsp; ANG owners are now forming an international&nbsp; community. By owning one, you can also&nbsp;&nbsp; represent the brand in your region and earn&nbsp; profit by showcasing the aircraft to others.&nbsp; We are building a global network of dealers and&nbsp; agents. So, along with ownership, you can become&nbsp;&nbsp; an official ANG Europe representative or&nbsp; even an exclusive dealer in your country.&nbsp; It’s not just a purchase&nbsp; it’s a business opportunity. ANG saves your time, money, and energy. ✔ It accelerates your business — you reach&nbsp;&nbsp; clients personally. ✔ It boosts your efficiency&nbsp; — you arrive fresh and ready, not exhausted. ✔&nbsp;&nbsp; It improves your lifestyle — more freedom,&nbsp; more time for your family, more adventure. And here’s something even more&nbsp; unique — ANG doesn’t lose value.&nbsp; While Cirrus, Cessna, and Piper lose 15&nbsp; to 20% per year, ANG does the opposite.&nbsp; Demand keeps growing, the waiting list is&nbsp; already up to 18 months, and finished aircraft&nbsp;&nbsp; built in certified centers are now selling&nbsp; for more than their original purchase price.&nbsp; It’s a rare investment — an&nbsp; aircraft that actually appreciates. ANG is more than transportation. It’s a lifestyle,&nbsp; a statement, and a symbol of independence.&nbsp; Breakfast in Madrid, lunch&nbsp; in Milan, dinner back home.&nbsp; It’s not a dream — it’s the reality of 2026. But every month, prices go up and production&nbsp; capacity is limited. If you’ve been thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; about ANG — now is the right time to act. While others are still waiting for their&nbsp;&nbsp; flights, you could already be&nbsp; flying toward new opportunities. ANG — The Smartest Aircraft Investment for&nbsp; 2026. Fly smarter. Live greater. Own an ANG.&nbsp; Learn more at angeurope.com and&nbsp; reserve your 2026 slot today.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Extra400Galatea [2 likes]: And here they are again... churning AI-voiced bullshit. This is a scam... and most comments you will see flourishing here are "made to order". This is NOT a 200 knot aircraft and it will NOT take you on business trips. It does not have anywhere near the capability. ANG should adjust down from "soviet style propaganda" to honest marketing.
  2. @trungson6604 [1 likes]: Looks very good and much more affordable than anything comparable.  Here's hoping that ANG will install a good autopilot to avoid pilot-error crashes.  There have been too many crashes of Cirrus SR-22 and other GA aircraft recently due to pilot errors.  We now have excellent AI technology to control the aircraft from take-off to landing to avoid pilot errors due to spacial disorientation or stall-spin due to heavy navigational work load.  The $25k Shahed military drones can travel for over 1,000 km to arrive with pin-point accuracy, and even the $400 DJI drones can fly all by itself on pre-programmed courses and come back to exact starting location with pin-point accuracy, yet general aviation aircraft kept having missed-approach or unstable approach resulting in fatal crashes regularly.  PLEASE HELP !

- 5 Stocks for Investing in the Aviation Sector | After Hours: Kind: captions Language: en You must have noticed that airports are crowded these days. Passengers are facing issues due to this, but airport authorities and airlines are also facing many issues. Now, we will discuss what solutions are emerging for this and what trends are prevailing. We will also discuss some stocks in which you can invest in the aviation industry and earn some profit. First, passenger traffic is increasing significantly. New airplanes are being ordered for this. Along with this, there is a very good trend of digital transformation, in which they are digitally transforming everything, be it your boarding pass or separate gates at the entry gate. A lot is happening so that ultimately passengers get a good experience. Now, in fact, you must have seen that connectivity is coming even in emerging markets, such as very remote areas where it is very difficult to reach. As these trends increase and companies adapt all these things, their customer base will increase. Customer experience All these things will improve. Ultimately, profits will increase. Whatever this company does, it will see profits, of course. Now, here are some companies that I think can grow within the aviation sector in the next five years. First is InterGlobe Aviation Indigo. The way they have faced market challenges and the way they have implemented digital transformation within their brand has helped them dominate market share so far, and it seems they may continue to do so in the future as well. Next is GVK Power & Infrastructure Limited. It has evolved within airport infrastructure and has directly benefited from the growth of the overall aviation sector. It has also expanded significantly. So, this is also a stock you can watch for the long term. Next is Nage Aerospace & Aviation Limited. As the manufacturing of new aircraft and the demand for their maintenance are increasing, there is a good chance of growth in their business due to this increasing demand. So, you can keep an eye on this as well. Next is Taal Enterprises. They have positioned themselves in such a way that they can bring technological advancements to all their aircraft. This is their USP, due to which I believe their share price may also increase in the coming time. Next is Global Vectra Helicopters Limited. They specialize in helicopter services. As market trends are changing, the need for connectivity is increasing rapidly, and the need for market expansion is also increasing. It is not necessary that an airplane can go everywhere. Helicopters are also very much needed. For example, to a Devi temple, one can reach there only by helicopter. So, I believe this is also a company that can grow very well in the coming time. So that was all for this video. I hope you have got an idea about the stocks that can grow in the aviation sector. These are not the only stocks, but there are also some other stocks that you can keep an eye on. There is SpiceJet, your Jat Airways, and other airlines. There are companies, keep an eye on their stocks, see what kind of movements are taking place and I think that if you pay a little attention to the stocks that I mentioned and do a little research, then in the long term a [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nayan-hg7zn [3 likes]: Sir aaki videos bhaut informative aisi videos banana

- Buy an Aircraft and Make Money!: Kind: captions Language: en making money with your aircraft now you've probably just got an aircraft or you're considering purchasing an aircraft this video is to share some ideas that you can make money with your aircraft a lot of people don't think about this when they're thinking about an aircraft they're looking at the prices and the prices have gone up incredibly recently as of late prices are going through the roof just like the car market the economy is taking these prices and increasing them and the interesting thing about Aviation is that planes that usually appreciate in value so it may be a while before those prices come down either way right if you're looking at a plane and you're looking at these prices there are ways to subsidize the costs and the operational costs of these aircraft by making money with your aircraft now the first way that you can make money with your aircraft is by leasing it back to a flight school now this method not so many people like because you know there are some downsides which we'll go through but effectively what will happen is that your plane you're going to take it you're going to go up to a flight school you're going to say hey I will lease you my plane whether it's a common train or aircraft a Cessna 172 maybe a Piper Cherokee maybe a Garmin tiger something along those lines you say hey I will lease you back in my plane and we'll go into a profit sharing agreement where you and the owner of the flight school agree to share the profits from renting your plane to students now this comes with some bad sides and as you can imagine flight schools they're not really nice to the aircraft because it's a training environment right A lot of people are training they're learning to land for the first time so this can cause damage here and there and now word becomes mixes when who is liable for the damage so before you enter agreement like this you want to make sure that you have laid it out in the contract that you stated with the owner operator of the flight school who is going to be liable for any damages to the aircraft that is very important and if you can accept that right um you know you may get a plane that may have dents or damages or maybe the upholstery inside the aircraft may get a little bit damaged over time because you have people hopping in and out all day right and then also you have to be mindful maybe you may not have access to the plane so you need to lay those things out in the contract that you do with the flight school what does the access looks like right how much access can you get to your aircraft at what time how much notice do you have to give to the flight school if you want to go on a vacation with your family because the point of having a plane on your own is so that you can fly on your own time and your own schedule and leasing it back to a flight school kind of takes the point away of that right so it's very important to keep that in mind when leasing back to a flight school another way people don't think about is starting a flight club you can start a non-profit organization as a flight club surrounding your aircraft a lot of people they make an organization following their end number right the the LLC is their end number which is very very interesting um and this method is really cool because you can get partners or you can get people to help maintain and keep operating your aircraft now Flight Club is a different type of culture from a flight school now it comes with some of the same downsides because people are in and out of your plane however there's more of a culture of this is a shared ownership rather than something where it's just used for training now in a flight club yes you're going to have people that will come into the flight club and they will be primarily interested in training and yes they're going to be kind of beating up the plane however it's still the same culture of hey we own we have a shared ownership of this aircraft and we want to treat it as our own and you want to live that Foundation out when you're creating the bylaws or the laws governing your flight club now flight clubs are really fun because it's more of an atmosphere again of aircraft ownership where you guys are all coming together like-minded individuals all love Aviation for one purpose to Fly for Fun you can organize events you guys can go places together whenever you feel like you want to go from point A to point B now it's totally up to you how you want to structure this a lot of flight clubs some flight clubs they go the route of everyone has a legal ownership in the aircraft meaning that everybody puts a down payment on the aircraft everybody pays for maintenance everybody pays for repairs right so it's like a complete share or maybe the traditional type of Flight Club where it's monthly membership fees hourly rates yet there's only one person who holds the legal rights to the aircraft now depending on how much control that you want over the aircraft that's totally up to you but that significantly reduces the cost of aircraft ownership and makes it more accessible for you and everybody involved now another way to make money with the aircraft is if you have your CFI right this is a great goal for anybody to go towards I mean as a aircraft owner you probably are aware of the insane Insurance costs to keep up with your aircraft but you can reduce that insurance cost by your additional ratings now if you decide to go and get your CFI or your double I that will reduce your insurance costs significantly based off of the agreement that you have and that may be advantageous now because of that you may be able to offer lessons and help people learn how to fly in your own aircraft that is your own business you're taking all the profits compared to a flight school the flight school is taking a cut of the cfi's paycheck but if you own your own aircraft you're getting the full paycheck of a CFI the going rate in your area and I know out in the californias it's upwards of like eighty dollars per hour just for a CFI and you know in the New York area there's charging relatively the same thing where I'm at right now so you get to take that full take-home profit and also get to put it back into the aircraft ownership experience now you are going to be the primary CFI you have to go go out and you have to get your clients that may be the hard part up front it may take you some time to go and get those clients however it pays back in the end when you're able to teach out of your own plane you're able to fly your own plane and you're first hand ensuring that your own aircraft is being taken care of by your student now this next tip may take a little bit of money up front but I think it's worth exploring I haven't really seen it that often but if you get the appropriate part certificate for this operation you can probably fit your aircraft to Banner toe now are you going to need staff you're going to need a couple of other individuals to help you set up for this but if you already have an aircraft and you want you can fit it for Banner Towing operations now this is a field where you need to have a little bit more experience you need to know what you're doing and it's best to kind of go under an operation before starting your own but it is a potential Avenue that someone with their own aircraft can explore again this involves a lot of investment and involves making websites starting a business that's surrounding advertising and marketing and understanding what the rules are within this part operation but it is something that you can explore it is a way to make money with your aircraft and on that same theme going through the part operations you can also do Scenic tours if you want if you have your commercial license and you get again if you get the appropriate part operation for this you can do Scenic tours depending on where you are at if you aren't in the big cities like Miami New York California and you have sites that you can fly around you can tour you can show people you can be a single operator of a Scenic operation now I think this is really cool because you get to see the smiles on people's faces right taking people up wherever it may be down the coast or maybe down the Hudson Corridor if you're in the New York area maybe in Miami if you're flying low over the Miami Coast I've even seen over by the Great Lakes some people do tours around the Great Lakes some people down south do tours around the Gulf of Mexico depending wherever you're at if you have a landmark or if you have nice Scenic opportunities this may be worth exploring now the tough part about this it's a business right so you may have to invest in a website invest in people to take Halls except a schedule and maybe you would have to work around a tight schedule for wherever you want to fly but it is an Avenue where it allows you to fly your plane and yet still hold operational control over the quality and how you fly the plane and just bringing a good experience to other customers now the last suggest question I have for this video it may be a little bit more of an orthodox method but it's this right if you have an aircraft you have an ability to share the life of what ownership is like and through mediums like YouTube through social media whether it may be tick tock these are really great Avenues to make income and I think that being an aircraft owner puts you in a very unique position to give people who don't otherwise have the opportunity to see through that lens a little bit of a glance of what this life is like right whether it may be short clips of Landings here and there or whether it may be long approaches right instrument approaches maybe it's content surrounding aircraft ownership and what those costs look like creating content with an aircraft is an Avenue that you can explore right I've seen other people do it and they make a return on their investment you don't need a part operation a part certificate for this type of flying just recording content talking about your aircraft but it's an Avenue and it's really attractive these days on social media especially with how rare aircraft ownership is and maybe an opportunity for you to explore again you have to be the right type of person for this if you're outgoing if you like being in front of a camera or or if you don't want to be in front of the camera you can provide commentary but creating content surrounding aircraft ownership whether it may be again short tick tocks or long form content on YouTube is an Avenue that you can explore and that's it those are the six ways that I think that you can explore making a return on your investment now you know if you own a plane or want to own a plane you know that there's a way to make a return on your investment making money with your aircraft there's a lot of ways to explore out there I hope you have success with whichever path you choose my name is Michael Colley I hope you enjoyed this video I hope it cleared up a little bit of the path of how to make money with your aircraft if you like this video feel free to like it if you want any more of this content feel free to subscribe check out some of my other videos and I hope to see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @cjpatz [3 likes]: Thanks for the info.  I was working on my pilots license, but my current job makes scheduling difficult.  Was thinking of just buying a plane for now, and have it make passive income so I can work again on getting my license.
  2. @YoungWinter4789 [2 likes]: my dream job would be to have a to do sightseeing flights and some flight training, but oh god the certifications for it!
I live in duluth mn which is a very touristy city and there's more attractions up the north shore.
  3. @jalabi99 [1 likes]: I'm a new subscriber. I'm glad I came across this channel - keep it up!
  4. @Linkee33 [1 likes]: This video was right on time for me.   I’m thinking of doing just this to help defray the costs associated with maintaining my plane.  Thanks so much!
  5. @SkeenCharles [1 likes]: Good ideas! Good video.
  6. @joshlower1 [1 likes]: Buy a plane, go broke
  7. @ws90ninety: American Made.
  8. @loaf_pincher: I want to be an owner, but for me, it's cost prohibitive. I would love to learn.
  9. @JamesWilliamson-w8y: Here's 1 way. Back in 1991 I was in Akron Ohio where I bought a 1978 Piper PA38 Tomahawk. 2400 Hours total, 400 hours on the engine. Cost $15,500 at an exchange rate of £1 = $1.91 so cheap. I shipped it to the UK and put it on a PT CoA so I could legally use it to earn money. I leased it to a flying school at Shoreham. They had an all C.152 fleet so I gave their students choice and an aircraft cleared for deliberate spinning unlike the C.152. It proved popular and the aircraft averaged about 70 Hours per month. My break even point was 22 hours per month. The flying club was happy, no capital outlay, the student appreciated the choice and I used it to get my PPL. Just a phone call to check my lesson didn't clash with a paying student. A good result all round. Eventually I sold the aircraft but I know that it is still teaching students in Germany. Only draw back was that I had to find the Capital to finance the plan.

Today you won't match my buying price but the idea is still do-able.
  10. @MarioCastro-x6i: where you at in NY ? I  would like to come and fly with you. Looking to get my IFR rating.
  11. @Richard_Muschette3009: Hey Michael thanks for the concise and insightful information here on your 6 imperative concepts in this video of owning an aircraft. Your expression here has given me thorough inspiration going forward.
  12. @stewie84: Who is liable?? Carry insurance, the school needs to carry insurance, and require the students to carry insurance.
  13. @thelastboomer9088: Cheaper to pimp out chicks but, more headaches.
  14. @justinwilliam5693: Hey Michael, I've been reading lately that planes depreciate in   values these days. What are your sources for appreciation?
  15. @BuildingOuttaCrisis: 🎉
  16. @livewithmunia2933: How to sell an airplane? Cessna?
  17. @Glen-g1d: 🎉🎉 freedom!!❤❤
  18. @JovialPlanet: Thanks Bud
  19. @dderuy: I Like it!
  20. @DavidBerquist334: Does a Boeing 727 100 go up or down in value
How much does simulator time costs for the Boeing 727 100

- The Doctor's Five Rules of Flying: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to this episode of the lessons from the cockpit podcast this is episode number 49 and I've been doing this a year now isn't that incredible on the lessons from the cockpit show we debrief some of the most incredible Pilots aviators maintainers and Aviation enthusiasts from all over the world our purpose is to hear their stories but more importantly what did they learn from these extraordinary and extreme military commercial and even private Aviation experiences our discussion gives our listeners a better understanding of how does the aviation world work and improves critical thinking skills both in the air and on the ground we also give a lot of our veterans an opportunity to tell their stories and you are hearing some of them on the lessons from the cockpit show for the very first time this episode is sponsored by wall pilot Custom Aviation art for the walls of your home office or hanger go to our website wall pilot.com and take a look at some of the ready to print graphics that are on vinyl we also do custom orders so please go take a look at some of these and order one or two of these really detailed prints for the walls of your home office or hanger I recently started a Tik Tok page and I'm just putting up 15 to 17 second videos in 50 days since I started this I have 18 million views so go by at Mark haera and take a look at some of the things that I've posted there on today's show I want to talk to you about one of my flight instructors flying the Great t38 White Rocket I wish I knew where this guy was I would love to talk to him again but today I'm going to give you his five Commandments of flying that apply not only to being in the air but also to your personal life so grab an adult beverage of your choice sit down strap in and let's begin the lessons from the cockpit show and talk about the doctors five Commandments of flying I've told all of you I wanted to be an Air Force pilot since I was 5 years old I was an airplane nerd throughout Elementary School High School built model planes read every book on famous aviators I could my grade suffered because of that but I wanted to fly planes it's my passion and those of you have listen to this podcast long enough know that I'm very passionate about Aviation I went to Brig Young University got the catalog in my hands for the classes and I said what will get me out of here the fastest and it happened to be political science majoring in National Security of all things I thought cool I can do one paper and hand it to my RC instructor and to my professors work smarter not harder I've always been told well it came time to compete for an Air Force pilot slot and timing is everything I came into the air force during the Reagan buildup and we had 21 RC Cadets in the year that I got my pilot slot who also got pilot slots I was euphoric knowing that I had a pilot slot also had to do is graduate and I was going to live my dream I got my assignment for pilot training to Vance air force base in Enid Oklahoma now if there's one thing about Oklahoma and Enid is is it's flat stand on a tunic can and see Chicago but one of the other cool things about flying there was the way the farms and were all laid out you had like a perfect grid underneath you which was great for pilot training and the other thing was you saw all four seasons spring summer winter fall you got to fly in all four seasons I was excited to go to Enid and Vance air force base and learn how to fly I showed up at Vance air force base in April ail of 1984 just excited as heck to be there watching t37 tweets taking off t38 taking off in the outside Runway smelling jet fumes hearing the noise I was so happy to be starting my dream and I ran into a brick wall I struggled through t37s I almost didn't make it through t37s the primary phase of instruction here I'd want to be a pilot all this time I actually went to an 88 ride which is an evaluation of can this person make it through fortunately I did really really well on this 88 R and got to continue but I got what was called wash back I went back a class because there was no way for me to catch up with the rest of the class had a great instructor when I washed back Lieutenant Dan and he was very patient with me and got me through the t37 phase got into t-38s all excited your very first ride in t-38s back then was your super IC ride and I thought this is going to be great didn't hear a thing didn't see a thing just saw the air speed indicator at the mock number and that was it it was kind of a let down but I was flying in t-38s and it was incredible the power that that thing has when it takes off an After Burner and you just go and go and go in that jet in my flight of instructors a captain who had come back to Enid Oklahoma to Vance to be a second assignment instructor and he was the assistant flight Commander this gentleman's name was Captain Marcus Carlton and we called him the doctor he got the nickname the doctor because if there was a student that was having trouble like I was he could pretty much tune you up and get you going on the program he was an incredible instructor and all of us that went through Vance at that time period that were in my group of students still remember Captain Marcus Carlton I wish I knew where he was he went from Vance back to the bombers and I understand he was in the B2 Community for a while but I lost complete track of him in my air force career and I wish I could find him if there are some of you out there that know where retired Colonel Marcus Carlton the doctor is please please email me and let me know cuz I would love to have him on as a guest because he was a real character too he played hard when it was time to play hard but he worked hard when it was time to work hard I'll never forget at our assignment night we all came into the club and of course a lot of people were very happy with their assignments I was kind of happy with mine I didn't know where P's Air Force Base was and Marcus Carlton the doctor came up to me with a CS box on his head with holes in the box so that he could see where he was going what he was doing this is the kind of guy he was and he asked me he says well what do you think about your new assignment I said well I think it's good you know he goes what do you mean you think it's good and I said Captain Carlton I put peas down simply because it was on the East Coast near a beach they told me I had to have a East Coast base and that's the one I put down and he told me something he got really serious and he looked at me like you you do you have any idea where you're going I go no I really don't P's Air Force Base it's on the east coast near a beach it's got a tanker Squadron and an fb11 Squadron and he said to me I would kill or sell one of my kids to go to P's Air Force Base and be part of the fb11 program there and I said are you serious he goes I am dead serious Sluggo you're going to a great great assignment 50 minutes north of Boston two squadrons of FB 111s tankers you're going to love being there he said are you a seafood eater no I'm not he goes you're going to learn because there's Lobster up there like you can't believe you have a great assignment and he congratulated me on being selected to go to P's Air Force Base and Casey 13 and sure enough folks when I got up there P's was a fantastic assignment every third week we were on nuclear alert you could pretty much plan your schedule by that we had great off-station training events that we could actually put paperwork in take a KC 135 anywhere in the United States and the Caribbean and go train for a week refueling FB 1111s or b52s or Fighters or whatever but we had a lot of business efforts that we would go to Texas refuel c-141s that were out of Altus just it was a wonderful base a great place to for a first assignment and like I said it was a great seafood place I'm still not a seafood eater probably never will be that's okay I've gotten over it I'll never forget flying with him because I always learned something even on rides that I failed at least I came away with the right tools to fix what was wrong because I was flying with the doctor as we called him the one instructor pilot that we all knew could fix any student and here's what's so great about his teaching technique you'd go into his office and sit down and debrief the flight and behind him on the wall was this great big huge framed piece of paper and on that framed piece of paper was his five Commandments of flying his five rules of flank and what he would do is he would sit down with you and he' say okay which one of these did you violate today and he had this great big long pointer that he would use to point at the ones that you violated that day and I can still picture sitting in a chair across from him and him saying okay which ones did you violate on the other hand too he would say which one of these did you do really really good today in and that's how he would debrief but you know what through my entire Air Force career I have never forgot those five rules of flying that Captain Marcus Carlton the doctor had on his wall framed behind him and here's what those five rules are and I'm going to give you some stories of how we use these things and also kind of relate them to in some of the experience I've had in my personal life where these things have applied at the top of his list the very first rule was only three words fly the jet and that was the one area most students busted a ride in or failed a ride you'd get a little pink sheet of paper that would go in your Gradebook if you busted a ride fly the jet obviously this is a very big category because there's a lots of things that you can do where you can violate that rule of not flying the Jet and I'll give you an example I moved over to t-38s in about the fall early winter time frame of 1984 so the weather is not real good on some days obviously it's cold you know you're in the PLS but the one thing about the t38 at this time period is we had old electr mechanical instruments we didn't have the multi-function displays like you see in cockpits now that are incredible situational awareness builders that have all of the airports and all the boundaries shows the flight path of the airplane has all the information about altitude air speed heading drift angle all of that you had none of that in the t38 when I was flying in 1984 so you had to build an incredible picture in your mind of where you at and be able to maneuver in the training areas based on what that mental picture looked like and in the t38 at Vance Air Force Base our training area was called The Tubes the tubes were defined by Compass radials off of the Vance tachan and DME distance measuring equipment so what ended up happening was you had a semicircle at say 40 Mi and another one say at 70 Mi and each one of the tubes was broken into sections by a particular electronic radial off of the vortex and you moved through the tubes and you only had a certain amount of time that you could stay inside a certain section of the tubes and then you had to move because there was more students coming in behind you so you were constantly moving through this tubular area with these walls that were radials and distance from the vance vortek the other boundaries were obviously altitude so this is how I remember the tubes the floor if I remember right was at 14,000 ft and the ceiling I think was at 26,000 ft the East wall was if I remember right at about 40 DME the West Wall was like at 80 or 9 90 DME and then there was about 20 to 25° between each radial that started at the top of the tube and then 20° radials farther down was that one section and then you'd have a complete another section beginning the same way 20 to 30 radial wide with that 40 to 90 East West wall and the floor being 14 to 26,000 ft moving about every 10 minutes from each one of the play areas to the next play area to the next play area and you'd start at the top move through four or five of these sections and then you'd come back to the pattern and do pattern work and then you'd land after about an hour 15 minutes which is like a 1.3 in the t38 but you have to remember you're going 500 miles an hour you're pulling 6GS in formation you had to make this mental picture in your mind of what each play pen section look like without having the electronics that we have now of a flat screen display showing you where all the boundaries are where all of the floors and ceilings are so it was very tough to keep up with this going that fast but I was able to do it most of the time I mentioned that underneath a was this flat farmland and every one of the roads out there made exactly a Mile Square so that was another reference that we could use to figure out where we were at unless there was weather and on one particular day we had weather out there and my brain got stuck I could not picture where I was because I was having a hard time seeing what was below us what was around us and we were told to come back to Vance and to do that you had to fly through all the different sections go to the exit point at the bottom and then fly back I got lost and I forgot fly the jet and I had actually busted down through the bottom of the altitude CU I wasn't watching what I was doing and the doctor said from the back seat where you going it's all he said where you going and and I knew right then I had to look at something cuz I was not in the right place and I had moved myself into the corner of this one tube section and was below 16,000 ft by about 500 and continuing down farther so I made the necessary correction into the center of the tube and then got myself all set up to come back in and land fortunately when we're coming back into land the weather did clear out but my brain was stuck on you just busted the ride you just went through the floor of the tubes you you just flunk the ride and it bothered me I wasn't flying the jet because flying is a lot of mental gymnastics and my pattern work suffered because of that fly the jet now there was one day where fly the jet became very important and I was flying with somebody else Captain Joe Drew I did the first touch and go Captain Drew took the airplane from me while we were on the runway we had just lifted off we're about 10 ft in the air when a fully mature red tailed hawk went down the right engine the emergency procedure for this is very simple and I can still remember it to this day throttle throttles Max flap 60% attain air speed above single engine takeoff speed 10 knots desired and again remember I'm doing this in 19 1984 or 1985 time frame I can still remember that that engine took itself apart we had this massive Flame come forward out of the intake when that red tailed hawk went into the fan blades and it bent the fan blades all up so that the engine began spinning and taking itself apart the book says that a compressor stall is a loud bang followed by a buzzing noise that doesn't even begin to tell you how loud that bangang is and how loud that buzzing noise is but I remember Joe Drew fly the jet and here's what he did put both throttles up into afterburner which pours a whole lot of gas into the good engine and you get air speed really quick the problem is this 10 knots desired single engine takeoff speed increase and the reason that's in the books is because when the gear come down the inboard gear doors come down and we could feel the airplane slow and I'll never forget Captain Drew going Go Baby Go baby go baby and once the inboard gear doors came up and the airplane was clean it took off like a rocket again but we had a lot to do in the airplane and he gave me the airplane to fly while he went through all the checklists because now now it's two pilots trying to get the airplane on the ground you're working to save the airplane and yes we read through the ejection checklist in case the other engine conked out because you cannot land a t38 without at least one engine going the hydraulic power required to drive the flight controls requires at least one engine you cannot Dead stick a t38 and now you're very concentrated on flying the airplane around the pattern watching altitude air speed working the checklist and getting ready to land the airplane on the center Runway which we did he did The Landing from the back seat we came off the end of the runway immediately looked out at the fire guys waiting for us and it's hot so both of us reached over to our right side of our helmets and flipped down the oxygen mask bayonet and our oxygen mask fell from our face that was a big mistake we both grabbed our oxygen mask and went oh and we just breathing really hard and he was saying from the back seat man that's a nasty smell man that's a nasty smell because we burned that Hawk up in the right engine which ran the air conditioning system which put a sour smell inside the cockpit and the fire marshal was outside and and saw both of us with our hands up to our face he goes are you guys okay are you guys okay he says yeah we're okay but man this stinks can we bring the canopies up he goes yeah sure and he cleared everybody out from underneath the airplane and we brought the canopies up and then just put our hands up on the on the Wind screens and on the canopies so that the fire guys knew we weren't touching anything inside the airplane that would activate like the flaps or the gear doors or anything and bunk them in the head fly the jet what does fly the the jet mean in your personal life like this emergency we all go through very hard times one of the hardest times my family went through as you heard on a previous episode was when my son had cancer Jeffrey made 58 trips to the University of Iowa Hospital in two months but all the other stuff is still going on around you my kids are going to school we have to feed them we have to take care of them we're still going to church we had Church callings all these different things and it made it very difficult to fly the jet because now we are in this intense medical emergency with Jeffrey and osteosarcoma you can't just ball up in a corner and say make it go away and there was a couple times where my wife was pretty mad at me because I wasn't flying the jet focus on your priorities ities make sure that the things that need to get done get done that you aren't busting through an altitude or going through a wall and don't let these incredible intense mental trials lock up your brain you still have to function you still have to keep going and we had to keep going even after Jeffrey died we still had a lot of stuff to do getting him here to Utah and burying him obviously was a big thing but our kids were going through a very rough time in their lives having lost their brother we had to continue flying our Jet and getting things arranged and taking care of our kids and taking care of the things that mattered most and that's why fly the jet is so important because if you crash the airplane running into the ground has a probability of kill of one you are probably going to die set your priorities set your focus maintain control of the airplane maintain control of your thought processes make your priorities and keep moving forward you may have to slow the jet down in order to handle all the issues that are going on but that's okay just maintain proper control let's move on to rule number two and that is instruments be your friend that was the doctor's second rule instruments are your friend I've already mentioned to you we had these old electromechanical instruments in the airplane not the great multi-function displays that give you a bird's eyee view of where you are at and everything around you and that's also how we navigated and I mentioned to you going through the tubes you had walls that were defined by miles away from the vance navigation Aid and radials and what you would do is you would dial in the next wall radial into your horizontal situation indicator so that you know as you move through it you were coming up to a wall and you looked at the distance measuring equipment and you knew how far east and west you could go one night while flying in the t38 one particular instrument became extremely important and that was a hydraulic pressure gauge and it's tiny it's really small in the t38 and it's one of those that you normally don't look at you kind of brush by it you look at all the engine instruments because that's your power you look at all the navigation and attitude instruments because that tells you if you're right set up upside down and where you are are in these training tubes but the hydraulic pressure gauge is a small gauge that if I remember right is between your legs down around your knees and we were flying at night again with the doctor in the back seat and we both noticed that one hydraulic system was at a red line I can't remember exactly what the pressure was but your book knowledge told you in your operating limits that if the hydraulic pressure went over a certain PSI it would heat up the hydraulic fluid and it would cause problems in the hydraulic flight controls and that red line had been reached and that meant that you possibly could lose your flight controls in an airplane capable of going 500 miles an hour and it says in the books land as soon as possible and so sure enough that pressure gauge stuck there and we could feel the flight controls getting a little mushy if I remember right and we're flying this at night so we had to declare an emergency and come back at night to Vance Air Force Base which meant we had to do an instrument Landing system ILS dial in the the course that you're going to fly watch the command bars as it brings you down on the ILS telling you turn left turn right go up go down holding power looking at all the gauges but still looking at that one hydraulic pressure gauge to make sure that we continue to have pressure in the airplane because in the t38 with no hydraulic pressure you have to eject get out of the plane cuz you'll lose the flight control system instruments are your friend and we had these old old instruments that we were using back then now current instruments I used to work at Rockwell Collins and the multi-function displays that we are putting in cockpits now are fabulous you have an incredible Bird's eyee view of where you are at and in some cases on some airplanes you have what's called enhanced vision systems that allow you to see down through bad weather when you're coming in for landing from seven or eight miles out from an infrared camera that actually projects that picture onto a piece of glass that's at ey level with the pilot like a heads up display you also have a virtual reality map that is overlaid on some of these that show you exactly what the terrain looks like around you I remember seeing coming into Salt Lake on one of these mfds and it showed you exactly where I-15 was where all the buildings were where all the roads were it was incredible but when I went through pilot training we didn't have that we've gotten much smarter at giving Pilots all the situational awareness that they need by creating wonderful monthy function displays that you see in the airplanes now but when I have that and you really had to build this mental picture in your mind based on what your instruments particularly your horizontal situation indicator was telling you now I will tell you the t38 has gone through a complete avionics upgrade and it now has these kinds of multi-function displays but when I first learned how to fly we didn't have those kinds of instruments when Captain Carlton was saying to me trust your instruments what he was trying to tell me was instruments are your your friend look down at them build the mental picture in your mind and be able to navigate through it it is so much easier now for Pilots to navigate anywhere in the world in almost any kind of a weather because of how far we've come with the instruments that we have in cockpits so let me tell you how good the instruments are now we had a simulator when I was working at Rockwell Collins which was called a reconfigurable cockpit they could move stuff around to kind of Judge what's the human factors of having this gauge here or this multi-function display here or four multifunction displays across it had the heads up guidance system that allows you to look out the the wind screen see where you're going it had the enhanced Vision system on it that would see down through the weather and it also had the artificial intelligence um map that would put all the buildings and stuff around you we use Jackson Hall Wyoming for our reconfigurable cockpit because you get all kinds of weather up there it's high in the mountains so you have pressure altitude problems you got to deal with and of course during the winter time it's got incredible snowstorms and I was flying the reconfigurable cockpit simulator into Jackson Hole Wyoming in the wintertime in a snowstorm it the simulator instructor was kind of showing off off what the instruments can tell you and how good they really are by making it snow outside when you are flying through snow to a Runway and you've got the landing lights on it looks just like you're making the the jump to light speed in all the Star Wars movies it can be very disorienting and it's really bright to fly an instrument Landing system ILS down to the runway now you have what's called dot in the hole alls you do is you keep this one dot in this hole that is centered on the landing area of the runway and you'll go right to it I was flying with all the systems up I had the enhanced Vision system so 7 to8 miles away from the runway in this snowstorm in the heads up guidance system piece of glass in front of me I could still see the runway and the lights everything because it gave me this infrared picture looking down through it I also had all the terrain around me I had a Terrain avoidance system that would tell me if there was terrain around me or I was going too low or I was off course or off Glide path all of these things were telling me if I was making any mistakes and I was able to come down in this airplane it mimics a 757 airliner put the airplane right on the runway and I did it manually I didn't do it with the autopilot on I did it flying the airplane manually because I had all of these tools that could tell me where I was course-wise or Glide slope wise or where my air speed was and what was the terrain around me and showed me the runway out in front of me it was really incredible and I flew through most of my Air Force career without these kinds of tools in the cockpit trusting your instruments has changed a lot since I was flying with Captain Carlton with those old electromechanical compared to these mfds we have now and almost every airplane even your little small Piper Cub can have one of these things Garmin makes all kinds of commercial off-the-shelf instruments that you can even put on on iPad for crying out loud now to help you navigate just real quick I also want you to remember the very first podcast I did back a year ago was aviate navigate and communicate all of these rules these five rules that the doctor has all fit into those aviate navigate communicate priorities so I I'll probably mention those as I go through here but now I can navigate from Roa Spain across Iceland across Greenland across the Hudson Bay land at Fairchild Air Force basee in Spokane Washington and I think our navigation systems were only off by 300 ft when I first came into the KC 135 with these old electr mechanical avionics instruments it wasn't uncommon for us to land and our inertial navigation system would be off by 2 to three miles instruments have come a very long way now the new guidelines with reduced separation there used to be 4,000 ft between two airplanes going east and west out over the ocean and now it's only 2,000 ft because the instruments have gotten a lot better you're only within a half mile of your Center Line and you're only within 100 to 150 ft of your altitude because these new instruments are so good at what they do third rule of flying was trim is like breathing whenever you make a control input to the airplane whether it be thrust or lateral Rudder whatever there is a way to trim that flight control service so it stays in that position and what that does it takes a lot of this pressure off of the stick or the yolk in your hands it is not uncommon for me to be in the pattern flying a KC 135 and I'm running the trim switch constantly as I'm pulling back the power I'm making trim inputs as I put the flaps down I'm trimming the airplane I put the gear down I'm trimming the airplane I'm leveling off at my cruising altitude I'm trimming the airplane so that the airplane flies straight sometimes that requires some Rudder trim I've actually flown a KC 1335 where the YW damper on the airplane was a little off and the nose would hunt about 2 degrees right or left and we could look in the back of the airplane where we had like our suit bags hanging in the back and you could see them swinging back and forth in the back of the airplane remember KC 13 5 came out in the 1950s and 60s it it doesn't have all of these great flyby wire flight Control Systems it's all cables and pulleys and everything that fly the airplane and I remember no F and looking back in the back of the airplane cuz my boom operator said hey look at how bent this airplane is and our suit bags were swinging back and forth because the airplane's nose was going back and forth we never wanted to take the series yaw damper off but we could put in just a little little bit of trim that would help the airplane fly with a straight nose but we were constantly trimming the elevator for different flight regimes whether it be in the pattern or land even on landing on Landing I'd put in two to four dits of trim boom boom boom boom boom boom with some trim to keep the nose about six to eight degrees above the horizon as the wheels would touch down we would run the trim to a neutral position during the touch and goes as the airplane was on the runway but as soon as we lifted off the nose we'd start trimming again as we made configuration changes in the airplane from flaps 50 to flaps 20 to gear up all those kinds of things and all that does is take pressure off of the stick or the yolk I'll tell you where this was really important and that was when I was flying with the doctor in formation formation was absolutely the funnest block of instruction in the t38 because you were doing wing tip formation like you see the Thunderbirds or the Blue Angels at an air show we were flying close Trail we were flying extended Trail we were flying rejoins doing all these things and you were trimming the airplane like crazy when you were flying in wing tip formation you're only 3 ft away 30° offset of the lead aircraft and when you are pulling and putting G on the airplane you're trimming when lead starts rolling and you start rolling with them to maintain that position you're using elevator trim and aileron trim to stay in position you want to keep that stick light in your hand so you'd come back from formation missions in the t38 and your thumb muscles were sore because you were just trimming like crazy and again in the pattern you're doing the same thing any configuration change required trimming the airplane and that's why Captain Carlton said trim is like breathing when you take a breath you trim you take another breath you trim the airplane you put the wheels down trim the airplane flaps down trim the airplane thrust reduction trim the airplane thrust increase trim the airplane you are constantly trimming the airplane and to keep the pressure off of the stick and the Yol every one of us has a lot of pressure on us right now there's a lot of things going on in the economy in our personal lives just World politics is just going crazy right now and folks I want you to remember to trim take some time off to go see a movie you can't stay in this intense environment without going nuts you have to change your scenery every once in a while you have to slow down every once in a while and again that requires some trim inputs sometimes that venting required food okay we've all had situations where we had to go out and get some comfort food and that's trimming the jet I love french fries particularly from Five Guys that's trimming my jet every once in a while to go out and have some Five Guys french fries but don't stay in this intense environment for very long and trim out all of those stick pressures in your life if you owe taxes go pay them off or figure out how to do it 85% of the decisions that you make should probably be made immediately just to get it out of the way trim your aircraft trim your life folks take all of these intense pressures and kind of move them to the side for a few minutes that is what trimming is all about in your personal life in my opinion number four this one's kind of funny but believe me it has a lot to do both in the airplane and with our personal lives and Rule Number Four is Radio Calls do not generate lift and what the good doctor means by this don't make a radio call when you need to be flying the Jet and concentrating on an emergency remember I told you the rules aviate navigate communicate communicates last for a reason problem is we are all social animals and we we want to talk we like to talk and there were so many times when I was making a radio call when I should have been concentrating on something in the airplane like my altitude or my air speed but I chose to talk instead Radio Calls do not generate lift they do not keep the airplane in the air they do not keep it moving forward they do not put lift under the wings it's a matter of priorities aviate and navigate are your first priorities and the primary rule of aviate is fly the jet make sure you're going the right direction the right altitude the right air speed and dealing with oh I've got an engine conking out because I just ate a red tailed hawk get the airplane up away from the ground clean the airplane up do all the checklist items and once you've got all that done then make the radio call we had what was called a Runway supervisory unit that was next to the landing area of the runway that always had one or two instructor pilots and one or two students once you were in the pattern the runway supervisory unit or the RSU basically was the control tower for the runway when we sucked that Hawk Down of course it made huge Flames out the front and out the back and the instructors in the RSU saw it but guess what they didn't make any Radio Calls to us cuz they knew we were busy getting the airplane up away from the ground off the Touch and Go cleaning up the airplane and doing checklist items once we had climbed out we're going up to pattern altitude then Captain Drew said hey Speedo we've had a bird strike we've had to shut down the right engine this is our plan we're going to go to outside downwind we're going to do all the checklist items that we have to do we're going to come in do a single engine Landing to a Full Stop AV navigate communicate telling Speedo that we had just ingested a bird right after we had done it was not a priority nor was it appropriate that is why the three words that help any Aviator get out of a sticky situation communication is last fly the jet back to a place where you can put the wheels on the ground tell everybody what your plan is now I can relate this to my personal life and I've talked about this in previous episode is God gave you two ears and one mouth for a reason we tend to talk too much and listen to Little when our priority needs to be the other way around listen first then talk and it's about priorities Radio Calls don't generate lift a lot of times talking isn't put in lift under your wings or improving your position for that matter we have all been at a dinner table where one person has demonstratively captured the conversation around the dinner table we just recently had Thanksgiving and I'm sure many of you went through this or experienced this somebody talking too much and listening too little we gain so much more information in our lives if we listen with our two ears first talk with our one mouth later now for the last of the five rules of flying from Captain Marcus Carlton the doctor and this is a good one too number five rule number five Above All Else sound cool on the radio and I remember exactly how he explained this he said you can be in the t38 and your wings are ripping off and I want you to mash that mic button and say uh yeah Speedo uh my wings are coming off the airplane right now so I'm going to go ahead and eject and I'll see you guys on the ground when it's all over with talk to you soon and only after you have let go of that mic button are you allowed to scream what the doctor was trying to tell us was talk with confidence when you mash that mic button you talk explicitly and with confidence and you don't mix your words and more importantly think about what you're going to say first kind of like study it out in your mind before engaging your brain and moving your mouth one of the great things about the internet is you can go to just about any airport online and listen to arrivals departures Tower and the airplanes that are talking to all of those agencies and very rarely do you hear a voice of no confidence or very little confidence when when it comes to Radio Calls a lot of this comes from experience many of these airline pilots have been flying for tens of thousands of hours but they all sound confident on the radio and I remember going through pilot training particularly in the t37 fumbling over my words saying the wrong things until I got more experience and confidence I don't believe any of us would follow a leader who is not confident in the way that he or she speaks and here's something of the things that I've learned from in my life and being in business that I just want to share with you real quick number one think about what you're going to say particularly if you're going to give some type of speech many of us have been to speeches where people up on stage going uh and uh and and you can tell that they're not prepared think about what you're going to say take some time to go over it in your mind before you say it as I said engage Brain before moving mouth second lesson learn make it short and concise as all of you know in the military and in the aviation world we really do have a language all of our own and we talk in very short very concise using specific words words very unique to Aviation but that's how we keep the conversation short and concise I would also add in there constructive make it constructive short concise and constructive there there is too much negative talk in the world today too much negative news negative emotions negative feelings be constructive when you're talking to other people I think my last lesson learned from speaking and from being in business is mean what you say your word should be filled with honesty and integrity in such a way that when people hear you make a promise they know that they can trust you they know that you will do what you say because you mean what you say this is real important when you're talking in personal Communications I think this is even more important in our personal Communications oneon-one two-on-one with people in meaning what you say we often don't want to upset anybody or offend anybody and often times they need to be told the truth there have been many times where I've walked into a Commander's office with some game plan in my hand and have told him you're not going to like what I have to say but you've got to hear it boss here goes and that's all part of integrity and honesty give your commanders and your leaders the right information but when you tell your boss here's the what here's the so what here's the now what that leader knows that he or she can come to you in any situation because you're going to give them the honest truth whether they like it or not whether it's bad or good doesn't matter you're not GNA candy coat it mean what you say when you speak these three concepts allow you to speak with confidence and all of the great leaders that I have been around both in command centers during the Shaka campaign to boardrooms at Rockwell Collins appreciated speaking with confidence and employing those three concepts and elements when you are speaking well folks Captain Marcus Carlton the doctors five rules of flying and just to recap what they are rule number one fly the jet rule number two instruments are your friend rule number three trim is like breathing rule number four Radio Calls do not generate lift and rule number five above all else sound cool on the radio it's been 37 years since I was taught these Concepts and these rules of flying I've used them in the airplane flying to KC 135 all over the world but I've also used many of them in my personal life and I am so grateful that I had a mentor like Captain Marcus Carlton the doctor to teach me these five rules and to Mentor me through What was a pretty Rocky pilot training experience but I made it through and I flew KC 135s loved every minute of it and I hope that you aviators will take these to heart and not only use them when you're flying your airplane but also in your personal life thanks for downloading and listening to episode 49 of the lessons from the cockpit show I am your host mark herera this episode is brought to you and sponsored by wall pilot Custom Aviation art for the walls of your home office or hanger I have 127 ready to print for 6 8T images on vinyl that you can peel off and stick to any flat surface we've even found out folks that you can stick them on your vehicles and your boats we have one guy that has some of the patches that we've printed on his boat of all things these are very detailed prints of aircraft from World War II all the way up to fifth gen Fighters and we're working on helicopters right now I'm doing a sea king and an Apache for two uh customers right now please tell all your family and friends to download and listen to 49 episodes of the lessons from the cockpit show which can be found on my website at marca.com on our show next week I'm going to talk to you about some experiences I had with what we call time time sensitive targets or tsts all of these require a lot of gas and many of them were in the news on a worldwide basis within 5 minutes of them happening so tune in next week to the lessons from the cockpit show when we talk about time sensitive targeting and what it takes to plan these things and how lawyers fit into our killchain cycle on the lessons from the cockpit show thanks again folks and we'll talk to you again next week

- Reception Skills Training: Kind: captions Language: en a receptionist is often the first person a client patient guest or any type of customer encounters and while the role can sometimes be viewed as an entry level position it is in fact one of the most important roles in any company in this module we'll focus on strategies to excel in a reception role and ensure your customers are both welcomed and impressed if a customer or colleague asks you to do something it's wise to take notes on the specifics if a customer calls make sure to write down their information details such as name contact number and the reason for their call are important notes are a great way to stay organized and remind you of all the little things that come up during the day keep your notes in a notepad and have it with you at all times you'll be surprised by how helpful they are especially when trying to remember what the person who called five hours ago wanted be sure that you write out messages in detail and read over what you have written most importantly when taking a message repeat the message and contact information you were given to the customer ensuring you have the correct information before ending the call [Music] a large part of your day will involve listening to people whether it's a phone inquiry a question a customer is asking or information being relayed to you being able to listen well will make you more efficient you'll be able to solve problems faster when you understand clearly what the person is asking and you'll connect customers to the person they're trying to reach sooner a good listener is focused give your full attention to the person talking to you and aim to understand exactly what they want if you're distracted it'll be obvious to the other person and it'll mean you need to ask them to repeat themselves which never leaves a great impression good interpersonal skills are also vital for reception this goes beyond basic communication abilities a great receptionist will be able to initiate small talk collaborate well with others give and receive feedback gracefully and rise above petty office politics soft skills like friendliness and likeability are especially important for the receptionist role after all who wants to be greeted by a frowning grump have you ever noticed how small bites of food taste better think about it party pies mini quiches cocktail franks the list goes on there's just something about smaller that tastes better and the same goes for how we learn micro learning offers short bite-sized lessons that have a specific focus on just one topic at a time making them far easier to digest if you're in a busy work environment the last thing you want is your team spending valuable business hours stuck in a boring training course especially when they only retain a tiny fraction of the information presented micro learning allows your team to learn process and apply new information in just a few minutes at a time but people forget information quickly and that's why repetition of learning is vital micro learning makes repetition much more palatable with learners able to take in short bursts of information at a time want your team to learn how to handle difficult customers then focus on that alone get them to watch short video lessons on the same topic over the course of a week or a month and watch their understanding retention and performance improvement grow it means less wasted training time more time putting skills into practice and more time impressing customers decreased downtime and increased productivity sounds like a win-win one of the beauties of micro learning is how it mimics the way modern learners behave in their day-to-day lives thanks to smartphones and social media most employees today are conditioned to watch short videos online micro learning is aligned with this pattern of behavior making your team far more receptive to this type of training in fact 8 out of 10 learners prefer micro learning over traditional methods with a 50 increase in engagement in shorter training compared to longer courses unlike traditional training courses that are bulked up for the sake of taking up valuable time micro learning is training that's focused on the outcome micro learning keeps things short sweet and to the point so you'll have plenty of room for dessert oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @homecaregiversinc3773 [3 likes]: Thank you, these videos have helped my small business.
  2. @lovethycolor3774 [1 likes]: Thank you🎉
  3. @SindiManana-g8u8b: I want to do this

- The reality of owning your own airplane: Kind: captions Language: en after five years of owning a cessna 182 here's my honest take on the really fun things and also the hard things about it the first thing i noticed and it's remained consistent throughout the last five years is the sense of adventure you have when you own an airplane and so this might sound obvious but but for a lot of people that don't yet fly they can probably think hey is that overrated is it an exaggeration that you can just kind of go wherever whenever and i can answer that for you it's not an exaggeration with very few restrictions you can go just about wherever you want and experience some really cool things so i've been able to experience the backcountry mountains of idaho which are just captivating i've seen really cool views of state and national parks here in texas out in west texas be able to explore the underrated parts of northwestern arkansas just the beauty that that part of the country holds and so many other things because of having an airplane so it's really not an exaggeration of what you're able to do even in a small airplane and so even though it doesn't go that fast it's a heck of a lot faster than driving and i like to say that hey my 182 will take you anywhere you want to go in the country pretty comfortably if you can just sit there long enough but i also quickly realized that along with all the adventure and newfound freedom that you get owning an airplane also comes all the unexpected scenarios the unexpected maintenance and and to a large degree i already expected these i mean um that stuff just happens but so it's one thing to expect it and it's another thing to actually experience it and think oh man i'm i'm nowhere near my hometown and this went wrong so i'm kind of stuck here until i can get this fixed those situations have happened i've never gotten real out of position but it's kind of just something you're always always dealing with and and stuff will come up so not not a deal breaker by any means but it's a very real thing that happens so if you're going to buy an airplane you have to just kind of expect to the unexpected which i don't really love that saying but but it's turned out to be very very true after flying it for about 50 to uh really even like 100 hours i was really surprised by how much my skills had grown in my competence in that particular airplane more so than i expected it's one thing to have a hundred hours in a certain type of airplane it's another thing to have a hundred hours in the exact same airplane because all the avionics are the same you get to go through different procedures and different types of flying but it's all in the same airplane all the switches are in the same place all the you know landing kind of feels the same and everything so i was able to progress a lot more in 100 hours of flying the same airplane than 100 hours of flying a bunch of other types of airplanes and things so that's one really really rewarding and fun part about owning your own airplane is that you can become really really good at it in a way that it's just harder to do when you're kind of renting different types of airplanes so once i had a few years under my belt i could look back and start to think about expenses because i didn't want to overreact in year one if expenses were higher on maintenance or you know whatever and so once i had kind of a few years worth of data to work with i can confirm that yes flying is expensive you're going to have you're going to more expensive years you're going to have less expensive years but it's all expensive i purposely haven't calculated the hourly cost but i uh i figure it's probably 150 to 200 or so for the 182 depending on how much i fly um but my outlook on expenses really comes down to three things one is that i'm never gonna skimp on maintenance of the ways to get hurt in aviation this is so so avoidable and so if i can't afford the maintenance on the airplane i'm not going to fly i'm not going to own the airplane that's a deal breaker for me the second thing is that i want to live within my means i want to spend less than i make and then the third kind of principle to live by financially i believe is to take the remaining the residual um time energy effort resources that you have and then and then allocate it in places uh that are that are important to you and so if flying can fit into all of those three things and remain consistent then i think for me flying has been a green light so yes some years are more expensive than others but as long as those principles can hold true for me then i try not to sweat it too much one of the most fun parts of flying for me might actually surprise you because as awesome as exploring the mountains of idaho or the different parts of the country can be really one of the most rewarding moments has been the unspectacular ones when you're flying across central texas which isn't much to look at but it allows you the chance to think and think deeply about how grateful i am to live in a time and a place of human history where this is even possible i try never to get bored in the cockpit because i'm so grateful to have that opportunity and to enjoy you know looking at the world thousands of feet above it going 150 miles an hour and it's just it's just awesome so oddly enough that's been one of the most fun parts of flying for me has been just a deep sense of gratitude that i've been able to develop in the unspectacular moments owning an airplane has also been a really practical tool for me my family lives hundreds of miles away so anytime i go visit them having the airplane is a really really useful part of that process but along with that one of the downsides comes stress so anytime you're counting on the airplane or counting on the weather to cooperate it can add stress anytime one of those things isn't quite cooperating and there's been times where i i fly down there the weather is great and it's time to come home the weather sucks and so you might have to get out of position because you might borrow a car or something and drive all the way home and then you got to reverse the process to get back into position first world problems i know but uh it's a useful tool until it isn't and then there's some stress involved with that but that's been more than worth it for me i think it's kind of part of the fun and one thing that is both fun and challenging has been the timing of expenses one huge shift that i've noticed from renting an airplane moving over to owning an airplane has been when you actually pay for flying when you rent you know you only pay when you're using it which has an upside because you can kind of control the expenses up and down but it has a downside because anytime you want to just go fly and watch the sunset you get a bill for how much that costs you just go watch that sunset and it's like oh that's kind of a harsh way to think about it but in owning the opposite is true because the the best days are the days where you already have a full tank gas you go fly for a few hours and you put the airplane up and you didn't spend a penny at least not not the way that it felt that day but then the opposite is true when the airplane might be at in in the shop for a while or weather sucks for a while but you're still paying for the hanger and you're still paying for all the other stuff and you're like well i spent a lot of money on that and didn't really get to use it as much so just the timing of expenses is a different dynamic it's got pros and cons sometimes you love it sometimes uh you kind of miss renting in that regard but that that's been something that's just taken some getting used to so while i've learned these things over five years of owning an airplane i have put together my thoughts of things that i've learned over 16 years of flying in general and you can get those over at airplaneacademy.com join i put together a five day free email series where i put together my five most impactful lessons that i've learned as an aviator over the last 16 years and i want to share those with you i hope that it'll serve you in your aviation journey so airplaneacademy.com join we'll get you signed up for free and i'd love to get to know you a little bit better through email and i look forward to seeing you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @AirplaneAcademy [1 likes]: Hey guys! I wanted to let you know I just launched an "Insiders" Newsletter where once a week I'm sharing an important lesson I've learned in aviation, links to my latest content so you don't miss out, and links to any other interesting or helpful content I've found. Subscribe (it's free) at: https://airplaneacademy.com/insiders
  2. @DWCessna4130 [1 likes]: The prices now from just two years ago have dramatically increased. To anyone curios the September 2023 prices for airplane ownership are radically different from these prices back in 2021.
  3. @saeidbadiedds [1 likes]: You seem like a genuinely nice guy and very informative. Thank you for your passion so that we can learn from you!
  4. @TonyArechiga: The more I look into flying the more you find countless videos of people justifying the cost of flying your own plane. 

Owning seems way more inconvenient and costly than just flying commercially. Unless flying is your literal life and source of income. Or if you are wealthy and have thousands of dollars to burn per month. Ha! 

Seems better off renting and just sort of flying around distances within 3-6 hours away.
  5. @LikaMig: The spiritual inspiration is priceless...
  6. @marimoedmond: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @EricaBeee: Got straight to it. Thank you!
  8. @Fjord_Driver: I have been interested in aviation for a long time. Do I own a plane? Nope. The true reality is, if I did, it would spend most of it's time sitting and collecting dust. Sure, I could take it to visit a few friends, but I'm not going to be popping by every other weekend from a multi state flight. Would it save me drive time? Yes. Would it save me money? Nope. I am not retired or rich. It's like guys who buy boats and then you see the boat spending most of its time in storage or under a tarp on the side of the house. Between insurance, hangar fees(if you can find one and afford it), time to actually go out and stay current flying, fuel costs, it is just a big no from a personal purchase standpoint for me. You are at the mercy of the weather whenever you take an extended trip. Need to be back in time to get to work? Hmmm. Mechanical breakdowns happen. The list goes on. It's a toy purchase and an expensive one at that.
You increase your expenses, your liability, your risk factors. If someone knocked on my door and asked if I wanted to do all three of those things by signing a paper, the door gets slammed shut. Oh and you have to shell out another $8,000+ for getting your pilots license. And then even more if you want your IFR rating. Welcome to the money pit. Don't forget the regular flight reviews, and inspections, repairs, upgrades, subscriptions, expensive headsets and on and on and on. Plane for sale. Ran like a top when I put it in storage years ago.
  9. @Cosme422: I would love to own one if I were rich like you but I was born poor :-)
  10. @davidholubetz1014: Nice video, good info.  Like the way you look and talk, puts me at ease.  Hoping to buy soon.
  11. @elijahmohammed6775: I'm in Austin Texas, and I hope one day to own an airplane! About how much doe it cost to store it?
  12. @RomeoLorenzo: Just discovered your channel.  Thanks for the Pro/Con comparison. ✈
  13. @robertwagner9933: I think this is a very very helpful channel for a new very new pilot Like myself
  14. @sampletaster5093: Like the vid. I would like to see a vid on what and how to see things once you reach your destination. Rental cars are not always available. What can you do after you land?
  15. @wckoek: For those who own your own plane, I wondered how many hours do guys fly per year?
Trying to justify the cost of renting vs owning.
  16. @wilurbean: How much income does someone need to own a plane? This is aspect is confusing because a lot of these videos say you need like 15 to 20k a year in cash. Do many people really has that much money to burn per se? In sure many ppl could allocate that much money, but to pay the mortgage, retirement, taxes, etc would seem to eat up all that money, even for someone making 120k or more
  17. @jimecee: Very informative, thank you!
  18. @Jay-go3il: Love this video very informative
  19. @stealhty1: Most important, availability of having the plane waiting for you when ever to where ever,,,I had two three other pilots beging me to let go my schedule just because they also want to  use the club plane on a beautiful weather weekend
  20. @willarddevoe5893: Planes and loans go together like Corvettes and booze.

- Aircraft Leasebacks - What You  Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en hot button topic online. Keyboard commandos go nuts when when you bring up lease backs and all the pitfalls and everything, but I don't think a lot of people talk about the benefits. [Music] Welcome back everyone. I've got Adam back again. He is going to talk to us about the benefits of uh leaseback options and how that can really help basically negate the price of flight training. Right. >> Yeah. Well, let's I mean, we could talk about everything about leasebacks. It's kind of a uh hot button topic online. Keyboard commandos go nuts when when you bring up leasebacks and, you know, all the pitfalls and everything, but I don't think a lot of people talk about the benefits, >> right? >> And and yeah, how it can basically pay for you to learn to fly. I guess the best thing to start with is kind of why lease back. We've got several different kinds of people that have come through and and done a lease back with First Landings in particular and others that I've known in the industry that are in the lease back business. So, you know, first you've got I think the best example was was a father who came in here with two kids and all three of them wanted to learn to fly, >> He decided, well, I'm going to be spending a lot of money here. Why not buy an airplane? We can learn in our own airplane, right? >> And put it to work while it's here. They started with one that went so well they added two more by the time they were all done. We had three airplanes here that he was leasing back. He finished his ratings. The two kids um one of them finished through private. The other one finished through a CFI and actually was an instructor here >> right >> for a while and is now an air traffic controller running the routes going over the Atlantic between us and and Europe. But you know in his case he wasn't doing it to make money. he was doing it to offset his cost and earning to fly and and the bonus was the first one went so well and he was making money and flying for nothing that he got two more and I think you know every month I was cutting him several thousand dollar in checks and you know he was pretty happy. The very first aircraft we had here was was obviously a lease back cuz I didn't have the money to buy a plane >> that situation he was actually kind of more of an angel investor. He saw the idea I had, liked it, and was like, "Sure, I'll I'll spend 120 grand just to roll the dice and see if you can make something of this." Obviously, his motivation was more to to kind of see if a kid out of college could be successful. And, you know, if he walked away making something, great. If not, you know, he got to have a little fun. I think 120 to him was kind of pocket change, right? So, but in that case, you know, that lease was very different from from the previous one in that he got paid X amount of dollars per hour, all the costs. It was essentially triple net, right? All the costs were on First Landing Aviation to cover the insurance, the hanger, and everything. And and every hour it flew, he got paid. Now, if it didn't fly, he didn't get paid, but he wasn't out of pocket either. The end of it, he was very happy. I mean, he made better than 20% on his investment and he walked away going, you know, of all the kind of fund investments he's made, this was probably the most successful one, >> And then we've got, you know, the other kind of big-time investors who, you know, buy 40, 50 airplanes. They've got deep pockets and they're putting them out at a bunch of different flight schools, >> So, we've we've worked with those guys as well, you know, both good and bad. Um cuz usually they're looking at only the bottom line. And with us, we like keeping high quality equipment, keeping everything nice, new, and spending the money we need to to to keep them maintained to the highest standard and looking nice. That's what customers want. You know, good to deal with, but they're kind of, you know, sometimes difficult when it comes to all right, we need to spend this money to make it right. So, different avenues. I think as students look at it and that you know they're going to be watching this going how can I make it pay for learning to fly >> depending on the school you're with or who you're working with an independent CFI I mean definitely several things you want to consider >> how big is the school one I mean we're when we started out with one plane I mean we were lucky to fly 30 hours a month and that's probably in most cases not going to cover the cost if the costs are stuck on you whereas today I mean we're doing you know we're bumping up thous 000 hours a month. >> Yeah. >> Routinely. So sticking a plane another plane here, it's going to get decent number of hours on it, especially if it we're not going to take a plane that doesn't meet kind of our fleet standard. So known quantity, how much is it going to fly? Know that anywhere you go to lease it, if they're making you promises, they're not worth, you know, the paper they're written on. Unless it's a contract. I mean, if they're going to guarantee you hours in a contract, great. But if they're telling you, oh yeah, we're gonna do 100 hours a month, but it's not written down. It's a guaranteed payment. Yeah, good luck. What else? So, there are a couple different type of leases when you look at how the costs are shared, right? And this is where I think a lot of the keyboard commandos go off on tangents because some lease backs that we've done and and probably the most typical in the industry is the owner of the plane or the lessor is stuck with all the costs, right? And the flight school is essentially a management company. So my job is to put butts in the seat and make it fly, generate revenue. I'm going to take a cut of that whether it's 15, 20, 25% just depending on what we negotiate. The remaining 80% or whatever the revenue covers the cost and at the end whatever is left over is what the owner is going to get at the end of the month. If you're putting up the hours and the flight school is doing its job, it can be very lucrative because the more risk you take on obviously the greater the returns are. But if you're sticking it at a school where it's not going to fly or it sits or whatever or maintenance you get, you pick the wrong type of plane where maintenance bills and eat into it. It's sitting a lot because of that, you end up losing cuz now you got to cover all the other bills, insurance, hanger. So, those are all things to consider as you look at different flight schools with that type of lease. I've had owners that take on that lease with us that are very happy, but when we're doing 110 hours a month, you know, it's great. And we have all our maintenance in-house, so we contracted rates, so they kind of know what to expect when 100 hour comes up or an annual. I mean, it's all easy to budget in. So, and we've got known quantities with our planes. We know what they cost to operate and everything. So it it works out quite well. On the other end of the spectrum, the the big dogs that want their x number of hours flowing a month, they want their x amount of dollars and guess what? You know, all the expenses are on the flight school. Again, us, we can take on those kind of leases because we can put up the hours. smaller schools. If you're only doing 20 hours a month, but you've got a guaranteed minimum of, you know, 60 hours a month, well, I mean, the school's going to go out of business and ultimately that less is going to be pretty upset that he's got to take back a plane and find another home for it. So, things to consider. >> I mean, a 20% ROI though from, you know, when when you said 20%, I'm like, wow, 20% anywhere nowadays. Right. >> Well, and and honestly, it's even better than that with the new tax rules and everything that have um come through the bills that passed the 100% depreciation, right, >> has gone on again. So, you know, I've got a few students looking to buy a brand new Cirrus for a million bucks, but they've got the income to offset that million dollar. So, right away, let's say they're, you know, they're at the 28% tax bracket, right? They're going to get a quart million dollars back in a tax refund, >> So, now your initial investment is only 750. And if you're going to generate, you know, 20% on a million, well, that's what, 25% on >> 750 or thereabouts. >> So, suddenly, it's looking like a pretty good investment. >> Mhm. Wait, does that mean that we're actually going to get a Cirrus? >> We're working on it. We're working on it. >> That would be pretty nice. I miss flying Assirus. So, >> yeah. I mean, it's, you know, I've got tax specialists we work with and I've put all my lease back owners in touch with just so they can take advantage of all those things. and you want to be actively involved in the management of the plane. So, we make sure all our owners are actively involved with how we're scheduling it, maintenance, and everything else. So, they can meet those tax advantage rules and everything. But, I mean, it's it is a big plus, you know, to a lot of the guys, and that's why they look into do it to start with. >> I mean, part of what we initially talked about with this is, you know, you could potentially get your rating for free, right? >> You can get paid to get it. >> Yeah. you can get paid to get it. It makes it even better. Um, some of that right there has its own, you know, intrinsic value. I mean, >> the national average is what, 80 and change, 85 hours, >> something like that. Yeah. I mean, I I know that's national average. Ours is somewhere around 60 for private pilot. >> How many months are you going to take to get that? A lot of them are taking four to six months, right? But if your plane's generating $4,000 a month over that 6 month I mean there's your $24,000 to cover your you know private plus. >> So I mean it's definitely feasible. Now you know other things to consider. It's it's one thing to buy a new plane when the guy comes goes I want to buy a new Cirrus or I want to buy a new Piper 100i and lease it. It's another when they come to you and go I've got this 1965 Cherokee 140 I want to lease you in. We go well what how's it equipped? How's it look? you know, we want obviously we'd consider it if it's new paint, you know, newer avionics, kind of what the customer wants, but you've also got to consider it, you know, how old's the engine, how many hours you got on it, what other maintenance items might it be lacking. And that's where, you know, it's a little bit of roll the dice for the owner, Lesor, that's buying it because sure, you could buy it 200 hours in, you're getting a couple good checks, but then bam, you're hit with, oh the engine's making metal. >> Yep. Well, now you got, you know, $40 to $60,000 bill and your plane's going to be parked for a couple months while we source an engine and get it back in there and flying and you're stuck with all the bills while it sits. >> It's getting expensive pretty quickly, >> right? Yeah. You and that's where, you know, I always tell the the lessers and owners that you've got to have kind of a stash. Set aside money every month from what you're making so that you do have a rainy day fund. You don't want to be caught, you know, by surprise and be like, "Oh, I got to come up suddenly now with 1,500 bucks a month to cover a hanger and insurance." And I don't have it because I was planning on the income. You know, >> I booked that nice vacation instead of using the money. >> That's right. I've had a lot of lot of guys like that. Oh, we're going to the Bahamas and chartering a jet, but what do you mean? I got a bill. >> Yep. So definitely all things to consider, you know, and I do a lot of consulting for these guys that want to lease back, whether it's here or other schools to kind of just get second opinions on contracts and everything else. >> I mean, wealth of information. You've been doing this quite a long time amp with your IIA, so you know all the ins and outs of the maintenance as well as, you know, the actual business aspect of it. So, those are some really good points for people to understand that, you know, the average freelance instructor isn't going to have all of those extra points, they're not going to have uh, you know, hanger and and an actual office. You know, most of the time they're kind of just >> Yeah. If they don't have in-house maintenance or anything, now you're now you're stuck at the beck and call of a third party, which means you're on a list to get fixed. So, there's no no expediency to that. And honestly costs run up and everything else overruns and yeah. So I mean that's one of the big advantages is our in-house maintenance and contracted rates and you know we've got to turn 100 hour. I mean it's quick. You know usually within a day we've got it turned with three of us working on it. So >> is there anything else you want to say for uh lease bikes? >> No I mean I I'm hoping you know if people have questions throw it in the comments. I'll kind of keep an eye on that, answer stuff or reach out. happy to help and, you know, help grow the industry. And with the new sport pilot rules, there's going to be a lot lot more opportunity, I think, for leasing back sport planes and everything else because the demand, I think, is going to be there. >> I was speaking to somebody the other day that was interested in uh doing a lease back on another Technam because they see how busy the 2006T is. >> Well, that's because of our our great pricing, our current promotion, right? Yeah. >> Our time building at 199 an hour, you can't beat. And >> when a plane's doing 15 hours a day, people take notice. >> Yeah. I mean, that thing I don't see it on the ground very much at all. >> No, >> normally when it's getting an oil change and 100 hours and >> that's about it. >> It's right back up again. So, well, thanks very much for everything. Uh, you know, the channel appreciates you. I appreciate you and I appreciate the support. Thanks very much. >> Yeah, you're welcome. Thanks. >> Take care and stay safe, everyone.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theturboexec [2 likes]: So what's the story with those "used car salesman" offering the deal of a lifetime to buy a plane and triple net lease it to a flight school? They claim you can get all your money back by writing it off? And if its a triple net lease does it still qualify for active income? Or at that point it would classify as passive income?
  2. @RunwayLife_ [2 likes]: Really enjoyed shooting this one.
  3. @WonWay1 [1 likes]: Great info thanks.   I am getting my private pilot license with first landings.    They are top notch.   Great people from the top down, every one of them.   Very professional outfit.   I'm considering a lease back with them as well.
  4. @dewholdingsllc1050 [1 likes]: Yes talk to tax planning expert 1st.   Business purpose vs hobby interest is key.  A person using aircraft for their job  or a business purpose can deduct cost of flight training certifications. PPL, IFR, multi engine.  All tax deductible so long as used for business. Whether they own a plane or not. 
After that you cannot deduct the cost of flight training as you are qualifying yourself for a new career.
  5. @ggonlinelessons3738 [1 likes]: Is this something First Landings is still actively willing to entertain?
  6. @DeskToCockpit: what is the best way to contact Adam for a consult?
  7. @advancedaircraft: Don’t do it!
  8. @samuelfox8126: When people bring up depreciation I want to hear about how you handle the recapture.
The cheap answer is buy a more expensive plane. But if you're starting with a Cirrus there isn't a more expensive plane that a flight school uses.

- The Race To Stay Profitable In The Air Industry | CNBC Marathon: Kind: captions Language: en The airline industry is a long-cycle business. Spirit has had one challenge after another coming out of the pandemic. The icon of budget air travel in the U.S. has not been profitable since 2019, and it lost over $2 billion since 2020. Airlines that have shown more success have greater exposure to premium and corporate. The biggest competitor that United has right now is Delta. United very much wants to rule the world. But when it comes to profitability, it's still chasing that number one spot. Everybody's dealing with the fact that costs are 30% higher than they were in 2019. Some airlines decided to place orders with Airbus for aircraft rather than Boeing. ...Which has been dealing with crisis after crisis. Airbus has profited from the challenges that Boeing has faced. We're really talking about a battle for the 2030s here. The 2020s have been decided. Airbus and Boeing have been competing head-to-head for decades as the world's largest commercial airplane makers. The European-based Airbus entered the market 56 years after its rival. And today, 76% of the world's fleet is made up of Airbus and Boeing planes. But over the last few years, Airbus has edged out Boeing for market dominance. Airbus is clearly in the lead and they have a good lead. And if you just want to measure that, it's by backlog of the airplanes. Airbus has made a steady profit since the pandemic. While Boeing hasn't made a profit since 2018. Airbus total backlog, which are planes that have been ordered but not yet delivered, is 8,726, compared to Boeing's 5,643, which represents billions of dollars in revenue and is estimated to take almost 13 years to complete. We've gone from back in 1978 where you would hardly ever see an Airbus airplane in the U.S., to now having well over 50% of the market here in the U.S. Since 2019, Airbus has delivered more planes annually than Boeing, which has been dealing with crisis after crisis, including two deadly crashes of its best-selling 737 Max eight, which grounded that aircraft for nearly two years. It's also been dealing with significant financial losses, manufacturing issues and production limitations. One thing I want to be clear about: Airbus was already winning the race before the Max ran into trouble because the A321 in general was winning share. Narrowbodies make up the majority of the commercial aircraft flying today. These planes are very versatile. They can do multiple short trips a day or across oceans and continents. Boeing 737 was the world's best-selling narrow-body until 2019, when Airbus A320 surpassed it in total orders. And depending on how many planes are delivered in 2025, the A320 could take the reins as the most produced jet family in history. If you look across the board at the backlogs and indeed at orders, everything is fine in every category except for the A321, which is absolutely crushing it. CNBC explores how Airbus came to be the biggest commercial plane manufacturer and whether it can stay on top. The official 737 christening ceremony took place in the new final assembly building. In the late '60s, Boeing was dominating the commercial aircraft market. It had just debuted the 737 and the world's first ever wide-body jet. The massive 747 European aerospace companies took notice. The biggest misconception about Airbus is that it was some sort of instant creation, circa 1969. It really wasn't. It was a merger of a number of European national champion aerospace companies that had been building planes since World War Two or World War One, and the only way they could do it was by pooling their resources: thus Airbus. As more people took to the skies, airlines looked to operate bigger aircraft. At the time, all wide-body planes had 3 or 4 engines. For reference, a wide-body typically has two aisles, flies longer distances, and can carry anywhere from 250 to 500 passengers. While a narrow-body or single aisle has one single aisle through, the cabin flies shorter distances and can have 100 to 230 seats. Airbus shows up in the 1970s saying, "Hey, we have a wide-body plane, but with just two engines." And airlines sat up and said, "Whoa, two engines..." And obviously two engines that can take you the same distance as three are better because your maintenance costs are a lot lower. In 1972, Airbus introduced the first twin-engine wide-body jetliner: the A300. Despite having only two engines, the A300 could only carry around 250 passengers versus the massive 747, which could be configured to fit over 500. Not a lot of people saw the need for an intermediate sized yet. So, production rates were 1 or 2 per month for quite a few years. In 1978, the Deregulation Act was enacted in the U.S., creating more competition, new airlines and expansion of smaller ones. As airline needs shifted in the '80s, the demand for cost-effective, short-haul aircraft grew. They began to see the need for a new-generation single aisle, basically centered around 150 seats. Airbus had not yet made a profit, and the company needed a plane in its fleet to compete with Boeing's popular narrow-body, the 737, which had already been around since 1967. Airbus launched the A320 single aisle program in 1984. The workhorse of the Airbus commercial jet family is the A320. The A320 was one of the few commercial aircraft designed to compete against Boeing's 737 powerhouse, and has succeeded where others have failed. Its fuselage is a little bit wider than the 737, and some airlines have taken advantage of that to put in slightly wider seats. The A320 debuted with a lot of new advanced technology. It was one of the first commercial jets that used a side stick versus yoke controls. This is still a key difference between Airbus and Boeing planes today. It also introduced fly-by-wire controls, meaning when you pull back on the side stick, it sends electronic signals to a computer to move the aircraft versus a physical cable. One could argue from a flight control's point of view, the A320 is a generation ahead of the 737. When it first came into the market, it was controversial. Fly-by-wire when it first came out into the market was something that was really just used in military airplanes. The jet's debut, however, ended in a crash during the first demonstration flight at an airshow in 1988. When the A320 was first introduced, it suffered a series of accidents, including some fatal accidents that killed crew and passengers, and that really stalled the public acceptance of the plane. It took a while there, too, to get traction, but when it did, well, it succeeded far beyond expectations. A320 just came into the world 20 years later and has that advantage in terms of just fundamental design differences to the airframe. By the 1990s, the A320 success would start to put pressure on its U.S. competitors. Airbus, which was backed by European governments, made its first operating profits. Once Airbus was more market-proven as an aircraft builder and U.S. airlines started to see the performance results of the Airbus aircraft in other airlines' fleets, they became more open to buying Airbus planes, and it was really the A320 that helped Airbus crack the door opened into the U.S. market and many other parts of the world. Basically, Boeing through all of this had 50% of the market. So, what you basically had was Douglas, Lockheed and Airbus duking it out for the other half. Lockheed exited sometime in the mid-80s, and then everyone knew McDonnell Douglas. Matter of time. In 1997, McDonnell Douglas merged with Boeing, forming the duopoly we know today. If you think about the evolution of Airbus, I mean, Airbus really started in the narrow-body market with no market share, edged out Douglas, and then continued to get share. The Boeing 737 family and the Airbus A320 family are the company's best-selling planes, and have been a crucial segment of competition. The list price for one A321neo is around $129 million. Competition was head-to-head when it came to wide-bodies too. In the '90s, more fuel-efficient, twin-engine wide-bodies were introduced. Airbus debuted the A330 and 340, while Boeing introduced its 777. The A330, they kept refining it at Airbus. It did pretty well, and then Boeing attacked with the 787 Dreamliner. And despite all of the flaws baked into that development program, it did better than the A330 in the long run. Then, from 2003 to 2005, Airbus took more orders and delivered more planes than Boeing. That 50-50 formula kept persisting, and what Boeing was doing was effectively winning on profitability rather than market share. They were willing to say, "Alright, we're going to be 50%, but our margins are going to be 9% and yours are going to be 4%...or less." It was a formula that worked for them until, of course, the problems with the Max. Despite declining sales for four engine jets, Airbus spent billions creating the biggest double-decker quad-engine commercial aircraft in the world and possibly the most identifiable Airbus plane: the A380. It was in service from 2007 until it ended production in 2021. The A380 is an engineering marvel. Unfortunately, in a way, the A380's success was eclipsed by the success of Airbus's smaller aircraft, namely the A330 family and more recently, the A350, which are twin engine aircraft that can hold 250 to 400, 450 or so passengers and operate ultra-long range routes. And you looked at Airbus and you thought, "Wow, they're going to be tied for number one. You might even be number one. The only thing you could do to screw that up is launch a superjumbo for a market that's going away super fast." And that's exactly what they did. It cost them a decade. Today, Boeing still dominates the wide-body market with nearly 56% of the global fleet. These aircraft are used for long haul travel like international flights. Boeing currently has a backlog of over 1,500 wide-body planes. The company has had multiple manufacturing issues with its 787 Dreamliner and the 777X, which has yet to be certified, is years behind schedule. In 2012, Airbus announced it would begin manufacturing in Mobile, Alabama. You go back to 1978 and Airbus had a small office here in the U.S. with about a dozen people working there. Roll forward to 2025, and we have a very large manufacturing facility that manufactures airplanes in Mobile, Alabama. We build helicopters in Mississippi, we build satellites in Florida and actually are present in over 40 locations across the U.S. today. Airbus' biggest customer is Delta Airlines. It has slightly more Airbus planes in its fleet than Boeing. Airbus has had a different manufacturing strategy than Boeing. Theirs has been more regional, so they have a final assembly plant, a fowl, as they call them, in Asia, one in North America, one in Europe. Where Boeing's final assembly has been highly concentrated in North America, China was almost exclusively a Boeing customer for many, many years. By having a final assembly line in China, I think Airbus would argue that that helped them get some share in China. Airbus has been manufacturing in the U.S. for nearly ten years. It's about to open a third production line, two of which are for the 320 family and the other for its smaller 220 jets it acquired from Bombardier in In 2010, Airbus announced a new variation of its best-selling narrow-body called the A320neo, short for "new engine option," which promised a 15% less fuel burn than the previous generation. In 2011, Airbus had a record number of orders for 1,419 aircraft, more than double than the year before. That same year, American Airlines, which had been strictly a Boeing customer, put in an order for hundreds of these new planes. And in 2019, the A320 family surpassed the 737 in total orders. Originally, the business case was for around 600 airplanes, and now we are up to 19,000. Boeing's response to the more fuel-efficient A320 was the re-engined 737 Max that debuted in 2017. But over the next few years, the manufacturer faced a series of challenges. In 2018 and 2019, two 737 Max 8s crashed and killed 346 people. It was later found a flight control system known as MCAS had malfunctioned on both flights. The planes were grounded for several months and production rates were reduced. Then the pandemic brought air travel to a halt, and the company had a record loss of $12 billion in 2020. Airbus saw losses of over 1 billion in both 2019 and 2020, but returned to profitability in 2021, but Airbus has consecutively had more annual orders and deliveries since 2019, making it the world's largest planemaker. Then, in 2024, a door plug flew off a Boeing 737 Max 9 plane, leading to more production delays of its best-selling jet and an annual loss of $11.8 billion in 2024. Some airlines decided to place orders with Airbus for aircraft rather than Boeing. And if you look at Airbus' backlog today, it's dominated by A321. Airlines looking to cut down on fuel costs have been turning to these more efficient, longer range narrow-bodies for longer flights like JFK to LA or the East Coast to Europe. Of our single aisle order book or backlog as we call it, 72% of the Airbus A321, and that's opening up routes and markets that they couldn't fly directly before. The economics with single aisles were so much better than the economics with wide-bodies. And the Airbus A321neo wasn't perfect, but it was the biggest and best single aisle you could get, and leading Airbus to effectively a 60% or 65% market share from the standpoint of both the deliveries and orders and backlog. It's become the hinge factor between the two. Boeing doesn't really have a comparable airplane. 737 Max 9 isn't quite as big. The 10 is big, but it doesn't quite have the range. So, where Airbus has done well in the market is they have a product that Boeing really doesn't have. The 737 Max 10 has a range of 3,100 nautical miles and can seat a maximum of 230 people, versus the A321neo, which has a range of 4,700 nautical miles and can seat 244 passengers. But the Max 10 has yet to be certified. The bad news is, given these delays, these many year delays, and given the challenges, and also, frankly, you've got this attack on the administrative state in Washington, which is also toxic from Boeing's standpoint, these are resources they need to certify planes, and they're increasingly in short supply. So, there's a lot about DOGE and the attack on the FAA and other administrative agencies that's really not all good from the standpoint of Boeing's certification. In 2024, Airbus delivered 766 planes compared to Boeing's 348. Most of the revenue from aircraft is received on delivery. Boeing's 737 Max production has been capped at 38 planes a month since January 2024 by the Federal Aviation Administration. That rate was 52 planes a month prior to the pandemic and two Max crashes. So far in 2025, it surpassed monthly delivery goals compared to last year. Airbus has faced production challenges too. It, like the rest of the industry, has been dealing with supply chain issues post-pandemic and an engine recall for many of its jets. There was the hot GTF engine two years ago, with the difficulties they encountered with the metal powder issue that is leading to a big recall campaign, and that is limiting the number of engines going for new feed for us. Also last year, with production difficulties faced by CFM and their supply chain, that has led to a difficult end of 2024 and also some shortages at the beginning of this year. Airbus deliveries have been lower compared to last year, but the company said it still expects to deliver 820 new planes by year-end. The medium term, it's hard to see anything that stops Airbus from controlling that all-important mid-market segment. The 2020s have been decided. The industry could face other challenges, like tariffs and a possible recession in the coming months. For an industry that's thoroughly globalized, this is absolutely toxic. There's a lot about these tariffs we just don't know right now. But, it's remarkable, the extent to which the jetliner industry became a model of free trade and the U.S. competed and absolutely did great with an enormous trade surplus: and that's now at risk. Now, as for the airplanes themselves, yeah, the majority of structures are indeed imported. Even though Airbus now has manufacturing in Mobile, Alabama, it still imports parts like wings and fuselages. The U.S. exports six times more than imports in aerospace products and components. And so, the concern about a tariff regime is that that is then going to impede in that supply chain, and it's going to add to the cost of the airplane. More expensive airplanes could mean rising costs for the consumer. Both the Boeing 737 and the Airbus A320, and their variations are newer interpretations of jets designed decades ago. The industry has been waiting for new technologies, engines and designs to be introduced. The A320 has been a platform that's been around for many decades. The next generation airplane will be a completely new platform. It's going to be based on new propulsion techniques and new wing design and new materials, and also a more digitally enabled airplane. We hope to see that flying in the second half of the next decade. It is so much more complex to design and build a new airliner today than it was decades ago. Airlines are struggling with what is the right design, what materials go into it, what engines do we use for it, what fuel powers it? In 2022, Boeing's CEO at the time, Dave Calhoun, announced that it would not introduce a new airplane into the next decade. So, on that range and payload envelope, they've really got nothing that competes with the 321neo. They need a new jet. They absolutely need a new jet. So that, of course, told people that they should go and order an A321neo, which they did. There were 1,300 sales in the following 12 months. So, Dave Calhoun, in a lot of ways, was the very best CEO that Airbus ever had. Airbus hasn't announced a new clean-sheet plane either, but at a recent summit, outlined what technologies could potentially power a new single aisle aircraft. And despite Boeing's struggles, experts say it's not inevitable that Airbus's lead continues. Airbus is just positioned better because they just have more latitude to kind of wait and see because of their product lineup today. You know, right now things look fantastic, next five years at least. But eventually, someone is going to disrupt them. And it might just be a resurgent Boeing. And for the first time in way over a decade, they actually have a really good leader at the helm. Experts also say China's Comac could enter the market. If Comac is able to make inroads in the West, especially if the Chinese government decides to subsidize the sale of those airplanes to get some sales into Western airlines, that could introduce one of the most serious threats to both Airbus and Boeing that we have seen in a long time. Brazil-based Embraer could also be a strong competitor to enter the narrow-body space. The company, which makes smaller regional and business jets, has been talked about as a company that could disrupt the duopoly. I'd put my money on Embraer first. Embraer is a very, very capable company. Good engineers. If Boeing doesn't do a competitive response, then again, the 321neo becomes the hinge of fate. Obviously, in the long run, a lot can go wrong with that. It's your classic innovator's dilemma. Why would you disrupt yourself when you're the overwhelmingly dominant player on the market? So will something change? It must. Entropy, right? But until then, Airbus gets two-thirds of the market, which is not at all bad. United Airlines has been flying people for nearly a century... "Fly the friendly skies of United." And it's grown to be one of the biggest operators in the world. In 2023, it flew over 160 million customers. It serves 348 airports globally, with a fleet of 1,375 planes, 106,000 employees with over 4,500 flights a day. Delta has been at the top of the industry for a long time. It's the most profitable, has the best margins. We haven't exactly achieved the number one profitability status in the industry. But I know we're on our way. It's really front of mind for all of us. It's a very large legacy airline. I do think the last seven years, it's felt a bit more like a start up airline. American Airlines, Delta and United, known as the Big Three, all have similar business models, so competition comes from hub locations, product offerings, and route networks. United actually has the largest, most expansive route network abroad of any of the big three U.S. airlines. So, in a way, United is America's flag carrier to the world. The airline has been spending billions on new airplanes, lounges, technology and diversifying its cabins to offer a broader range of products to its United's profitability and overall business performance has been steadily improving over the past five years. Delivery delays on new aircraft from Boeing and Airbus are hindering some airline's growth plans. Both Delta and United have faced additional challenges this year. United had a string of maintenance issues, while Delta had to cancel more than 7,000 flights over the course of six days in July. After the CrowdStrike outage, that's more than all of Delta's cancellations in 2019. Despite these events, Delta and United's stock are up this year, with United shares rising over 80% year to date. Since the recovery post-pandemic, they've had a better game plan than basically anyone else. It really hasn't changed. CNBC explores how United became one of the largest airlines in the world, and what's next for the carrier. United Airlines' roots date back all the way to 1926. The original name of United was Boeing Air Transport, and it was owned by the Boeing Company until Boeing had to spin it off in the late '20s, early '30s when it became United. It began by delivering mail and continued to grow as the dawn of the jet age took more people to the skies. United Airlines has a very, very strong and rich history, but the United Airlines we know today is actually the product of various mergers. All the top airlines have grown through mergers. United's first big merger was in 1961, with Capital Airlines, expanding its reach to more of the East Coast. In 1985, they bought Pan Am's Transpacific route network, which gave them an expansive route network into Asia. Another was announced in 2010 when it agreed to merge with Continental Airlines. Think of United as a Brady Bunch of airlines that now has a single name and a single paint job. The Continental merger was really significant. What it did is it really set up the modern day United Airlines. Over the course of a century, the airline has faced many challenges. On September 11th, 2001, two of the planes hijacked by terrorists were United planes. Then air travel demand plummeted. The United States was also in the middle of a recession. So, what we saw was several airlines, U.S. Airways then United Airlines had filed for bankruptcy in the years following the terrorist attacks. It came out of bankruptcy in 2006 with a reduced staff and fleet. The Great Recession in 2008, coupled with rising fuel costs, hit the industry hard. Then there was a series of mega mergers Delta and Northwest American and U.S. Airways and United with Continental. The difficulties in that merger were many and varied. Trying to put two large corporations together is always difficult. You had two very different cultures. Oscar Munoz was on the board of United Continental Holdings in 2010, and later served as the CEO of United from 2015 to 2020. There was not a lot of love between the two organizations and groups. The company was not in a wonderful place with regards to unison cohesion. A singular point of attack, operationally, financially, business-wise. So it was a bit of a mish-mash. The $8.5 billion deal with Continental brought key hubs like Newark and Houston into the United network. With United's strong presence in Asia and Continental's in Europe and Latin America, it created the world's largest carrier at the time, or, as The New York Times described it, a behemoth of an airline. You had two of everything. So, how do you decide the systems and the people to run them when you have this quote unquote, merger of equals, where it's kind of top-weighted towards one side, most of those systems, most of those leaders came over to run the much, much bigger organization. There was more than a few CEOs in a very short period of time, and it didn't help that my arrival came with a little bit of drama and crisis with my predecessor with some issues that they got in from a legal perspective. Munoz is referring to the ousting of CEO Jeffrey Smisek and what became known as the chairman's flight, after the airline reinstated a non-profitable route to accommodate the chairman of the New Jersey, New York Port Authority. Over the next few years, the airline faced some of its biggest public relations disasters, which ranged from a man being dragged off a flight, to a passenger's French bulldog dying in the overhead compartment. You had a company that lagged and underperformed its potential overall, so they were like, if you looked at it from relative to the big four competitors, they were number four in overall margins and profit. What was important about the whole culture we built at United? Honestly, if Covid had happened, like right when I had taken over or right before I had taken over, I'm not sure United gets through it. You know, we were by far last. I made a ton of progress right before Covid. Our financial results were stellar, well ahead of schedule. And at the same time, we were beginning to slowly inch up. The Covid-19 pandemic brought air travel to a near halt, and United alone lost over $7 billion in 2020. United did a really smart thing during Covid. They didn't let go any of their pilots, and that helped United recover faster than some of its peers did when travel rebounded as Covid ebbed. Airlines survived, in part because of a more than $50 billion taxpayer bailout. It was the biggest one in history for the industry, and it did help airlines stay afloat. And a condition of that aid was that they weren't allowed to furlough any of their employees. Airlines also have other revenue streams, like credit cards, which can bring in billions of dollars a This is one of the only times in which a downturn happened, and there wasn't massive restructuring at that time, so the U.S. domestic market just didn't change. And so United, you know, kind of took advantage of that where they're like, "Well, we know that the international side of the equation will change, and it did. And so we're going to be ready for that recovery." And now you're starting to see structural change happen within the U.S. airline industry. Whether it's being Spirit potentially, you know, going into bankruptcy or restructuring and others kind of changing their models. And so, United wants to continue to deepen their moat while others continue to figure it out. One thing that did change during the pandemic was United got a new CEO. Scott Kirby came in as CEO, and that marked the beginning, I think, of United's strongest turnaround. As the pandemic ended, air travel made a huge comeback with record-setting numbers. At the end of 2023, United surpassed American Airlines to become the second most profitable airline in the U.S. Delta remained at the top. When I think about the differences in Delta and United, it's just the overall route The route network is really what we are buying as passengers. United just announced new routes to places like Greenland and Mongolia in 2025. The airline said adding unique destinations is important to its customers and keeping them loyal to the airline. Picking new routes, it's a part art, it's part science. If you just look purely at the numbers, you would never come up with a new destination because every airline is looking at all of the same data. Some routes, like Cape Town, have been successful, but others, like Bergen, Norway were a flop and removed from the schedule. When I think about just the competitive environment and how you kind of get there to be the largest airline and most profitable airline is that you have to be really relevant to your customers in whatever markets you're flying, and you have to be able to compete very effectively. And sometimes that means being able to lose money in certain markets while making a lot of money in others. United does have the most international routes of any U.S. airline. We still have not achieved that domestically. We're still, you know, number 3 or 4, depending on how you measure it, but we think we have a lot of runway in front of us there as well. United is headquartered in Chicago, which goes back and forth with Denver to be the airline's busiest hub. Denver is the airline's fastest growing hub and third busiest airport in the U.S. Delta's Atlanta hub is ranked number one busiest, and American Airlines' Dallas hub is the second. Denver Airport has a lot of room to grow compared to some of the older, more constricted airports. When we were planning, we faced a number of constraints. Aircraft and slots are usually the two biggest. New York is the busiest airspace in the world where United operates its Newark hub. One of the ways United plans to grow in Newark with a lack of gates and airspace is upgauging: swapping out smaller planes for bigger ones to fit more people. Their order book suggests that. In 2021, the airline announced its largest ever aircraft order for 270 new planes, with plans to add more roomier seats and seatback entertainment. Once we received and had a stable set of earnings, we were finally allowed and possible to invest in the future into aircraft and products and innovations. And that's really the biggest change. We've made a really strong decision to do is to retire regional jets and replace them with mainline jets. So, domestically, I think it's adding larger airplanes between cities and growing the network that we have, but not really adding a lot of new cities, but actually growing the footprint. United Airlines is an airline that is trying to be a more premium airline right now, much as Delta has been for more than ten years. Delta is kind of the envy of the industry because it has had the widest profit margins for a long time, it has a very high spending clientele, it has a very lucrative credit card deal with American Express. And what United is doing now, it's going after the highest spending customers. A big source of growth in the airline industry recently has come from premium seating. Across the entire experience. We're really focused on trying to embody premiumness. We, across the board, are looking for ways to give customers what they want. But not all customers want the same things. One of the challenges that large airlines like United have is trying to be all things to all people, all kinds of customers. They, of course, want that high value, high-spending customer to buy seats in the front of the plane. But they're also going after customers that maybe want the simplest experience possible and their main concern is getting the cheapest fare. The strategy to offer a wide range of seating options seems to be working. In the third quarter, United's premium revenue, including business class tickets, rose 5% and sales from its basic economy tickets were up 20% compared with last year. We've been able to offer more seats at more price points, and that has allowed us to compete with the low-cost carriers in a price effective way for the basic economy traveler, but it also allows us to compete with the foreign flag carriers by offering a better product in the front of the cabin. That's also helped create a moat around United Airlines to drive sustainable earnings. In general, across United, we sacrifice seats in the coach cabin to make sure there's more Economy Plus seats in each economy cabin for consumers to pick from. One thing that United does and has done for a long time, that Delta is actually copying now, is that they have a different tier of airport lounge: a Polaris lounge for United's top customers that are flying in the front of the plane internationally. And now what Delta is doing, partially because their lounges have become so popular, they're kind of segmenting the lounges and having a top-tier lounge, the Delta One Lounge, and that's really a page from United's playbook. Delta also just announced new interiors for much of its fleet starting in 2025. Technology has also become a big choice to consider for fliers. United just announced it will offer free Wi-Fi using Elon Musk's Starlink system on hundreds of aircraft starting in 2025. Delta has offered free Wi-Fi to its SkyMiles members since last year. Decisions like buying new aircraft must be locked in years in advance. United has been making investments in sustainable aviation fuel, eVTOL and supersonic air travel, it even opened a pilot training school to be better prepared for the growth in air travel and a wave of pilot retirements. They do face a very strong competitor in Delta. Delta is still regarded as the standard setter for excellence among the three largest U.S. airlines. Where the gap is getting bigger is between United and American, which just seems to be falling further and further behind. United just reported higher than expected earnings and forecast higher airfares going into 2025. Its stock hit a high it hasn't seen since February 2020. United's when you just look at their overall earnings profile. Like they tend to be very weighted to the second and third quarter. That is the industry in general, but Delta tends to do a much better job on the shoulder months. So, if United can kind of figure out the off peak or shoulder timeframes a little bit better, you could potentially see them, you know, get in line to overcome Delta at some point. But the reality here is that, like, there can be two. You know, I don't think all airlines are the same. I think every airline is different. And this wheel of investment and growth is what we're on. It's a really powerful wheel, and once you're on it, you want to stay on it and you want to keep pushing forward. And I do think that 5 or 10 years from now, consumers will know without a doubt that United is distinctly different than most of the other competitors they can choose to fly. As if late-night comedians needed another reason to make fun of Spirit Airlines, the discount pioneer filed for bankruptcy in November. "You're trying to tell me they weren't in bankruptcy this entire time?" The number of passengers boarding U.S. airlines hit an all time high in For U.S. airline giants like Delta and United saw their stock prices soar last year, but Spirit Airlines was down 90% before it filed for bankruptcy. Spirit has had one challenge after another coming out of the pandemic. The airline industry has been dealing with supply chain issues and rising fuel and labor costs. In addition to that, Spirit has struggled with an engine recall, grounding dozens of its jets, weaker than expected sales and a failed acquisition with JetBlue. Everybody is dealing with the fact were in 2019. Airlines that have shown more success have greater exposure to premium and corporate, which makes sense because those are the kind of demand segments that you could pass through more of the cost easily. The icon of budget air travel in the US has not been profitable since 2019, 2020. It is the first major U.S. airline to file for Chapter 11 since American Airlines 13 years ago. CNBC explores what drove the airline to bankruptcy and what's ahead for the carrier. Spirit Airlines is known for its bright yellow planes and cheap fares: a business model that helped reshape the airline industry. Before the pandemic, Spirit was one of the more profitable U.S. airlines. They became wildly successful for a pretty simple business model. They offered a rock-bottom fare, and they charged fees for everything else. Everything else includes bags, both checked and carried on, seat selection, it even charges for water. It started its à la carte model in 2006, spearheaded by its CEO at the time, Ben Baldanza. Spirit Airlines was very successful in driving down fares and many markets, the larger competitors, the United's of the industry. We're trying to compete with them and it sparked fare wars and ultimately for consumers looking for cheap flights. It was great. Spirit is often ranked as one of the safest airlines in the U.S., but it's also been ranked one of the world's worst airlines due to customer complaints. "Guys, never fly with Spirit." "Y'all want to get on this flight or not?" "Yes we do, girl." "Alright, so everyone's going to shut up, and we're going to say this once, and we're only going to say it again because we're frustrated as hell." "Yeah." After a steady streak of profits, the company has struggled to earn money since 2019. The pandemic was devastating to all the airlines, but that was just the start of Spirit's financial woes. Passengers have since returned in record numbers, but airlines are facing shortages of new planes and higher labor costs. The industry having costs that are 30% higher than they were in 2019. All fares have to be about 30% higher than 2019. So, when you are catering to the market that's more price sensitive, it's going to be harder to pass through those costs. Airlines like Spirit and Frontier are built on a model that depends on keeping costs low. Coming out of the pandemic, nobody had low cost. Pilots were in short supply, you saw these enormous bonuses being handed out, new labor contracts came out. Spirit was among them. They bumped pilot pay more than 30% over a couple of years. And that was a big cost to them. Inflation, the same way that it affected consumers, it also affected airlines. On top of that, many airlines had to shift growth plans due to the delays in aircraft deliveries. Spirit, who has an all Airbus fleet, was affected by a Pratt & Whitney engine recall that grounded dozens of its jets. So, this has been a bigger drag for Spirit. It has by far the largest exposure to this issue. That kind of limited its capacity. You need those planes to make revenue and get people on board and bring cash in the door. The other thing is that they have been in this M&A umbrella for two years. So two years of, you know, trying to figure out if Frontier or JetBlue was buying them. In February 2022, Frontier Airlines agreed to merge with Spirit, but a few months later, JetBlue came in with a $3.6 billion all-cash offer. In announcing this, you guys said during the extensive discussions held between Spirit and JetBlue, Jetblue itself admitted that a lawsuit from the DOJ seeking to block the merger was a 100% certainty. Let's be clear. Are you basically saying that JetBlue said to you guys, "Look, we know we're not going to get this thing through without having to go to court." Yeah, that's what they told us, which is, we agree with, by the way. And it kind of makes the whole thing, to the point of being illusory, it gets to that greater point. And it really does call into question what the motive here is. The executive team at Spirit told their shareholders, we think Frontier is the better option. The shareholders saw the all-cash offer, they turned down the Frontier deal and then they went for JetBlue. In January of 2024, a judge blocked that deal, and it ultimately fell through. Over the past decade, low-cost carriers have seen increased competition from legacy carriers like American, Delta and United. Spirit had become very successful, and the big airlines did not like that. They had a lot more firepower than, you know, little Spirit Airlines. And it saw that fares were going down in some of its key markets. They don't like someone coming in and offering these double-digit fares into their markets. So, what Delta did and sort of kicked off this industry trend was they offered their own sort of barebones fares: it was called "basic economy." Typically, a basic economy fare is very restrictive and only includes the flight. It is nonrefundable, non-changeable. Passengers can't pick their seat and board the plane later. A barebones fare on legacy airlines still comes with nonalcoholic beverages and a snack. On Delta and JetBlue, a basic economy ticket still comes with free Wi-Fi. What a deal to realize is that the base fare was a nice hook for the ULCCs, and by the time the passenger went through the booking process and put everything together, they were now paying a fair that Delta was willing to support. Travelers preferences have changed coming out of the pandemic, with many consumers willing to spend on better seats or perks like lounges. Delta said its premium revenue has outpaced standard seats for several years. United said it's been sacrificing economy seats to add more Economy Plus seats, its extra legroom It reported a 5% rise in premium revenue and 20% rise in basic economy tickets from a year ago. And as United upgauges, I think they're going to have more seats to dedicate to basic economy. But I look at that more as a defensive tool than a ULCC killer. But it does make life harder for ultra low-cost carriers competing in these large markets with the legacy carriers. The pressure on ultra low-cost airlines has led to some big changes. Spirit and Frontier got rid of most ticket change fees last year and started offering pricing bundles. That includes things they used to charge separately for. Also, while Spirit already offers travelers the big front seat, Frontier said it will install first class seats to its fleet. Frontier has also had a period of losing money, but they've had other challenges. Frontier CEO Barry Biffle said one of the biggest gaps in the company's revenue model came from not offering first class seats. Even Southwest Airlines, the fourth biggest carrier in the U.S., is making changes. The airline that has had open seating and one cabin service for over 50 years is now adding extra legroom seats and ending open seating to improve revenue. With Southwest, you're seeing a lot of just evolving with customer demand that maybe is 5 to 10 years too late, but they're making that change. You know, where they fly has changed, how full the planes have become has changed. And so, that brings a change in customer preference of wanting this surety of an assigned seat. As a result, airline cabins have become more segmented to offer different products for multiple price points. Many now offer more than just coach and first class. A long haul flight could have first, business, premium economy, extra legroom, regular and basic economy options. Everybody's kind of recognizing that people are willing to pay up for experiences, and it's interesting where most of the changes are happening is in the middle end of the experience segment. So, it's not first class seats that are getting added. It's really premium economy. That model is so important to airlines' loyalty programs, which is really what drives their profits these days. It's had enormous growth, these credit card agreements with some of the country's biggest banks, bring in billions of dollars for airlines. And if you don't offer products that customers can cash in those points for, then you're toast. Even though Spirit has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, that doesn't mean the airline ceases to exist. The airline will continue to operate and sell tickets for future flights. Analysts expect Spirit to come out of this process a smaller airline with fewer routes. One thing that is likely to happen in Spirit's bankruptcy is they need to get their costs in check, and they need to do it very quickly. They've already sold a chunk of their fleet to raise cash. They are also likely to lay off more of their workforce. They furloughed more than 300 but there is probably more shrink in the company to come. Merger talks could also resume in 2025. I think a combined Spirit and Frontier give them the best chance of really giving a good competition to the legacy carriers and the low-cost carriers, because you get a ubiquitous network, you get economies of scale and a lot of benefits that can help you go after that market. Spirit said in an emailed statement to CNBC that its new travel options and increased flexibility reflect our ongoing efforts to provide greater value and comfort, and that it is well positioned for long-term success and are confident that we will become an even stronger competitor upon emergence from the Chapter 11 process. With all of these challenges facing questions remain about whether the low-cost model is dead or if it's just evolving. They are recognizing that they can appeal to a passenger that wants a little bit better experience, like extra legroom, maybe a little bit more service in-flight. So, they are recognizing that and trying to appeal to that and expand their customer base a little bit more. But in general, I don't think the low-cost carrier industry is dead. It just needs to be resized for the current realities.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ginborgho [1 likes]: well farewell spirit
  2. @mariowilliams47: R I P Spirit.....
  3. @whatif5975: I’m not sure if we’re going to see TAROM flying for more than a couple of months. The last solution could be operating only with the remaining 4 ATR 72-600 to domestic and regional flights from Bucharest. And this is possible only if their other assets value more than their debts and European Commission’s aid. I think there are many chances to be the end soon
  4. @Acolyte-66: Who’s here after spirit’s collapse
  5. @AJ-dl7te: Its still a bus.
  6. @pbwmanagement: Boeing is "too big to fail" and is a fully entrenched recipient of corporate welfare  via the US taxpayer.
Boeing's CEO sleeps well at night and is stress free.
  7. @MsBeautiful0217: I went to Seattle for spring break
  8. @bingosunnoon9341: Reagan destroyed the unions and allowed airlines to pay starvation wages. What more do these clowns need?
  9. @jamesmasters4255: Dave calhoun was Boeing and was fired.
  10. @jsundberg5542: would be nice if airlines had friendly flight attendants who greet you and acknowledge you when ur entering the aircraft!!!!!
  11. @jsundberg5542: I have no sympathy if any of these airlines or companies go under.  it's all about profit profit
  12. @jsundberg5542: so if airbus has their own crisis who are we going to buy planes from??? a mess
  13. @lancemarshall241: Should I buy stock in Spirit Airlines?
  14. @lancemarshall241: Capture every market segment with differential pricing; put a different label with different prices for the same product inside!
  15. @lancemarshall241: Enjoy your Delta Dog Biscuit!
  16. @lancemarshall241: I bet your pilots would like some "junkies" whom have knowledge of pharmachology to teach them how to use stimulants without crashing or getting shot down!
  17. @lancemarshall241: I demand a French Chef with the 3rd corse of the meal being rock lobster tail and fellet mignon!
  18. @lancemarshall241: It wasn't a flop for one Norwegian who flew home from Las Vegas with $10,000,000.00!
  19. @lancemarshall241: It can be strange, the factors that constantly changing affecting businesses. How can you predict to have foreknowledge of the future?
  20. @lancemarshall241: How do you say Colombian, "Pardon me sir, do your Airports feature dogs, X-ray machines, or any machines that see into the bodies of the passengers?"

- Why More Doctors Aren’t Millionaires: Kind: captions Language: en doctors are rich at least that's what everyone tells you right although doctors in the u.s often make a very comfortable living they often aren't living the last lifestyle you might expect and here's why what's going on guys for those of you who are new here my name is kevin jabal physician entrepreneur based in las vegas formerly in plastic surgery although becoming a doctor is a relatively guaranteed path to a high income it isn't the best career if you're optimizing for money it's true that doctors often enjoy a stable upper middle class lifestyle but it's a far cry from balling out on fancy dinners fast cars and luxury yachts day in and day out here are 5 reasons why more doctors aren't multi-millionaires let's start by addressing the elephant in the room opportunity cost by choosing a career in medicine of course you're missing out on all those other opportunities that would have been available to you had you chosen a different career path that's because to become a doctor in the united states you must complete four years of college then another four years of medical school followed by three to seven years of residency depending on your specialty and one to two years of fellowship if you do choose to sub-specialize it should be noted that bsmd or similar programs exist which allow students to receive their bachelor's degree and their md degree in seven years instead of eight however that's not really the norm regardless it takes over 10 years of post-secondary education if we compare this to other career paths like engineering and computer science you can finish your degree in four years and immediately go into the workforce in addition the years spent training to become a physician are often more challenging than in other career fields during college you're expected to achieve a high gpa and mcat score while simultaneously participating in all these different extracurriculars like research volunteering shadowing leadership and other clinical experiences during medical school you'll spend the majority of your time in class clinic or studying for your board exams so you can ultimately match into your desired specialty and then once you get into residency you'll spend anywhere from 50 to 80 plus hours per week working on top of the time spent studying outside of the clinic or hospital even if we look at family medicine one of the specialties with the shortest training pathways the average physician will have around 21 to 22 000 hours between medical school and residency training for perspective the average person works approximately 2 000 hours per year that means that the average family medicine physician puts in the equivalent of 10 years of work in just seven in addition to the missed opportunities in terms of time there's also significant financial opportunity costs associated with becoming a doctor according to educationdata.org 76 to 89 of medical school graduates have educational debt and the average medical school graduate owes 242 000 in total student loan debt that's six times as much as the average college graduate if we consider both the current student loan interest rates and the average amount of time that it takes positions to pay back all their debt the average doctor will ultimately pay between 365 thousand and 440 000 for their student loan plus interest for this reason even after completing residency many physicians don't get to truly enjoy the fruits of their labor until they pay down their loans now there are some loan forgiveness programs such as pslf where after 10 years of regular payments of minimum payments i should say the rest of your loans are forgiven but these have really strict requirements as to who is eligible not only must your loans qualify but your repayment program and your employer must qualify as well as such there have been many physicians who believe that their payments qualified for pslf only to find out that they actually didn't so if you are relying on pslf or other loan forgiveness programs to help repay your loans i highly recommend that you look into the specific requirements and ensure that you are eligible the next reason goes hand in hand with opportunity cost however it's important enough that it deserves its own point by pursuing a career as a physician you often miss out on the opportunity to start investing at an early age one of the most powerful wealth building tools is compound interest as albert einstein once said compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world he who understands it earns it he who doesn't pays it to demonstrate this point here's an example if you were to invest just 500 on the stock market every single month starting at the age of 25 and averaged a modest annual return of seven percent each year you'd have around 1.2 million dollars at the age of 65 despite only having invested 240 000 of your own money in contrast if you were to begin investing that same 500 a month at the age of 35 you would have less than half of that at around 567 000 this is the power of compound interest to afford college and medical school many students have to take out student loans as such very few students are able to build sizable savings and start investing during their early 20s in fact many don't even start seriously investing until they're well into their 30s and they've been practicing as an attending physician for several years although doctors do earn higher salaries than many other careers that's 260k for primary care physicians and 360k for specialists and they can invest more aggressively once they start their careers their starting line begins much later than for most other people because of their high income most doctors will ultimately come out ahead financially in the long term however if your primary goal is money becoming a doctor isn't the most efficient way there are many other careers where you can earn a high salary and start investing much earlier in life to learn more about these careers be sure to check out my highest paid careers video linked below the third reason that more doctors aren't millionaires is lifestyle inflation because of the super delayed gratification associated with becoming a physician many doctors succumb to rapid lifestyle inflation once they start making higher salaries during your 30s many of your friends are already well established in their careers whereas you as a doctor are just starting yours your friends who started their careers right after college will have nearly a decade's head start on their earnings many will be buying cars and houses and starting to settle into their life this often isn't the case for physicians at this age as a result many physicians feel like they're behind their peers throughout their training so once they start earning a high salary they try to make up for lost time and look i know it's it's easy to think if this isn't gonna apply to you because you're downing cup noodles every night on your shoestring budget as a college student but lifestyle inflation in your 30s hits almost everyone it's not uncommon to see newly minted physicians purchasing their first house buying a new car and splurging on luxuries right after they finish their training in a sense they feel like they've earned it and they deserve to let loose financially although you can't blame them for feeling this way as they've worked incredibly hard for over a decade to get to where they are it's likely not the best approach to finances especially if you have significant student loans the other issue is that doctors are held in high regard by society so many of them feel like they have a certain image that they need to keep up with that combined with keeping up with the joneses can create situations where you have doctors living paycheck to paycheck or sinking further into debt despite earning high salaries so i didn't come from a financially privileged background and i spent much of my life living incredibly frugally i thought that lifestyle inflation it just wouldn't affect me while i still practice frugality such as buying a cheap but super fun sports car i've got to go to gr86 which i'll talk about on my other channel jabal and cars i do also splurge a little bit i get guaca chipotle and i buy charmin ultra soft tissue paper as if i was in the upper echelons of society the way that i live life now is much more indulgent than i would have predicted just a few years ago it's easy to say that you'd be able to live the same lifestyle making 50k a year as you would making 150k or 250k a year however actually doing it is a lot easier said than done another reason that more doctors aren't multi-millionaires has to do with scalability and salary ceilings although most physicians earn high enough salaries to be millionaires if they just save and invest intelligently having more time actually makes it easier to save money there are many career paths that let you make a lot of money which i discuss again in my highest paying careers video but there are also many careers that allow you to make money without having to invest so much of your time and the traditional role of a doctor your income is linked to the number of hours you work you have to show for work and see patients in order to get paid that's active income even if you are compensated based on your productivity there are only so many hours in a day to see patients if you work as a software engineer on the other hand you may be able to create an app or a product that allows you to earn passive income while you sleep in essence you invest time money and resources into something once and then it continues to make you money without much additional work this is leverage in addition to missing out on some of these passive income opportunities most physicians will eventually hit a salary ceiling each specialty will have its own range of salaries that depends on a lot of factors such as practice type location cetera et cetera but there is an upper limit that's why you'll almost never see a family medicine doctor or a pediatrician making millions of dollars per year the exception here is if you either become a partner in a practice or you start your own practice you get a little entrepreneurial with things in this case your earning potential is only limited by how much you're willing to expand that being said this does require you to run a business and take on all of the non-doctor responsibilities that do come with it this brings me to the sponsor of today's video locum story if you want to increase your earning potential but don't want to run a business another option is to work in local tenants locum story is an online educational resource for physicians physician assistants and nurse practitioners to learn about welcome tenants what are locums you might ask in short these are temporary assignments that allow doctors and apps to provide coverage for a hospital clinic or healthcare facility for a designated period of time these assignments can be as short as a weekend or as long as several years it all depends on the level of need and the provider's preferences there are many reasons you might choose to work in locums to start it provides you with much greater control over your schedule you don't have to worry about missing out on holidays or special occasions because you're in control of when and where you work it also gives you the time and flexibility to pursue your hobbies and interests outside of medicine in addition you'll be making between 33 and 50 more than physicians in permanent positions allowing you to pay back your debt and start building your wealth sooner whether you're looking for more flexibility better pay or just a change of scenery there are many opportunities within locums that allow you to carve out your own niche and create the career that you want it doesn't matter if you're just finding out about locums and want to learn more or if you're trying to set up your first assignment locum story has a variety of resources to help you at every step of the way from comprehensive blog posts and frequently asked questions to tax and insurance resources welcome story has everything you need in one place visit locumstory.com forward jabal or click the link in the description to learn more about locum tenants the last reason that more physicians aren't millionaires is that they think becoming wealthy is a matter of luck although it would be naive to say that luck doesn't matter it often doesn't matter nearly as much as people think okay look there are people who are born into wealthy families that pay for their medical school and set them up for financial success there are also people that happen to invest in meme stocks that just happen to 100x in price undeniably these people are lucky that being said you don't have to be lucky in order to be financially successful you can work hard and create your own luck in many instances take my experience for example now granted i was lucky in a lot of ways but i was also unlucky in a lot of ways not only with the financial strain of growing up but also having the concurrent family and health issues that i've talked about elsewhere on this channel and on medical insiders now despite these disadvantages i worked my ass off during college to become a top student which allowed me to get into a top medical school and have them pay for all of my tuition and most of my living expenses and i didn't stop once i was in medical school either i worked really hard to become a competitive residency applicant and ultimately match into plastic surgery now had i stayed a career as a plastic surgeon but it provided me with a comfortable living but i resigned from residency to try my luck and my vision for medical education and entrepreneurship i was actually working more grueling hours in that first year of the new business than what i did in residency i was consistently putting in 100 plus hour weeks but as a result of all this hard work i was able to pay off my college and medical school loans and get into a position where i didn't feel the pain of financial stress and you can do that too just because we didn't win the family finances lottery or get lucky in crypto doesn't mean that we can't work towards becoming wealthy you can always work your tail off and become successful the old-fashioned way and here's the thing there's a certain level of intrinsic satisfaction in knowing that you worked for your success and you don't get that if you are lucky or you just have things handed to you work hard and be proud of what you've accomplished not only will this pay off financially but it's also the key to building true self-confidence and self-efficacy and that is priceless thank you all so much for watching if you enjoyed this video then make sure you check out the highest paying careers video or this other video much love and i'll see you guys there [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @searchingfortruth619 [4 likes]: The amount of money spent of healthcare has exploded over the years. I believe physician compensation used to account for appx 15% of all the money, but now it's less than 10%. And the nurses have strong unions, so their salaries tend to be pretty normal, and the difference between doctor vs nurse salary has shrunk over the years.
There are two big winners: hospitals and insurance companies.
  2. @shouperman1 [3 likes]: Doctor are highly paid, may not be the best paid but still very well paid. The good thing about being a doctor is stability. Mass software engineers are getting laid off, but you dont get mass doctor lay offs.
  3. @emedlearning9035 [2 likes]: Becoming doctors spend way too much time and way too less returns
  4. @Regeneration21 [1 likes]: Mentalist Dr Joseph Michael 
Encourage Group & National 
Organization To Recognition 
And Acknowledge Mentalist
Behavior Science Mind Brain 
Body Integration For Solution 
Maximum Human Potential 
Current Human Services And
Manufactured Product Than
Limited Reference Literature.
Learn All That Is Learnable Is
The Best Way To Develop Our
5D Telemetry 6D Telepathy 7
Dimension Perspective That
Vortex Equilibrium Mental &
21 Biological Extrasensory 
Systems Perception. At 8D
Ten Adjacent Memory Data 
Solutions For Every Objective 
Within 10 Seconds. Previous 
Solution Dimensions FDR SID
Facilitation Mental & Physical 
DNA Telecommunications Via
Reflexology Determination To 
Inertia Neurological Pulse Via
Pace Mathematical Constant 
SolutionIntegrationReciprocal
With DNA From Amino Acid &
Protein DNA RNA Mitosis And 
Meiosis Cellular Membrane At
Margin Via Blood Bone Tissue 
Organs 21 Biological Systems.
At 21 Philosophical Solution 
Dimension With 21 Biological
Extrasensory Systems Every
DNA Telecommunications To
Solid Liquid Gas Night Vision 
Laser Beyond Neon Freon Of
Hydrogen Hardware > Helium
Lucid > Lithium Then Plasma
> Berillium Concrete Boron ~
Carbon Photothesasis To Gas
Nitrogen ~ Oxygen Transitory
Neon Freon Laser At 25D 21
Biological Extrasensory Term
Vental Phenomenon Of FDN 
Futurist After Life Existence 
Solution Data & Verification
And Realization Procedure..
29 Dimension Speed Of Light 
Storage Thought Procedure 
Respective Vision Hear Talk
Individualism Origin Vintage 

Philosophy Political Science 
Government People Relation
History & Heritage Maximum
Potential In Our Life Time For
Mind Brain Body Integration 
Solution For Leaders Experts
(WithEqualDiscoverPotential) Administration Decision 

Human Evolution Solutions For
Maximum Longevity Prosperity 
Via Future Data Reception And
Verification: Learn 7 Dimension 
TSEMAS Recognition Western 
History Heritage Socrates East
Hemisphere The First Buddha
Zakyamuni Chinese Confucius 
Philosophy Behavior Science 
Education 2500 Years Ago At
Tribal To Early Empire Stone
Age Metal Age Palace Guard 
Soldiers With Their Leader Of
Tribal Chief "God" Conquered
The Animal Kingdom Honor:
Early Empire Emperor "God"
Inheritance. Beyond Original 
Roman Empire ~ Abrahamic 
Religion Conquered Western 
Middle East


Wikipedia Keyword Philosophy 
http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy


 Wikipedia Keyword Media
http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media


Wikipedia Keyword Religion 
http://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religion


Scientology beliefs and practices
A person is a thetan, an immortal
spiritual being that resides in a
physical body. A thetan has had
innumerable past lives, some of
lived in extraterrestrial cultures.

Scientology doctrine states that
when a person undergoing the
practice of auditing will recount
a common series of past-life
incidents." Visit Scientology.org


#Wikipedia #Scientology https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientology_beliefs_and_practices 

Mentalist Dr Joseph Michael 
http://www.x.com/drjosephmichael

http://www.LinkedIn.com/in/Regeneration2100



AI Overview
Governor Phil Murphy announced New Jersey's eighth and final round of medical debt relief, eliminating $100 million in debt for about 60,000 residents by partnering with Undue Medical Debt and using federal funds to purchase and erase these bills, continuing a program that has helped hundreds of thousands of New Jerseyans facing overwhelming medical expenses. Eligible individuals, identified automatically without applications, typically have incomes at or below 400% of the poverty level or debt exceeding 5% of their income, with relief coming via letters from Undue. ￼
Key Details:
Total Relief: An estimated $100 million in medical debt erased.
Beneficiaries: Approximately 60,000 New Jersey residents.
Partner: the national nonprofit Undue Medical Debt (formerly RIP Medical Debt).
Funding: Leftover federal funds from the American Rescue Plan.
How it Works: Undue Medical Debt buys portfolios of past-due medical debt from providers (like hospitals and collections agencies) for pennies on the dollar, then abolishes the debt.
Eligibility: No application needed; recipients are identified if they earn up to 400% of the federal poverty level or have debt equal to 5% or more of their annual income.
Notification: Beneficiaries receive letters from Undue Medical Debt. ￼
Context of the Program:
This is the final phase of a multi-round initiative that began in 2024, with earlier rounds targeting debts from specific providers like Prime Healthcare.
The state also enacted legislation, including the Louisa Carman Medical Debt Relief Act, to prevent medical debt from negatively impacting credit scores. ￼
This initiative provides significant financial relief, removing burdens for families and making healthcare more accessible, according to Governor Murphy. ￼
  5. @PauloJAdams [1 likes]: It’s absolutely insane to me hearing people say that a profession making on average well over 100 k a year is not “rich”. You guys are nepotistic
  6. @emedlearning9035 [1 likes]: Doctors are just underpaid and dumb with money
  7. @ninjapirate123 [1 likes]: Most of the billionaires in this world are either engineers or software developers not doctors
  8. @rsb7608 [1 likes]: Diversion tactic to distract you sheep from high medical costs
  9. @lmart16: Choose one: job security and perks vs money. Can't have it all honestly.
  10. @timotheos0190: How much for this talk ?🤣
  11. @bigguschungus2453: All i learned from this is that greedy boomers managed to screw the very people who might save their lives.
  12. @Rainbowofthefallen: Just commenting for the algorithm 🤍
  13. @7Bloodfire: Even 100K a year is gonna be incredible compared to what we have now. I want to be comfortable, not rich.
  14. @YOLO2026-e4x: I’m going to be a lawyer. I don’t have to do residency for 4 years
  15. @contentcreationinsiders: One local guy in Vegas who is big in politics suggested yesterday that the State of Nevada should consider paying off doctor's student loans with the condition that they work in Nevada for a certain period of time. Same thing for nurses. I don't know if that would work to solve the doctors/nurse shortage or not. Maybe your can debate that Dr. Jubbal.
  16. @islam-360-b: Hallo plz help me
  17. @kritika91: Good
Video
  18. @esraamohammed2685: I hateee medicinnnnnn
  19. @ZoeLe-ec1vu: In iraq if you’re a doctor you will get just 900$ a month 🙂
  20. @TheWannabeInvestor: Great info!

- Salary & Income Of A Doctor In India | Explained By Dr. Rahil Chaudhary | Raj Shamani Clips: Kind: captions Language: en If you want to become a better leader in a very short time, then subscribe to Rajumani Clips channel. Okay, I have a question. This is the last segment which I think is very important for my audience because this is career related. So, doctor, you should become a doctor. 100% right. There is no better profession in this. It is truly a satisfying and fulfilling profession. There cannot be a better profession than this. Sometimes you see so many news and articles coming in that doctors are subjected to violence and beatings and this and that has happened in the hospital. Okay, we live with that and sometimes we go through these things and it does not motivate us, but at the end of the day, there is no fulfilling profession. I mean, just imagine when you are treating your patient, then when the patient is treated and the patient gets cured, then the doctor gets more happiness than the patient because Successful in making a difference in some big life so I think I would like to tell all your audience that if you want to choose something nice, satisfying and fulfilling for yourself you must go into medicine I think it is the noblest profession so I have a career related very objective driven questions on this that to become a doctor you have to study for about 15 20 years exactly how many years of study is required to become a doctor how many years did you study to become a doctor you have to study for about 15 20 years 15 20 years after school it comes with a lot of passion you need to have passion and you and not everyone can become one because seats are very limited you need passion you need passion you need perspective you need perspective so first to bahut ki padhai karni padti hai in school itself because you have to take out two seats and everything which are Very limited and then there are no steps that you have to complete. So first you have to complete MBBS which is a five to six year course, after that you go into specialty like after MBBS I take Optometrist which is a three year course, after that you do a super specialty like my super specialty is refractive surgery, operation to remove glasses, that is my super specialty, so then you do two super specialty courses which are of two to three years and after that when you come out you realize that nothing has happened yet, you have just completed your studies, the real part has to happen, so then usually people tend to do two to three years of training at a good hospital, get some experience and then you are good and ready to start your own work, so you will have to study a lot, but it is all worth it because once you come out and start doing, you know that is the time you start enjoying your life. Profession before that, so it gets a little frustrating at times that from morning till night we are studying, all the other friends are partying and we are studying but that is the way it is, so that is why you need a lot of passion to do it. Now I have to break down this quickly, tell me how much money does it cost to study and become a doctor. It depends on many things, suppose you are getting into a private college, then the expenses will be more there, if you get into a government college then it is a little less there, but on an average, if someone in India has to study for 12 years and is super specialized, then if you get admission in a government college then there is no expense at all, you will become a doctor in 10-12 lakhs, if you join a full-fledged private college then you expect the expenditure of about 50 lakhs, okay, the expenses of private colleges etc. are more, plus then you If you want to get into super specialty and all those things, then sometimes you have to fly to American and European countries for training etc. So that also adds on to the expenses. So if you want to become a super specialist, then it means that if you want to become a full-fledged, absolutely top-line doctor, then the cost will be between Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore with in the span of about 15 years. So if I try to become a top doctor in full-fledged, and I spend around Rs 1 crore on my education, then what will be my earning potential? Earning also, you get Rs 1 lakh to 12 lakh per month. If you come out as a super specialist, that is a salary of Rs 1 lakh per month or that is your salary. So, the salary of a specialist in Delhi and Mumbai is around Rs 3 to 4 lakh. Okay, and the moment you enter super specialty, it starts increasing above Rs 7-8 lakh. And then age As you gain experience, it becomes 12-15 lakhs. So the salary is 10 to 12 lakhs. Apart from that, what are the sources of surgeries, but the surgery procedure is also separate. That depends on your understanding with the hospital and all those things. But usually, if you are a good level super specialist person and you entered your mid-life, I may be late 30s or early 40s, then you will be earning good 10 to 12 lakhs a month. Okay, and the surgery cost also gets divided between the hospital and you. That is your understanding. So, some doctors tend to do a sharing model, that we don't want salary. Whatever work I do, I take a share of that. Some people want to be secure. So, they say that I will take a proper salary. I am not concerned about what is going on in the business. That varies from person to person. What is your orientation? Break me both the In quick words, if I am on a fixed model, then in a month you have to do 15 surgeries and the fix for 15 surgeries is that you will get that much money, 12 lakh, 15 lakh, that's your fix, and there are some places where it's like if you are a super specialist, yes if you are talking about super specialist, okay, and then there are some places where they will say that you take a fixed amount of ₹1 lakh, but after that there will be a 50% share or a share of 20-30%, it is all permutation, combination, ultimately you have to understand that running a hospital has its own lot of expenses, there is the expense of staff, there is the expense of electricity, there is a huge expense of infrastructure because the cost of these machines etc. goes in crores, well then you have to keep all ten people who are professionals, so you cannot keep just anyone like that, so you need doctors, you need paramedics, you need optometrists to run the hospital. It is a huge investment that goes into running a hospital. So what I tried to understand is that when you become a doctor, it is more beneficial to become an employee than to become a doctor. People are also entrepreneurs, like my father who started 30 years back, he was in a job for the first two to six years, then he started his own private practice and then I grew up. Then I am the second generation doctor. He both ways, I mean, what ever gives you satisfaction, you should shave. Do you think staying shaved is a compulsion for doctors? He is not a grown doctor, yet it is not compulsory, but it is recommended. Look what happens, all these have happened, doctors are recommended to shave for the reasons for that. One, people have an image of a doctor in their mind. A doctor should look like this, he should be clean shaven, he should be well groomed. He is sitting wearing a tie and that is one part of it, the other part of it is that if you look at it scientifically, all these hairs and all they tend to carry infection, so when you are going to the OT, you want to be as sure as possible that I carry minimal infection, so when we are going for the surgery, we change our clothes, like what I am wearing today is the scrubs that I wear when I enter the OT and properly wash our hands with a special kind of soap, wear auto-clay clothes, we are capped, we are wearing a mask, so that the chances of any infection are minimized, so if you can shave yourself and you know further reduce the rate of infection, then why not get it, there is no such mandate that doctors with beards do not operate, but yes, okay, you are just taking additional measures to save things because we have not seen Kabir Singh. I have not seen anyone else like him, this is the problem, people keep beard, people say that Kabir Singh will do the operation after drinking alcohol, I have Indian mind set, an image of a doctor, he should look like that, I think slowly it is changing, now slowly they have started accepting doctors and also humans, they will get well, thank you so much for watching this clip till the end, my name is Raj Samani and here we bring many knowledgeable, insightful clips for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KPscreation057 [1 likes]: If you got MBBS in government then it's good
  2. @taemoonlight1689: dude somebody look at his hair transformation
  3. @rajendradalei8483: MBBS is a Bachelor's degree, similar to BA, BSc, or BCom. So how much you are supposed to get? And how much should a PhD holders get? When PhD holders in PCM subjects are unemployed, and are either driving autos or taxis, or earning 10-12k per month, what should an MBBS holder should get? Abroad, only PhD holders (MBBS+PG+PhD) are allowed to work in Hospitals and have to do research in addition to patient treatment. So think of Indian standards.
  4. @Ytprime8697: MBBS FEES IN YT VIDEOS ☠️☠️
 MBBS FEES IN REALITY 💀💀💀💀💀💀🔥🔥🔥🔥
  5. @VivekJoshi-d5q: Who say that 50-60lakh will give u a mbbs degree lol 
As a neet aspirant i can truely say that if you want a mbbs degree from a decent priv collage which i don't think so will be popular in your respective city your budget should be 90lakh - 1Cr .... just for 1 ug degree and after this without Pg you will just beg for salary which will be around 35-40k/mnth ... And if you crack neet pg from government clg then you can aspect salary of 80k  but sadly that is not a cup of tea  , it will take a time of 1 year for just preparation and then 3 year pg  ! I Think Ayurveda i a better option for future!
No hate to any doctor ♾️
  6. @AnjuJakhar-i4n: Wa sir
  7. @jeevanjyoti3999: Yeh kya phenk rha hai sach mein...kuch bhi..DM CARDIO KO 4-5 DETA HIA CORPORATE yeh bol rha hai ki 10- 12 lakhs..omg...Kaha kaha se leaate hain inko
  8. @DrBraces: Very well explained. Conversations like this help bridge the gap between medical knowledge and public understanding. Truly informative and practical
  9. @Shreyashwagh-w7x: Bro why are you spreading misinformation.
Waste of time.
  10. @dashavtar6022: Doctor are underpaid in india
  11. @The_Neuro_doc: All wrong information
  12. @khalidbhat7357: Check the stats, time has changed bro
  13. @thapisrija2935: Who is earning 10 lakh per month ? 😂 Im 5 yrs post md, I hardly earn a lakh per month, plzzz don't lie in public 😅
  14. @Hir-jihi_1: Abb to sirf 1 crore mbbs me lag te he after it master is mor than that
  15. @abhirajsingh3330: I'm a heart ❤️ specialist he saying lie guys study in Arts and enjoy ok
  16. @crazy_editing_yt-g: Are bhai hamare village ka jholachaap dr hi kama leta hai 3-4 hazaar roj to
  17. @AyushKumar-zw7jx: Salary jhoot bol rh h if u become doctor in current time you are basically a free labour and make they will try to distroy you as much as they can specially in residency
  18. @snehasishkumbhakar9603: mbbs 1cr then pg 1.2 cr then ss 1 cr
  19. @satvikkalia4614: Toh bhut logo ko fees regarding doubt hoga toh suno hr state me semi govt seats hoti hai except few states up rajasthan vgera unke bcho ko 30 lac me ho jata hai kerala karnataka me total kharcha 45 lac me ho jata hai lekin up se or kr bhi vhi se rhe ho 80-90 lac same cost for deemed university better facilities provided to you 😊
  20. @raptor_ma01: If you want to earn 20-30 lpa you have to become specialist

- How This 41-Year-Old Doctor Living In New Jersey Spends Her $1.3M Income | Glamour: Kind: captions Language: en-US - I'm 41 years old, living in New Jersey. I work as a doctor and I make about $1.3 million a year through practicing medicine and other investments. I have about $6 million in savings, one million in 401k, 350,000 in a Roth IRA, and $4.6 million in other investments, stocks, and bonds. After taxes my take-home is $75,833 a month. $2,600 a month goes to my mortgage, 600 on average on utilities, and $300 on monthly subscriptions. This includes a gym membership and medical subscriptions. That leaves around $72,333 a month to spend. I have no credit card debt and $80,000 in student loans. I still have about $80,000 in student loans and the reason I haven't paid it off is because it's at 1.25% interest and my very intelligent financial planner said, "Why bother?" I make more money investing that than I do having paid it off and not having that money as a lump sum in an investment portfolio. In order to be where I am today, I went through 12 years of schooling. I have a medically related business, and then the money that I have saved up that has yielded investments are the result of my work. What I love most about my job is that there is nothing more personal than being somebody's physician. You can walk in a room and talk to and meet them for the first time, and within a few minutes, they will tell you their deepest, darkest secrets. They will take their clothes off to let you examine them and they trust you, and in barely any other field in the world that you can do that with somebody and have that real connection with someone. The most expensive thing I ever bought, and this may sound strange coming from somebody who is a vegetarian, was a chinchilla comforter after I had gotten divorced. It was probably about $75,000, but it was just something I wanted. Here's my last statement. The first transaction's for parking. It's $15. That was a night we had gone out to go watch a show. I went with my girlfriends. There's nothing better than having some good girlfriends around. And then the United States Post Office, $3.66. I must've been mailing something that needed either certified mail, probably mailing my ex-husband some check for child support or something like that. I today pay my ex-husband child support because I make more money than he does. My child support payments are about $2,000 a month and they go towards paying for a babysitter when my daughter is at my ex-husband's home. I'm like, "If you need a babysitter, "why should she be there?" Stupid idiot [giggles]. Sorry. The next transaction is for the Walnut Street Theatre. I bought tickets to go watch a show there. I do not recall which show that is. I generally go to about 30 to 40 shows a year on average, if not more. The next charge on here's for $210, and that is for my board certification, the renewal for my board certification. If you don't know this, most doctors have to, every few years, go back and show that they are still learning and meeting certain standards to keep their medical license and ability to practice. And then of course I splurged at Starbucks for a whole $11, getting my soy latte and my little egg bundle bites that I get there. That's my favorite thing to eat there. Then spent at AliExpress $12.79. That was for clothing. AliExpress, $34 for more clothes. AliExpress, $48 for more clothes. AliExpress, $55 for more clothes. AliExpress, for those of you who don't know, is part of Alibaba and it is an online shop store that is located in China. And then for insurance, homeowner's insurance, I have them charge it to my credit card every month, and that was $682. Amazon for $15. That was a wig I bought for Halloween. Amazon, $10. That was for makeup for my Halloween costume. I usually do three or four costumes. I was a witch for one of 'em, so I came out of my costume for one day of the year to be my natural self. And then I was a mermaid as well. Wellington Fragrance. That was for aromatherapy. That was $60. I love aromatherapy, whether it's lavender or lotus leaf or whatever it is. It just helps me relax. I have it always going on in my room so that when I come in my room it's associated with calmness. And then DHgate. That is an online store that's in China. It was $168. One of the things I love to do is design dresses and then have their seamstresses sew it for me, and I wore that dress to a gala that I attended. The next transaction is at Wawa. For those of you who do not know, Wawa is the store to be at. It is a gas station with a mini mart and everything you can imagine, including coffee and snacks and groceries. You can do anything at Wawa. I spent $35 there for gas that day. And then I spent money for Spongebob: The Musical, $408, and that will be a gift for my daughter's birthday 'cause she's eight years old. Spongebob: The Musical was breaking the bank there. That's for two tickets. And then I purchased two tickets for Hamilton, which was on tour, for $287. I have now watched Hamilton three times, and every time I watch it I love it and I start crying at the same part each time. And some of you will find humor in the fact that Spongebob: The Musical is more expensive than Hamilton, which is probably the most popular musical ever, in the world. The next charge is for the doctors for the fertility clinic, and that's for $3,150, my best money spent. I had decided to freeze my eggs for the potential of future fertility down the road because I do not have a ideal sperm to fertilize me. There's no worthy sperm that I'm aware of. I'm sure they're out there, but not for me. I don't know if I'll ever use it or not, but I don't know I won't have that chance down the road. neimanmarcus.com. I am such an online shopper. I spent $1,195 for a dress for a gala that I had to attend. And then another Neiman Marcus purchase for $1,000.95. I bought a gown for a gala that I had to attend, and this was for a different one than the other Neiman Marcus purchase. I generally attend probably about 10 or 15 galas a year for various events, usually fundraisers and charitable events throughout the area. neimanmarcus.com online shopping, $598 for a gown. It looked really good. Neiman Marcus, another charge for $695. That was for another gown that I had. I wasn't sure what I wanted to wear, so I ordered two. I probably have well over 100 gowns. I have three closets that are about 900 square feet, and that is probably one of the best things about being divorced. I don't have to share closet space. Amazon for $19. I had to buy an underwater camera cover because I had gone to Mexico. Amazon for $10 and that was for a wide-brim hat, because of course sun protection's important. Amazon for $211. Those were for bikinis. Amazon for $13, and I believe that was for a bikini. Amazon for $8. That was for sunscreen. The Pennsylvania Ballet, $260. Then there is a hospital charge for $20, and that was a deductible I paid for my doctor's visit. SmugMug online photos for $45. After I go to a gala, I like to order the pictures that the photographers take. Makes it fun, memories for me to look at. Terminix for $249. That is a pest control service that I pay for 'cause it is year-round. You have to make sure you don't have bugs in your home. And then there is another charge for Terminix for $89 and that was during the summer for the mosquito treatment. We don't want mosquitoes. I donated $100 to the American Cancer Society. Next is Amazon. I spent $394 and that was for a Lego set for my daughter. And some people may think it's a little funny to spend $400 on Legos, and it may be, but I like my daughter to do things that are learning, that makes her use her mind, so she's not just staring at some screen all the time. Best Buy, $106. My laptop had stopped working, so I needed to take it in so I can transfer the old information to the new laptop because I don't know how to do that on my own. And then Home Depot, $50. That was for paint for unauthorized drawings on the wall by my daughter that had to be painted over. If I could give younger women advice, it would be to go to school and get your education. One of the best things I ever did was have financial freedom. It allows me to live the life that I do, which is filled with happiness, choosing whatever I want, and saying no to anyone who disrespects me. I can't say it on camera, but it's the [beep] you factor. [laughing]

  Top Comments:
  1. @vishalwankhede3003 [1 likes]: She is more independent tham America itself 🎉
  2. @gamf5996 [1 likes]: Doctors making obscene sums of money in the US is why the healthcare system is broken. You don’t study medicine to buy a ferrari, but to help people. Except in the USA.
  3. @lylygirlygirl: My dream life🎉
  4. @HerrLustig1234: Doctors earn way to much!
  5. @amyg28._: Motivation💅🏻
  6. @ReneMendoza-Rivera: I'm up for adoption and also a bouncer. Protection is free of charge.
  7. @midoriioyama9548: Ngl, the chincila comforter was... interssting... as a vegetarian
  8. @sazmeros: Why would she pay for mortgage.. doesnt make any sense to pay that interest w all that savings
  9. @tylerredforge5563: How has she not payed her student loans
  10. @ASDFGHJKL-y6i: Why tf does she have 6 million is SAVINGS? That’s actually extremely odd. Like very very weird. She has 4.6 million invested which is great but 6 million in savings just sitting there is terrible and highly unusual.
  11. @JudgeSarahHeidelIsARacist: This is so cute.
  12. @Wizardnil: 6 million in savings is absolute GOALS
  13. @ronniewilliams1129: Men would be much further and happier in life if they spent and invested money on themselves instead of stupid ex wives and girlfriends.
  14. @genoa4967: 4:30 I LOVE HER LOL 6:28 SHE IS SO FUNNY
  15. @Lúi-c1h: She only has 15mil at 41 I know some people who own Toyota dealerships and make 5 mil and have 40mil
  16. @dkorb2739: Wish I could get 1.26% in student loan interest 
That’s bs
  17. @fabioandres4: She is buying clothes in AliExpress, as an example if you have money you don't need to buy all your clothes in expensive brands
  18. @leesa-n3c: What type of docter is she
  19. @dshai0803: This Dr is so relatable and down to earth. She could spend alot. But doesn't.  For her to freeze her eggs is amazing. I'm studying to become a RE. Love this episode
  20. @namemiddle: Yeah if you make over 6 figures you should be forced to pay off student loans

- How Physicians Turn Everyday Expenses Into $30K Luxury Travel | Dr. Courtney Downes: Kind: captions Language: en So, we spent, you know, under $1,000 to get in cash to get to Singapore in the Maldes and to stay five nights in an over the water bungalow. Spent a couple in Singapore for zero dollars because we booked with high points. So, it was just an amazing experience that we probably wouldn't have had if we hadn't because I don't know that we would I think it the trip would have cost us like $30,000 and I don't think I would have been willing to spend $30,000 to to take a trip or at least one trip anywhere at this point in my life. >> Oops. Welcome to the Physicians and Properties Podcast. The show where we teach you how investing in real estate can give you the freedom to practice medicine and live life how you want. >> Doctor Doctor Doctor. Now, here's your host, Dr. Alex Low. >> Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of the Physicians and Properties podcast. I'm your host, Dr. Alex Low, and today I'm joined by Dr. Courtney DS. Dr. DS is an emergency medicine physician in Las Vegas with some crazy stories. She is a real estate investor and a short-term rental owner who helps high earning professionals turn everyday expenses into extraordinary travel through points and mind. She's the founder of the prescription to travel MD, where she teaches strategies to leverage big expenses, including real estate investing, to unlock unforgettable travel experiences. Today we're going to talk about her journey from the ER to entrepreneurship and how she uses real estate and points to create freedom and some practical ways you can start doing the same. Dr. D, so awesome to have you on the podcast. How are things going? >> Great. Great. Thanks for having me. >> Yeah, absolutely. Really looking forward to the discussion today. Let's go ahead and and take us back. So, do you mind taking us back to what first drew you into emergency medicine and we'll talk a little bit about your origin story in medicine? Yeah. So, I'm emergency medicine trained. I started out not sure exactly what I was going to do as a med student. I got my masters in public health and was initially thinking I wanted to be an infectious disease doctor. And then I realized that I was very much a like let's get to the point kind of person. Not necessarily like all the minutiae but like give me the big picture which pointed me in the direction of emergency medicine. I spent a year or not a year, a month doing my year off doing my masters in Uganda working with an emergency medicine physician and two pedes emergency medicine dogs and I was trying to figure out if I wanted to do pedes emergency at the time and if I was going to do peds route or the emergency medicine route because you know you can enter via both channels and by the time we left there we all decided that I was definitely an emergency medicine doc and that's all she wrote. So, I did my training or did my medical school at Yukon in Connecticut. Did my training in emergency medicine at KU in Kansas City and ultimately returned back to Las Vegas where I was born and raised to practice emergency medicine and that's where I'm at now. So, >> that is awesome. What a what a cool journey. What was that experience like in Uganda for Yeah. >> Yeah. You know, it was definitely an experience. I think I I actually hadn't left the country until till med school. I think that was like my second trip outside of the country and I was there for a month and it was just a different world. One I had no idea that like the beauty that I was going to see when I entered the country. So that was an experience in itself but also just seeing the need that existed the need for health care. I was actually working at a hospital that was there that was founded by one of the docs here and they were really just trying to create the sustainable health care system. really going there and trying to teach the people who were there how to be able to run things and you know be self-sufficient. So I went there doing a project, learning about triage and how they were able to triage their patients and really just helping them implement a triage system because one really didn't exist and just realizing that you know we're really blessed here to have resources where you can you have all this like disposable equipment and you know they didn't have that and then having people come in and needing to be you know ventilated and you have someone who's literally there like bagging them because there is no ventilator until they can figure out how to get them to you know their their next place which was not close at Also yeah. >> Yeah, absolutely. I I spent six weeks in Zimbabwe working at a mission hospital and I had had a lot of similar, you know, experiences and you really take for granted how much we have here in the states how grateful we are here in the States. I mean, people were walking for days just to get to the hospital and then they would sleep outside and wait till the clinic opened or the hospital opened the next day and we could see them and it was it was wild. and you really had to lean on your physical exam skills because you didn't have all the technology that we have here. We were lucky to be able to we were able to bring an ultrasound machine which is really helpful cuz X-ray was down a lot of the time. That was the only other imaging that we had and so that was really interesting and it was it was really cool to see you know some of that pathology but it was heartbreaking at the same time and we saw lots of HIV AIDS and TB and then crazy things like crocodile bites and puff adder bites and all the all these wild experiences. Yeah, it was. Yeah, it was exactly. Yeah, it was it was amazing. It was it was such a incredible experience. And you're right, Africa was it was such a beautiful place. The the people were so beautiful. The relationships were fantastic. It was also eye opening for me to see how materialistically poor folks were there, but relationally how rich they were and that family unit and everything as well. And so it was it was amazing experience. I cannot wait to go back to Africa on some mission trips going forward. So that's really cool and also to hear that that was eye opening for you as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. Know it was it was definitely an eye openening trip for me and and again it kind of solidified where I was going with my medical career you know and it also like helped spark my love of travel which is you know how we got here. So >> yeah that was going to be my next question. Was that kind of you know you said that was your first international trip. Was that kind of the the spark for prescription to travel in D? >> Um you know it wasn't. It was this definitely the spark for my love of travel, I think. So, the first time I left the country, my husband's from Trinidad, so I I went home with him for Carnival. That was my first time outside of the US. And then like that year, I was just kind of all over the place. I got my passport and I was like, whoa, like there's this whole world that, you know, is outside of my, you know, my little home within the US. And, you know, I traveled a little bit here and there and then, you know, marriage and kids and, you know, training and all those things kind of slowed that down. So, I didn't travel as much. And then in 2021, I lost my dad unexpectedly the year that he was getting ready to retire. And you know, we had planned all of these things and he he was actually scheduled to retire the year before, but stayed on because he wanted to make sure my mom, you know, turned 65, she could get her healthcare. And then, you know, he was gone. And I think that just kind of changed the trajectory of my life really. I decided that I wasn't going to wait till it was time to retire to do the things that you know that you're going to do once you retire. And so, and he lived a good life. You know, he I remember one of our family trips we went to Maui. And you know, that was the first time I'd actually left the continental US. But it's such a memorable trip for me. And just knowing seeing how like this man who worked like two full-time jobs for most of his life was just, you know, so free and so he was just a different person when he was there. And I wanted to be able to recreate that for my family. And so I started traveling a little bit more and you know living my life a little bit more. But that also meant that I needed to figure out a way to keep pace with that. So it was like am I going to go work an extra shift or like I I have to figure out a way to do this. And so instead of picking up more shifts, I tried to figure out like how can I do this affordably? And so I started scheduling CME trips for my husband so he could take this time off and be able to use, you know, employer funds to reimburse us for for our travel. And I learned a little bit about travel hacking and in the process of, you know, realizing that I wasn't going to wait for retirement, I realized that I needed to be doing more than just, you know, maxing out my retirement accounts. And so started delving into real estate and we bought a short-term rental. At the time, I didn't know anything about credit card points and travel hacking. So, I probably put most of my home renovation on a single America American Airlines car, which in hindsight was like probably not the best thing, but I earned status with American Airlines that year unintentionally. I opened up a couple in business cards and earned the welcome bonus or the signup bonus that sometimes people call a sub unintentionally. Again, didn't even realize the points were there until, you know, a couple years later I went back and I was like, "Oh, I have these thing called points and I can actually do something with them." And that kind of opened the floodgates for, you know, travel hacking and award travel and realizing that as a real estate, as a real estate investor, you have the opportunity to earn all these points and you can turn your expenses that things that you're already buying, things that you're already paying for into just these extraordinary travel experiences. So >> that's awesome. I can't wait to dive a little bit deeper into that. I want to say so sorry to hear of of the heartbreak of of losing your father. I I can't imagine what that was like for you, but I I am encouraged by the fact and and for folks listening that you're willing to share that to see like, hey, we we can't we shouldn't wait until we're going to retire to live our lives to the fullest and to have those incredible experiences cuz we don't know when that's going to be. And I have another friend, same thing. Their their dad worked and worked and worked and worked and he was saving up to buy an RV and he bought this really nice RV and then a few weeks later he died. And it was just absolutely heartbreaking because we just don't know when that's going to be. And so I would encourage folks to to consider that as we're going forward. How can how can we have these incredible experiences even if we're still practicing medicine full-time? There's still ways to do that and and to kind of make sure that we're living life to the fullest. So thank thank you for being willing to share that and again really sorry that you had to experience that. >> Thank you. >> Well, let's talk a little bit about travel hacking. What what is travel hacking in its simplest form? So travel hacking is basically finding ways to minimize the costs that are associated with travel. If you think of I guess credit cards is one of the most widely used forms of travel hacking. So you can earn points on credit cards for expenses that you already have. So you go and you sign up for a credit card. They say you spend 3,000 or $6,000 over three months and we'll give you 75,000 points and then you can use those 75,000 points to buy gift cards online which you shouldn't do or you can use those 75,000 points and you know book flights for yourself and your family to get to somewhere really cool. So >> that's awesome. Yeah, I want to talk more about like best practices and how to use points in a little bit, but it sounds like the first short-term rental that you bought kind of unintentionally led to you realizing, hey, I can use these points to travel. Let's talk a little bit more about that first real estate deal. What got you started in real estate and why a short-term rental for you? >> Yeah, so I actually have been thinking about ways to diversify our income streams. You know, we were working full-time. and we're already maxing out our retirement accounts and, you know, we're investing in like, you know, index funds and, you know, brokerage accounts. But I learned a little bit about real estate. Did the semi-retired MD their real estate course and learned a little bit about how, you know, how do you find a deal? How do you go after you go out and make your first purchase and then I just kind of went all in after that. So, we bought our first short-term rental a few years ago and it was a property in California. We went and we did the whole renovation ourselves. And so my dad, again, we I just lost my father and he was like the handyman who like did everything for us. Like if someone needed a ceiling fan, hung up. That was, you know, he was the go-to guy. And so, you know, it's like me, my mom, and my sister, and we're there. We're like, we're going to do this on our own. We're like painting and I'm like pulling up carpet and, you know, really doing things so that way I can get my get the participation, material participation that you can get for you can meet the requirement and then you get bonus depreciation and you can save on your taxes and all these things. But it was also just really kind of soothing for us to go in there and like be working together and doing things that he would probably be shaking his head at us for. >> He was probably loving watching you guys work together and and work on that. Where was that? Where in California was that property? >> In Coachella. >> Coachella. Awesome. Do you still have it today? >> Well, we did up until last week. So >> Oh, wow. Congratulations. >> Yeah. So, we we actually sold it and we're we're actually looking into some other things, looking into some commercial real estate and and then myself, I'm trying to convince my husband that we should buy a residential assisted living facility. So, we're So, we're going to have to talk about that because I know I think that's your like your area. >> Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say I know a guy. That's awesome. Well, the short-term rental tool, how did that work out for you? Was was that beneficial that experience for you? >> Yeah. Yeah. You know, it was it was a really good experience. I think I'm a little bit of a creative. My sister's definitely creative. So, it was it was fun to actually go in there and, you know, see this thing come together. I wouldn't say it's fun hanging up the wallpaper, all these. It sounded like a great idea and then I did it and I'm like, I'm never doing this ever again, but it was fun to go in there and like just to be able to do all these things and you realize you're making all these purchases and you're you're making all these decisions about the things that you can do to create this space that people can come into and like really have these experiences with their families and their friends and create these memories. So it's it's nice because again you're you're creating memories for yourself. I'm showing my kids like this is what we're doing. You know my kids were over there. They were painting and doing a lot of things with us. So you know they're learning along the way and then they're also seeing that you know like my daughter will come to me and she's like hey when are we going to when are we going to buy our next house and what are when are we doing our next Airbnb? And she's like well I you know or someday she would say I wish you didn't have to work so much. And she's like, "Well, you already make some you you're already making money from the short-term rental, you know, so we so you can probably cut back on your shifts." And, you know, she's eight. And the fact that she's able like to grasp this concept that I didn't even have to explain to her is just like mind-blowing. So, I mean, there were so many things that came out of just having the property in addition to having the experiences with our family. So, we would go there. We installed a pool so we would go down on the weekends and the kids could swim and you know just really enjoy just being outside of our normal environment. So it was a really good experience for us. So >> that's awesome. And what a cool experience for you know your daughter to realize like hey if I put in this hard work and time I can get that income generated through the property. And it sounds like she caught the bug. Let's get another one. Let's get another one. I was thinking when you were when you were telling the story of them down there painting. I remember our our first short-term rental we bought was in LJ, Georgia, and my son Jack was probably 6 months or so at the time, and I remember he was sitting in like the little Bumbo seat, and we were up till like 3:00 a.m. painting cabinets. He wasn't up till 3:00 a.m., but he was watching us paint cabinets and stuff. And we have a picture of him just like laughing, sitting there watching us work. And I was like, this was this is so cool be able to share this with him then. And then, of course, he's been along obviously each step of the journey and is starting to understand that. And he it he's he's so funny because he'll bring that up to like when are you going to buy another house or like why do you have so many houses for and so it's fun that to him and and now for him to see like hey if I invest in real estate if I invest in entrepreneurship then like I can have freedom to be around more as a dad once he's a dad at that point. So, it's just been really cool to see that, you know, monetarily you can have those awesome ways investing in real estate, but also like it can change your tree as well by just including them and exposing them to what you're doing. >> Exactly. Yeah. So, and and even my son like he's he's already planning out like the design because he's really into design and Disney and animation. He's like, "Oh, we should go buy a place like in Disney World and we should do all these things and this is the kind of room we can create." So, you know, the wheels are like constantly turning and your kids are always learning from you even if you're not necessarily sitting down there teaching them. They see they see what you're doing and that's going to have such a huge impact. So, >> Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Jack's had his first lemonade stand and he's hooked. Like every day he's like, I got to go sell some lemonade. Like, all right, buddy. Let's let's back it up a little bit. So, yeah, he's definitely a little entrepreneur, which is which is really really fun. That is that is awesome. Well, what other real estate experience do you have? and then we'll pivot into talking a little bit more about prescription to travel MD. >> Yeah. So, aside from that, really just investing in like syndications and more like passive in passive income streams at this point. So, we're looking to see where we're going to go next. >> Awesome. Well, that's exciting. We're excited to hear where you guys go next and what that looks like for you going forward as you continue on that fun journey. >> Yes. >> Um well, let's let's talk a little bit more about prescriptions to travel indeed. So, how did how did that come about? It sounds like you almost kind of stumbled into it and realized like, hey, I'm I'm on to something really cool. Is that how it happened for you? >> Yeah. Well, you know, I was doing these things. Like I said, I I realized that I could use see me to be able to take more trips and then I realized I could use points and I was doing it, you know, making all the mistakes that you make when you're just learning about points and using I had Capital One points. I was like, "Oh, I can just erase this trip I just paid for and, you know, use the points erase feature." And then I started being a little more intentional about it. Again, realizing that with the short-term rental, I had all of these expenses. So, I'm paying for Netflix subscriptions and I've got Price Labs and I've got, you know, owner res and I've got all these subscriptions that I could be generating income from. If I'm going to a meeting that's dealing with real estate, I can, you know, I have business I can apply for business cards. So, as a business, you can apply for business cards, which opens up this whole new avenue of of points earning opportunities. So, you're you have options for all these really cool business cars that have like 0% APR. So, you can buy a you can buy something that maybe you need a roof that needs to be repaired. I didn't have that experience thankfully, but maybe that comes up. You go and get your AX Blue business card, 0% APR. There's no annual fee and I can earn points for, you know, the roof repair that I just did. And now, instead of it being this negative experience where I was like, "Oh, I just had to spend all this money." I'm like, "Okay, now I can go and, you know, take a really cool trip." So, it was just really nice realizing that I could optimize the expenses that we had and use that to do things like, you know, take my husband to the Maldes, you know, for a really cool trip. So, >> that sounds amazing. Yeah, I was trying a little bit inside as you were mentioning that cuz I just spent like $8,000 last week replacing the HVAC on one of our rental properties and I don't know why I didn't use a a business credit card. I just just used a debit card, which is really dumb. So, I wish I had you on the podcast last week, but that it is what it is. >> Because next time you'll be ready, right? Right. >> Exactly. Right. Exactly. Right. So, let's let's talk a little bit more about points and point strategy. So, I'm sure folks are probably familiar with with credit card points, but what have you figured out or what have you learned or what are some good tips and tricks for how to use those points more efficiently or to to benefit you more? So, >> yeah. So, the biggest thing is like you said, if you have a huge expense coming up, that's a great time to sign up for a new card. So, the welcome offers that you get when you sign up for a new card are going to be the most I guess that's going to be the biggest way to earn points. And so, if I know like the hur there was like a hurricane earlier a couple years ago and our fence blew over. So, I knew I had to get a whole new fence repaired. So, I was like, "Well, if I'm going to have to cover this expense, I might as well sign up for a new credit card and earn a welcome bonus for it." So, you sign up a new credit card. I pay the contractors. I make sure that the contractor actually accepts this particular card. I get the card, I make the payment. So, my now I've got a new fence, but now I've got 100,000 points that I can use. And that's, you know, our, you know, roundtrip business class flight to to Europe. So, just realizing that, yeah, if you have a big expense coming up, that's a great time to sign up for a new card. You don't have to be I think that those of us in the points world get a little crazy sometimes with like getting signing up for new cards and you don't have to be that way. You can get just have two or three good cards in your wallet that will earn like two times points back on on things. So the Amex Blue Business card is a great card. It's a zero annual fee card. It'll give you 0% APR for the first 12 months most of the time. It doesn't have a huge welcome bonus. Usually you'll start out at like 15,000 points, but if you sign up for a card, you'll find that they'll send you more offers for more cars and the offers get better. So that's a great card. The Chase Inc. Business cards are usually the cards that I recommend starting with. There is a Chase Inc. Business Cash card and a Chase Inc. Business Unlimited card. Both of those are zero $0 annual fees per year. They both come with 12% or 12 years or sorry. So the Chase Inc. Business Unlimited and Chase Inc. business cash card come with 0% APR for 12 months. You can use those cards to again make major purchases if you're renovating a home or or anything that comes up and you don't have to worry about paying off the balance right away. Most of the time I do recommend that you pay off the balance right away because you don't want to generate any interest, right? You don't want to be paying any fees. So, my cards are set so that I pay off the balance every month in full. So, I'm basically getting free money. But the moment you start paying those, you know, 25% interest fees, you're basically negating all the effects of actually earning the points. So that's that's key, making sure that you're paying off um your expenses right away. And also, again, just making sure that you're getting the right cards. So like I said, those are really the cards that I recommend starting with, especially for investors who may have high expenses. If you're really into big-time investing and you've got huge expenses, you'll probably want cards that have a higher availability of credit. So maybe you'll need like $30,000 that you need to be able to put on a card. You can look at like there's a Chase Sapphire Reserve business card which is going to give you a huge welcome bonus. It has a high annual fee. The Chase, not the Chase, American Express business platinum card is a great card as well. It's a charge card, so you're not capped on how much you can spend on the card. So, if you've got huge expenses either in real estate or with your medical practice, for instance, maybe you go out and you buy vaccines and you need to be able to spend a lot on those, you can use the card. And then most of the time, if you're doing real estate or you're running a business or running an office practice, those expenses are going to be reimbursed or covered by, you know, whatever you're making through the practice anyway. So, again, these are expenses that you're already expected to expend on and you might as well be making the best of that, right? The goal of credit cards is not to go out and buy things unnecessarily and just spend and buy things that you don't really need just in the sake of points, but it's to leverage the expenses that you already have to really just create these opportunities for amazing experiences with your family and your friends and the people who matter to you most. So, >> yeah, I love that. Yeah, just for to kind of foot stop but what you're saying there, Courtney, like we're not we're not telling you to go in a bunch of debt so that you have these points. were saying, "Hey, if you have the the cash and the availability to pay for these big expenses, why not use a credit card to do that and pay off the credit card so you're also benefiting from the points or the sign on bonuses?" >> Exactly. >> That's awesome. >> Yeah. >> Can you share a favorite travel story that you've had with, you know, our trip that you had that was funded with points? >> Yeah. So, we've taken quite a few, but I guess most recently, um, we went to the Maldives and to Singapore. So just myself and my husband, we were able to book business class flights from LA to Singapore for 100,000 points a piece. So 200,000 points one way, but $11. So $1 for 16 hours in Singapore Air Business, which was just an amazing experience. Um, you know, live flat seats. They're they're feeding you throughout the whole flight. You get off the flight and you're going like it's over already, you know? So it's like the one time that you're actually really excited to be like going somewhere. It's part of the experience. We went to the Maldes. We stayed at the Waldo Historia, which is, you know, amazing property. You've got a full suite, over the water bungalow, which we spent $800 for for five nights. So, we collected Hilton Points when the nights came up because it's very hard to book. And I was up at work one night, and I was just like, "Oh my gosh, there's like a full month availability open." So, I'm like, "I'm booking these right now, and I'll ask questions later." So, >> love that. >> I spent $800 to buy points. I don't usually recommend buying points, but there are times when it makes sense. So, I bought points for $800 because I knew that would give me the fourth night on points. If you book four nights with Hilton, you get the fifth night free. So, that was five nights. So, I basically spent $160 per night for an overthewater bungalow in the Maldives. So, and then we booked our flights back, which was like another 200 plus thousand points. So, but $200. So, we spent, you know, under $1,000 to get in cash to get to Singapore in the Maldes and to stay five nights in an overthe water bungalow. spent a couple in Singapore for zero dollars because we booked with high points. So, it was just an amazing experience that we probably wouldn't have had if we hadn't because I don't know that we would I think it the trip would have cost us like $30,000 and I don't think I would have been willing to spend $30,000 to to take a trip or at my life. So, >> yeah. Wow, that is so cool. How was the Mald? >> It was amazing. Yeah. I mean, it was we we got a chance to go diving with sharks and, you know, you could walk right off to the villa and go snorkeling and, you know, just peace and quiet and just really just a time to just rest. Just Yeah, >> that's amazing. And what a cool time to be able to do that with your husband without the kids. We love our kids so much obviously, but it's nice to have that time with just your spouse. It's difficult to get that time sometimes. So, what a cool experience. >> Yeah. So, and I'm fortunate enough that my mom and my sister are here, so they're like really helpful and they're they were okay with us being gone for, you know, almost two weeks to just take some time for ourselves and but then we we reward them, too. So, having point gives you the ability to be able to travel with your extended family. So, the summer before we actually took a trip to Amsterdam and I was able to get flights for, you know, my whole family. I think it ended up costing us $384 and44,000 points for total for six of us to get to Amsterdam non-stop from Las Vegas. And so yeah, those are experiences. If if we had to pay cash for it, we probably we would have been in California. >> But you know, the PowerPoints. So >> that's that is so cool. Yeah. I was going to ask what cards you recommend. So thanks for for hitting those. That's that is a huge tip there from that perspective. Have you noticed physicians, you know, making some common mistakes when it comes to using points or travel hacking or anything like that? >> Yeah, I think I think as all all of us, we we tend to not really optimize our points, physicians and non-positions. I think from the physician standpoint again, we tend to have higher expenses than than the normal people and we don't realize that we could be using that as an advantage and signing up for new cars because I think people get a little lerary of signing up for cars. They worry that it's going to decrease their or ruin their credit. They worry that they shouldn't be signing up for so many cars. I already have a card. I have my Amex Platinum and I use that for everything. And it's like, yeah, that's probably the number one. Don't use your AX Platinum card for everything. It's shiny. It's it's it's great, but it's probably the wrong card to be using for most of your expenses. But if you have it and you love it and you know that you can maximize that $800 annual fee, then by all means, keep using it. But sign up for an AX gold card so you can earn four times on dining and you can earn four times back on, you know, grocery shopping. So that way you're actually making points in addition to, you know, having your AX Platinum card. I was gonna say, "Tell me tell me more because I am that guy." >> Yes. You know, and I love and I and I don't have the Amos Platinum card myself, but my husband has it. And so, like, I love that they give you the $200 annual fine hotel resorts credit. So, last week we went to we went out to a concert and then we went and stayed at the Fountain Blue. He had the $200 credit. The hotel cost us $270 for a night. So, we spent $70 for a night at the Font Blue, which is amazing. It also gave us free breakfast and it gave us an extra $100 credit for dining. So basically I made $80 by, you know, using the card to to go out there and, you know, and we had a a great date night. So I don't think it's it's a bad card and it does earn five times back on like if you're booking flights and and so I think that's definitely an advantage, but I think if that's the only card in your wallet and you're using it for everything, you're missing out on points. >> Good to know. I need to do some some digging and and get another card. That's that's awesome. Yeah. So, thanks for opening up my eyes to that. For the for the folks who are listening this who are who are concerned about opening up multiple different credit cards, what what's some things that you've learned in terms of maybe impact to credit or any things to be aware of in terms of closing cards or anything like that? What have you learned from that perspective? >> Sure. So, opening up cards I found actually increased my credit score. So, my credit score I've got I won't even share how many how many credit cards I actually have, but my credit score is still in the 800s. When you open up cards, you're not using all these cards at the same time. So, sure, I'll put spend on it, but I meet the signup bonus and then that card goes in a box and then I move on. And so, the amount of credit that's available to me is pretty high. And so, they use that in determining what your credit score is. So your your score might drop a few points when you open up a new card just because of the inquiry, but that usually will rebound pretty quickly. And so don't be afraid to open up credit cards. The other thing is that if you're opening up business cards, those count those those don't count against you for your personal credit score. So I have a few personal credit cards, but most of the cards that I've opened have been business cards. And so you can open up if you do anything from, you know, walking dog or dogs or Door Dash. Like I I did a Door Door Dash run a couple weeks ago all the name of points, but that by itself opened up, you know, a new window. So I can be a Door Dash driver and now I'm an independent contractor and I have earned income and I can open up a business credit card as a sole proprietor. So just I think you shouldn't be afraid to open up cards. You shouldn't be afraid to open up business cards. If you have a side gig or side any type of side hustle, that will count as a business. And you can have cards that are separate. So I've got cards for my property, for my LLC. I've got cards for my business's prescription to travel and D. I have cards for myself as an independent contractor as I do do something like 1099 work. So, all that has created opportunities for me to open up more cards and generate more points and just keep it's the gift that keeps on giving. So, >> yeah, it sounds like it. It sounds like you have quite the quite the strategy, too. Do you ever close any of those cards or you just leave them open? >> I do. So, there's some cards that that I like to say they're cards that I like to date. So, you'll date them and then decide that, you know, this isn't working out for me. So, I used it. It had a great welcome bonus at the time, but it doesn't make sense for me to pay another, you know, $600 annual fee for it. It was, "Thank you for the Thank you for the $175,000 points you gave me, but it's time to move on." And there's some cards that are keeper cards. So, like again, my husband, he he has very few credit cards, but he's got the Amex Gold card, and you know, that's what we use if we're going to go if we're dining, we use that card. Or I have my AX business goal card. That's my dining card. That's my gas card. So, you just have to you have to know what card. You don't have to know everything about the card, but you figure out what your major expenses are and you figure out what's my go-to card for that major expense. So, you're not getting one times back on your groceries when you can be earning four times back, you know? >> Yeah, that's that is a great point. I hope my wife's listening to this episode because we're both guilty of the platinum question. That's awesome. Well, do you see kind of an overlap between the freedom that traveling, real estate, entrepreneurship has given you and how you practice medicine now? >> Yeah, definitely do. I think all these things ultimately led to me wanting to wanting more freedom. Um, I think it's it's very hard working in in medicine and realizing that you don't have any control over your schedule. You don't have time freedom. you're working towards financial freedom so that way you can get time freedom to do the things that you want to do and at the same time you're you should know that I think you're always going to keep wanting those things and at what's the word there's always that push to want more like whenever you think you've made it then there's something else that's going to be driving you to to want more so I think you have to find contentment within the space that you're in and know that this is the time right now that you can be traveling, that you can be doing all these things, that you can be spending time with your kids and and your and your spouse and really building those relationships and and at the same time, you can be always striving towards something else. And so, I think points allow me to find that happy medium. So, it allows me to say, "Okay, well, I've got these points and I don't want them to expire, so I'm going to use them. So, we're going to take the time now. We're going to plan a trip and go this year and then we're going to find some time that's outside of, you know, our everyday lives so that we can actually spend quality time together. So, yeah, sure, we're we're together during school drop offs and we're, you know, together when we're we come home at dinner and everybody's, you know, on their tablets and doing all these things, but you're not really spending quality time together. So, I know that I've got these points and we're going to plan this trip cuz I got these points, right? So, I have have to spend them and we're going to go and we're going to and spend some time together as a family and just really build out this relationship. At the same time, being in emergency medicine allows me a lot of flexibility, but at the same time, I'm also expected to work Christmas and holidays and all these things, and I don't want to do that forever. So, I'm doing things to work towards financial freedom. I'm I'm again maxing out my retirement accounts. I'm looking into real estate. I'm trying to diversify my income. I I've got this business here. And I'm doing all these things so that way I can create more freedom, but I'm also again earning points so that way earning points in the process. So I think they all kind of tie together nicely to just help me create the life that I want. And I and I want people to be able to have that opportunity too. So that was the reason I founded prescription and travel MD really just to encourage doctors and other health care professionals and really any anyone who would listen to just take the time for themselves and you know find ways to travel and create these meaningful experiences outside of you know your day-to-day life. So >> yeah that that is beautiful and really well said. I think you know a lot of times we as physicians feel guilty taking time off and I was thinking about the points and everything that you mentioned in your experience in the Maldives and some of the other travel we've done and what a cool way to encourage yourself to take that time off that you desperately should you deserve to take off but then not be so concerned with how much money it's going to cost you out of pocket because you have these points to kind of come in from from the back end and help you have this incredible experience that you may not have had otherwise. And so it does really work in in synergy and work really well together. That that is really really cool. Well, for physicians that are listening today who want to start, what's one step that they can do to get their first big kind of travel reward? >> I think you just sign up for a new credit card. And if you don't know which card to get, then I'm always available. I do free credit card consultations. So just reach out to me. I'm www.prescriptionmd.com. Shameless plug, but I can help you get started with finding your first credit card. If you already have a card or two cards in your wallet, then reach out anyway because maybe it's time for your next card to go ahead and get started. I think, >> yeah, >> again, earning points gives you the opportunity to be able to travel and to be able to have these experiences without feeling any guilt about, you know, meeting your other financial goals. Maybe you do want to be able to invest in real estate. and maybe you want you have kids, you know, tuition and you've got extracurricular activities that need to be paid for and you're maybe you're caring for your older parents or just all these things. You've got goals you want to buy a house. So, it allows you to be able to reach your financial goals without sacrificing anything and it allows you to take the time for yourself to reset without guilt. I know a lot of times I'll I before I would feel really bad about taking a trip by myself just because I'm like, "Okay, I'm spending all this money on flights and hotels, but this is a trip that I could have taken with my family, but now I know I can do it with points and I don't feel so bad." So this summer we my sister and I, we went to France and, you know, I booked a last minute business class flight to Paris, you know, for like less than $100 to, you know, and I didn't feel bad about it because I knew like, you know, I was paying for most of it with points. And I knew that when we got there, we we stayed, you know, seven nights in a hotel. I paid $0 for the hotel because again, I was using points for those expenses. So, just to have that experience and know that, I mean, you shouldn't feel guilty anyway, but let's be honest that it always sits there. You're like, "Okay, well, I could be doing something else or this money could be going towards something else or I could be paying for a trip for my whole family." But I I allowed myself that time. Even though it seemed a little frivolous, it wasn't. it allowed me to come back a better person and just really be able to keep pouring into everyone else and giving them my best self. So, go out there, get your first card, get your second card, whatever whatever that means for you and stack those points and then eventually you don't have to know how know what to do with them right right now, but earn them and then you'll figure it out along the way. And just allow yourself those experiences because you you time is something you you can't get back, right? You can't get back and you don't want to wait until retirement. Do it now. just Yeah. So, >> I love that. Yeah. You're not you're not going to regret those trips then for sure. >> Well, awesome. Well, you you you definitely blew my mind. We're going to talk more about credit cards and not using the platinum, but where can listeners connect with you and learn more? Are there any other ways that they connect with you? Whether that's Instagram, website, podcast, etc. Feel free to to give some folks some ways they can reach out. >> Yeah, sure. So, prescription or travel, there's a doctor's lounge on Facebook. there's a community where I'll usually post opportunities for earning points, but also other opportunities for travel hacking. So, see me opportunities and just different ways that you can get to your next destination. There's a group on Facebook that's available to anyone, so you don't have to be a doctor to join. Also, prescription to travel MD. And then I'm pretty active on Instagram, so you can find me there. Feel free to reach out if you have a question or you just want to say hi. So, >> that's awesome. Before we wrap up, what's the next trip for you? The next trip for me, well, I've got a couple of CME trips that are coming up in San Diego in the next couple weeks. So, I'll be at a PIMD Colin. I don't know if you're familiar with it or you know, the passive income MD. I'm actually going to be giving a presentation at the Wealthy U conference in California in the next couple weeks as well. And I'll be talking about points and how to how to leverage your expenses to earn points and have amazing experiences. And then there's a points conference in October that I'll be going to as well. So, this is going to be a pretty busy couple weeks coming up. >> Yeah, it sounds like it. Well, good luck with everything. Thank you so much for coming on the podcast. Really appreciate it. >> Thank you so much for having me. It's been really great talking to you. >> Absolutely. Well, with that, it's been Dr. Courtney DS and Dr. Alex with another episode of the Physicians and Properties Podcast. Signing off. Hey, real quick. If you're still listening to this, I'm assuming you got value from it. So, I need your help specifically. My 2-year vision with this podcast is to help 100,000 physicians learn how live life how you want. There are two main ways that a podcast grows. One is through ratings and reviews, and the other is word of mouth. If you can please leave me a five-star rating and review on Apple Podcast and Spotify, as well as send this to one to two friends that you think would get value from it, we can reach the physicians that we want to reach. Thanks in advance and talk to you on the next episode. Please note that the information shared on this podcast is for informationational purposes only. They should not be used for financial media.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AgustinJewel [1 likes]: Very uplifting.
  2. @Mayaz-n8l: Nice

- Why becoming commercial Pilot is better then becoming Doctor ?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Rohit Kapoor Maintenance Engineer Airport Ground Completion of course So today's video in flight de va d student and teacher is MBBS and well and no it is HD and no he wants to pilot training so in this video it is most of d student and HD so I will tell you one thing for your example after becoming a doctor you have to give at least five years of MBBS then your 2 years of HD even after that you get this tiger of one lakh rupees after studying hard for 7 years after that you get one to two lakh if you have a doctor in your family your parents are doctors or you have your own nursing home or hospital then you should consider yourself a doctor but if there is no one in your family and you want to do YouTube on your own then pilot training is the best option for you because if you do MBBS then you will earn around ₹1 crore [Music] by becoming a doctor your ambition is fulfilled, I am telling you in minimum how much it costs you okay If you are doing this from India, then if you have that much money, then invest 60 lakhs with us, in which we will give you 100% guarantee, that too within maximum 18 months, complete the entire course with guarantees, 18 months, okay, you spend 6-7 years doing MBBS HD, after that you get strike, it is okay to see from one, in this we will give you salary after 18 months and if you see the starting salary of any airline's junior post, then it is minimum 2 to 2.5 lakhs, finals etc. are different, so if you have the money, do over expire, inspire, expiring, you become a doctor, I will see the future of aviation industry, airlines industry much price because I had read in celebrated that at a time in India there are 12 lakh doctors and only ₹20000 pilots and you were seeing that airlines are ordering aircraft, so the coming 10, 15, 20 years are going to be a lot of evolution All aircraft ke sare harenge pilot ki vacancy hogi aur more open 2016 [music] hospital clinic vaghira hai parents doctor hai ya family mein hai to aap chalo advisory always think about this air airlines in d jo 15 about choosing pilot as your career option so I think you have gaining some knowledge with this video and it was absolutely perfect thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @thekirankaur [1 likes]: 👏👏
  2. @akashkumarsingh1314: Call nhi lg rha

- The 4 Things Financial Advisors Wish Every Pilot Knew: Kind: captions Language: en on today's episode we're going to talk about what your financial advisor wished that you knew beforehand imagine if you could read your financial advisor's mind before you even walked in the door so that you had all this knowledge that you could take forward in retirement and not make the same mistakes that most pilots make let's hear about it on today's episode let's [Music] go hey it's another episode of the pilots advisor welcome back Walter stolder alongside Ryan Fleming a financial adviser that helps Pilots get to and through retirement with success and looking forward to another episode with you today Ryan as we break down this interesting concept of kind of what advisors wish every pilot knew what every pilot wanting to invest knew and we've got four key things that we wish everybody knew that boy it would just make life easier on you make life easier on the pilot before they come through the front door if they had a good Embrace of these things right well absolutely and I think you know investing in my mindsets not difficult it's not that hard it's not that complicated a lot of what happens is based off emotion we know that our emotional decision- making causes us to do the exact wrong thing in retirement planning yeah well let's see if we can get that under control as we walk through our key points today so first on the list Ryan is going to be that uh we wish that everybody knew what their real risk potential was inside of their portfolio instead of just choosing to focus on upside potential can you break that down for Pilots I'll do my best I talk about it all the time that Pilots want all of the upside and none of the downside which of course is totally unrealistic Pilots understand risk and they understand managing risk because they do it every day flying airplanes but when you look at what they do in their portfolio totally different story okay in investing we talk about a standard deviation and of course a standard deviation is going to be a level of the risk that we have in our in our portfolio and this comes down to good consistent returns over a long period of time with less volatility or owning one to four very very speculative stocks and having massive volatility and blowing up our whole financial plan so what I really wish is that clients had a clue how risky some of the portfolios are that they build one of the recent conversations we had at a financial advisor conference is the S&P 500 there's not one advisor that I know out there that would ever ever tell a investor to put all their money in the S&P 500 all you have to do is go look at the last decade where over a 10-year period us large cap stocks made exactly nothing or another thing to look at is even right now the S&P is doing historically better than it has recently and it's still only held up by the Magnificent 7 so seven stocks are doing well and 490 some aren't at all you need to be more Diversified and I wish that Pilots knew how risky that was whether they're stock picking or they have all their money in US large cap because that's what we see on on TV every day how truly risky that is well let's talk about information Ryan you know you talk about where people get their information from you're dropping some great knowledge there a little bit about the level of research and intention that you have when you put together portfolios and plans for clients and unfortunately one of our we wish items here is that we wish everybody knew the motivations behind the information that they might hear on TV watch on YouTube listen on podcast read in a magazine or find your a simple Google search because I don't think people realize just how much maybe bias or other elements are baked into some of the information they're consuming in this financial landscape well if you wanted to be a a very good investor what you'd have to do is actually study investing from an academic perspective sadly when you get on the googler or you uh watch Fox Business or you buy some of those magazines out there klingers or whatever it might be or or I mean I can go on and on of all the different things that have online now teaching you how to invest your money well what we're really doing is trying to tap into your emotions trying to tap into uh getting more clicks getting more ratings selling more magazines which really has nothing to do with long-term planning to be successful and get to retirement in a safe manner I think there's a lot of stuff out there now that is is about speculating and gambling with your money pick these five tech stocks and retire early um you know I'm just trying to think of all those headlines that that they get to you to pick up that magazine or click on that link and the funny part is when I look at Pilot clients and ones that you know weren't a client before and I look at the ones that were unemotional didn't look at it that much they tend to be in a much better position than those that are constantly looking at their portfolio spending hours and hours online reading uh watching TV and then they make these these highly leveraged changes or positions in your portfolio and it's funny to see how much farther behind they are because they've speculated and gambled they've made short-term emotional decisions that tend to not work out so well for them yeah we'll talk about that again in just a few moments uh and expand on that a little bit but it's a great time for me to remind folks Ryan that they want to find out a little bit more about what true planning looks like for Pilots they can certainly get in touch with you and download the toolkit that's a great place to start this is a specific toolkit about retirement and finances uh that will help Pilots better prepare for their finan future we've got links in the description of today's show where you can go and order that toolkit right now no cost or obligation by getting that toolkit just a great starting point for a lot of people to begin their retirement planning Journey uh so again just click the link that's in the description of today's show and you can access all of that great information that Ryan packs into that toolkit and helps you learn a little bit more about what you need to know for financial success in the future speaking about needing to know things Ryan the next one on our list is we wish everybody knew that True Value of long-term planning versus the Allure of those short-term gains well of course long-term planning longterm disciplined unemotional planning is going to get you where you need to go picking short-term emotional stock picks Nidia uh micro strategy Bitcoin uh whatever the hottest name is out there that's only going to get you in trouble and most of the time when it's coming to be prevalent that hey I I need this stock I need this position first off number one you already have exposure to that you're just not don't have leveraged exposure to it secondly if you didn't already have a position in that stock by the time you're really figuring it out and everybody in the cockpits talking about it guess what now you're chasing market returns you're probably a little late to the game so we don't want to do these things with our our financial future our retirement planning we want to be long term we want to be Diversified we want to be unemotional great comments on the emotions involved in investing and saving and planning there Ryan it takes us to our last we wish you knew and we wish that Pilots knew that financial planning is about more than just Investments so what's the rest Ryan well I think it's about being unemotional and disciplined I mean I look at it where I'll make sure that the investment side of it is taken care of but when I talk about financial planning it I don't think it's that difficult because a lot of it's about being Diversified and what I mean by that is owning a bunch of different positions so any one position or one any any asset class blows up it's not going to ruin your portfolio so so much more of it is about just being long-term saving every single year maxing out your 401K every single year not looking at your account all the time because the account's going to go up and down and if you get emotional about it you're going to make some short-term dumb emotional decision and just keep going forward like I tell my clients all the time I don't know if the next 20% in the market up or down I have no clue but I know the next 100%'s going to be up because it always is so let's plan our portfolio that way let's know how many years we have to retirement and know that we don't have to make any emotional decisions until we start looking at an income plan where we're inside that time frame of hey I'm going to start needing this money to live off of and the reality that's within about two years or less so stay focused stay disciplined stay long-term and absolutely unemotional if you're doing anything outside of that you're probably about to hurt yourself so I get asked all the time hey Ryan I heard about you from so and so in the cockpit I heard about the Pilot's advisor how do I get started the best first step is to go to reti pilots.com and order my retirement toolkit why do I want you to do that I don't want you to just jump in and say hey let's go I want you to learn a little bit about what we do and what we stand for in that toolkit you're going to get a couple books I've written you're going to get some tax stuff you're going to get some other investment stuff and what what the value is of working with an adviser and how much that's going to help you out as soon as you get that toolkit you've earned yourself a free portfolio analysis anytime you're ready upload your statement securely secure. Pilots advisor.com I'll analyze them and we can set up a zoom call during that Zoom call we're going to answer all your questions and it'll be obvious to you whether it's a good fit or not moving forward fly safe I'm here to help information is for illustrative purposes only and does not constitute tax investment or legal advice always consult with a qualified investment legal or tax professional before taking any action