- Sam Zell -  The Biggest Real Estate Owner in America | Full Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en managing tens of billions steve schwartzman's blackstone is on the rise to become the biggest private equity firm in america but his empire will not be complete until he acquires equity office properties the largest real estate trust in america worth over 30 billion dollars in 2007 it's a collection of over 500 premium offices in every major city across america one man sam zell has built this real estate empire through calculated risk-taking the size of which none has ever seen it's an embodiment of one of the greatest real estate booms in america but as a market boom based on lies and speculation underneath the prosperity a financial storm is looming and semzell knows it while the rest of the market still lives in euphoria it's the perfect opportunity for samzel to exit with substantial potential profit not that i expected a sale to happen i thought equity office was too big to be acquired [Music] equity office stock is trading at around 40 a share but steve schwartzman believes it is undervalued he offers samsel 42 a share it was looking like the biggest real estate deal in history blackstone's 42 bit sent a signal to the street that equity office was undervalued now everyone wanted a piece expecting more bidders to come in samsara rejects blackstone's initial offer blackstone comes back with a shrunk price of 47.5 dollars a share the offer has become too good to ignore if it goes through semzel will make a fortune for shareholders and for himself but as an astute investor he questions why steve schwartzman will be buying real estate assets during the peak of the bubble steve schwartzman is a very risk-averse person he was not going to buy the real estate assets from samsel without having a guaranteed plan of generating profits his end game was that he was going to sell different buildings to different buyers the profit from some of the parts was going to be bigger than the entire market value of the reit samsung realizes that steve schwartzman will unload at least half of the properties for immediate profits it will be a shrewd business move but it will also dismantle the legacy samsung has worked his entire life for he now must find a different buyer that could exceed blackstone's offer vornado royalty is one of the biggest players in real estate it offers a shocking bid of 52 dollars a share and a promise to keep the real estates intact rather than breaking them up as blackstone plans to do the same zell and vornado may have underestimated steve schwartzman's resolve they are in for a war schwarzman raises the offer to 52.25 a share 24 higher than a market price when the bidding war started steve schwartzman has that competitiveness that sometimes comes from utter conviction that he and his company are just simply better than everyone sam zhao now has a tough decision to make whoever takes over their company will become the biggest real estate conglomerate in the world through consolidating broken real estate buying out failing properties and companies and returning them to profitability samsel has made himself the undisputed king of real estate it is the year of 1939. nazi germany and the soviet union just signed a non-aggression agreement poland is squeezed in the middle and will soon be divided and devoured it's alarming news for the jewish residents in poland sam's father bernard zell books his family the last train out of poland before the nazis bombed the railroad tracks my father looked at that treaty and said this is basically an agreement to split a poland and so my father got off he was on a train turned around went home got my mother and said we have to leave zell's mother is pregnant with sam while still on the run and they arrived in the united states may 18 1941. this was kind of the background and i was born september 28th so literally i was born 900 days after they came to this country by the time they arrive in the u.s they're nearly broke but bernard zell is more determined than ever to do whatever it takes to support his family in his new land they now call home when samsara turns 12 his father achieved the american dream and has built a successful jewelry business he moves his family to the upper middle class neighborhood in highland park illinois samzell has an unusual childhood even from an early age he demonstrates a distinctive entrepreneurial talent his first business is selling the playboy magazines this is the kind of magazine in those days wasn't sold in the suburbs i was limited to uh those under the tracks uh magazine store so i showed it to a friend of mine and he was enthralled and said geez you know can i buy it and i said sure he said how much and i said i don't know three dollars he said great so he paid me three dollars for something that i had paid 50 cents for uh and ps i'd gotten to read first um and and maybe for the first time in my life i really understood supply and demand uh you know and there was an unlimited demand for that product and so i started quote unquote importing playboy from my friends but in spite of his business acumen sam is mediocre at school his siblings are the top students in college consistently getting higher grades than their brother and sam is struggling to measure up samzell is not your typical ivy league educated investor he's a street smart hustler who is very grounded in the real world but at the time his parents especially his father were a little concerned that sam didn't meet their expectations in terms of school to prove to his father that he can succeed elsewhere semzell becomes fixated on finding a business idea and taking a shot at the time a real estate developer is building a 15 unit student apartment samsel immediately realizes that this could be an opportunity for him to make money we didn't know how to manage for rent departments we had no clue what it entailed it just never occurred to me that i couldn't do it so he created a simple brochure and went to pitch the owners his audacity pays off in spite of his lack of experience the landlord decides to hire him to manage the new apartment zell knows something that other real estate managers don't he knows the customers as a student he understands the kind of housing the students like the most zell and his classmate redesigned the entire interior removing outdated furniture and making the apartment more vibrant he had an insight that other professional apartment managers didn't have he knew that the young people did not want environment like home they wanted something more fun and exciting so at the time the scandinavian style was very popular among the younger generation so sam and his classmates remodeled the interior and bought furnitures with clean and modern designs and it's a huge success his apartment becomes highly sought after by the students after finishing two more apartment buildings the same landlord gave them all to sam zell to manage by the time he graduates from college he has already made a consistent income for managing apartments but he knows this kind of money will never make him rich he needs to start buying his own properties and so i went to law school not because i wanted to practice law i went to law school so i had a degree and that if i didn't work out at whatever it is i was doing i would be able to in effect still practice law and make a living semzell also feels an obligation to his parents to get through law school he enrolls in michigan law although he finds a subject boring and uninteresting but deep down he knows to truly make his own decisions he needs to become financially independent to do that he will own income generating properties he has made enough for his job as a property manager it is time to start looking for apartment building to buy he bought a threat unit apartment building for nineteen thousand five hundred dollars with savings and loans from the bank he remodeled the interior in a way that appealed to students that allowed him to double the rent a few months later the rents it collected become enough for a down payment for another apartment building by the second year of law school semzel owns more than three apartment buildings and also has a management contract for eastern michigan university i graduated from law school in 1966 i was 24. i had 250 000 in the bank and i made about 150 000 that year that was an income of about 1.1 million in 2016. i had established a solid foundation for my family but even with that kind of money sam zell still decides to become a lawyer and treats his real estate business as a side hustle his parents escaped nazis so they had this very risk-averse attitude that got passed on to sam zell he thought he could do both having a stable job as a lawyer was an insurance policy just in case his real estate business failed it's a perfect plan except it won't work in the real world as samsao is about to painfully find out after earning his law degree samsel starts applying for a job in every law firm in chicago he believes that his impressive resume of real estate deals will easily help him land a position at the best law firm in chicago i included in the resume you know all the business i started and all the things i had done and along with my gpa and everything else and i then had 44 interviews i had 43 rejections you know i i was in the top quarter of my class i knew this didn't make any sense and now and finally i was interviewing with the head of of one of the law firms and the guy looks at me and he says tell me about your deals and i tell you about my deals i want a job he says oh we would never hire you you'd be here you know three months and you'd be leaving and going into the real estate business so we would never hire either with anybody else he was right although he eventually finds a job through his family connections the circumstances force him to rethink his career choice as a created big picture thinker he realizes he's never built to be a lawyer a job that requires him to be detail driven and meticulous he quits in just four days and decides to do real estate full-time but samsel isn't about to risk his own fortune alone he learns that to succeed in a business he needs to scale that also means leveraging other people's money by now he had quite a bit of success by owning properties in college towns so he started researching he found out that universities in smaller cities across america were growing like crazy so that was going to be his focus in 1966 he raises enough capital from 20 wealthy investors including his father until now the property he owns are small-time apartments but with a large sum of money he's ready to go back samsel's first building is a massive 99 unit apartment building next to the university of toledo it's a one million dollar investment and he has calculated that the worst case outcome is an eight percent return but the upside is a potential 19 percent but all i looked at was the fact that i was able to buy one of the few apartment buildings in town so i didn't have any competition he believes that there's an under supply of quality apartments for students after redesigning the interior based on his acute understanding of what young people want he raises the rant the asset immediately starts generating cash flows and it makes a 20 return within a year so that deal was one of the most successful deals that i had ever done simply because there was no competition and therefore where there's no competition you can produce exceptional margins impressed by samzel's ability to profit the same investors double down and write them bigger checks for bigger by 1971 semzel has become a rising star in the local real estate scene at the age of 30 he has already become a millionaire but tazell is just the beginning opportunities are boundless he put up 10 million dollars to buy the broadway plaza in los angeles half the investment business is about raising money so every time senzel had a successful investment he used that as a marketing tool to raise more money to him scales everything scale was how he would become the biggest player in finance but unbeknownst to zell his investment success has an unintended consequence he now has a target on his back the 1970s is a decade of drastic economic change in spite of the political turmoil and the failing vietnam war america is still the most prosperous economy on earth a revolution is underway in one of the biggest sectors in america is the invention of the real estate investment trust capital from all over the world is flooding into reits creating an unprecedented boom semzel joined the industry after quitting his job as a lawyer writing the real estate boom he has built a portfolio of residential and commercial properties worth hundreds of millions he may be on top of the world but he has no idea that the rs is gunning for him semzel's brother-in-law roger basks has been his tax turning on many real estate deals roger a harvard trained lawyer with an impeccable reputation was my go-to person on real estate deals with tax implications in the mid-1970s samjoe was working on acquiring a high rise hotel from reno nevada with very complicated taxes he was trained as a lawyer but he didn't want to get bogged down by the details so he hired his brother-in-law to take care of the taxes for him but a few years later writer's law firm becomes a target of an investigation by the rs both sam and rogers are indicted on the charges of tax fraud samzell's real estate empire is now more vulnerable than ever if convicted he'll lose everything he has spent his last 15 years building ultimately semzell is dismissed without being charged but his brother-in-law basks is not so fortunate getting indicted by the rs will forever leave a mark on samzel's record but he vows to overcome it he will build a business so large and so powerful that no one dares to hurt him again to grow his real estate business semzel needs to raise more money for bigger projects but his brush with the rs has made potential investors skeptical and to make matters worse by the mid-1970s the real estate market has become overly saturated making it difficult to find profitable investments zell then does the unthinkable he stops buying any properties cold turkey as he realizes the real estate market may have been oversupplied and overbuilt everyone thought i was nuts after all occupancies were still over 90 absorption was high companies were hiring it was one of many times i would hear people tell me that i just didn't understand i didn't listen i just stepped aside while the music was still playing sam zell has always been an audacious risk taker he's also very practical investor who knows real estate from hands-on experience but what really sets him apart is the ability to have conviction on his own views sometimes against the rest of the world by the time the real estate market crashes sam sales immediately goes on a buying spree acquiring distressed properties on the verge of default with just one dollar down payment a majority of them between 1974 and 1977 samsel purchases roughly four billion dollars in assets his bold action and his clever financial scheme pay off and investors become eager to join him again by the mid-80s samsel has built a real estate investment powerhouse making hundreds of millions of dollars a year investing in distressed real estate properties has been a stroke of genius but sends out wonders if he can turn around bad properties can he also turn around back companies and there's only one way to find out he is about to join the corporate takeover business [Applause] the decade of 1980s belongs to the corporate raiders as the cuts interest rates and lowers corporate taxes companies are flooded with easy money the age of excess is here led by coral icon many wall street titans have amassed unparalleled fortune by taking over corporations they raised the stock price by temporarily firing the management cutting costs and with fancy promises after two decades of opportunistic deal-making samzell has become a prominent real estate investor he owns a portfolio of residential and commercial properties that generate him hundreds of millions a year but saint zell has a bigger ambition if he can turn back property assets into profitable ones he believes he can also turn around back companies in distress if we've been as successful in real estate as we have been are we really just good businessmen and if we're a good businessman then why wouldn't the same principles that apply to real estate apply to buying anything else sam has the skill and the capital all he needs now is just an opportunity by 1983 the predator finds his prey to become a great investor is to become a lifelong student at all my life i've basically focused on reading and digesting information because the well educated up-to-date you are the better you are to be able to assess judgment and assess risk finance is a field that rewards mostly on the quality of your decision making rather than based on the hours of work you put in decision making is a science and also skill that can be taught and learned brilliant.org is a great place to learn probability game theory and systems thinking which are all the basis for becoming a great decision maker what makes brilliant stand out from the conventional lectures is its emphasis on interactivity it makes a learning process fun and more effective sometimes even with a simple understanding of probability and logic you can easily distinguish between nonsense from real facts to start it for free visit brilliant.org phineas the first 200 people will get a 20 off brilliant annual premium subscription after testing his thesis on smaller companies samzel then says his vision on one big conglomerate itil founded in 1969 ital is a leasing company that owns aircrafts rail cars and shipping containers but after his early success the company's management starts draining the company's resources by throwing lavish parties and paying hefty bonuses to themselves the company filed for bankruptcy in 1981 and emerged from chapter 11 and 1983 with his future still clouded with uncertainty after working real estate for so long samsung developed the strum preference for physical assets and itil was a company with a lot of tangible assets after buying five percent of the company samzell asked the board for a seat at the table but as a newcomer on the scene no one takes zeal seriously the board proudly dismisses the offer samsel isn't the one to back down from a fight he immediately buys up to 22 percent of the company and it starts a hostile bit after a year of back and forth with a board and a proxy fight he successfully takes over the company and becomes the chairman and ceo as an outsider semzel is now welcomed by the board and the shareholders the only way to prove himself is by delivering tangible results his first job as ceo is to cut costs by selling underperformed divisions and reducing redundancies he had a simple plan find the most profitable business the company owns and double down on that after cutting costs and liquidating underperformed assets samsel has accumulated 50 million dollars of capital the amount needed to invest in a main business one that has a competitive edge for ital is the railcar business in a single year 1979 the industry had built over a hundred thousand rail cars the railcar industry had succumbed to easy money for building that bubble burst in 1981 during that same period 65 percent of the existing rail cars in the country were scrapped on the demand side loadings were flat but stable supply was going down at some point those two lines were going to intersect and when they did anybody with rail cars was going to make a lot of money anticipating a price hike sends up concludes this is the perfect opportunity to buy as many road cars as possible at a steep discount it proves to be a slick business move since the company requires abroad cards at a discount it beats the competition at a wide margin and the company's revenue immediately skyrockets what do most big companies do when they have a lot of cash they acquire other companies it's a great way to diversify the business but sam had a different agenda sam jello has made a killing by cornering the railcar leasing market successfully turning itil around it is however not a growth market samzell is never content with past successes he needs to elevate itel to a higher level to me it's always what's next and i think that's what drives most very successful people it's never about the money i mean that's a way of keeping score it's about achievement and it's about winning a game and it's about upping the ante turning around a bad company versus growing a company often takes a completely different leadership styles but sam knows as long as they stick to the fundamentals and logic he will find a way he acquires a wiring and cable distribution company in 1987 called anexter brothers with a consistent cash flow generated from itil's rail car rental business samsung will invest them back to expand annexed around the world it's a risky move that goes against what zell has learned about only investing in bargains but if the business exceeds it has the potential to become a unicorn enterprise that will continuously print money for the years to come and it's a huge success anexter experiences an explosive growth and it becomes itil's fastest growing division by 1992 generating close to a billion dollars in revenue a year the success of annexure convinces samsel to unload the railcar business in order to free up more capital to acquire better assets by selling 70 000 rail cars to general motors he reaps 2.3 billion dollars but with all that success samsel once again does the unthinkable by 1992 he steps down from the ceo position at itil i think the biggest strength that makes sam zell a great player in finance is his understanding of the public market he is exceedingly good at finding investment opportunities and more importantly raising the necessary funds that match them he's a master at getting equities together in a way that benefits everyone but also more profitable for him in the 1990s samzell seized an opportunity to make real estate investment trusts go public was no visibility into markets or assets and there were no metrics brokers held all the cards and they weren't telling the simple genius of public rates is that they turn bricks and mortar into transparent and predictable liquid assets as the biggest real estate investor in the country samzell becomes a board member of n a reit in an effort to make a complete publicly traded real estate asset he raises additional 3 billion in 1997 after acquiring the largest collection of premium office buildings across the country he packages them all in a reit what he doesn't know is whether wall street will buy it by the time samsel's reit goes public it's the biggest real estate portfolio in the world comprising more than 32 million square feet of commercial offices what made this read on a very attractive investment was at the predictability of cash flows the tenants were majority companies with average lease term of seven years it allowed samsel to offer a 5.7 dividend equity office properties eventually turns into one of the most sought after stocks as u.s is entering a housing boom by 2006 equity office properties becomes a target of a bidding war by many wealthy wall street firms it's a huge complement to samzel's accomplishment it certifies his position as one of the most powerful forces in finance but even titans make mistakes and semzal is about to face the toughest challenge of his career by 2006 tribune is 159 euro media conglomerate that is a majority owner of chicago tribune the la times and various news networks due to the evidence of the internet the news industry is struggling to adjust after several attempts to sell the company to private equity firms the board of tribune turns to an unlikely buyer the grave dancer samzell we looked at the performance of the tribune for the seven years prior to the time we bought it uh during that seven years average revenue declined three percent a year when we underwrote the deal we underwrote it at six percent decline each year going forward the risk reward of the transaction was extraordinary both ways samzell realizes that these media brands hold long-term value with his magical touch this value could be unleashed he proposes a leveraged buyout deal that will take the company private future of this company is currently right out there in front of us and if we keep operating the way we've been operating in the past there is no future samzell's approach is simple cutting costs by removing redundancies and use the savings from them to opportunistically invest in growth opportunities his approach worked before and may continue the work if only the market conditions stayed the same the timing he took over tribune couldn't be worse it was the beginning of 2008. one point samsel dubbed himself the gravedancer for turning a profit on troubled asset his 8.3 billion dollar buyout of tribune ended in bankruptcy for the publisher in december the 2008 housing crisis has brought the entire newspaper industry to his knees as businesses are struggling they cut their advertising budget first over the years of corporate battles samsel has become accustomed to getting what he wants but this time he's going against a force more powerful than he has ever encountered even after receiving a 650 million dollar rescue loan from jp morgan the company still struggles to stay alive it's a time of great change for the world samsel suddenly finds himself as a member of an old guard the tribune failure is a reminder that the market can make even the smartest of men look like foals i did the tribune company i lost 300 million dollars if it had worked i would have made 5 billion i liked that risk reward ratio would i do it again yes because the risk reward ratio was appropriate the error of samsel may have come to an end yet at the age of 80 he refuses to retire tired from what i mean i haven't worked since the fourth day that i was in that law firm samzell is a no bs goal getter i think he's probably the most representative of the older generation of investors samzell's rise to the top also coincides with the prosperity america has enjoyed since the 70s sometimes my team argues with me they can't believe we're leaving money on the table but i want to create an environment where everyone wants to keep playing as an opportunistic capitalist samsel indeed plays the game of market better than anyone you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Finaius [2300 likes]: Rest in Peace Legend! 1941 - 2023
  2. @SaChin-sc1tp [1 likes]: Zell? Hessen
  3. @Abn173rd [1 likes]: Sam Zell started when REITs were a concept. In 1960, the U.S. Congress enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act, which was part of broader legislation known as the Cigar Excise Tax Extension of 1960. This law essentially created the concept of a REIT. This is where it started.
  4. @CoinToEmpire: amazing explanation
  5. @Projectufo-s6q: I have one question as matter of queriacity. How they evaluate or the parameters they use to calculate the value of xyz property. Why because in some areas 8000 rs sq fit not a prime location on the other hand 4500 2500 and 1300 rs sq feet. So is it the gut number? Or the land position or construction quality? Or something else? Please share your insights and opinions
  6. @MegaTeacherg: He went beck lol
  7. @carminejr5571: 5 mins into the video. How do you not mention the letter Steve Roth sent to Sam!?
  8. @EmpiresofPower: Sam Zell is a living example of combining strategic vision, calculated risk-taking, and the ability to seize opportunities – from real estate to troubled companies, every move he makes shows sharpness and sheer determination.
  9. @lizardspiral: Blackrock is in too deep now. 😂
  10. @igormaryanin8811: a Legend.
  11. @SamKara-d5y: 😮
  12. @MusaGarba-q3z: Mu
  13. @John-zc4rz: A house of cards is here, Blackrock Vanguard and State Street will destroy all.
  14. @rayrobbins4625: I ONLY CLICKED ON THIS VIDEO  SO I COULD MAKE A COMMENT . AFTER SEEING THIS MANS FACE . HE LOOKS LIKE A VERY UNHAPPY MAN . WHAT A SHAME...ALL THAT MONEY. AND FOR WHAT ??
  15. @cindys1819: Well, this is rare bird. A guy from t hat era and background who KNOWS when to Stop, be still and wait quietly. 99.9% of the old guys
Kept on the attack mode untill they crashed themselves and thier partners....and one more thing sane
Real Estate investors build cities and the country. They're not classic Wall St pump and dump artists who build nothing but their (usually off-shore)
Accounts
  16. @MoGumboFukUTubeForChngngMyName: Damn!! This guy gets into Michigan Law, and he’s the “bad” student in the family?
  17. @sandie157: Wow the guy's eyes are cold and dead.
  18. @mrgemini2817: Great Documentary!! this year I start my new career to a R.E license to property management to manage properties to new development. thank you for your videos
  19. @ses190: How much of that land did he take with him to the grave?
  20. @stephenochieng1182: This was the first of your videos I watched. It sucked me into investing and finance. I've been hooked ever since. I'm quiting medicine to go full time into finance.

- Cede & Co - The $54.2 Trillion Shadow Trust That Owns The World: Kind: captions Language: en INTRO: Do you know what happens when you buy a stock? Most people would assume that their brokerage would go out and get a stock certificate under your name. This way, even if the brokerage collapsed, those shares would belong to you. But this is actually not what happens. When you buy a stock from your brokerage, you basically get an IOU contract from the brokerage. This contract gives you certain rights to the stock but not ownership. Before you get mad at the brokerages though, you should know that they don’t own the stock either. When they want to buy or sell a stock on behalf of their clients, they have to send their order to the Depository Trust Company or the DTC also known as Cede & Co. The DTC will issue the brokerage an IOU statement, and this is what gets passed down to you. So, it’s actually the DTC that not only owns your stock, but also virtually all publicly traded shares and securities in the US and 131 other countries. According to their official website, they’re job is to bring efficiency to the securities industry by retaining custody of wait for it $54.2 trillion. And that was as of July 2017. Since then, the US stock market has grown $18 trillion and the US has issued trillions of dollars worth of bonds, so the DTC’s total assets are likely well above $70 trillion today. So, here’s how Cede & Co got to owning the world. FOUNDING THE DTC: Taking a look back, the story of the DTC dates back to the 1960s. America had not only recovered from the great depression but the economy and more specifically the automotive industry was booming. Americans were making and spending more money than ever before. Most of these guys had no interest in saving or investing. Either they themselves or their parents had lost everything to the great depression, so they felt that it was way better to just live in the moment. This is what really spawned the terrible but extremely common trend of living paycheck to paycheck. If your retirement can be ruined by some irresponsible financial institution, why save in the first place? Despite this popular sentiment, given how large and diverse America is, there were naturally some people who still wanted to invest their money. And given that these guys were making more money than ever before, they were able to invest more money than ever before. This resulted in unprecedented trade volume leading into the 1970s. The New York Stock Exchange was regularly processing more than 8 million shares per day. Now, compared to today’s 6 billion shares per day, this was nothing. But, they didn’t have computers or fancy technology that could just automatically execute each trade. So, they had to manually handle 8 million shares every single day, and this was basically their limit. So, in 1968, the NYSE decided to create a securities clearing firm called the Central Certificate Service or the CCS. The CCS was basically responsible for automating the stock market. The president of the NYSE at the time, Robert Haack, promised quote, “We are going to automate the stock certificate out of business by substituting a punch card.” Instead of keeping track of ownership through stock certificates, the CCS kept all the stock certificates to themselves and tracked ownership through electronic records. The NYSE hoped to reduce the prevalence of stock certificates by 75% with the CCS, but there was one major issue. ⅔ of brokers refused to use the service. Electronic records were extremely attractive for brokers, but they didn’t trust the CCS or computers in general for that matter. So, most brokers opted to continue in their old ways. Despite this, the CCS continued to expand their services and attempted to build credibility. In 1970, for instance, CCS’s services were extended to the American Stock Exchange. Around the same time, we also saw the creation of the Banking and Securities Industry Committee or BASIC. BASIC gave bankers and brokerages a way to propose rules and standards that the CCS must follow. Banks and brokers deliberated for years about how such an institution should be run, but eventually, in 1973, BASIC members agreed to create a beefed up version of the CCS called the DTC. INNER WORKINGS OF THE DTC: Once the DTC was created, more and more brokerages jumped on board. Though most brokerages didn’t use the CCS, they wanted to use it. They simply didn’t want to explain to their clients that they will no longer receive stock certificates because the brokerage is either too lazy or didn’t want to handle that much paper. But, as notable banks and brokerages embraced the DTC, smaller institutions flooded in. Now, that’s all cool and all, but how exactly does the DTC work? Well, I explained it as an IOU contract at the beginning, but it’s of course not that simple. Whenever a brokerage or bank agrees to work with the DTC, the DTC will take all of the institution’s stock certificates, bond certificates, and money market instruments and enter them into their database. The DTC already owns billions if not trillions of dollars worth of each security, so they’ll mark down that Chase has rights to 10.4% of the DTC’s Apple shares and 12% of their Google shares and so on and so forth. Whenever buy and sell orders flow in during the day, the DTC tallies up the total inflow and outflow of each of their clients for each security. And at the end of each day, the DTC simply changes the numbers in their database to reflect the result of the trading day. For example, Chase’s stake in Apple might be reduced to 10.2% and their stake in Google might be increased to 12.2%, but no stock certificates are actually swapped and no paper is being traded. The DTC only settles securities at the end of each day, and each security takes different amounts of time to process based on their time sensitivity. For example, options have expiration dates, so they’re processed within 1 business day. Stocks on the other hand take 2 business days while slower moving assets like bonds take 3 days. If you have a cash brokerage account, you’re probably well aware of these settlement times. Once you sell a stock, you actually have to wait two days to get your money. But, with most brokerage accounts, the brokerage will simply give you the money instantly and they’ll be reimbursed by the DTC over the next few days. So, a lot of stock buyers are completely unaware of settlement times, but that’s what's going on in the background whenever you buy or sell. Buying and selling only accounts for a small portion of the stock market though. Most people simply hold onto their stocks for years if not decades, so what happens to shares that are simply held. Well, the DTC will give each of their clients a certain amount of rights to their shares. For example, clients will retain voting rights, the right to use the shares as collateral, and the right to buy and sell options using the underlying stock. The DTC will also process dividend payments and ensure that each client is paid out appropriately. In essence, the DTC basically takes care of everything. I think it’s pretty clear why banks prefer this over trading billions of stock certificates per day. DTC AFFILIATION: All of this still leaves the question, is your brokerage or bank associated with the DTC. Well, if you live in the US, the answer is yes. Unless you keep your money in some obscure offshore bank, it’s almost a certainty that your brokerage and bank works directly with the DTC. The DTC does publicly post all the institutions they work with, so you can go check out this list if you’re interested. But the easiest way to identify affiliation with the DTC is to simply check if your brokerage allows for transferring to or from other brokerages. Brokerages don’t wanna complete transfers manually especially for customers that are leaving. So, if you have the ability to easily transfer to another brokerage, it's because the brokerage simply offloads the transferring responsibility to the DTC. Just because your brokerage is associated with the DTC though doesn’t mean that it’s impossible for you to get a stock certificate. It is nearly impossible as brokerages put up as many roadblocks as they can, and I really don’t recommend that you try to do this. But if you want the certificate for novelty purposes or something, you can ask your broker and they’re required by state law to give you your certificate. The process will likely take months, you’ll probably be charged hundreds of dollars, and you’ll end up spending hours on the phone with your brokerage, but if you’re super persistent, you should be able to get it. This too is changing fast though, and it’s just a matter of time until it’s impossible to get a stock certificate. In the UK, for example, stock certificates will no longer be a thing starting in 2025. This is really nothing to worry about as it's simply the far overdue digitalization of this part of the industry. But, as you would guess, this has sparked a lot of conspiracies regarding the DTC. CONCERNS & CONSPIRACIES: Before we put on our tin foil hats, let’s discuss some legitimate concerns with Cede & Co. First of all, given the sheer volume of money Cede handles, it’s possible that an insider steals some of that money. Stealing $1 billion from Cede would be like stealing $1 from someone who has $54,000. Stealing $10 million would be like stealing 1 cent. Cede only has 12 directors and half a dozen employees, so theoretically, it wouldn't be that hard for insiders to collude and steal serious amounts of money. Again, this is improbable, but seeing cases like Bernie Madoff, it is possible. The other more serious concern is illegal short selling. The process is super convoluted and technical, but in essence, hedge funds are able to leverage the DTC’s settlement time and borrowing program to engage in naked short selling which is illegal. This problem can probably be addressed by some changes in regulation, but the government is too lazy to do anything about it until it actually leads to some sort of tangible consequences. So, in the meantime, the DTC is unintentionally enabling naked short selling. And finally, the third major concern is that there’s very little transparency from the DTC. Given the scale of money that they deal with, all of their activities should be public knowledge and heavily scrutinized. But, only the DTC and their banker clients have access to DTC’s daily activities. Making this information public wouldn’t necessarily prevent a well thought out scheme from taking place, but it would reduce the chances. Anyway, moving onto the conspiracy, some people believe that Cede & Co is owned by the billionaires of the world and used to crash the stock market for their benefit. Cede & Co is a private company and it’s officially owned by its clients, but some believe that these clients are actually just a handful of powerful families like the Rockefellers and the Rothschilds. There seems to be some sort of unverifiable evidence that these families have stakes in the company, but even if they did, it doesn’t have to be nefarious. If you were rich, you’d probably deal with the DTC directly as well instead of going through brokers. Another piece of evidence that’s used to propel this conspiracy is that in the early 1990s, Jim Mcneff who was a director at the DTC, told the media that the DTC’s first controlled test was 4 or 5 years ago. This means that he was probably referring to Black Monday and the stock market crash of 1987. Trading volume is generally the highest during stock market crashes because investors are most emotional during these periods. In 2007, for instance, the DTC settled transactions that were worth $513 trillion. So, I’m pretty sure Jim was just referring to testing if the DTC could efficiently handle that much volume. But, conspiracists believe that Jim slipped up and accidentally admitted to causing the crash. Now, is the DTC intertwined with a bunch of hedge fund and market maker manipulation games? I’m sure they are. But Do I believe that the DTC is a conspiracy organization created specifically to crash and pump markets, no not really. And even if that is the case, it’s not like we can do anything about it. So, it’s probably best to not look too into it, but that’s just what I think. Do you guys think Cede & Co is involved in nefarious activities? Comment that down below. Also, drop a like if you’ve never heard about this company till now. And of course, consider joining our discord community to suggest future video ideas and consider subscribing to see more questions logically answered.

  Top Comments:
  1. @knurled1 [1 likes]: It's control and manipulation of the worlds finances. It also enables tracking of someone's stock which will obviously be abused.
  2. @the_womb_raider4517 [1 likes]: Friendly reminder that the DTCC committed international securities fraud
  3. @brianjones2384 [1 likes]: Has anyone watched " They Already Took Your Assets! You Just Don't Know It Yet! " on YouTube?
  4. @MatiasRodriguez-qw7ny [1 likes]: ROCKEFELLER AND ROTHSCHILD FAMILY : REMEMBER THOSE NAMES🤬🤬🤬🤮
  5. @ElpidiosantarinDelrosario [1 likes]: Many people are gomna be happy  and many are changing life big help to all peoples in this world  super amazing blessing of our god  creator  and our father in heaven  many people's  or all peoples  are gonna be happy  for that blessing they helping  around the world  thankyou my beloved  father in heaven  for giving anew life anew happiness  to all peoples  in yhis world many people all countries  are gonna  support and gonna help all leaders  countries  for that kinds of blessing  the amazing amount of money in the history  of this universe
  6. @jwins04 [1 likes]: Direct Stock Registration, register your stocks in your name and they are removed from the DTCC
  7. @MarkTisland68 [1 likes]: Of course they are exactly what the "conspiracy theorists" propose them to be!  Duh!  Really?  If there is no way to track their actions, in a public trading company that is responsible for virtually ALL brokerages across the board; coupled with the strange fact that nobody knows who the private owners of this private corporation are ... it stands to reason by pure logic and common sense, that  they are in existence for the purpose of gathering all "make believe" resources (as we make our reference to something called "money" in a fiat system of publicly-traded debt) for their personal benefit.

Do you know that all U.S. courts, from municipal to District to Supreme; all use the DTC in the course of trading your "charges" on the market against you?  They access your Cestui Que Vie Trust by gathering your signature on any number of papers, which makes you an Accommodation Party because of your expertise in dealing with commercial papers; which puts your signature on loan for creating derivatives of the negotiable instruments they create by way of your signature. The clerk takes it to the "window", pools the bonds created; securitizes them, and sells them to international market via the DTC, after a myriad of other stops along the way, in an attempt to cover their tracks.  

It's all bullshit! It's all fraudulent, because they never revealed to you the nature of the contract (and trust me when I tell you; it is all about contracting with you, or this could not happen even at a fraudulent level). They are stealing your "credits" in your Trust account that they never told you about. Each of us has an account worth billions, potentially; but we'll not only never see a dime of it, but they will chip away at it with your unknowing and involuntary consent, through many schemes, but a large part is through our supposed "Court" system!  ALL CRIME IS COMMERCIAL (TITLE 27 CFR; 72.11).
  8. @marilynmitchell2712 [1 likes]: I remember once upon a time when paper stock certificates were issued as proof if ownership, 60 yrs ago
  9. @DeannaSouders-b1h: Deanna souders Rensselaer in I know
  10. @TriplehaloNotTriplehorn: bro that half a quadrillion dollars in sales. wtf
  11. @tobiascree6799: the Tower of Power.
  12. @granvilleemmanuel117: Thanks a lot
  13. @ChrysalisOdyssey: I've heard of CEDE before. Like CEDE stands over Blackrock something stands over CEDE.
Something sinister and so unthinkable it is very difficult to comprehend for the average folk.
But make no mistake.. dirty fingers smashed with truth from exposure is always looming.
  14. @ramolkrin: So it means Cede & Co. Is more powerful than BlackRock, Vanguard and State Street
  15. @plasmaclouds: also half the worlds billionaires use UBS and cede is the second largest institutional shareholder
  16. @Foxis234: 2:39 she is moving cursor on each screen with nothing but her mind 😆
  17. @lindaabernathy4876: Yeah, don't worry too much about it since you an change anything.
  18. @idon.t2156: People responsible for that much money must be responsible WITH THEIR LIVES, because the people say so. This is as important as military power.
  19. @whistlindixie101: Fake news.
  20. @towncenter7602: The system is set up for us all to lose everything when the time is right

- How Does a Trust Work?: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people think trusts are only for the super wealthy -- not true. Trusts can benefit anyone who wants to manage how they leave their money to their family. A trust can give you control over who gets what, and when, how they get it, and why. How do trusts work? Trusts are like containers you can put things in to. You, the grantor, can place assets - like your house, life insurance policies, investments, and other possessions - into a trust. These assets become property of the trust, and are managed by your trustee. You appoint the trustee to ensure your wishes are carried out. As grantor, you decide who receives the assets inside your trust. Typically, your spouse, your children, grandchildren, and charities of your choice are the beneficiaries who receive the assets held in trust. When you create a trust, you determine how the funds inside your trust will be used, and when they will be dispersed. For example, you may want to use assets in your trust to jump-start your children's careers when they're 25. Or supplement their retirement when they turn 60. Or pay college tuition expenses for your grandchildren. Or provide annual scholarships to your alma mater. Your appointed trustee ensures everything is managed according to your instructions. It's important to know there are different kinds of trusts for different purposes. Some are designed to manage who receives your assets, and when. Others may offer tax planning benefits. Make sure you work with financial experts, so that your trusts are properly structured to carry out your specific intentions. Trusts can offer you and your family many financial advantages. Talk with your advisor and an estate planning attorney. Find out how trusts can help you create a lasting legacy for those you love the most.

- Deed of Trust (VITAL in Joint Property Ownership!): Kind: captions Language: en if you're buying a property on joint ownership or financing it through someone else you might want to pay attention today I'm going to explain everything you need to know about the deed of trust including how it functions what benefits it offers and the things to consider before using one first of all let's start with what a deed of trust is a deed of trust also known as a declaration of trust is a legal document that secures all the financial positioning between two parties while making a land deal it serves the purpose of making the buyer's financial and legal stance clear on the property and it also plays an important role when selling the property the deed of trust can be drawn in two circumstances if you're buying a property jointly with someone or if you're financing the property through a third party the document provides the legal structure of ownership mortgage repayments and the responsibilities of the parties involved the deed of trust will always include a trustee who will work for the interests of the beneficiaries when the time arises for the trustees to hand over the property to the beneficiary now let's take a closer look look at what the Declaration of trust includes the Declaration is flexible in its format and it can include different things that might be addressed by the owners however the usual main points that are included in the deed are the name of those involved the land registry the deposit loan amount purchase price mortgage payments and their lifespan and share of equity in the property you may be wondering what's the difference between a mortgage and a deed of trust the mortgage and deed of trust declaration have many things in common however there are some basic differences in each of them the mortgage has two parties involved the lender and the borrower on the other hand the deed of trust has three parties involved trustee lender and borrower the legal title of the property is in the name of the trustee until the loan has been cleared and non-judicial foreclosure is applicable so when is it better to draw up a deed of trust it is better to draw up a deed of trust when you're purchasing a jointly owned property or financing it through someone else it's usually advised that you make it as soon as possible a bit sound legal advice might be needed for comprehensively protecting your interest so it's always best to work with an advisor if you're financing a property through a loan or with someone else's Aid the deed of trust is drawn up to security interests of the lender you will have to nominate a trustee in case you're unable to pay back the loan or you are defaulted the financial obligation will fall upon the trustee who will be held accountable for the mortgage repayments due to the trust deed when the mortgage has been paid off the deed of trust is dissolved and the ownership title is handed over to the actual buyer of the property on the other hand the contract of trust works as a legal Rule and outliner between the joint tenants who have bought property together if the co-owners are unable to decide or don't want to name one of them as the legal owner of the estate they select a trustee the trustee has to work for the interest of the trusters in a transparent manner when the property is sold off the contract works as a crucial document between co-owners so a deed of trust is a legal document that guarantees a real estate a transaction between a borrower and A lender and it is drawn up when you are buying a property jointly with someone or financing the property through a third party the document provides the legal structure for ownership mortgage repayments and the responsibility of the parties involved the deal of trust will always include a trustee who will work for the interests of the beneficiaries when the time arises to hand over the property to them if you are buying a financing it through someone else it's always better to draw up a deed of trust as soon as possible it can be a very good way to protect your interests in the property but make sure to keep in mind some things before signing the trustee deed get sound legal advice and make sure the trustee has no personal interests or a hidden agenda if debts are making it a struggle for you to get on the property ladder then there are a number of debt solution options available here in the UK some are free to use and others will include fees and each will have their own pros and cons if you want to learn more about the solutions available then we've created a really great form that you might be interested in checking out click the link in the description to get started announce for a few simple multiple choice questions like the total amount of debt how many people you owe your living situation and we'll connect you with one of our trusted Partners so that you can find out more and take steps towards improving your financial situation

  Top Comments:
  1. @MoneyNerd [1 likes]: Just a heads up for everyone in the UK: Some of us can legally write off some debt! Here's a 5-step form to find out about the options available - https://moneynerd.co.uk/debt-form/
  2. @AndyY499: Hi, is there any way I can talk to you? I’m having one drawn up now after owning a house with my now ex after 2 years. Need some advice !

- 50 Years of Inspiration and Innovation: The Equity Trust Company Story: Kind: captions Language: en well I have to start with before Equity [Music] Trust so my father had a a very humble challenging early life he was raised by his uh grandparents right outside of a steel mill in a town called lra Ohio and up until age of 16 he didn't even have his own bedroom he slept in the hallway and they rented out their rooms to steel workers who would come in and sleep in between chips so from an early age my father um really started with the traditional kind of uh American story Rags to Riches I graduated from high school and I went to United States Navy and I spent 4 years there and then I transferred to Ohio State and I majored in finance and graduated in 3 years and then I became a stock broker and one of my clients said why don't you to start your own business so that's the beginning of middle house Securities in 1974 and in 1983 uh my father saw uh the opportunity to uh diversify his clients uh Investment Portfolio into real estate uh my father put together a limited partnership ship with his clients and himself to invest in the land and build the building and signed a long-term lease with Drug Mart one of his clients asked could I take my retirement funds and invest in that my IRA and my father kind of didn't know he said I let me check into that well to his surprise not only could you do it but people had been doing it in a very small way that no one had really heard about so he really stumbled upon that concept it's like somebody hitting you on a head and said you got a great idea you better run with it you know and we did and from that single transaction he really created an industry that 50 years later we lead and um inter involved in today yes it was always a plan for me to have a company with my family working together building together and sharing together far back as I can remember the you discussion around the dinner table was always focused on work in my family we talked about two things with my father Sports and we talk business so my dad was a true entrepreneur when my brother and I both uh graduated from college we came back when they came in with their skills in training and building they definitely were a major part of the growth of the firm you know we were in a small building that used to be a a funeral home when we started out and we thought that was the the biggest thing in the world that we owned our own building at that point and a very small organization with just a handful of folks and then we got to work together the three of us and and and building the organization so early on um I always uh dreamt of something bigger and knew that we could become something amazing and great and large I didn't necessarily know how we were going to do it and so along the way it's been an amazing journey was the idea to create a great organization that was fun to work with and uh had a family atmosphere and that we were really on this adventure that we were going to provide this great service to people across the country we're going to educate them we're going to do well in their accounts and and we would just grow that's what differentiated ourselves early on it was getting out there meeting the customers getting them to understand who we are and I think again it being a family business with my father and having his sons there too really made a difference because people like to do business with people they know and they trust and um you know being there and seeing the family you can't get much more real than that when my father would travel across the country and would meet our clients and my brother and I have done that as well when you get to talk to our clients and you see you know how they're taking their funds and investing in things that they know and understand and they're getting great returns and they're providing for their family and the future of their families and impacting the communities we knew and he knew at that time that that's really what our focus should be you know with my father certainly you find somebody that cares about people tremendously always does does the right thing but also will push you and push you to try something new and to take a little risk and it certainly has paid off we would not be where we are today nor the company that we are today without him dick is uh a self-made guy he's a very straightforward person he tells you what he thinks wears his feelings on his sleeve he's very passionate about business and particularly our business and I remember thinking boy I'm going to like this guy I I love people who feel strong ly about things and and Dick does and I love people who aren't afraid to articulate how they feel and Dick does I think my father's uh Legacy will be one of inspiration of people who who've come from very difficult or humble beginnings uh if he can come up and and have the American dream which is definitely alive and true today uh working hard and and providing for others and helping others you can be a success I think he would be an inspiration for many people uh in the American dream that is very important to me to to give back to the community that I was U raised in my experience has been that the area I grew up in was poor and that people needed Education and Training and when I got the ability and got in position to be able to do that I said it was important for me to transfer some of the knowledge and money that I have to make that happen to young kids today you know having to have the leap of faith to start your own business having to to have the courage to really go against his partners and to start in the ira business and then to be on the road almost every weekend talking to people taking no for an answer over and over and over again until things started to pick up and started to turn number one factor that contributes to the success in longevity is the owner's passion and investment in this business and I think one of the things that that Equity Trust has done a good job at over the years is making good decisions to remain relevant in this tremendous Marketplace that we exist in today well the Thing That Remains the Same is service to our customers and doing the work properly and efficiently and remember they're number one and at the same time uh making sure that we create the family atmosphere that we had at the beginning we want to keep that SP in Life Equity Trust uh has the most amazing group of folks throughout its history had challenges you know setbacks but we work together as a team and really that to me is is is the key to everything having a great team uh great culture great Community um that's what makes a company successful I think at its core we're allowing people to have that choice again to invest in what they know invest in what they understand and and investing a lot of times in their communities we're creating jobs we're building businesses we're revitalizing neighborhoods all across the country all of our clients making those Investments and doing great in their account but also really impacting uh their local communities the evolution of this company has revolved around the unique assets that our clients want to invest in their accounts and it continues to this day it seems like we're constantly finding new ways to invest Ira it was important that we change the lives of many of our clients because we showed them how they could make money taxfree and accumulate wealth for their retirement and for the benefit of their family and children and it's a great enjoyment to see them succeed in life the diches have done this for 50 years and the fact that they're so passionate about the business and about our customers being successful in the business they're willing to reinvest in the business which enables people like me to to deploy the technology to deploy the talent uh to improve our product and services to improve the customer experience all of that helps us to remain relevant and and to me that is the single biggest thing you need highquality talent and high quality technology you can't have one or the other many firms try to do one or the other and you can't uh in 2023 we did our uh last acquisition uh which was Midland trust and that's brought us to about 44.9 billion do in assets under custody which is still amazing for me to even say that so when you look at three generations I think we bring a different mindset we bring a different different set of expectations and so having a long-term View and having family ownership really gives us the ability to make decisions based on the long term you know we're 50 and I'm saying we're 50 in in an age where the average age of an S&P 500 company is 18 right and so so we're three times that like that's remarkable um and this company's healthier today than it's ever been right we're more relevant today than we ever have been and so we're just going to keep doing the things that we're doing to to deliver for our clients and I think that's the key to success for us I think the dedication to servicing our clients is number one a knowledge of our industry and rules and regulations number two and number three is Mak making sure that you put money back into the company and that gives you the stability of 50 years that we will be in business another 50 years when our wildest dreams we could never have imagined that we would be where we are right now in the next 50 years that's going to be the same thing we're going to talk about culture we're going to talk about Innovation we're going to talk about a great group here within the organization Equity Trust to serve our clients so that they can be successful and if we focus on those things you know great things are going to happen we've certainly been around the longest and as we continue to grow we play a very important role within the industry being a financially strong organization to continue to reinvest within our organization and really provide the best experience for our customers and our team members

  Top Comments:
  1. @craigballantyne1160 [4 likes]: I love this American Dream story... powerful!
  2. @ELIOSANFELIU [1 likes]: Congrats¡¡
  3. @sephora6171: Beautiful story.

- 03 How Airplane Partnerships Make Ownership Affordable: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi welcome to airplane Partnerships group uh my name is DC surface and behind the scenes we've got Josh Harrington and Debbie forer Lynn working hard and we'd like to welcome you back this is our third video that we've done and today I would like to address a topic called affordability we have a lot of members in the Facebook group uh climbing our way to 47,000 members right now and that's great thing because it makes a whole lot easier for you to find Partnerships in your area so uh one of the big questions that we get a lot of times uh and if you're new to this you've never been in a partnership before one of the key questions that comes to mind is how much does all this cost and so I'd like to address that today a little bit and keep in mind uh my numbers I'm really just kind of going from experience from what I've uh experienced in past Partnerships and numbers that you see may vary plus or minus uh who knows how much but uh it's going to it's going to vary a little bit and I'm going to make this assumption off of a Cessna 172 and probably a vintage 172 it could be something very similar to that like a uh you know a a Cherokee 180 a piper Warrior uh something something of that nature but we're going to base this off of assessment 172 which seems to be one of the most popular uh planes out there especially for a partnership so but it does run all over the place so one of the things I'm going to base my assumption on today is the acquisition cost and we're going to pretend or make that 100 Grand so we have a budget of $100,000 and so what I want to do is strike the difference between like you being the sole owner of this air plane and um you being in a partnership a four-way partnership which is what I highly recommend uh anywhere from three to four people but four is a really optimum number to have in a partnership for a plane now a lot of people say well what if you have differences and you have to throw out a vote there and you got two people want two people don't want something and then you got to figure that out up front like how are you going to do the tiebreaker and all that but all that let's say we got four members in this thing we got a $100,000 airplane that we're looking at and so your part of that as a fourth owner is $25,000 so for the price of a good used car in the market today you can be in this airplane and so one of the things I want to talk about is fixed cost versus variable cost so once you acquire this beautiful 172 uh for 100 grand total you've got three other partners you're in it for 25 Grand now you got to start looking at what is the fixed cost for this and what is the variable cost going to be so the fixed costs are going to be things like the hanger or the tie down uh highly recommend a hanger but a lot of places don't have hangers available and there's really nothing wrong with the tie down if you've protected your airplane with covers and things like that uh you want to make sure that you do do that if you do have on a tie down a tie down is going to be a lot less expensive uh than a hanger is for sure uh hangers depending on what part of the country you're in can run anywhere from I've seen it from 250 bucks a month which is on the low end uh all the way up to a th000 bucks a month or more but that's definitely the highend for this so you've got the cost of that hanger so we're just going to figure an average cost of say 500 bucks a month for a hanger uh the last plane I that's pretty much what we were paying a month for it and so then you've got the hanger fee then you've got the insurance and the insurance is one of those things that is kind of up in the air too uh a little bit being that it's all based on all the pilots so you take four Pilots whoever's got the least amount of experience and stuff is typically what the insurance is going to be based off of and if that Pilot's got less than $300 hours you're probably going to pay a premium for the insurance on that airplane so one of the things that you need to look at with it with insurance is I wouldn't go out there and own an airplane without hauling liability they do have liability only Insurance available and that's the cheapest you're going to be uh typically that will cost I don't know anywhere from 300 to 600 bucks a year um and you'll have a million dollar liability coverage on it somewhere in that neighborhood but that really doesn't cover if something happens to that airplane so you want to get whole liability whole and liability coverage on the airplane uh at the value of the airplane and so say the value of this airplane is going to be $100,000 that's what we want to cover it for so in that case uh you're probably looking somewhere in the ballpark of about $3,000 a year to cover that airplane and that's based on everybody being proficient everybody having probably 300 plus hours and if you got less than that it may cost you a little bit more or that may be right on it you know you just need to contact your insurance company out there and talk to them about this because I'm just again throwing averages out there so you've got the insurance cost on there and then some of the other fixed cost that you want to look at is I would definitely go in and have an engine Reserve um and that's going to be paid typically by the hours that you fly the airplane um so it doesn't really work into a fixed cost it's more of a flying expense for you but nonetheless you want to make sure that you've got an engine Reserve an engine today to be overhauled can cost anywhere from 35 to 50 Grand who knows uh um and the engines typically last around 2,000 hours it's called TVO time between overhaul and you can you know hopefully get that kind of hours out of your airplane if you're taking real good care of it maintaining it well hopefully you see that kind of hours but when it comes time to overhaul that engine or you're getting close to that you want to have that money sitting in a reserve account to cover it so you're not uh coming up with a ton of money out of your pocket when that does occur so you've got the uh engine Reserve there uh and then let's flip over to that that'll pretty much cost you also want to probably uh budget for an annual an annual on an airplane is the annual inspection by an AM licensed uh am mechanic and um you want to make sure that you have something budgeted for that um I would probably today probably budget about 2500 bucks and to be honest about it you'd be lucky to get away with a $2,500 annual that's and you probably could get away with that maybe if you owner assisted the mechanic or uh you just absolutely had no squaws with the airplane whatsoever you might be able to get away with that but I wouldn't count on that I would be looking at um you know something's going to be uh required to be replaced on this airplane and we're going to have to you know come out of pocket more for that but at least it's nice to have an annual budget of about 2500 bucks sitting there doing in that and then we flip over and we look at the variable cost of this thing so the variable cost is going to be things like uh oil changes squawks and squawks again are little issues that come up with the airplane you may want to budget for that so again you're not coming out of pocket with a lot of money all at one time to take care of something that you really you know couldn't foresee uh one of the craziest things that the happened on my 206 uh was we lost a fuse panel and the only place we could get a replacement fuse panel was from Cessna and by the time that thing was said and done it was like $3,000 to install uh a fuse panel so uh I would rather have some money sitting there to cover things like that in a budget as opposed to everybody now having to come up with their uh share of $3,000 to fix things like that but uh so the the other thing that you look at in uh variable cost is flight hours and things like that that was going to cost you out of your pocket like uh it you know fuel um and again just the squawks and different things like that that happens with it so that's kind of a good idea of what you're looking at there's all kinds of software out there and spreadsheets and stuff that you can fine-tune this with so I'm just really throwing out uh high level numbers here just to give you an idea if you're new to all this and you're thinking about getting in this what's what's an airplane like this really going to cost cost me and can I afford it and you know if you if you look at a lot of things like that um and you look at the absolute cost uh it's really not that bad because the the fixed cost could run anywhere from uh $1,000 uh a month so instead of it being $1,000 a month out of your pocket you're looking at $250 a month out of your pocket um variable cost is probably going to be somewhere around 500 bucks a month so again if you look at that and what you're budgeting for um squaws and different issues like that oil changes and things like that you're looking probably about another 125 bucks a month out of your pocket for that so right now you're sitting at $375 a month which is far less than the average car payment uh which by the way right now uh a new car payment on average is like 735 bucks a month and a good used car on average is about 525 bucks a month somewhere in that neighborhood so you're in this airplane for 375 less than you got into a car at this particular point in time now let's take a look at the usage what is it going to cost me to operate this thing you know the average pilot we say if you fly 100 hours a year that's a l lot and it really is it takes a lot of commitment to fly 100 hours a year that's why uh partnership is so great if they're not designed to sit on the ground so you want them up flying in between four people you can probably put 100 hours maybe 125 hours a year on one the typical pilot that we see out there uh probably only flies about 50 or 60 hours a year so we're going to go with 5 hours a month and what's that going to cost me so you're looking at the monthly fixed and variable around 375 bucks you're looking at a 5H hour engine Reserve which I placed at $25 an hour it could be up to 50 bucks an hour just depends on what all the partners agree on and how much of a reserve you want to have there but let's go the low end at 25 bucks an hour so if you're flying five hours a month you've got 125 bucks in it you've got $375 in the fix and variable cost of this and then the other thing that we've got to Fig figure in is the fuel burn so if you're flying 5 hours a month on average of 172 I'm just going to call it 10 gallons an hour so you're looking at 50 bucks or excuse me 50 gallons uh for the month for year flying and if you look at the average cost you're going to pay a little more a little less depending on where you're at but your average cost for fuel today is around six bucks a gallon so you're going to have around $300 in fuel and when I say that typically when a partner takes off with an airplane and comes back it's your responsibility to top off the airplane so the next partner that comes along that wants to fly it has a full tank of gas they don't want any surprises and they also don't want to be paying for your trip so make sure you top it off and uh you're looking at right at you know 300 bucks a month for that so all total I would budget around 800 bucks a month for you to fly and own your own airplane um and that is Affordable if you're getting into airplanes and you want to be able to take trips and do things with an airplane with yourself and your family and your friends uh that's very affordable when you look at it from that aspect of it um and if you you know look at if you own that airplane outright you would probably be adding another $ th000 a month to that easy but the reason I'm such a big advocate for Partnerships is that's ideal situation what you have to plan for is the unexpected and the unexpected is what really always gets you right uh all of a sudden the airplane didn't make it to TBO it um you know it it it it blew something it blew a cylinder it blew something out and now you've got to spend maybe 5,000 maybe 10,000 fixing it or maybe you got to go full overhaul on it and spend 35 or 40 Grand on it so it makes it a lot more pable when you're splitting that four ways same thing with upgrades uh a lot of the Vintage planes and stuff now do have a lot of good upgrades and stuff in them but you know say you want to put a mac daddy autopilot in it and that thing cost $35 ,000 everybody agrees that that's what they want in the airplane and again you're splitting the cost on that four ways not coming out of pocket with it so there's a lot of advantage to this uh I hope that this gives you some kind of idea again if you're brand new that um of what the actual cost is that you're looking at and again this is going to vary uh from location to location and so you just need to you know look at what that is in your area so um if you're not in the Facebook group I encourage you to join uh the reason for this is we're climbing our way to 47,000 members now and again it just makes it very very simple for you to find Partnerships in your area and that's a great thing uh one of the other things I'd like to do if you will send us an email we will send you some information on um why a partnership with an airplane so with that I'm going to close out saying I hope you have blue skies and smooth winds ahead may your attitude always be as high as your spirits and your Landings as perfect as your takeoffs and with that I wish you safe travels take care see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Skylion73: Could you please expand on how to manage cost of flying hrs per partner? Is it the standard to charge partners per hour and how you set that cost ? Thanks a lot

- Flying Club vs. Aircraft Ownership: 5 Reasons a Club Could Be Better!: Kind: captions Language: en five reasons why joining a flying Club could be better for you than owning an aircraft so in full transparency this video is coming from someone who is in a flying club and has never owned an aircraft so I haven't actually experienced both sides of this argument but let me tell you why for me a flying Club is better even without ever having owned an aircraft so first and foremost the most important reason to join a flying Club is for cost so let's be honest if I could just walk in throw down $100,000 in cash on the table and buy an airplane I mean I probably would you know right I mean why why wouldn't you but the nice thing about a flying Club is that the cost is split across all the owners so if you own an airplane the monthly cost of the hanger it's all on you but in our Flying Club it's divided by 12 aircraft insurance is due divided by 12 same with ad hoc maintenance same with annual inspection so you get the idea so you as an individual do not bear the entire weight of that cost it's divided amongst each of the members equally and that's huge so the second reason I would say is learning opportunities so I'm not an A&P but we have some members in our group who are very knowledgeable maintenance wise so you have like a social group of people right of good knowledgeable people in different areas in your flying Club so when the plane is due for an oil change for example you know several of us occasionally we might meet up or help or learn the process right of aircraft maintenance same with other preventative maintenance tax you know as a non- mechanic pilot I might be hesitant about doing some of these things on my own had I own my own aircraft however when you have maintenance minded people in your flying Club it gives you opportunities to be around them ask questions learn from them and have the opportunity to be around different maintenance activities and really it's not just maintenance right so people come and go on our club and occasionally a CFI joins the club to build ours now you have a great resource to go flying with or just bounce questions off you know what your monthly hanger get together so the social part of it and learning opportunities right those are big benefits of being in a club so the third reason I would say would be a shared responsibility when you own an aircraft you know coordinating everything is on you whether it's coordinating the maintenance that is due keeping the insurance up to date hang your leases fuel bills you know General billing recordkeeping you name it but in a flying Club it's more of like a shared responsib ility right so you might have someone who is into maintenance and is Keen on coordinating that so they kind of take that part of it you might have someone who's good with bookkeeping right who tracks finances insurance and you know billing for certain things billing for the members so instead of you as one person having to coordinate all of that right you could have different team members play a different part in your group and then you know when you want to fly the plane you just get in and go knowing that you know all the different pieces have come together to make it happen so that's really nice the fourth I would say is just having a number of people who keep the aircraft flying so the amount of flying that I do on a regular basis it it fluctuates wildly throughout the year so I travel a lot for work so there could be like two months go by between different flights that I do so if I had a plane it could potentially sit you know on the ground in the hanger for months on in and having planes just sit around that's not really good for them you know planes like to F they do well when they're flown uh routinely and continuously used so a plane and a flying club right is more likely to be flown so I think a follow-up question to that might be and it's a good question well isn't scheduling then a problem with 12 people in your Club so to be honest no scheduling isn't a problem at all you know most of the people in our club fly only once or twice a month and some hardly fly at all the schedule is pretty much wide open in fact I just flew today and I was the only person on the calendar in like a 5-day window now I know not all clubs probably are like that but there are clubs out there where the the window of opportunity for flying is wide open and you know this is like Peak beautiful fall weather season so then the last one I would say is that clubs can have different selections of aircraft now this one's last on my list because our club only has a Piper Cherokee but there are you know other clubs in the area and one I was looking at joining actually had a Cess 150 and a Cessna 182 so if you want to go low and slow by yourself you know take the 150 if you want to have a couple friends go with you and actually go somewhere then you know take the 182 so this type of Club does have some awesome flexibility if you can join a club which has multiple aircraft you know cuz when you buy an airplane one of the first questions that you have to answer is like well what's the mission that I'm going to use this airplane floor for and then you buy an airplane that fits that mission but then like your less frequent missions you're just kind of using that airplane for all of your missions sometimes if you can join a club which have different aircraft then you can pick and choose your aircraft based on the mission so that's a benefit for clubs so there you go five reasons why joining a club might be better for you than actual aircraft ownership but you know the bottom line is whether you rent buy join a flying Club you know it's a personal decision and you know what makes sense for one person might not make sense for someone else so it's really up to you the most important thing is is that you're flying and that you're having fun so thanks everyone for watching today hope you join us on a future flight and thanks for flying J1 Aviation

  Top Comments:
  1. @jayshuntingandaviation7294 [3 likes]: Clubs could be a step between renting and owning.
  2. @garrychadwick5271 [2 likes]: I have owned many planes by myself, as a partnership and in a club.  I was a founding member in our flying club and treasurer.  We had 33 members at our peak and three planes.  One thing I would suggest is being careful about doing any maintenance.  If anything happens, the few that worked on it have liability.  Unless every member is working on the plane, I feel the people working on the plane take on a lot of risk.  The other issue in a club is that people act like renters and not owners so they don't take care of it like actual owners would.  The club is now down to one plane and six members and it has had damage from hard landings and issues due to being run too lean since the user fee is dry.  Upgrades are another thing members never want to do.  The renter mentality does not want to invest back into the plane.
  3. @henrychinaski846 [2 likes]: I'm a pilot in a German flying club. Got my license 2 months ago. It's relatively cheap to fly and there are many experienced pilots around that give good advice. Scheduling isn't a problem, because I'm flying an exotic plane: Scheibe Falke SF 25 C touring motor glider with central wheel, tailwheel and auxiliary wheels below the wings.
Cessna 172, Robin DR 400 or Diamond DA20 Katana are booked quite often, but "my" plane is mostly available 😄
Getting my license in a club was great and I love being around all those guys and gals.
  4. @Kristinataylor-j2m [1 likes]: Awesome video something i was just thinking about.
  5. @helios1912: Cars stopped using leaded gasoline in 1975. Come to think of it, most GA airports still look like 1975--172s and Cherokees at sagging tie-downs.  A torn "LEARN TO FLY" banner flapping on a chain link fence.  The gasoline tanks for topping off your rented Cessna after your expensive flight for that burger. 122.8 squawking on a loudspeaker reporting 150s on downwind. Hello, is anybody there at the FBO?  GA is a cottage industry struggling to provide transportation and recreation.
  6. @Spiritual_eden: I have come to discover that the Warrior II at $70K or Cadet at $60K are the best for flying clubs. Both on TsunamiAir. Durable, cheap to maintain, and perfect for training. Free listings mean clubs can find real deals. Good stuff.

- Join A Flying Club Or Buy My Own Airplane: Kind: captions Language: en today I'm in my kitchen as you can see but I'm actually heading out to a local airfield here so as some of you who have been following this channel already knows since I've announced that I'm looking to purchase a small airplane I've gotten a ton of suggestions from you guys generally speaking the process have been going well but I would say that a lot of what I've been doing a lot of the research and things like that are done online and today I'm gonna take it offline so I'm gonna go visit a local airport see what airplanes are abandoned out there and see maybe somebody is looking to sell their aircraft more importantly you guys have suggested to me to look into flying clubs and I'll be honest I never thought about this or I did but it's been in the back of my mind really because when I look at the flying clubs that are close to me a lot of it are really flight schools but today I'm gonna go check one out and just ask a few questions and see if perhaps that could be an option for me okay let's go [Music] so walk into the flight school just want you guys to see how big this airfield is actually it's one of the busiest in the state of Georgia you can see here go speak it has a lot of jet like action here and there quite a few of flight schools out here but anyway let's see if this could be home and today I'm actually heading to I might as well give him a plug I'm heading to Skybound I will to what it's called believe it or not when I first moved here to the state of Georgia this is one of the first schools that was recommended to me I didn't even know that they had a flying club it's a flight school but apparently this is a flying club attached to it but we'll see let's go I'll leave the camera on yes inquire about your flying club membership rates so I understand it's a flight school but you also have like members or club rates okay the way the club works is it's 325 days doing for the first year and that's the annual dues up to 75 plus a $50 a moment Pete it's good for you monthly at $25 a month or renewed for another year to 75 and now look at your fleet here and to be more precise honestly I'm looking to fly a Piper Cherokee now how I saw on your website I think you have one or two of those and how available is that airplane is it one that gets so now I see through different rental fees 95 is prepay something if you like pay a bunch at a time so yeah you have to walk in there and aplomb okay and the prepay is only available for members okay are just free bombing flight time is $2,000 in comments oh wow okay so but the normal Club rate is $100 an hour that's the discount you're getting as a club member okay and now in terms of your rentals say I is there like a limit to how or is there a minimum amount of hours or days say I wanted to take the airplane for a weekend or whatever is there or if I just wanted to take it for one day come back after I don't know three four hours what are the rules around that okay there are no minimums but nobody has ever abused it so right I tell everybody seven years that I've been here and okay nobody's abused it so we're still good on no minimum so I try to tell everybody please be courteous right hop over to the next airport and keep it there for a week which of your fleet gets booked the least out of all this aircraft is probably right how I'm guessing you're more busy during the weekends okay guys so as you can I don't know I hope you guys were able to listen in some of the questions I was asking and they told me that the airplane that I would that I'm looking around which is the Piper Cherokee the only have one in the fleet but they have other later models like the Archer which costs about 50 percent more per hour but again I don't know if you cut the part where she said that uh because the airplane goes faster so your your cost per mile may be lower or about the same so that's a math that I need to do myself but as you can see the numbers are 325 for the year and then you get a good amount of discount per hour when you rent if any of the airplanes that they have in the fleet and again so far based on the reviews that I've read about this flying school slash flying club it's been decently good for the most part and it's really ran well it's run as like a mom-and-pop shop it's a very small private business and a lot of people have said really good things about them so I'm gonna go home and do the math and I'll probably check out some other flight clubs either out here or at another local airport just to compare the numbers and see if this is a viable option but again if you guys if you're in the same shoes that I am in right now that I'm looking just think all I want to do is fly oh man I just want to get back in the cockpit and I'm this is an option either I joined a flying club which is I guess more affordable than buying an airplane so and that's why I'm considering doing this but I don't know yet I'll go home put the numbers together and do the math see if it's if it's worth it and I'll definitely keep you guys posted okay I hope you guys enjoyed this video again my name is Mike thank you so much for watching give a thumbs up if you enjoy the video and if this is your first time make sure to hit that subscribe button and I will catch you guys on the next video Hey also on patreon consider supporting me on patreon I really appreciate it peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @shanecroughan [30 likes]: My 2 cents - buy into a plane with 1 good partner, maybe 2 at most. I bought into way more plane than I could have ever imagined. I was looking at buying a plane  cash, by myself, for around 20-30k. That would have gotten me a beat up piper with high hours. 

I saved my ass off. I ended up finding a partner that was selling 50% share in his beautiful Beechcraft Debonair. I now own a high performance, complex aircraft that cruises at 150 knots at 10 gph. A freaking Beechcraft!!

Never thought I'd own that as my first plane in my wildest dreams. He's an awesome partner, and will be aging out in the next year or two cause he can't pass medical. You know.damn well I'm buying the other half of that plane lol. 

I bought a $70k plane for $23k. 😳 we alternate weeks, and if i want it on his week, I just call him to see if he's using it. We share 50% of the cost for everything.

Buy all day.
  2. @Nolonge111 [1 likes]: Here in Albany NY there's a flying club called ADK in Saratoga. Check this bullshit....
They have 30 members, a waiting list to become a member, these assholes only have 2 airplanes and Members acquire an equity interest in the Club. Upon joining, each member is required to purchase capital in the Corporation in the amount of $3,500 for a share of the Club.  Members pay monthly dues of $120.00 to cover Club fixed expenses, in which $40 is built-in for one hour of flying time.

😐
  3. @algeriasolitaryman3662 [1 likes]: 🇩🇿🇩🇿👍👍✌✌
  4. @ilovetech8341: Could you recommend me a place near Brooksville Florida? I want to fly to Cancun through the year to see my wife. Should I get my pilot license and rent a plane?
  5. @hadleymanmusic: When I was takin lesson before 911 I said im gonna build fly then weitten and if I pass ill do demonstration of abilitys. I dont even know if they still accept that.
  6. @icaruscomplex5588: love your videos
  7. @ohcliff1030: I’ve looked into local flying clubs, but they all have waiting lists!!!  I’ve been thinking of hanging out at one of our local airports to see if I can meet pilots, and maybe become someone’s flying buddy.  Just a thought!
  8. @6packjesus: So are you only charged for the hours you fly it ? Or the hours you are holding it like if you go for a 2 day trip will you be charged 48 hours ?  Thanks.  New to this
  9. @dannycook484: Mike,
Great video and will support on Patreon.  We must be neighbors.   I am flying at a flight school in Lawrenceville.   Take care!
  10. @bimalyadav6496: How interesting. This is my flight school.
  11. @srammohansrammohan9551: Pilot training eligible, age and Qualifications . please Information.
  12. @SadethCheng: I rent from Skybound too.
  13. @phillipperobinson769: Hello, I have really enjoyed watching your videos, your approach to flight and the enjoyment of it. I've just recently became interested in the Ercoupe and Aircoupe.
  14. @brax2364: I’ve pretty much always had the key in my pocket which goes a long way towards mitigating any gethomeitis.  I don’t like sharing my plane.
  15. @skydawg727: Buy an experimental, way cheaper to own and easier to upgrade.
  16. @dflow7878: That club is so cheap
  17. @DavidBerquist334: Is this at katl atlanta hart's feild
  18. @kevingormley4689: Interesting video.  I am looking at options and your video brought great value to me.  Thank You!
  19. @drivemind7142: rent or buy??? hmmmm i know build it myself
  20. @williamjcallahan1620: Great job thx

- The Economics of Flying Private: How NetJets Became the Uber of Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en What does it actually cost to fly private? And why are more people doing it than ever before? Private aviation is a multibillion dollar business. And companies like NetJets are changing how the ultra wealthy move. Even in the smallest aircraft type in our program, you're talking today about an initial capital investment of more than $800,000 to buy a piece of an airplane. We have something like 40% of the Fortune 500 that are are NetJets customers. And as major commercial airlines are trying to win back premium customers, can commercial aviation companies successfully keep them? [Music] NetJets doesn't sell private jets. It sells fractions of jets. Customers buy a share as little as 116th of a specific aircraft model. That idea splitting jet ownership like a time share unlocked a new market. Today we operate nearly,00 aircraft which if you were comparing us to a commercial airline would make us the second or third largest on the planet. Unlike charter services, it owns and controls its fleet allowing tighter control over quality scheduling and safety. The average NetJets customer flies with us for about 75 to 100 hours per year. Our typical customer will be somebody who is a principal of a privately held company. We have something like 40% of the Fortune 500 that are our NetJets customers. Flying with NetJets doesn't come cheap. A fractional ownership share on a light jet like the Phenom 300 starts at around $850,000 upfront, plus about $325,000 per year in operating costs for 50 flight hours. For those who want a more affordable and flexible option, the NetJets card starts at $215,000 for 25 hours annually. That $215,000 jet card, that's the cost of four down payments on the average American home. Within the shared ownership model, we really have three cost components for the customer. You have the initial capital investment, which is a onetime investment where somebody's buying a piece of the airplane and then they pay a monthly management fee. If you owned your own airplane, you'd have pilot salaries, you need to have mechanic salaries, and you'd have hanger rent. So in our model, you're sharing that across the other members of the program. And then every time you fly, we bill you the variable hourly costs associated with flying that trip from A to B, which covers things like the fuel expense of the aircraft, the ground charges and the handling fees and the things that that would go into operating an airplane from A to B. That business model caught the attention of Warren Buffett. And in 1998, Berkshire Hathaway bought NetJets and has held on to it since. You see in the luxury travel segment overall, people are making more of an investment in experiences than in things. That certainly has been a tailwind for us. You know, if I'm being honest, the commercial experience has not gotten any better over the last several years, and that has driven more people to want to fly netjets. During the pandemic, demand for private air travel soared as people feared crowded airports and packed planes. In the US, business aviation traffic in 2021 hit record highs, surpassing the 2019 levels, and in 2021 saw over 3.3 million private jets worldwide, a 7% increase over preandemic levels. Only about 10% of the people who met the financial, you know, norms or averages of private aviation were actually flying privately. and CO certainly unlocked some portion of that addressable market. And then the big question was would they go back to the airlines when the pandemic subsided and you know masks came off and vaccines went in arms. After the initial co boom many private airline companies saw slumps in profits but in Q1 of 2025 Berkshire Hathaway reported a profit bump in its service division which it contributed to its aviation services. For NetJets, we're operating at 40 45% larger than we were in 2019. So, we've maintained record retention rates. Major commercial airlines are trying to claw back premium travelers by rolling out redesigned business class cabins, faster boarding, and high-end lounges. But for some flyers, the best perks aren't enough. Anonymity is key to our business. One of the appeals of flying netjets versus owning your own airplane is that you're virtually untraceable. Whether you have concerns about appearances or whether you have concerns about safety, netjets can provide that in a way that that you can't get owning your own airplane. As the demand for private flights increases, so does the visibility of their impact. Each trip emits many times more carbon emissions per passenger than a commercial trip, and that's drawn growing scrutiny, especially as more celebrities and CEOs are called out for frequent short hall trips. When Taylor Swift's private jet usage was tracked online in 2023, it sparked a wave of backlash and highlighted the growing divide between convenience and climate responsibility. Now with the business booming, even the industry's biggest players are under pressure to address the carbon footprint. Sustainability is at the forefront for our industry right now. And the way that we're addressing it at NetIts is we are the largest buyer of sustainable aviation fuel in the industry. We offer carbon offset programs for our customers. We offset all of our own internal company flying. So anything that we do for maintenance flights or training flights or anything like that, we we buy the carbon credits to offset. As commercial travel faces continued pressure from rising costs to growing delays, demand for more efficient discrete options isn't likely to vanish. Private aviation remains a niche but profitable business fueled by clients who value control more than cost.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Saa42808 [8 likes]: One thing is sure if I have money I would never use a commercial airliner. Yup.
  2. @AndreaHerrick-e5j [2 likes]: Bailing due to the vocal fry…
  3. @buddyM-c4n [2 likes]: The vocal fry is HIDEOUS! Unwatchable....or rather...unlistenable.
  4. @projectdesign4675 [1 likes]: $800k (upfront) + $6,500 an hr is bad money (from the west coast) is $100 k round trip to Europe........so your net worth would have to exceed $100 million (minimum) for you "not to feel it"!
      The jet owner company have priced their selves very safely, very!
 Buy your own jet and you can live like Raymond Reddington!
  5. @Scrotie899 [1 likes]: I'd like to hear about this but that vocal fry is unlistenable.
  6. @donnagray1306 [1 likes]: Have to escape early. The Kardashian vocal fry is annoying, Fortune.
  7. @tstcikhthys: What "impact"? Jets don't have a crash force on the environment; they have a footprint or effect on the environment. Where are people learning this nonsensical jargon from?
  8. @Jensen-C: 2:56 Jesus so they have close to 0 operational costs, and the people who “own” the jets don’t own jack shit.  That’s an insanely smart business model
  9. @Nissan400z_abc: Well i was about to charter the Bombardier Global 7500 but now that i heard about how it's hurting our environment a lot, i decided to fly frontier economy class.
  10. @1583217: Is Miley Cyrus narrating this video?
  11. @roland-yepp: if you own 1/16 of a flight, how does it work when some of the other 15 want to fly the same time as you?
  12. @chuckpringle4860: Climate change is a joke. Tell the plants that count on carbon to live they needs to die to save the planet....
  13. @777driver1: These are the same folks selling global warming 🤣🤣🤣
  14. @coopandcarter: My wife and several of her friends take a private flight once a year. You would have to be very, very well heeled to do it on a regular basis. The plane my wife flies on is a smaller jet, I can't imagine the cost of a large plane.  The ability to drive up to the plane, board your luggage and off you go is really a nice experience.. I cringe everytime she books the flight, but it's the only time she ever splurges. Most people flying are probably on the OPM plan.
  15. @jwilson3985: What a joke. Steep buying carbon credits and reduce customer costs accordingly. Haven’t we proven that climate change is the biggest hoax in history??
  16. @torley: Who is the female narrator? Enjoyed her voice!
  17. @MikeFooteKC: Think how much cheaper it would be if they weren't pandering to the Eco-commies and their carbon credit nonsense!
  18. @nickstoica: Here’s my take on this fractional bullshit…if you can’t afford either that means you actually don’t need it…whoever flies less than 200 hours per year doesn’t need to own, who flies less than 100 doesn’t need fraction anything…it’s a ripoff only companies can afford because it’s a deductible business „expense“!
  19. @topofthegreen: $10,000 an hour is not cheap.
  20. @andyklapper8484: This is the dream within the dream of winning Powerball at its current $1.7 billion jackpot ($350 million take home).  Till then, I need to convince my wife to use a discount carrier like Nordic Airways instead of Delta for business class seats at coach prices.

- What are some things to consider in an aircraft co-ownership?: Kind: captions Language: en aircraft co-ownership is a good way to make general aviation more affordable before entering into such an agreement consider factors like how frequently will I be using the plane does my use leave enough excess capacity to satisfy another co-owner how inflexible is my schedule how often will my schedule conflict with that of my co-owner because all Co ownerships should def find a finite duration ask yourself how long you're willing to commit how will we decide on significant changes such as improvements to the aircraft and changes in where the aircraft is managed or based are there limits on how the plane will be used such as where it will be flown how long the trips can be and whether pets are allowed on board these are all straightforward questions but it is key to discuss them in advance and to document the answers to avoid any conflict or misunderstanding down the road for

- Workplace Mental Health - all you need to know (for now) | Tom Oxley | TEDxNorwichED: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what's it like to work where you work school somewhere else busy right everybody being asked to do more with less hands up who gets their work email on a device at home hands up who sleeps in the same room as their that device hands up who who works evenings and weekends just to do more work the next day hands up who who sometimes wakes up in the night thinks about work can't switch off speaks to the phone before their family in the morning ah yeah early signs of stress okay sorry to tell you hands up who is so busy they they have their breakfast on the toilet no good just my brother-in-law then that's reassuring but but most of the things that I talked about are communists the new norm before we leave the house in the morning our rucksack is is half full it's no surprise then that that the third to half of us will experience some kind of stress anxiety and depression during our working lives those those conditions are common and they are responsible for 30% more absence than anything else including musculoskeletal and physical industry in injury 30% more and yet we we struggle in which we struggle on CI review workplaces and how they support people or not on mental health and I've interviewed more than 170 people and looked at the information from 15,000 survey respondents and a mental health is complex but this much I know people who have poor mental health they want to be at work on the whole and they struggle in to do that when they're at work they they have difficulty concentrating communicating juggling tasks and they get cranky sometimes with the customers and colleagues but they can't speak up to their manager the manager doesn't know how to have a conversation the employee doesn't know if the manager is going to support them or stigmatize them or say well we're all stress mate or manage them out of the organization so our employee who wants to be at work doesn't know the support choices can't have a conversation about it they feel significant stigma sometimes from the organization sometimes from themselves and it just rumbles on right they they don't take the time off that they need or if they do they give a different reason for their absence and here's one of the reasons was because we just don't talk enough about mental health in our workplaces until past breaking point how do we get to this well I thought we were all supposed to be resilient these days in the workplace we are supposed to have brazilians how do you get resilience well you ought to have a good work-life balance that's the first thing okay life life life the field of flowers that I skip through to and from work right if your life's like anything like my life it contains things like separation and grief and dental bills and add peas that get stuck up your child's nostril and exhaust that fall off your car the day after the MOT but we we soldier on my rucksack now three-quarters full we were taught to and we go into work and when we shouldn't really be there presenteeism it's called and presenteeism costs the workplace 1.8 times that of absenteeism being away but we don't even get that bit right because we go in and we say to our manager I think it might be struggling it might be stress anxiety depression they get then always good I think well you must go and see your doctor and so we go off to the doctor and we say hi I'm really struggling I'm losing sleep I can't talk to my manager I'm having my breakfast on the toilet and the doctor says well if we're in this country you're going mmm that's interesting I'm gonna sign you off for two weeks it's the first NHS response okay it's well-meaning and I get that and sometimes time time off from from work is a really good thing and seeing our doctor is a good thing but it's not the first place for that conversation it took an employment lawyer in King's Lynn in Norfolk 28 seconds to be signed off from work having entered the consultation room it's not the first place for that so you leave the surgery with a with a label a diagnosis and you're staring down a packet of pills and daytime television and it's it's really scary I've been there and and if we just so quick to disengage people we need to be having these conversations in the workplace rather than disengaging and let me tell you about disengaging and I know illustrate the business case for this so I I interviewed somebody called Nick was a senior manager global firm constantly exceeding expectations at appraisal because there are appraisals remember to get more money we have to do more work than we should be doing different point but anyway so Nick Nick's mom died then he had his two or three days compassionate leave and he came back to the organization and he tried to organize himself some flexi time work more during the week have a bit of more time off from fridays and his manager said no on the basis that and I quote everyone will want it Nick's a good lovely guy a really lovely guy and really did it him but of course you know he was unable to talk to his manager they fell out he went to the doctor he got lots more time off but this was sickness and he disengaged and he never really came back to the organization properly unions go involved cost a lot of money and was entirely avoidable Sally's story Sally is or sell his dad died as she was working for international charity again you get successful manager and her manager said Sally I don't think you're right I think you need some more time off I think you you know we can do some work from home and a phased return and you might be surprised here that Sally still works for that organization it's still a high flier okay and she's an advocate of the employer so had they had the global firm that Nick worked for acted like the charity it would have saved itself many thousands of pounds okay so what should we do leaders had teachers project managers whoever wherever you lead you need to talk about mental health in the workplace when you speak other people listen okay the the conversation the positive language it cascades down an organization you don't make more people unwell by speaking about mental health you give them the opportunity to seek help sooner remember Nick remember Sally leaders who talk about mental health universally gain respect same with managers managers you need to talk about mental health in the workplace and you need to train managers train and train them to spot the signs and the symptoms know what to say know when to say it know where to shut up know when to listen know how to have a human conversation if you're a manager use this rule of thumb be the manager you'd like to have if you were experiencing stress anxiety depression HR an occupational health I can I can pretty much guarantee that your schools and and your workplaces policies on stress anxiety depression or absence and and those sorts of things are probably too long full of jargon self-serving same with the the the absence procedure right they when somebody calls in sick on that first day as a golden conversation for a dialogue on mental health who's listening who's writing this down where is it going who's offering support and this is the same thing for your people right you've got it you've got it offer support to your people therapy is fantastic stuff but through the NHS it's gonna take you eight weeks three months six lessons of therapy three hundred pounds what's that compared to a great bit of time off in it and that disengaging it's off your therapy the other thing we do with people when they join in a workplace is we teach them how to lift a box which is great and thank you for that but why don't we talk to them about how to have a conversation with a colleague okay call it when they're struggling okay so if you were out there and you see somebody struggling then say something say how are you my cup of tea if you think you're struggling that you should say something this is not just a a a once and done conversation it's all just a poster on the back of the toilet door it's a camp it's a cultural shift and it takes time okay but the wonderful thing is that everybody can do this okay what you need is a tray of sandwiches and a packet of post-it notes and a bunch of people who've been off while they've been working for you okay they'll give you all the information that you need okay you could you could partner with a charity like mindful employer if you like you could hire a consultant if you must but you really ought to be listening making adjustments changes and writing this down the Health and Safety Executive expect you to be doing this already by the way right in the future would be we'll be talking about some of the things that have been mentioned today mindfulness meditation in meetings virtual reality glasses to Train managers reporting on on workplace illness as well as injury little robots that pop up on your screen to ask you how you are psychotherapy through our mobile phone those things are being trialed right now they're just around the corner but here's the thing you're people don't need to throw loads of money of this what they want from you is your commitment that they can speak safely about mental health I said you all you all have the resources to do this look around you this is what mental health is it's not just the one in 103 we all have mental health all the time the hands up who'd like their employer to do more on mental health right as an employer all you need to do is give your people permission to speak safely and be prepared to listen thank you [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @lilahzlife [1 likes]: get it tom 🤏 diva💜
  2. @ChristopherMsibi-f9z [1 likes]: POWERFUL AND PRESENT INDEED ❤❤❤❤❤💯😍😇👑👌
  3. @fritzlange7934: Watched all of this. Feeling depressingly unenlightened at the end of it.
  4. @Tanu-b8l: Crazy how we ignore stress until it becomes burnout, If you actually track it, you start noticing patterns and there’s this feature called Streffie on Solh Wellness doing exactly that suggest you guy's must try once .
  5. @RelaxunoOfficial: This is what too much input does to the brain.
  6. @rosy2705: Listening to this as a Deputy Director…who has also left toxic workplaces and wants create the opposite culture! 😊
  7. @venkatk1968: I enjoy what I do at work and currently handling challenging assignments. But my manager and few others don’t understand my efforts and complexity which pisses me off
  8. @SMD24: Title wise and in a tragedy well all families including boyfriends, girlfriends, ancient folks do not understand how a workplace can be stressfull. Based on my first experience, it ain't easy to balance a relationship with or without consent in a situation. Not only that it aint easy to make the right friend because of political issues like I had one but from an obvious view she or he would not like my hateful sibling, my phd claire twin dad, a professor, or anyone well depending if the person represents a balance. As for my classmates, well no in a situation since she or he hasnt been exposed to nerds in a situation/age situation as well. Overall, peope dont understand why and how relationships are tiring in a situationship workplace. Lastly, its not fair that workplaces like airports, headquarter gas companies, healthcare, and high educational workplaces gets the perfectionist environment compared to throwaway jobs within a bad situational environment. When a workplace forms, hiring isnt easy in a situation regardless of the position because there is only 1 shot and then toxic forms within another tragedy in a workplace and its sad that all people are unaware of this situationship environment and retail gas stations well I dont know in a situation
  9. @20MaRk23: Thing is if you do speak up in a meeting about mental health your manager will know exactly who the next person to replace next is. And they'll make up a rubbish excuse to get rid of you.
  10. @nicolemabie2111: What I've noticed at my job is they're hiring more mentally ill people that do what they want and act how they want and the people that want to come to work and do their job are having to deal with these mentally ill situation for no more money no backup and you can't leave to go somewhere else because it's happening another jobs
  11. @manosrijan: mental health is most underrated domain in over all wellbeing globally
  12. @danzora: The best law firm in southern Cali ✨👌🏻
  13. @keyoormankodi4122: Maintaining good mental health at work is essential. Poor mental health at work can impact your work performance and the quality of your work.
  14. @britndayz: The more miserable you are the happier the ceo is!
  15. @Pascie: The modern workplace seems to think that stress means you're busy so is good, also if you can't cope with the corporate slaughtering of employees time and health then there is something wrong with you.
  16. @anthonynapier2887: "who sleeps in the same room as their device"

Bro, it wasn't the workplace 🤣
  17. @Milkyxin: Doing work on the toilet anyone? Lol
  18. @MaxStamp-e2v: The work place today is an extremely ''TOXIC'' place to be, 80% because of bad management,   :body-blue-raised-arms:
  19. @TruthVoices-h7r: it is a mental health
  20. @Kumari-f8m: Planet Ayurveda Calm Easy Capsule helps me handle daily stress with ease and confidence.

- How to Deal with Negative Emotions - Distress Tolerance: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Dr. Tracey Marks, a psychiatrist, and I make mental health education videos. I've talked about dialectical behavior therapy, or DBT, as the best treatment for borderline personality disorder. But there are modified forms of DBT that can be helpful for other conditions like bipolar disorder, anxiety, eating disorders, depression and post-traumatic stress disorder. Today I'm going to teach you one of the many techniques that's used with DBT to be able to manage your emotions. It's called distress tolerance. Distress tolerance is the skill of being able to accept the emotion that you're feeling without resorting to coping behaviors that make your situation and your overall condition worse. The top three categories of negative emotions are sadness, anger, and fear. And we all have different degrees of tolerance for these kinds of emotions. It's a normal reaction to wanna get rid of the negative emotions. But what you do to get rid of these emotions makes all the difference in what happens to the emotions. Let me explain. Suppose I lose my job. I'm going to be upset about that. It's not realistic to think that I can just take the news and say, "Oh, that's a shame, but I'm happy to be alive." That's unnatural. We're built to experience a wide spectrum of emotions, from happiness to sadness to anger to fear. You may say a person who's secure in themselves and in their faith has no reason to be fearful. But if a bear walks into the room and bares his teeth at me, I will wet my pants and run. Being afraid and wanting to run is an adaptive response for self-protection. So we're all wired to experience the full spectrum of emotions in response to both external and internal experiences. Internal experiences would be what you're thinking about in your head. How you tolerate and experience the different emotions is molded and shaped by your temperament, which is your nature, and your upbringing, which is how you were nurtured. I like to call your temperament your factory-installed reflex. It's basically what you were born with and is based on your genes. But you can be raised to believe that certain emotions like anger are bad and you should never show your anger. If you grow up believing this, then you're going to have serious issues dealing with and being or feeling angry. You may tell yourself that you're not angry, but your mind knows that you are, and the anger will show up as anxiety. Or unprocessed anger can show up as depression because that's more acceptable than demonstrating anger or even admitting that you're angry. So you have to be able to accept and handle the range of emotions that you experience. If you have trouble with that, then on an unconscious level you will find a way to manage that emotion. And here are some of the maladaptive or not so great ways that we try and escape the negative emotions when we can't accept them. Avoidance. This is avoiding situations or seeking reassurance from people. You can also make futile attempts to distract yourself from the emotion. Numbing. You can use alcohol and drugs to numb the feeling, or binge eating, or even over-sleeping so that you don't have to feel the pain. Another way to escape is to use self-harm, and this could be cutting or punching yourself or even pulling out your hair. Escaping the distressing emotion only works in the short term. What you do to escape it can cause more problems for you in the long term. So, what does it mean to tolerate the distressing emotion instead of escape it? It means you accept it, make room for it, sit with it, and let it pass on it's own time. There are several techniques within DBT to help you tolerate distress. Here is one that's based on the concept of mindfulness. I talk more about mindfulness in this video. The link will be in the corner and in the description. But in short, when you think mindfully, you focus on what's going on at the moment with acceptance and no judgment. It's just observation. And this is how you're going to treat your negative emotions. Here is a template for how you can think about them. Let's go back to my example of losing my job. I'm enraged because I think my company lied to me about keeping me around during the transition from one company to the next. And, to make matters worse, the job went to someone I trained. Now consciously I think, I'm so upset. But unconsciously, my real thoughts are, I hate my boss and I wanna beat him down to the ground. But with my upbringing, ladies don't think like that, and especially a Christian woman. That's evil to think such a thing. So I'm not consciously aware of my aggressive impulses, that's what a therapist would help me see, and instead I bury my anger in a pan a brownies and I pick out my eyebrows. Here's what I wanna do to process my rage, and this is a mindfulness exercise. Recognize and allow the emotion. This reflection is best made after I first hear the news that I'm being let go. I wanna deal with this early before I get to the pan of brownies. So I would say I'm feeling angry at Bob. In fact, I hate him. But I'm not bad because I have this feeling and I can allow myself to have it. I'm going to make space for it and I do not need to be afraid of it because I'm not going to take action against Bob. I can control myself. So I don't need to get rid of this feeling. So here I am, admitting to the worst possible emotion that I can have about this situation. I wanna assume that I'm gonna downplay it in my mind, so go ahead and blow it up and own it. I'm not just mad, I hate him. But there's no judgment here. It's just an emotion. That's it. I'm not going to act on it. I'm just gonna let it sit here with me. Next, you wanna watch the emotion. Let me watch this anger and hate and see what it does. While I'm watching it, I'm gonna call it what it is. Anger and rage. I don't have to get caught up in it. Where do I notice the emotion in my body? I notice it in my shoulders. I feel tense. But it's just an emotion, nothing more, nothing less. I am not my emotions. I simply watch my emotions. A good analogy is to think of the emotion as an ocean wave. I'm not gonna struggle and fight this wave, I'm gonna go with it and float with it, I may even ride this wave to the shore. The next step is to be present. You're gonna turn your attention to what you're doing now, what's in front of you, and there's two ways that you can do this. The first is to use your five senses. I'm going to notice what's going on with all my five senses. What can I feel? What can I touch? What do I hear? What do I see in front of me? What do I smell? What do I taste? Another way you can be present is to turn your attention to your breath. My breath is my anchor for the moment. I take note of how I inhale and how I exhale. What do you do when the emotion comes back? When the emotion returns, you say, that's okay, that's what emotions do. They come and they go. But I'm gonna watch it again. I'll let it sit here in the room with me, or I may float with it up and down again, just like the ocean wave. That's the exercise. You should write it down as a script and say it to yourself. I have a template for you in the description. These negative emotions do cause distress, but accepting this distress doesn't mean that you enjoy it nor does it mean that you try and fake like it doesn't matter to you. Accepting the emotion is about changing the way that you look at it. You see it for what it is, and in my case, rage, and then I change how I pay attention to it. It's like I'm detaching from the sting of the emotion because I'm simply observing it as one of many emotions that I can experience. So I don't have to fear that it's gonna consume me because I'm over here and it's over there. And how I pay attention to the emotion changes how it affects me. Give it a try. I have a template for this exercise in the description. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ScoobaSteve-f6t [1 likes]: Your doing gods work, made the video adhd friendly fun & exciting to keep me engaged with the video.  I believe I have adhd I’m very emotional over small things mostly anger & small bit sad. I tend to jump the gun, act on emotion & don’t think before I speak. I get annoyed even with loved ones when they chew loud or take too long to finish there story. Some say im rude or don’t consider there emotions. Im 29 years old barely realizing I have these issues because of girlfriend. She’s a pretty bartender & i have my moments. Thanks for reading my ted talk! With your help I can finally stop sabotaging my self. Thank you for helping with your amazing knowledge for those who don’t have resources to get said help!
  2. @jekylljekyllhyde821 [1 likes]: I really need to learn to repress stuff
It's stupid at this point, it's like I lash out over literally anything, despite never suppressing anything beforehand
If I tried this, like think the thing said in the video, I'd probably just end up crying
  3. @DavidBakasa-s6n [1 likes]: Is it normal to sort of want to feel anger fear sadness all the time because when you get happy you just end up feeling it anyway and then you regret why felt happy in the first place…idk if it makes sense
  4. @DavidBakasa-s6n [1 likes]: How can I ride a tsunami,that’s honestly what my feelings feel like
  5. @heedmydemands: Thank you for making this
  6. @juicy_mango_paradise: i love this channel. it's so helpful. thank you Dr. Tracey!!
  7. @aliciatorres91: Thank you ❤
  8. @Matthewmest: I can control myself (suspicious looks)😅
  9. @kentwaters5903: You have any advice for handling shame. I have wanted to unalive myself due to shame
  10. @najatarabia741: Anger is not welcomed in my family . It's  treated like a flaw. I hate it when I am angry but I am learning that anger is an emotion given to us for being human and feeling rage is not a shame , especially as a woman, it doesn't mean you are less feminine or whatever bs , I am human and I can feel anger like happiness, excitement and love. Thanks for the video
  11. @lizrich_von_schwartzman: Emotions don't come and go. Whatever is being said is a contradiction as to how every different human thinks or feels. I understand her perfectly, but I don't understand how we are suddenly supposed to wake up and be like "ohh, its a sunny day. Im soo happy!"
I have adhd and other stuff. That's very difficult and impossible. I've tried doing it for 3 years, with no positive results but making me become way worse because I just don't understand how you expect me to breathe CO² when all I've been breathing is O². I just don't understand.
  12. @RichiWheeler-g8e: how come the two councelors i had gave no info like this?
  13. @Fabulousviccen: The look she gave after she said “I can control myself” 😂
  14. @justcommenting241: she seems so tough that when she said she would wet her pants if she saw a bear, it made me extra giggle.
  15. @chelseal654: That was really helpful ❤
  16. @SaraKin123: Thank you ✨️🫂✨️
  17. @kekesassycutie3936: ❤
Amen 🙏🏽 
Thanku Jesus 
Thanku GOD
Thanku LORD 
&
Thanku ….👉🏽DR.Tracey
  18. @Lalelu1-z6p: 5:15
  19. @mariapaulinayepez4524: Wao Dr!!! Finally someone that explains clearly how to make room to our emotions mindfully.  I just drop my jaw with " I can feel it, I can control myself" .  Thank you Dr.
  20. @JoostBats: I’ve been using EQmeditation to grow my emotional intelligence through meditation, and it really helped.

- Fight, Flight, Freeze, Fawn: Understanding Your Stress Responses: Kind: captions Language: en - Hey, everybody. Today we're gonna talk about our stress response, otherwise known as fight, flight, freeze, and fawn. Now, I know you're probably wondering what freeze and fawn are and why we don't hear about them as often. Well, that's what we are going to dig into today, so stay tuned. Let's start out by explaining what our stress response is. Now, whenever our nervous system believes that we are threatened either physically or emotionally, and it actually doesn't matter if we are truly at risk or not, we just have to believe that we are. Like if we think someone could attack us, or if the situation at hand seems to be requiring more resources than we have, we can be pushed into fight, flight, freeze, or fawn. Now, being pushed into this state causes our amygdala, what I call the fire alarm in our brain, and our entire limbic system to sound this alarm. This change in our brain focuses our body on survival. And in order to do that, it takes the planning and more organized part of our brain, otherwise known as our prefrontal cortex, completely offline. Now, this can cause us to feel on edge, act impulsively, and even feel overwhelmed emotionally. It's supposed to be short-lived in order to save us from that perceived threat and then go away. But for many of us, it can last for much, much longer. I wanna take a quick minute to thank the sponsor of today's video, Skillshare. Skillshare is an online learning community with thousands of inspiring classes for creative and curious people like you. You can explore new skills, develop existing interests, and get lost in creativity. You can hop into the Skillshare app or go to skillshare.com and look up whatever it is you're interested in. Now, I originally went to Skillshare to get some pointers on how to be more productive, but I ended up falling in love with Jonathan Van Ness' class, The Ultimate Self-Care Playbook. He encourages you to create a self-care planner to ensure that we make time for ourselves, and even talks about building mastery, but not, you know, like myself as a therapist would. He just shares how important it is to try new things or to get back into things that you used to love doing and get better at them. If this is something you'd be interested in, I got a link in the description down below that will give the first 1,000 people a free trial of Skillshare premium membership. And after that, it's only around $10 a month. Thank you so much to Skillshare for supporting the creation of mental health content. And now it's fight, flight, freeze, and fawn time. First, let's jump into the fight response because it's fairly simple. When our brain perceives a threat to its safety and it assesses the threat and it decides that we are much bigger and stronger than the threat, then it will tell us to fight back. And this could be us pushing someone down, or running at the threat, or even yelling at someone loudly to get them to leave us alone. And a funny example of someone using their fight response happened when I was in middle school. So a boy that I went to school with came to school one day with a black eye. And I guess he had watched an episode of "America's Funniest Home Videos." Anybody remember that? I used to love that show as a kid. It was something like that anyway. And I guess he saw someone scare their friend so much so that they screamed (softly screams) and they fell backwards. He thought that was really funny, so he decided to try this out on his older brother. And so he went home and he hid behind his older brother's bedroom door. Well, when he jumped out to say boo and scare his brother, instead of his brother screaming, falling down backwards, he punched him in the face, giving him a black eye. It was, you know, a little rough, but his brother didn't go into flight, freeze, or fawn. He went straight into fight. In short, when we are threatened in this situation, we fight back. Which moves us easily into flight, which is when we assess the perceived threat to our safety and decide it's best that we run away as quickly as possible. This usually happens when we are young or weaker or just smaller than whatever the potential threat is and we see an easy way out. We turn on our heels and we get the hell out of there. A personal example of this would be my intense fear of the dark as a kid and kind of still as an adult. I don't love it. And even though our house growing up was pretty small, when you turned out the hallway light, there was no other switch. You had to run all the way to the other end to get either to the bathroom or my bedroom. And I know this doesn't make any logical sense, but I swore to God that some boogeyman was hiding the darkness. Like as soon as I hit that light and turned them off, I would sprint full board down the hallway and either get into the bathroom or in my bedroom with the lights on, obviously. And then I'd shut the door, completely out of breath. So ridiculous. But we later put a nightlight in the hallway probably 'cause my mom saw me doing this, you know, so that helped. But that perceived threat of a boogeyman, right, it doesn't matter if it's an actual threat, it's the perceived threat, caused me to run away from it as quickly as possible by going into my flight response. The final two stress responses aren't talked about as often, so feel free to let me know in the comments if something isn't clear or you wanna add your own thoughts and experiences with them. And with that, let's move into freeze. Now, freeze happens when fight and flight are assessed and not seen as viable options. This can happen when we are children and an adult is hurting us, or when we're in a car crash and not in control of either vehicle. When fighting would be futile or possibly cause us more harm and fleeing isn't available, we do the only thing we can, we freeze. And sometimes people will call this like playing possum or playing dead, and it happens because the only option we have to try and lessen our pain is to completely freeze altogether. Now, Dr. Peter Levine, the psychologist and creator of Somatic Experiencing therapy, believes that PTSD is born out of our freeze response because freeze is a helpless and hopeless experience. And there is this woman that I follow on Instagram. Her name is Jacey Duprie. And one day, it was a few years ago, it was like pre-COVID times, she got on her stories to share how much she hated being home alone and really struggled with feeling safe when her husband was out of town. And he was on like, I think a boys' weekend at the time or something like that. And so she always tries to get family and friends to stay with her in his absence. She'd even like fly friends in. It was really crazy, you guys. And so I was so shocked. Here was this 35-year-old woman who couldn't sleep at home alone. (imitates explosion) What? She continued to share that it was due to the fact, and get this, it's so crazy, you guys, that when she was a young girl, I think she was like 10 or 11 years old, she was left home alone. And when she was home alone, someone broke into their house to rob them. She hid in the shower of her parents' bathroom, like in the farthest back part of the house, being as quiet as she could, she talked about holding her breath as long as she could, and waited until she was sure they were gone. She said she didn't know what else to do because she couldn't get out of the house. By the time she realized someone was in there, that were already in there. And she couldn't fight back. She was like 10 or 11 years old and they were older, bigger, and she didn't know if they had guns or not. This freezing that she did in that shower for over an hour is still something she's working on in therapy, and just one example of how this freeze state can lead to PTSD. Finally, there is fawn, which is probably the least discussed stress response because it relates almost exclusively to trauma, and more specifically complex trauma or C-PTSD. As you know, children need safe, loving, and supportive environments in order to develop a healthy sense of self and emotional intelligence. When we grow up in an abusive, emotionally neglectful, or controlling environment, we can cut ourselves off completely from how we feel, because how we feel is too painful and expressing that upset can get us into more trouble and end up causing us more harm. Therefore, some children push their own wants and needs down and prioritize their parents' emotional state as a way to hopefully prevent future abuse. Now, this focus on pleasing others at the cost of our own wellbeing is what is known as the fawn response. We fawn over others in our life as a way of trying to control their behavior. We can believe that if we just do everything right and say the right things, we'll make them happy and they won't hurt us anymore. Now, this stress response can follow us into adulthood and we can continue to struggle with people-pleasing behavior and prefer to focus on someone else's emotional state rather than our own. Now, one of my past patients was horribly abused for years by her narcissistic father, and she would often tell me how she always felt like she was walking on eggshells, not knowing what was gonna set him off again and always doing her best to make sure she said and did everything just so, so that she wouldn't continue to get hurt. And she also told me that from a young age, she learned not to cry or whimper when he was abusing her, because that would only make it last longer. Now, this disconnection from ourselves and our emotional response in order to please or prioritize someone else is fawning. And it can cause us to turn our anger, pain, and upset inward because really it has no other place to go, which can lead to things like depression, self-injurious behavior, anxiety, right, walking on eggshells, PTSD, eating disorder behavior, and so much more. If you are struggling with any symptoms of PTSD as a result of your stress response, please reach out to a therapist in your area, preferably one, who's a trauma specialist or the very least trauma-informed, meaning they know something about trauma. And if you wanna learn more about trauma, how it can feel, how we diagnose it, and how you can heal from it, check out my new book, "Traumatized." It's available now, and you can click the link in the description to order yours today. Thank you so much for watching and thank you again to Skillshare for sponsoring this video. I'll see you all next time. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @galegreyson4196 [239 likes]: Thank you for this video. I hadn’t heard of the “Fawn” stress response. Great explanation. Also, I bought your book, and i am enjoying it; it’s a very readable style.
  2. @Callummullans [2 likes]: Mental fortitude is a stress response, it is stress tested and formed in such conditions. I myself have dealt with the involuntary rush of adrenaline, your vision changes, your perception changes to different cues, your muscles become like sinew but we still have a choice, a decision and a resolve.
  3. @Lily-_-14-a: i am in fawn responce..i dont no how to cry anymore..i dont trust my parents with my situation and uh theyre just not good with emotions they disregard them instead of listening..they think its simple A bcs im a young person and i "wouldnt know what an abusive family could do" and i saw that my friends were traumatised i was there virtually didnt see it but...um the abuser got into my friends phone and talked directly to me and another friend one time...thats enough to send me into fawn mode i didnt know what to do so if i could sum up the things i went through i would say this (note i never saw anything my friends told me and yes i witnessed through theyre description)
-witnessed my friends getting shot 
-they got abused by strangers...and parents..
-multiple hospital visits
-two of them died..one was one of the victims from all of the above and one was a caretaker for another one of the victims
-i have guilt for not choosing somwthing that could have saved them yes..if i had enough time to just say no according to my situation i couldve saved one or both of them..if i listened to God in the first place i couldve have help in this..now im alone trying to keep my last remaining friend safe i know i need help idk where to get that help without money from my parents cuz theyd..theyd take that friend away..can someone pls tell me a site or something like that that i could just let it out? if not itd be helpful if you could tell me a tip for letting it out without the fawn responce
  4. @ZRO_Tonyy: Thank you for this video, I recently got past a very severe burnout / depression episode and I am now finally starting to understand what happened thanks to resources like this video
  5. @anaisefrancoisalvenat6779: What about when you are driving?
  6. @Bus-Diver: I love how personal you are when you explain these stress responses. 😅
  7. @tegdirb11: Thank you to define the difference btwn freeze and fawn. The other day I met a friend who i haven't seen in 6 months. This is a usual occurrence as we live in different countries and a tourist visa allows only so much time. I met them the day they arrived. We took a walk and caught up on our lives. We shared, but they talked non stop, to the point of them noticing and saying, "wow, I can go on and on." I respond, "oh yes you can," we both laugh because we both understand. Then they say, "let's hang out all the time!" I freeze, they see and say, "I'm just kidding!" I say, "yeah, not gonna happen. You know me. I need my space," we laugh in understanding, say goodnight, and see you soon. After departure, i noticedhow drained i feel. Mental exhaustion from all the talking. The next day, a text from them asking to meet up that evening. I frooze. Everything in me said no to being a fawn, as I've done many times before... to please them.  I still have not responded, but feel compelled to and know why. Being raised by a controlling mother and passive-aggressive father has conditioned me to do right by and for them because if I do, then they're happy and if they're happy, they'll  accept and love me. Fuck that. Educate yourself on personality disorders/conditions. For the past 5 years, I have dedicated my time in this study and research. I have learned so much about myself and the role I took on and allowed because of how I was raised. Meeting this friend again, and what transpired, was a trigger... another test. I feel compelled to explain, as I've always done to make it right... to fix it. But if I do, then the cycle will eventually continue. Thank you. By writing this, answers my own question on how to proceed.
  8. @ravensthatflywiththenightm7319: 6 September 2025 - just discovered your channel. Subscribed.
  9. @remnant1018: Why isn’t the fawn response mentioned more?
  10. @remnant1018: Thank you for posting this. I recently heard of “freeze” and “fawn”. Freeze seemed clear enough. Fawn not so much. Baby deer? To meltingly adore somebody? Something was telling me to find out what it meant. Now I know. Now I have the word for my reaction. Fawning. I’m gonna buy the book.
  11. @johan96149: You left out the need to CONTROL others. Variation of "fawn"? Central to the world's problems.
  12. @kylasanchez: Im no longer betraying myself by fawning
  13. @JordiCalcos: I feel like there is a different between fear response and stress response at least from my understanding…though my knowledge is more from anthropology than psychology and thus more from the animal kingdom from my understanding there is another response that you seemed to group with freezing which we called flocking this is where an animal will quickly gather or flock together when faced with danger as a form of finding comfort and safety in numbers while freezing is more of a strategy used by animals with camouflage techniques basically hoping that the predator didn’t see or notice them…this could also be seen as the opposite as fighting where you make yourself big in the animal kingdom freezing often is about making yourself small….I will say fauning seems to be more of a human specific response and relies more on emotions and communication…I also say fear and trauma response are different since to me a fear response is a response to a short term thing usually a singular event and people often naturally use one more than the others….trauma responses on the other had from what I understand of how you described them seems to be a long term passive/innate way in which we face problems and overall patterns of stresses we face
  14. @Fross-888: Begging must fall under freeze. Begging for your life. Common in people suffering from childhood abuse.
  15. @jenniferrathe6570: Don't blame me for saying get out of my face or I'll make you lose your job or they fire you.
  16. @pritibhattindia: I used to freeze...around my father.
  17. @michaelmuniz5172: Freeze can also show up as letting something happen and reacting in such a way as to not upset your fear stressor. Being a woman and having someone touch you that causes fear you may laugh it off or play along until you can escape. It’s not always what people think. It’s not because you like the person. It’s because you are scared. Get it???
  18. @michaelmuniz5172: Fawn is very misunderstood. So educate yourself.
  19. @smrititikoo: Hi katy i came to this video to understand these terms used better but my question to you is how do you find the right trauma therapist to heal oneself from such issues as well any other issues which might be impacting one's productivity post recovering from a loss of a dear parent and childhood trauma in specific . I ask this because i have tried a lot of therapist and other than talk therapy their tools and exercises felt more like a school level exercise and i didnt find the relation or any positive impact on my productivity in the long term too hence please also suggest what to look for in a therapist especially for trauma combatting
  20. @AncaUni: Thank you 💖

- 8 Things That Lead To Emotional Exhaustion: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Hey, Psych2Goers and welcome back to our channel. Thank you so much for all the love that you've given us. Your ongoing support has helped us make psychology and mental health more accessible to everyone. As a quick disclaimer, this video is for educational purposes only and is not designed to self-diagnose signs or symptoms of emotional exhaustion. If you can relate to any of the signs in this video, we encourage you to speak to your doctor and seek medical advice if necessary. With that said, let's continue. Do you get overwhelmed by the stresses of life? Do you wind up feeling anxious when you get stressed out like this? Experiencing some daily stress and anxiety is normal, but over time, chronic stress can take a toll on your body. Emotional exhaustion is caused by a long period of excessive stress. Whether from personal stress at home or stress related to work or school. The American Psychological Association's, David Ballard, describes burnout as, "An extended period of time "where someone experiences exhaustion "and lack of interest in things "resulting in a decline in their performance." Emotional exhaustion will differ from person to person. And it's important to note that what might be stressful for one person may be more manageable for somebody else. If you've been dealing with burnout and emotional exhaustion, understanding what your triggers are, will help you manage them. Here are eight things that can lead to emotional exhaustion. Number one, high-pressure environments. Are you dealing with parents or teachers who have high expectations? Or perhaps you're working with a boss who is too demanding. Those with demanding parents, workplaces and school environments and those who work as police officers, nurses, social workers, and teachers may be more at risk for emotional exhaustion and burnout than others. For example, medical professors in the early stages of their career show higher indicators of emotional exhaustion and burnout risk. According to a 2014 study from the Netherlands, research shows that people with high performance demands and those who are preoccupied with thoughts about work and school during leisure time are more at risk of emotional exhaustion. Two, working and studying for long hours. How many hours do you work or study a day? Working and studying long hours may have some perks in terms of financial or intellectual gain, but that does not mean that it does not impact your emotional wellbeing. If you are overworking or over studying, you're sacrificing the quality time you could have with friends and family. You also miss out on your personal hobbies and time to relax. Not having a balance can tip you towards emotional exhaustion rather than maintaining a proper study life or work-life balance. Number three, financial stress or poverty. Are you often worried about having to pay for bills, housing, running a car, and groceries and food? These are all vital needed provisions and they often don't come cheap. If you worried about money, this can be a big factor that leads you to emotional exhaustion. This is especially true if you have to work longer hours or work an extra job to make ends meet. You might be stuck feeling that you have too few personal resources such as status, money or support. Number four, living with a chronic illness, medical condition, or injury. Dealing with illness or injury can be exhausting in and of itself, especially if it hinders your daily life and ability to function as you would like to. Some conditions can have a significant physical impact on you, which can cause emotional exhaustion, especially if it's hard to manage that condition or if you have little support. Number five, perfectionism. If you're someone who strives for perfectionism then you may experience emotional exhaustion and burnout in one or more areas of your life. Numerous studies have shown the perfectionism puts you at risk for burnout because of the extreme amount of pressure you put yourself under. You may be dealing with excessive stress by taking on more than you can comfortably manage. Number six, loneliness. Are you surrounded by people in your life, but you still feel lonely? Loneliness may increase feelings of emotional exhaustion because when you don't have many close relationships you don't have anyone to share your feelings with. Research suggests that fostering social relationships may help potentially less than the harmful effects of burnout by promoting resilience and a sense of greater wellbeing. Number seven, poor self-care. Do you get enough sleep at night? Do you exercise and eat healthily? If you struggle with your personal wellbeing and self care, this can also play a factor in emotional exhaustion. For example, some reasons search links insufficient sleep with a greater risk of burnout. Excessive use of alcohol or drug use may also increase this risk, especially if you use these instead of more constructive coping techniques. And number eight, significant life changes. Have you dealt with a breakup or divorce in your life or the death of a loved one? Significant life changes can throw you into a whirlwind of emotions and situations, some of which you may never have experienced before. You may turn to harmful coping strategies, such as drugs or alcohol to deal with your high levels of stress. Periods of excessive stress can cause emotional exhaustion. So looking out for some of the symptoms can help you take steps to improve them. Lifestyle changes in stress reduction methods can help. According to one research study, people who practice mindfulness report significantly less emotional exhaustion and more job satisfaction than those who do not use mindfulness techniques. Did you relate to any of the signs of emotional exhaustion? If you did, share your experience with us in the comments below. Please like and share this video if it helped you, and you think it could help someone else too. The studies and references used are listed in the description below. Don't forget to hit the subscribe button and notification by icon for more Psych2Go videos. Thanks for watching and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [757 likes]: Are you already feeling emotionally exhausted?
  2. @kalix-r1o3g: I need help please if there is someone who could help me or listen to me. I am genuinely depressed and things are not just going right :⁠-⁠(:⁠-⁠(
  3. @똥꼬다민27: I am alchohol alergy.I drank so much.
  4. @똥꼬다민27: 한국인이세요? 체널 이름에 한국이 들어가든데.......
  5. @ItrustinYouJesus: caregiver of schizoaffective bipolar type daughter and her pre k son while chronically fatigued with  fibromyalgia is like Groundhogs Day over and over.
  6. @Psychology-020: This video is truly eye-opening. It explains the causes of emotional exhaustion in a very simple and effective way. I personally related to many of the points mentioned. Informative videos like this are very helpful in understanding mental health and taking steps toward improving overall well-being.
  7. @idkgurl6666: Has anyone recovered from this??
  8. @pinkroses135: If you have to deal with someone that makes money management, washing clothes, purchasing an item, traveling somewhere etc a college level psychological exercise you will get exhausted. People with personality disorders are pros at that shit. Life is meant to be enjoyed not suffered through with stupid bullshit.
  9. @Jayhawkblue: Beautiful voice
  10. @MelB868: Today has been peaceful
  11. @yaminaboub-jo2lb: Balance
  12. @rithambhara1689: How to cope up with this? I knew I am experiencing emotional exhaustion for a long time and today it it confirmed. I feel sad that I m changed for the worse. My personality has experienced a lot of changes all these years. To anyone, who has cope with this, please guide.
  13. @Kyaku23Kun: I'm feeling tired of homeworks and exams😅
  14. @mr.arohaxor9027: Cook eggs?
  15. @mr.arohaxor9027: Do you take care of yourself enough to play videogames?
  16. @mr.arohaxor9027: Have you hit a brick wall?
  17. @mr.arohaxor9027: ...Is this something I should be yelling about?
  18. @mr.arohaxor9027: D:<
  19. @mr.arohaxor9027: Poor you.
  20. @mr.arohaxor9027: Are you failing miserably?

- How to Turn off the Fight/Flight/Freeze Response: Anxiety Skills #4: Kind: captions Language: en I'd like to do a quick introduction into grounding activities Being grounded means that you are in your body, you're feeling your emotions and you're aware of your present moment experience. It also means that you're feeling responsible for your safety and well-being. Grounding is an important therapeutic approach for managing anxiety, flashbacks, symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder and for improving your mental health. Grounding strengthens your parasympathetic response this is your body's natural ability to return to calm. This parasympathetic response counteracts the fight, flight or freeze response. PTSD and other anxiety disorders are disordered in their essence because you're feeling like you're in danger when you're actually safe. So your body's having this danger response this fight flight freeze response when you're present moment experience is actually safe and that's one reason why they are disordered. Anxiety is often about worries about the future- what might happen. And depression is often about discouragement about the past. And both of these can be counteracted with an increase in our ability to be here in the present moment. Most of the time our present moment is a safe and secure environment if it's not we need to leave so we need to create a safe and secure environment in our present moment. But grounding activities help us activate that safe feeling in our brain by reminding ourselves that here in the present moment we are safe. When we're grounded and calm were able to work through emotions and memories in a healthy way. Our body has a natural ability to resolve trauma or to work through emotions, but when we're panicked or in our fight flight freeze danger response our brain shuts down those abilities because it thinks that our survival is at stake. We can train ourselves to trigger this calming response by practicing grounding activities. It's important to practice these exercises over and over again so that they become habitual and we can draw on them in moments of stress or anxiety. Many of the grounding activities that I'm going to teach you use your body as a way to create that sense of calm so these are physiological grounding skills. This is called a bottom-up approach bottom-up meaning we go from the body to the brain instead of from the brain to itself and this makes sense because most of us aren't able to think ourselves calm. Like if you're stressed out and you say "Don't be anxious! Don't be anxious!" that like never works we can never actually tell ourselves to calm down by just forcing it from the top down. That's partly because our brain, when it feels threatened, it reacts at a very animalistic level it's using this deep part of our brain in the limbic system and the brainstem to react impulsively or instinctively to danger. So this makes a lot of sense this is a really functional reaction. So if a tiger jumps out at you you're not going to be using your thinking part of your brain to be like "Hmm I wonder what I should do with this?" your body's gonna naturally and instinctively gonna run away. So it's gonna have this physiological reaction this fight flight freeze response. It turns up your heart rate and it turns up your breathing rate. Since we can't access those deeper survival parts of our brain with our thoughts the best way to access that calm is through our body. So this is called a bottom-up approach to grounding. Our five senses anchor us to our body and our surroundings. Using this bottom-up approach is a much more effective way to treat anxiety and stress than trying to simply change how we think. And by creating that physiological calm we're able to lay the foundation for future cognitive work. Many of these activities focus on our breathing and that's because our breathing is something that happens both automatically and we have some degree of control over so that can help trigger that change in the limbic system that we need to create that physiological calm. Grounding exercises help connect us to our body and help us reassert that sense of self control and they reorient us to the safe context that we're actually in in the present moment. One of the ways that we gain confidence in our ability to use these grounding exercises is by doing a check-in before and after the exercise and one way to do that is to do a quick scale. So before you do a grounding exercise scale your anxiety on a scale from zero to ten and then do your grounding activity and then just check in with yourself again afterwards and put yourself again on the scale from zero to ten. Now it's not necessary for you to decrease your anxiety every time. Sometimes a grounding activity is just about increasing your awareness and your contact with the present moment. But if you do these consistently you will notice a gradual pattern of decreasing your anxiety little by little. We need to be able to notice these small victories because they can add up to large gains over time. Another way you can look at the effects of these grounding activities is to ask yourself these questions before and after: What are you noticing in your body? What are you noticing with your breath? What's happening with your feelings? What's happening with your heart? and What's happening with your thoughts? During these grounding activities if at any point you need to take a break that's okay you can just pause the activity and then come back to it later. When you're initially learning these grounding exercises the best way to practice is when you're in a place that's quiet peaceful and calm. Don't wait until you're stressed out or in a chaotic environment to try them. And again it's important to practice these activities every day for a few weeks before trying to practice them in a stressful environment. The more you practice them the more habitual and instinctual they'll become and you can actually train yourself to calm your body down with just a thought or a word. As you get better and better at grounding you'll increase your confidence and ability to create that physiological calm even when you're in a stressful situation and you can gradually use your skills in more and more difficult situations to maintain that sense of calm that we all need to feel safe and happy. Over the next couple of months I'm making a bunch of grounding videos I hope they're helpful for you. Take time to practice them and please like, comment and subscribe. Thanks for watching and take care!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Randi-m1k8g [846 likes]: This is the channel I have been looking for. A well explained straight to the point exercise on decreasing anxiety. Great job! 

I'm practicing this for myself. As I can almost never behave in a social environment, and miss so many great opportunities.
  2. @Baha-Italia-GoddessBMW: Thank you. Your voice is also very calming just watching this is extremely grounding and helpful. Thank you.
  3. @jasonrios3120: My digestion tanks, severe constipation, bloating, water retention etc
  4. @kimberlyclayton4985: What if your brain is damaged
  5. @lucia3105: Histamine intolerance can trigger anxiety and panic attacks, as well as depression. I can attest to this from personal experience.
  6. @ImLLumino: ❤
  7. @lauriemtz8616: I’m already feeling stressed exhausted frustrated and discouraged. I was down on my knees crying to god because I feel so scared and shaky and there’s nothing to be afraid of. 😢
  8. @FurqanSadeeq-o8j: Hi everyone, I hope you all are doing well. I’m 23 years old living in Malaysia for the past 3 years. For the last 7 months, I’ve been feeling continuous heat in my body. Whenever I do any physical activity, the heat becomes worse, especially on my face and ears. I do not have fever; only air conditioning helps.

I have seen doctors more than 20 times and all my tests are normal:
	•	Thyroid: Normal
	•	Kidney function: Normal
	•	Lungs: Normal
	•	No diabetes
	•	No HIV
	•	No TB

The only issues found are:
	•	Slightly high cholesterol
	•	H. pylori infection
	•	Iron deficiency (ferritin 7)
	•	Vitamin D deficiency

I have completed 1 month of treatment and now I am taking multivitamins, but the symptoms are still the same.
I’m sharing here in case anyone has experienced something similar or knows what might help.
  9. @Gail-u3y: Would this help with chronic pain
  10. @Derpy_19: I'm here because I searched for a  video that would help me stop shaking like crazy when I play overwatch I started a year ago but couldnt play much because when I play (even a bit just  when I think of opening the game to play it) I'm super high on cortisol or something I start feeling super cold, the sides of my torso and hands start shaking from cold. I'm trying to reduce it for past few days and I think being in the present of your environment does help. Just wanted to share my weird situation.
  11. @SatwindersinghSaati-o9n: Please tell me that fight or flight mode and freeze mode are same if I treat freeze mode then fight or flight mode will increase
  12. @ashachetry6798: Does a person get amygdala hijeck in movement of hand sometime during fear
  13. @Jack-SecITGuy: Where's the actual technic? You described everythjng about grounding without actually hiw to do the exercise, did I miss it?
  14. @Nothingnothingnothing77: So what if we just take away the past and the future? Will we stuck in the present forever?
  15. @SusanJohnston: My friend’s daughter was attacked several years ago. She now has mental illness and such fight/flight that it’s unsafe. She’s on medication shot but sometimes doesn’t work for several days or stops working. She has jumped out of passenger side of car on highway and gets lost when she is driving. She’s better but has moments of agitation and aggression that is scary sometimes. She’s in her 20’s and is involved in a Christian Bible study group but they are older ( like her mom’s age). She has no Christian friends who can relate or just be friends. Can these exercises help her?❤❤❤
  16. @RussellWorkman: 7 years ago ? Really Lady ? > & YouTube ?
  17. @natzh-b4095: I have anxiety in the past but not as bad as what I have experienced over the last 3 months or so. Sometimes for no apparent reason or when I am under even a small amount of pressure, like responding to something urgent I need to do at work or even driving somewhere I need to be I feel this intense feeling, the best way to describe it is a really intense feeling of nervousness, it’s so strong I worry that I can’t cope or even even live with it. I don’t as far as I know get the other symptoms other than maybe some tightness of my chest and where I need to breathe more deeply because my breathing is shallower. I presume it’s my fight or flight response. I think it gradually came on due to worry and stress of illness of family. It comes and goes, but it normally comes back every day. My family members are ok now, does anyone know how long this overreactive fight or flight response can last for?
  18. @chrissanguedolce3338: Anyone else only focused on the dirty lamp??
  19. @mick0978: Im not generally an anxious person,  but I developed an issue the seemed to cement a flight or flight response that kicks in when I wake up. It was a result of something stressful at the the time that fed of the back of a fear. Although that hasn't been an issue for a couple of years Ive still got an automatic response that kicks in or my brain, even though tired and calm it kicks in as if being in my bed is dangerous and the slighted noise during the night from the neighbours and it kicks in. Im lying here calmly breathing, nothing wrong and my heart is pounding in my chest. So I get up, go into another room and meditate until tired, go into my bed relaxed and sleepy and before I know it my hearts pounding in my chest again which means i usually only get about 4 to 5 hours sleep most nights for the past few years. If I try and take anything that knocks me out my wake drive while fight it with a vengeance. It's a strange situation to say the least. 

I had a good few sleep issues before that with 5 years of a heavy oud broken security door next to my flat so some history of loud sudden noises stopping me from switching off so its likely fed off of that because I felt like I was sleeping like a prey animal as my brain was hyper vigalent in case the door  suddenly slammed shut with someone coming in or out the close at night
  20. @MrTmac2023: without going to far into depth in a youtube comment section. i feel like my body has been stuck in fight or flight for almost a decade.  these videos are the first step im taking to look into it further, NATURALLY.
Thank you for these types of videos specifically.

- Accidents That Changed The World Of Aviation | Mega Marathon | FULL EPISODES | Mayday: Air Disaster: Kind: captions Language: en the Boeing 737 is one of the most popular passenger jets in the [Music] world around the globe the plane has carried more than 12 billion passengers it's the backbone of the aviation industry but in 1991 something happened on board a 737 that sent shutters through the world of Aviation oh my Lord a deadly crash has investigators scrambling there was a time when I I had doubts that we'd be able to solve it it was like he was tracking a serial killer The Hunt For answers will take 10 long and gruelling years the fate of the airline industry hangs in the balance and the Mystery isn't solv until more than 150 people are dead 9:40 a.m. March the 3rd 1991 after a short 17-minute trip from Denver United Airlines flight 585 is on Final Approach into Colorado Springs it looks like a perfect day for flying but there's trouble in the air nice looking day hard to believe the skies are unfriendly there's been heavy turbulence during the flight and violent gusts of wind are forecast over Colorado Springs never driven to Colorado Springs and not gotten sick at the controls is 52-year-old Captain Harold green a pilot with 20 years experience and a sterling reputation Green's co-pilot is Patricia idon at 42 she's one of the first female flight officers in United's history flight attendants prepare for landing at Colorado Springs Municipal Airport air traffic controller James Rayfield is ready to bring flight 5 585 in United 585 report the airport in sight got it yep airport sight United 585 lower landing gear United 585 is cleared for a visual approach to Runway 35 weather conditions wind 320° at 16 gusting to 29 as its speed decreases flight 585 becomes more vul able to the turbulence idon wants to know what other planes have experienced on landing and reports lately of any loss or gain of air speed yes ma'am 500 ft a 50 knot loss at 400 ft a 50 knot gain and at 150 ft a gain of 20 knots sounds adventurous thank you starting on down Less Than 3 kilm from the airport retired policeman Harold Darnell is on his way to a local flea market a kilometer overhead green and idon focus on keeping their speed constant as they descend wait a t not change here yeah I know awful lot of power to hold that air speed as United 585 approaches the runway Darnell feels something Str range oh what the heck was that out of nowhere a powerful gust of wind strikes his vehicle almost blowing him off the road another 10ar game three flaps from the control tower James Rayfield can now see flight 585s Final Approach as the aircraft closes in on the airport the ride gets even bumpy yeah wellow we 1,000 ft then without warning the 737 starts to spin out of control oh [Applause] God 15 CL 15 oh my God God oh my Lord crash crash rescue workers are arrive within minutes but there's almost no sign of the 737 the shattered remains of the 38 ton jet lie buried in a fire blackened impact crater the plane didn't it didn't skate or bounce you know like like when a plane comes in normally and lands it just knows right in and where it hits where it stayed and I came down here and this is when I saw all of the it was horrible there no survivors all 20 passengers and five crew members are killed instantly by the highspeed impact and exploding jet fuel in 10 violent seconds Colorado Springs has become the sight of one of the most mysterious air crashes in aviation history by Nightfall investigators from the national Transportation safety board descend on Colorado Springs known to insiders as tin kickers NTSB and investigators examine over 2,000 Aviation accidents a year at times by picking through the metal debris of Fallen aircraft while coroners Mark the location of human remains in red NTSB investigators Mark scraps of metal in yellow looking for Clues to help them solve the mystery of Flight 585 like investigating a mass murder it's a tough job walking onto a crash site among the investigators assigned to the case is Malcolm brener a specialist in human performance his job will be to find out if the crash was caused by Pilot error the area was cordoned off by police and uh there were uh Salvation Army trucks I got a cup of coffee a cup of hot chocolate or something and I thanked them for it and they said no no thank you and they had this look in their eyes like my God you have to go into this site Clues to the fate of United 585 lie mangled in a deep black hole the fuselage is crushed like an accordion in the impact crater the rest of the plane is in pieces spread over an area smaller than a football field there was a lot of fire damage it had been a fire afterwards and it was all contained in a relatively small area which uh just initial impression it can be a sign that the airplane was intact uh if there was a midair explosion or something came off the airplane you'd expect that to be uh a much larger site my first sense that it was going to take some time in to investigate the accident was was the damage that we saw in the parts when they're burnt and broken uh the process always takes longer but with their work just beginning members of the NTSB have no clue that the case of United 585 will become the longest crash investigation in aviation history a clear late winter day in 1991 turned deadly in just 10 short seconds moments from Landing in Colorado Springs United Airlines flight 585 fell out of the sky at 370 km hour crash crash all 20 passengers and five crew members died the national Transportation safety board begins a painstaking investigation into the crash engine turbines hydraulic pressure gauges the cockpit voice recorder and inflight data recorder are all carefully extracted from the site photographed and sent to the lab for analysis an important first step in the investigation is the analysis of the cockpit voice recorder with pilot error a factor in 70% of air disasters Malcolm brena's job is to see what role Pilots green and idon played in the crash this crew was and I felt this at the time was one of the more impressive Crews I'd ever were dealt with there was a little bit of of tension release a little bit of humor the captain said never driven to Colorado Springs and not gotten sick the first officer suggested that they add extra speed as a safety margin the captain agreed with it it was good interaction got it yep airport in sight United 585 lower landing gear this is a sense of a of an an excellent crew caught randomly if anything so again that was my first impression is that this would be consistent more with a hardware situation as more about flight 585 becomes known mechanical failure becomes a serious suspect just seconds before it crashed the plane rolled onto its back and spun wildly out of control investigators wonder if the sudden motion was caused by the the plane losing an engine or a wing from the state of the aircraft on site it's clear that it was intact at the time of the crash what investigators don't know is if the engines were still working at impact technicians examined the engine turbines they discover Dirt has been drawn deeply into every C these blades were clearly spinning and sucking in air at the time of impact the engines may have been running but technicians aren't sure how well the plane's hydraulic pressure dials are destroyed their glass covers broken the indicator needles have been snapped off by the force of the impact but even these ravage dials tell a tale 15 FL 15 on close inspection investigators find a critical Mark at the moment of impact a dent was made on the face plate by the jard indicator needle it proves that when United 585 crashed its engines were running normally with engine failure ruled out there seems to be only one other mechanical explanation for why 585 suddenly rolled over and then fell out of the sky it appears increasingly likely that the plane had suffered a catastrophic problem with its flight controls investigators quickly become suspicious of the rudder at the back of the tail we focused in after eliminating uh other flight control surfaces that we thought could contribute to the role uh we started looking at the rudder bring that up so I can take a look at it investigators begin their examination of the rudder on site but the violence of the crash makes the job extremely difficult almost nothing left most of the planes parts are too crushed or burned for testing but a vital component is still reasonably intact the power control unit or PCU used constantly during flight especially during Landings The PCU performs like a car's power steering when the pilot pushes on a Rudder pedal the PCU uses hydraulic fluid to convert gentle movements of a pilot's foot into the pressure needed to move the 737s enormous Rudder the heart of the PCU is something called the Dual Servo valve shaped like a soda can it has two slides which Glide past one of another directing the flow of pressurized hydraulic fluid that moves the rudder this Sero valve is is very unique that it is in effect two valves in one and that that creates a whole range of interactions that don't occur in a in a more conventional hydraulic valve when a technician opens the power control unit chips of metal are found floating in the hydraulic fluid it's a disturbing find these particles could cause the servo valve to jam making it impossible to work the plane's Rudder it's a chilling Prospect could a microscopic fault bring down a 38 ton jet it's difficult for Phillips to tell while more intact than much of the wreck the PCU and dual Servo valve are both damaged the airplane crashed and burnt in a pretty confined area and there was a lot of damage to the flight control components and the things we were testing and needed to test and look look at and the more damaged the components are the harder it is to toh take measurements and do functional testing to test what he does have Phillips travels to California to the labs of Parker hanifen where the rudder control unit is made the Curious metal chips floating in the PC used Chambers are dismissed Phillips is told that filters keep them out of the delicate Servo valve that directs fluid and moves the rudder nothing else is found that could explain any sudden movement of the rudder on flight 585 we didn't have any absolute indication or information that we could point to that said the rudder power control unit the servo valve or any any part of that flight control system caused that accident Phillips still suspects a mechanical problem but with no conclusive evidence that the PCU or Servo valve caused the crash he's forced to sign off on the tests it's a pass with Phillips at a dead end only bad Mountain weather remains as a primary suspect an expert on weather related Aviation accidents Greg salao is trying to determine if heavy winds on the day of the crash were a factor there is a there's a history of of events where there have been airplane accidents attributed to Mountain waves eroders in 1966 a boac 707 near Mount Fuji uh disintegrated in a Mountain Wave en rotor high winds crashing over mountain peaks leave so-called wind rotors in the Le side invisible highly turbulent downdrafts that come plunging down with devastating power and are extremely dangerous to aircraft we found a great deal of evidence uh looking at the surface upper air data and talking to Witnesses in the area that rors were a possibility an explosion was right over there Salo here several eyewitness reports of bizarre Mountain weather on the day of the crash one of the most intriguing is from Harold Darnell oh what the heck was that whose truck was struck by a powerful gust of wind just moments before 585 crashed but as Greg salota Combs through his evidence the theory that a wind rotor knocked the plane from the sky is getting less and less likely nice looking day you hard to believe the skies are unfriendly wind rotors are areas of extremely low barometric pressure so if flight 585 did pass through one its altimeter reading would have spiked as the plane was blown suddenly upwards there was no evidence uh that we saw that on the flight data recorder of of 5 85 what the flight recorder did show was a fast and deadly drop in altitude as the plane fell to Earth it's been 21 months since the investigation into the crash of United flight 585 began almost 2 years in which the NTSB has studied the crew the weather the rudder and thousands of other pieces of evidence they've come up empty-handed for only the fourth time in its history the NTSB releases a report which doesn't reach a conclusion the cause of the crash of Flight 585 is undetermined we had put a lot of time and effort in into the investigation and we just weren't sure what had happened it was like he was tracking a serial killer he was frustrated that they had not solved 585 he did not want that to happen again but almost 2 years after the report on 585 is released the killer strikes again at 700 p.m. on a clear windless day us airflight 427 is nearing Pittsburgh Captain Peter Jano and first officer Chuck EMT are getting ready for their Final Approach folks from the flat deck we should be on the ground about 10 more minutes sunny skies a little hazy flat attendants please prepare for landing I ask you to check the security of your seat belt thank you us era 309 descend and maintain 6,000 as they close in on the airport the pilots are on the lookout for another flight about 10 km M ahead of them looking for the traffic turning 1 0 US Air 427 I see jet stream as they pass through the turbulence left behind by the other flight their jet suddenly and alarmingly rolls left hold on hold on hold on shoot nothing the pilots do seems to have any effect what the hell is this what the H shoot oh God oh God 427 emergency oh shoot oh God oh God no rescue crews arrive quickly but the fate of flight 427 Is tragically clear there's no hope for the 132 passengers and crew the human Carnage is so bad authorities declare the crash site a biohazard us a427 accident was the first US accident where biohazard suits were used and it it made it more difficult they were uncomfortable they were hot and to this day when I put on a pair of rubber gloves for any reason I'm instantly transformed back to the site in Pittsburgh Captain John Cox a 737 pilot and a flight system specialist with the airline pilots Association is asked to join the team investigating the crash of Flight 427 as coroners attempt to collect human remains NTSB lead investigator Tom hter already knows his hunt for Clues will be long and painstaking when we first arrived at the crash site um well first of all there was no aircraft there there were only bits and pieces of the airplane it wasn't really recognizable as an airplane with the help of eyewitnesses information from the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder investigators begin to quickly see some striking similarities between 427 and the unsolved case of United 585 in fact they seem to be mirror images of each other on Final Approach United 585 rolls right while US Air 427 rolls to the left oh got hang on hang on both crews are caught by surprise and after just a few terrifying seconds both aircraft plummet straight into the ground certainly the whole team was aware of the previous accident with United 585 in Colorado Springs we try to keep that in the back of our minds and take a look at this one as to what presents to us as the investigation continues the list of similarities grows 427's engines were also attached and functioning at the time of impact but for all the similarities there's one important difference unlike United 585 as us a 427 approached Pittsburgh weather conditions were Dead Calm uh folks from the flat deck we minutes sunny skies a little hazy taking a look at the flight data recorder information the aircraft's approaching Pittsburgh it's an extremely smooth night um there's just no turbulence at all uh the pilots are relaxed they're talking about the landing flight attendants please prepare for landing seat belts thank you as he did in the case of United 585 Greg Phillips will once again lead the investigation into the mechanical aspects of the crash almost immediately he makes a promising Discovery miraculously much of US Air 427's tail and Rudder appear intact the hydraulic devices inside the tail have also sustained very little damage Phillips and hter prepare to send the parts to the manufacturer Parker hanifen for testing as soon as possible they need answers pressure on the NTSB to solve the accident is growing quickly not only are the crashes of flights 585 and 427 disturbingly similar both of them involve the same kind of airplane a Boeing 737 but with serious questions being raised about the plane's safety billions of dollars and perhaps the airline industry itself are at risk we couldn't live with the fact as investigators of having two unsolved 737 accidents the airplane is in too much use too wide of use around the world it carries too many people every day unsolved was not an acceptable answer if 427 was an undetermined accident we could not find to cause this accident there was a great chance that there was if there was a third AC with the 737 Fleet under similar circumstances that the 737 Fleet would have been grounded careful with it the investigation into the crash of Flight 427 may be the most important in the history of the NTSB but it won't be easy answers are still years away in just 3 years two Boeing 737s have crashed in the United States with no survivors unit 585 in both cases the planes were moments from Landing please prepare for landing and in both cases the planes were under full power but the pilots were unable to control their jets in the crash of United flight 585 NTSB investigators were unable to find a Cause now they're searching for Clues into the second crash US Air flight 427 as investigator in charge I never allowed myself to think this investigation could go undetermined just we kept on pushing and kept on researching as long as we had things to research we kept on going to find their killer the NTSB can't afford to rule anything out from the possibility that a collision with birds brought 427 down to strange even bizarre theories they looked at electromagnetic interference they got calls from people saying it might be Russian death ray they considered everything there were a couple of witnesses who gave reports of the aircraft suddenly descending and hovering before it blew up we discounted those but the investigation's primary suspect is the Dual Servo valve part of the power control unit that moves the 737 Rudder and a suspect in the crash of United 585 Parker hanifen made the valve at its lab in California investigators look inside the main cavity of the US Air power control unit just like in the earlier crash they find tiny chips of metal floating in the hydraulic fluid but once again Parker and Boeing repeat their claim filters designed to stop any debris from interfering with the delicate metal slides have done their job investigator Greg Phillips wants to be absolutely sure if the chips were blocking the slides they would have left tiny scratch marks behind where they rubbed against the metal but Phillips can't find any another pass okay Phillips has technicians put the servo valve from flight 427 through as many tests as he can think of trying to find a weakness if he can find one it could explain why two planes were ripped from the sky but he comes up empty that that unit passed all its operational test there wasn't any indication that it had failed and it it operated within the parameters we expected it to once again the investigators are forced to shift their focus back to the pilots by studying the plane's flight data recorder investigators know that the Jet's Rudder was deployed fully to one side what's called Rudder hardover we were definitely focused on a Rudder on on hard over Rudder uh full Rudder uh input for about 20 seconds it can be caused either by Hardware something unknown in the hardware or it can be caused by Pilot input first officer Chuck EMT who was flying 427 did indeed step down hard on his Rudder and then held it there while the plane plummeted towards the Earth it raised a Grizzly question was he trying to fly the plane into the ground and and looking at this and being a pilot myself was like this doesn't seem like rational Behavior what the hell is this Human Performance specialist Mal brener listens closely for evidence on the cockpit voice recorder what the sh in this case they had microphones right by their mouths and you can hear as well as in real life or better you can hear uh breathing sounds Yay see a jet stream the cockpit recordings indicate that flight 427's troubles began at the moment it flew through the jet wake of a Delta Airline 727 that had just passed in front of them both Pilots are startled by the wake I see a jet stream the first officer breaks off at the end of a sentence I I see the jet stream and there's no more discussion of the jet stream or anything else they both focused something happened here Captain says sheez it was such a smooth flight that it was momentary jolt that they just hadn't anticipated and with that the the pilots got on the controls and immediately you know put in a Rudder input the cockpit recorder even records the thumping sound of the jet stream turbulence as 427 flies through it as flight 427 encounters the turbulence Brena hears something unusual first officer EMT begins to grunt the grunting is unusual uh the controls are designed so that Pilots don't need to grunt they're especially designed around human capabilities so to have someone grunting is typically a sign of emergency by matching data from the flight recorder with the crew's voices brener is able to confirm that emt's grunts begin a split second after he pushed down on the rudder pedal and 3 to 4 seconds after the Wake turbulence affected flight 427 what the hell on their own the cockpit voice recordings prove very little but it seems clear that the crew weren't trying to crash their plane something happened which took them by surprise they reacted as quickly as they could but nothing they did seemed to help what the hell is this it's been almost 2 years since the crash of Flight 427 and the investigation has stalled now two 737s have gone down in startlingly similar ways and investigators still don't know why we were all frustrated as months wore into years what were we missing it definitely took a toll in their personal lives they worked incredibly long hours they never stopped thinking about it we were going up against an aircraft that had an incredible safety history it was really a everything you could see for 30 years this has been a great airplane um we were trying to prove that there was something wrong with the straight A student it clearly was on his mind he at one point had a nightmare about it where he dreamed that he was in front of a congressional committee that was grilling him on now there had been a third 737 crash and in Tom's dream all the cameras were pointing to him and a congressman asked why didn't you ground the fleet unsure of where to look next and with the trail of evidence getting colder investigators need a break in the case and fast east Wing 517 you're clear for landing on June the 9th 1996 they finally get the break they've been looking for Captain Brian Bishop is on Final Approach to Richmond Virginia when without warning his East Wind jet rolls sharply to the right we didn't know to what extent but we knew we had a problem with the rudder I turned the Yol the opposite direction stood on the opposite Rudder pedal but the pedal didn't move for me for over 30 seconds the 737 flies in a precarious right Bank as Bishop fights to keep it from rolling over then suddenly the unknown forces holding the jet let go snapping the wings back to horizontal in a matter of seconds uh it released itself went back to normal we had started the checklist almost before I could finish the sentence all of a sudden there was a just a Wham for a second time the 737 is pushed onto its side for 30 harrowing seconds the 737 takes on a life of its own then once again as quickly as it began the rollover stops after the second time I looked at the first officer and I said declare an emergency tell the controller we have FL problems as they slow down to land the risks increase if a third rollover occurs they won't have enough air speed to recover I I did at some point tell my first officer to look out the window and find a dark spot it was night time and we we were looking to avoid a neighborhood or a populated area and he very calmly uh responded that hey here's a spot over here but there is no third rollover Bishop brings flight 517 in high and fast and lands safely taxing in is is when I realized my legs were shaken we got the aircraft to the gate and I did pick up the PA to make an announcement to try to explain what had just happened to these people I'm picking up their microphone I realized there was nothing I could say to make this any better uh and probably for the first time in a long time I was at a loss of words so I simply put the microphone down and let it go with that but Bishop won't remain speechless for Long by the next day the inves instigation team has arrived in Richmond flight data recorded was undamaged an airplane undamaged we launched to the scene the the airplane literally didn't move stayed its location in the airport till we got down there uh there were a lot of fa a lot of NTSB and they all wanted to talk to us very badly it gave the NTSB uh a tremendous break because suddenly they had a 737 that had had a Rudder incident that was intact and they had a pilot who was alive and who could talk about it I think they were much happier to have the airplane than me I think the airplane probably gave them more to research than I ever could NTSB investigators quickly determined that what happened on board Eastwind flight 517 is alarmingly similar to events on flights 427 and 585 if they can discover why Bishop 73 7 rolled over they may be able to crack two mysterious and fatal accidents and and when we said well what happened they said there was something wrong with the rudder pedal the pedal wouldn't go down I was standing on the rudder pedal and I couldn't get it to go down my god with Bishop's firsters testimony investigators immediately zero in on East wind's Rudder controls the power control unit is removed inspected and then tested again and again to the frustration of everyone the unit performs perfectly we tested that aircraft as is it was intact we went through it completely we did flight tests with it and it passed all tests after a 5year hunt for Clues a third mysterious Rudder event on a 737 and a live pilot as a witness Tom hter still lacks the evidence he needs to crack his case he decides to push his chief suspect flight 427's Rudder controls a little harder one fellow mentioned a test he had done in the military of a thermal shock where if you had the actuator being very cold and and put in very hot hydraulic fluid it would cause it to react in strange ways so we put together a thermal shock test and this test was extreme to say least on August the 26th 1996 in Valencia California NTSB investigators gather to watch the torture test of us a 427's PCU after so soaking it in dry ice the PCU is blasted with nitrogen gas to simulate the -40° temperatures at 10,000 M then it's quickly injected with superheated hydraulic fluid and given the command to start working as we were standing there listening to the the actuator move left and right left and right it stops and it was not commanded to stop it just jammed stop working completely take a look systems investigator Greg Phillips now asks that the valve be taken apart and scanned for scratches they find none look at that doesn't leave a Trace it's a crucial breakthrough to solving an almost perfect crime not only have they proven that the valve which controls the Rudders can jam no evidence is Left Behind Tom hter and his team have now found that a small hydraulic valve that controls the rudder of the world's most popular commercial jetliner can jam in the right circumstances it's an ominous Discovery but incredibly there's another shocking surprise in store for the investigators October the 15th 1996 for The Last 5 Years the national Transportation safety board has been struggling to crack its toughest case two completely separate but seemingly linked accidents the crash of United 585 killed 25 passengers and crew 3 years later the US airflight 427 disaster took another 132 lives now after examining hundreds of Clues investigators have made a surprising discovery a new test has revealed that under the right circumstances the hydraulic valve that moves the 737s rudder can jam it just jammed but the surprises aren't over the most important breakthrough came when a Boeing engineer examining the data from that test discovered some numbers that indicated the valve at that point had actually reversed whoa It's a stunning Revelation not only can the servo valve Jam but it can then function in Reverse it means that any time a pilot tries to correct a rollover by pushing on the rudder the rudder might turn in the opposite direction causing a fatal accident and the reversal is like driving your car you turn the right it goes left you're not going to figure out this failure mode until you go off the road and in these cases that's the pilotes we're faced with something so usual that they didn't understand what was happening what the hell is this they had evidence now that the valve was unique that the valve not only could Jam but would reverse 27 emergency that would explain why the first officer Chuck EMT would keep his foot on the rudder pedal because he's thinking why isn't the plane going right and he's feeling the plane go to the left to the very end Chuck EMT pushes hard hoping his Rudder will help him pull out of his deadly spiral tragically he has no way of knowing that he's steering the aircraft straight into the ground never driven to Colorado Springs and not gotten sick flight attendants prepare for landing satisfied that they've determined the cause of the crash of US Air 427 the NTSB turns its attention to the unsolved case of United 585 another T game going back to Colorado Springs you could follow a progression of what the captain was doing he's close to the ground and suddenly under rud a reversal he puts a little bit of pedal the pedal violently pushes his leg back oh God 15 15 Rudder reversal certainly fits what I know about this crew and how it fits we were able to show the fail mode it matched the flight data recorder from each aircraft it f like a glove so we now had a lot more information we could apply to United 585 and based on that we redid the accident report oh my God from Rudder reversal to impact took less than 10 seconds 585s flight crew had no chance to save their plane or passengers in the aftermath of the investigation sweeping changes were made to improve the safety of the 737 and the entire aviation industry new training protocols were designed to help Pilots react to unusual inlight events in the 737 Fleet Pilots are now trained on how to react to both Rudder hard overs and reversals the scenario of the usir 427 accident if the crew had the information that we have today I believe they would have landed safely in Pittsburgh that evening the FAA also directed Boeing to redesign the Rudders dual Servo valve to eliminate the potential for reversal Boeing spent hundreds of millions of dollars to replace the valves on thousands of 737s around the world one thing we don't like of the safety board is to have an undetermined acccident because then we can't make a change to improve safety so out of us a 427 United 585 we have a much safer 737 Fleet it took NTSB tin kickers 10 years to solve the mysterious crashes of flights 585 and 427 the longest investigation in aviation history there are still some people in aviation who don't think the ntsp got it right but I became convinced after talking to many many many people Pilots Engineers people at Boeing uh and spending a lot of time with the investigators that they did get it right since the replacement of the 737 Servo valves there hasn't been a similar crash of the most popular most profitable plane in the world high above the Indian Ocean disaster strikes the engines on fire more than 10 km in the air all four engines of a British Airways 747 sto working Roger declare emergency mayday mayday mayday spe with no engines and little power British Airways flight 9 Falls towards the ocean stand on the crew fight to keep their plane from crashing into the sea what has crippled their massive jet threatening the lives of everyone on board it made it June the 24th 1982 British Airways flight 9 cruises through the sky over Indonesia in a few hours the plane and all 263 people on board are scheduled to land in Perth Australia Phyllis Welch and her daughter are seated in Cabin e at the very back of the enormous jet how's that heroin of yours Fanny price fairing well she's having a tough old time at Mansfield park it was a good place for me to spend a few hours wouldn't mind being there myself it's all right M we'll get there we had already traversed at least two time zones we were very tired we had flown through Bombay through koala lumor hadn't been able to get much sleep if any and it was a dark dark pitch black night ahead of Betty and Phyllis Charles capewell is returning home to Perth Australia with his two boys Chaz and Steven right settle down Lads on it's time for a nap get back to your seat no what do you want to sleep here right was a good flight it was going well uh leaving London it was great and we was all eager to go home and the two boys were eager to get back to to Mom I thought we be home in 3 hours per they'll be Pat and we'll get an tax in would be own while many of the passengers have been traveling for almost a day the crew is fresh they took control at the last stopover in quala lumu Captain Eric Moody got his first taste of flying at the age of 16 when he took a gliding lesson he was one of the first ever trained on the 747 Roger check with jakara Chata controls speedbird 9 over helim at level 370 speedir 9 Roger first officer Roger Greaves has been a co-pilot for more than 6 years Barry Townley Freeman has been a flight engineer on these aircraft for just a little longer I'd not flown with Eric before uh or Barry uh that was the first time we'd actually we'd actually met on that uh that flight as the jet flies over the city of Jakarta it's cruising at more than 11,000 M and has been in the air for an hour and a half Captain Moody checks his weather radar it shows smooth sailing for the next 500 km all right Roger it's all clear just keep your eyes open I'll be back in a moment just got to use a Lo back in the cabin many of the passengers have fallen asleep while Charles capwell and his sons doze an ominous Haze appear above their heads it's still legal to smoke on passenger jets in 1982 for the cabin crew though the smoke seems thicker than normal seems to be a lot of smoke out there they begin to worry that a small fire may be smoldering somewhere on the plane maybe someone let up in the toilet let's go see if we can find anything a fire at 11,000 m is a terrifying Prospect if there is a blaze somewhere the crew must find it immediately in the cockpit the flight takes an unsettling turn Barry and I were just sitting there mining the shop pitch dark night of course and then we started to get these pcks of light on the on the wind screen see almost fire I don't think so it's not moving s Elmo's Fire is a natural phenom phon that's sometimes seen when planes fly through highly charged thunderclouds but there aren't supposed to be any thunderclouds tonight anything on the radar no no it's clear I don't like the look of this let's get a better look out there with the help of their Landing lights the two men are Disturbed to see a thin layer of clouds surrounding their plane even though nothing is showing up on their radar but at 37,000 ft the normal thing you would anticipate would be hirus which is just a thin layer of cloud I think we better get the captain back up here I was reading my book and there was a slight flick of turbulence just a slight flick and I glanced over to the left where I had a clear view of the port wing and to my surprise it was covered in a a brilliant white shimmering light which seemed to be clinging to the wing of the aircraft I carried on reading but I found that I kept reading the same paragraph over and over again and not taking in a word of it I I just didn't know what was happening in the cabin the smoke begins to thicken stewards have been unable to figure out where it's coming from if there's a fire they can't find it all right well go see that the passengers are comfortable do you smell anything odd M seems rather smoky in here I noticed that Thick Smoke was pouring into the cabin through the vents above the windows and that was a very sobering sight Turkish cigarette it smelted like was sort of a sulfuric electrical smell and I went on that flight deck expecting to hear that we had some electrical smoke somewhere on the aircraft but nothing was further from the truth when did it start well just after you stepped out anything on radar no it's clear not a cloud oh my Lord look at engine four it's lit up somehow Captain Captain have a look at number one it's the same on my side none of the crew have ever seen anything like this before but the light show is just the beginning their bizarre flight is about to take a terrifying turn for the worse strange lights are striking the windshield of a British Airways passenger jet heading to Perth Australia at the same time the plane's engines are lit by a brilliant white glow look at engine four it's lit up somehow this uh light show if you like had become more intense in fact we ended up sitting there with with two sheets of brilliant white light in front of us in place of the wind screens inside the cabin smoke has been growing thicker chief steward Graham Skinner has been organizing an intense but quiet search for fire what's with all the smoke there was smoke in the cabin it got really really hot you were perspiring literally drenched in perspiration um the the acrid smoke was at the back of your throat up your nose in your eyes and you rubbing this and your eyes were running and it was oh it's not not a very nice situation at all flight engineer Barry Townley Freeman has been checking his instruments carefully he smelled the smoke but so far has no indication that there's a fire in any of the plane systems I can't find anything with one mystery confronting them they're suddenly faced with a frightening new situation the engine's on fire the whole of the the wing was a sheet of light and I thought well I said oh you better close that because we don't know what's that cheers sit down CL then I realized that you know something was dramatically wrong there were huge Flames coming out of the back of the engines 20 some people said 40 ft long these huge Jets of sheer flame shooting out of the back of of all the engines is it going to penetrate from the outside of the aircraft is it going to come into the cabin are we going to burn to death are we going to choke to death on the smoke what's going to happen what's causing it what are they going to do about it as fire engulfs the engines one of them revs loudly and Flames out engine failure number four fire action number four checklist power and gear set thrust lever closed start lever off once one engine fails you call for the drill to shut that one down you have drills for certain things so that you don't have uh you don't fly together as a crew forever uh you can fly with different people then and you can standardize the operations the instruments do not indicate a fire on the plane but the passengers can see Flames erupting from the engines and stretching down the length of the 747 I could not see the engines from where I was sitting I could only see the space behind them but there was enough glow in that space to convince me that the aircraft was really seriously on fire we were in trouble they knew as long as they were they knew we were in bad bad trouble and they sort of uh just looked at me as have to say well what are we doing there Dad if anything's going to happen I want to be close to you oh please the cabin crew begins storing anything that's loose they don't want dishes or bottles flying around the cabin if the plane begins to dive don't worry it's just friction if if I was misleading them then that that was for a reason because I didn't want to get as upset as I felt I just couldn't believe it and you know and this is going through my mind and yet I'm chatting to the passengers and chatting to the crew saying oh yeah nothing to worry about yeah it's just a little hiccup you know thought the 747 is more than 10 km above the ocean its engines appear to be burning and peculiar smoke continues to fill the cabin and then the unthinkable happens number two engine gone all right then begin the engine shut down no wait we how far engine are fa the other three just went out almost immediately and that's when it begins to be a serious emergency those engines made a grating rumbling sound almost like a cement mixer and then gradually the the noise just disappeared and they became silent minute and a half we've gone from four engines running normally to having none the 747 has plenty of fuel yet somehow all four of the Jets engines have completely stopped working Roger declare emergency mayday mayday mayday speedbird N9 we have lost all four engines out of 370 mayday mayday mayday speedbird 9 we've lost all four engines with no engine power and no idea what has crippled their plane British Airways flight 9 begins falling from the sky Jakarta control speedbird 9 we have lost all four engines now out of 360 first officer Roger Greaves issues a Mayday but he has trouble getting his message across problem Jakarta control speedbird 9 we have lost all four engines repeat all four engines now descending through flight level 3 5 0 speedbird 9 you have lost number four engine this idiot doesn't understand Jakarta control speedbird 9 we have lost all four engines repeat all four engines now descending through flight level 3 five Z the the air traffic control at Jakarta unfortunately seem to have a slight problem in understanding what we actually were saying only when another plane nearby relays the mday call do controllers in Jakarta understand now descending through flight level 3 5 speed 9 all four engines out understood as far as the crew knows no 747 had ever lost power to all of its engines before the crew has to find out why it's happening now I think we've cocked something up we were concerned and worried that we done something wrong you know to cause the whole thing all three of us felt exactly the same and and it was it was a personal guilt in the sense of what have I missed what have I done wrong you know because you know this kind of thing doesn't happen while not built for gliding even without its engines a 747 can travel forward 15 km for every kilometer it drops s with no power flight 9 has started a long slow fall some 10 km above the ocean the crew has less than half an hour before they smash into the sea when they all stop you go into automatic mode obviously we have practiced this drill on the simulator many many times and that's very good and and all very well as long as when it happens to you for real what happens on the airplane is mirrored by what happens to you in the simulator and I'm afraid that wasn't so in the simulator when all four engines stop the autopilot turns off but high above the Indian Ocean Captain Moody sees that his autopilot is still on we were all three confused and and concerned that what was happening to us um wasn't what we've been told what happened to us all right begin restart drill In the Heat of the situation they have no no time to figure out why the autopilot is still on on anything anything no again all right then from the top battery check on cross feed valves open fire switch in the standard restart drill takes up to 3 minutes to complete plunging from the sky the crew has fewer than 10 chances to get their engines going before they run out of time never on come on again gentlemen all right from the top battery check on cross feed valves open fire switch in at 10,000 M Captain Eric Moody decides to turn the plane back toward the closest airport halim just outside Jakarta but even that is too far away if he can't get at least some of the engines going again Jakarta speedbird N9 turning left back to hel out of 3 speed 9 radar cannot see you Sark Alpha 7700 Air Traffic Control asks them to transmit the emergency transponder signal jakata speedbird 9 we are already squawking 770 now the crew is flying back to an airport that can't find them on radar without the constant Rumble of the engines the cabin is quiet some of the passengers feel the plane beginning to descend but without communication from the cockpit they can only guess the quietness was unbelievable cuz it was sort of the airplane was no engines nothing and it seemed to be Eerie you know bit surreal really because like as if you was in suspended in spice or something and all he could feel was this quietness and the whimpering from a few people that were really upset some people were sitting quite rigidly almost as if they hadn't noticed anything at first it was it was she fear and then after a while it turns to acceptance you know you're going to die we knew we were going to die what's going on what's the problem it's just a technical fault I've been through much worse let me tell you everything be fine I think if I'd have sat down and really thought of exactly what was happening I don't think I would have ever got up again one steart came up to us and said are you two ladies all right and yes we said we're fine which was an absolute lie but that's how it was it seemed absolutely vital not to panic Captain Moody can't restart the engines unless he can keep the plane flying between 200 50 and 270 knots but the air speed indicators aren't working Captain I've got 320 knots on my side well I've got 270 bloody hell that's a 50 knot difference I'll change the speed falling from the sky with no engine power the crew now have no idea how fast they're going but to have the best chance to restart the engines Captain Moody has to have the plane flying at the right speed so from that point onwards Eric then varied the speed through um through um a just about 100 knot range hoping that at some point or other coincidental with us putting the fuel into the engines that we would actually be at the right speed to change speeds Captain Moody turns the autopilot off then he slowly pulls the nose of the jet up to slow it and then pushes it down to increase his speed the upsetting roller coaster movement adds to the Panic felt in the cabin at one time the aircraft developed a strange motion it seemed to be climbing steeply and then diving down that was the sensation we got and a bucking action that was so violent that we felt it could break the aircraft up in the air pressure warning captain we're at 10,000 pressure warning that's that's not supposed to do that and a warning horn went off now this didn't H ever happen on the simulator in this exercise so it was a bit of a surprise to us as well as providing electrical power the engines on a jumbo jet helped keep the cabin pressurized with the engines not working of course the air wasn't being pumped in so gradually the pressure was leaking away with all four engines gone the pressurized air is rapidly seeping out the thinning level of oxygen makes passengers gasp the crew reach for their oxygen masks but first officer Greaves can't get his mask to work my oxygen mask yeah that was a problem I could have done without it was stowed above my head and when I pulled the oxygen Mas down the mask and the tube became separated the captain must make a difference choice if he continues to descend slowly it will get increasingly difficult for first officer Greaves to breathe said look if we get down to 20,000 ft um quickly we can all take our oxygen Mass off and we can talk and we're back as a crew again we had to actually increase the rate of descent to descend to a lower altitude quicker which in the circumstances was something that we wouldn't really have chosen to to do so then I died the airplane and got rid of about 6,000 ft in a minute the loss of cabin pressure and the Steep dive have another terrifying Consequence the things shut down they sort of dangle down in front of you and I look to see Steven a god ear and chazard pulled his out of the socket so I made sure that Chaz got his oxygen I've seen a few movies on the planes and you know once that happens you know you're in serious trouble help me here bre normally but I'm not call the oxygen masks came down and we put those to our faces as as had been described in the drill which fortunately we had been observing at the beginning of the flight but it seemed that the the oxygen supply was not working no I'm not getting the cabin crew try to use the public address system to explain what's going on but it's not working chief steward Graham Skinner makes do with a low Tech backup can you hear me we're having a small problem with the public address system so if you would place your masks over your mouth and nose and breathe normally as the passengers struggle with their masks Captain Eric Moody is running out of options if his engines don't start soon he'll have to turn his jet around and try landing on the open ocean high above the Indian Ocean the seemingly impossible has occurred all four engines on a British Airway 747 have stopped working and the crew has no idea why first officer Roger Greaves manages to fix his broken oxygen mask but he's still frustrated by engines that won't start all right bar let's start the restart drill Ready Set battery check R standby power R anything come on anything no all right then let's do it from the top got check off first officer Greaves and engineer Barry Townley Freeman have actually shortened the standard restart drill it's giving them more chances to get the engines going but so far nothing's working come on you old son the process that we were going through the whole time was just continuous uh we we hadn't had any success with the drill at all um despite all the efforts we were putting in but it was it was the only thing we had left to cling on to so that's what we did from the top of again battery check on I have no idea and I don't think any of us have how many times we tried to restart those engines if I say 20 I would think that's too low if I said 50 I would think that's probably about right as the plane Falls lower and lower Captain moody faces a brutal Choice a mountain range cuts across the island of java between his plane and the airport he knows he has to be at least 3500 M High to clear it but if his engines don't restart soon they won't make it at this rate it will crash in a matter of minutes it's just a question of where Captain Moody decides if the engines don't restart soon he'll turn back towards the ocean and try landing on the water all right are we getting something it's th starting I knew it was so difficult to land airplanes on the sea even when you had everything going for you uh and I thought that well we haven't got much going for us here I'd never done it before hiding his concern Captain Moody addresses the passengers and crew ladies and gentlemen this is your captain speaking we have a small problem all four engines have stopped we're doing our damnest to get under control I trust you are not in too much distress most of the passengers expect the worst ma in trouble plane going down we'll do best for the boys we love you sorry P I thought we were going down heading for the ocean which crash and I thought if she got the note um you know she knew we were still thinking about it and we did whatever we could will we be burnt alive will we be choked by the smoke will the aircraft break up in the air and hurtle us out into space which was my biggest fear or will we come down in the sea and be eaten by sharks alive or will we crash into a mountain let's crash into a mountain quickly and get all this over well nothing it's not starting all right from the top d g checked on down by car on finally Captain Moody has to decide carry on and likely crash into the mountains or turn around and ditch sea I don't know how to swim I couldn't swim anyway so I thought well you know I'm doomed anyway and I I just hope that maybe one of the passengers might uh help the two boys to make sure that they could stay afloat well anything no all right then from the top again G we had very few uh chances left of starting the engines before having to turn out to to see again because we wouldn't have been able to clear the the mountains on the south coast of java can't my no no no no it w it won't come down start never cut off fuel pressure they available stand my ignition on and then as suddenly as it had stopped working the fourth engine Roars back to life engine back online then all of a sudden there was this sort of like somebody given the other planet punch from underneath and then I realized that it might have been an engine it was boom Oh my god look the noise that a rollsroyce engine makes when it starts up is low rumbling noise you know and it was uh it was just well it was wonderful to hear it a 747 can fly with one engine but Captain Moody knows that just just one engine still won't give him enough power to clear the mountains the glass now is half full it's not half empty we're now in with a a real chance and I tell you what the three of us would have dragged that airplane around the whole island of java as the plane Falls past 4,000 M another engine coughs and comes back to life engine three back online it's followed quickly by the final two I can't believe it engines one and two both back online from almost certain disaster the crippled jet is now Under full power my God I realized then that we could make it back to not to Perth but to to an airport that's all we wanted was to land on on on the earth and and you know be part of the living again cuz while we were up there we were dead Jakarta speedbird n we are back in business all four running all four this time local controllers have no trouble understanding the message all four engines serviceable again confirm continuing to Har affirmative affirmative we say right let's get this thing on the ground as quickly as we can ladies and gentlemen this is your captain speaking we seem to have overcome that problem and have managed to start all the engines we are diverting to jakata and expect to land in about 15 minutes Captain Moody begins climbing putting plenty of room between his plane and the mountains below but as he does the strange lights that he saw when The Crisis began reappear in front of the jet now as soon as we got to 15,000 ft this Elmo's Fire started again now I'm not slow so I said let's get out of here quickly but before he can descend very far the plane is stricken again Engine 2 is surging oh no got the whole airplane was shaking it was just going Bang Bang Bang the atmosphere in the cabin was very tense and very quiet by then I think very few people were talking I think there were quite a lot of prayers going up the engines backfire violently the captain must make another fateful decision begin shut down drill checklist powering gear off CR L closed we were reluctant to do it as you can probably understand but you know that was it so we were back on three engines now I'm not a coward but when you've had four engines going no engines going you get four going and tell me show me any pilot that will quickly shut down that engine cuz you're worried that they're all going to stop again Jakarta speedbird 9 leaving 154 120 we are now on three engines as the plane closes in on the airport first officer Greaves thinks the windshield is covered in moisture making it hard to see through and I said I said to Eric I said e it's a bit misty out there so we turn turned the blowers on to kind you know like DS on your car to try and and uh clear that that didn't work I used the windscreen wipers and that didn't work somehow the glass itself has been badly damaged for some reason I looked out the edge of my wind screen and about a 2-in strip down the edge on the left hand side I could see much more clearly but I couldn't see anything much out the front it it was getting more and more the nearer and nearer we got to the lights the crew get a final unwelcome surprise equipment on the ground that helps them descend at the proper angle isn't working Jakarta ADC be advised our Glide path is unserviceable the localizer which gives you the left and right of the runway Center Line that was working but the Glide slope which gives you the actual profile for The Descent was not working after all the troubles they've been through now the crew has to land their plane manually we then continued with Eric fly localizer and me calling out the distance and the altitude that he should be at 300 ft Captain so he was then able to adjust his rate of descent to what I was telling him as far as the glinder was concerned 200 150 ft Captain 100 50 ft 30 ft oh my God we're on the runway reverse 90 knots 80 knots [Laughter] we're down could really good for a cold soda and the airplane just landed itself it it seemed to anyway it kiss the Earth it was beautiful wow that's that's amazing safely on the ground at halem airport in Jakarta passengers celebrate the end of a harrowing ordeal they also want to know what happened no fire had been found so why had smoke filled the cabin how could all four engines have stopped at nearly the same time what were the strange lights that surrounded the plane in the cockpit the flight crew are relieved but also concerned that they might be at fault the first thing that we did having parked the airplane and shut it all down and um was to then go through all the paperwork to see if there was possibly anything anywhere in it that might have given us any pre-warning of some sort of phenomenon that caused what happened to us every time cuz it's going to it's going to come back to us the damage to the 747 is extensive from the outside the crew realized that their windshield had been deeply scratched they see bare metal showing through where the paint has somehow been Stripped Away and they still have no idea why any of it happened when investigators uncover the cause of the disaster flight 9 changes pilot training around the world during a calm flight to Australia all four engines of a British Airway 747 suddenly stopped working after a long terrifying descent the crew managed to restart the engines land wow that's that's amazing they spent an excited and largely sleepless night in Carter before returning to halim airport to inspect their plane and we went back the next day to look at it at daylight the airplane had lost its Sheen and in some places it had been sand blasted quite well uh and all the decals and and the paint had come off it really was very little to see until they stripped the engine stand the engines were manufactured by rollsroyce their investigation was led by a former engineer Malcolm greyburn three of the engines were removed in Jakarta uh following the incident and were fed back via cargo aircraft to London Heath row and then transported to South Wales where the engines were in fact stripped down into peace parts and it was there that I got involved greyburn was stunned by what he saw much of the engine was badly scratched and scored we did do a forensic analysis of the engines we did record it all in terms of photographic analysis is and also we did a lot of laboratory analysis greyburn discovered the engines were choked with fine dust pieces of rock and sand when it was closely studied they learned that the debris was clearly volcanic ash days after their harrowing flight the passengers and crew learned that the night they were flying there had been a major eruption of the mount gallang gang volcano located just 160 km southeast of Jakarta Tom cadaval is director of the US Geological Survey and has studied the gangang volcano Indonesia is the world's most volcanically active country it has more than 130 historically active volcanoes meaning volcano which have erupted in the last several thousand years gong erupted explosively early in 1980s in April May June of 1982 the eruptions became increasingly more powerful the eruptions were large and the damage was extensive more than 60,000 people were evacuated from the area around the mountain the Night Flight 9 flew nearby the volcano erupted again as the ashcloud rose more than 15,000 M into the night winds pushed it to the Southwest right into the path of British Airways flight 9 never before had a volcanic Cloud seriously affected an airplane could the ash really have crippled this flight should declare emergency mayday mayday mayday speed bird 9 we have lost all four engines unlike Ash that you might see in a chimney or after a fire in a forest this is not soft material at all this is very fine groundup particles of Solid Rock and Minerals this material is very very abrasive it's very angular in shape if you were to see it under a microscope you would see very sharp angles and and so that's what caused the abrasion in addition to sand blasting the windshield and all the leading edges of the plane could the ashcloud explain all the other strange phenomena the passengers and crew had experienced remember the aircraft is moving in close to 500 mph as it's flying into that cloud even though it's a very fine material it can still cause abrasion and friction on the skin of the aircraft because it's such a dry environment up there that frictional electrification produces the glow that we referred to as St Elmo's Fire the electrification also caused the interference in communication experienced by the crew speedbird 9 you have lost number four engine some of the volcanic ash that was sucked in and ground up by the engines was also blown into the plane and when passengers and crew saw it swirling through the cabin they feared the worst you're a passenger you're looking out the window suddenly you start breathing this sulfurous sulfur Laden air in the cabin and it probably is a choking probably a shocking uh sensation it's essentially a a house of horrors type situation while the volcanic ash caused the visible scarring filled the plane with smoke and fouled Communications could it cause the engines to flame out as well an x-ray from front to back of the a turbofan jet engine works by sucking in enormous amounts of air the air is then highly pressurized by the engine's compressor this tightly packed air is mixed with fuel and ignited the force of this reaction propels the jet through sky the temperatures in the combustion chamber where this ash was flowing through are around 2,000 de centigrade and so the volcanic ash we know melts at about 1300 1400° but when the liquid Ash reached deeper into the engine it cooled slightly turning into a sticky molten goo it attached itself to the engine and began choking it we got a fundamental disturbance of the airf flow in the main core of the engine which caused the engine to back fire and the engines flamed out and that was the cause of the problem backfires occur when the engine isn't burning cleanly the engine's on fire there's too much fuel and not enough oxygen engine failure number four fire action number four checklist power and gear on flight 9 the backfires were the cause of the enormous Jets of flame many passengers saw behind the engines after struggling against the choking effect of the ashcloud the engines on board the 747 flamed out what greyburn found next was that a remarkable piece of chemistry saved the plane as soon as you came out out of the volcanic ash and the engines were not running remember so everything cooled down it was enough for this stuff to break off and allow the engines to restart when enough of the molten ash was gone the engine were clear again and townly Freeman's frantic efforts to restart them paid off engine full back online we have learned quite a bit and we've Incorporated this learning into pilot training Pilots now for example know what signs to look for when they might be in an ashcloud and those signs include the odor of sulfur in the cabin dust accumulating in the cabin and if you're at night you might look out and see the frictional electrification or the St Elmo's Fire on the leading edges aircraft another important lesson learned from flight 9 is that volcanic ash clouds do not appear on normal weather radar which reflects water since the clouds are dry they're all but invisible to radar that knowledge has led to better Communications between the geologists that study volcanoes and the international airlines that fly over them the crew of flight 9 was showered with Awards and commendations in the months after their incredible night I thought the airmanship displayed by this crew during this event was absolutely fantastic the way that they managed to guide this aircraft back down to a safe landing after having been through such extreme circumstances it was fantastic the way they recovered this aircraft absolutely br for everyone on board flight 9 the terrifying plunge through the skies had a lasting impact Betty tutel was so struck by the events of that night that she wrote a book about the ordeal this was an event which was unique in aviation history and it seemed to me absolutely vital that it should be put on record and I wondered who was going to do this but no sooner had that thought thought entered my mind and I thought I'm going to do that toel would also end up marrying a man she met on the flight James Ferguson Charles capewell and his two sons made it home 2 days after they touched down in Jakarta 25 years later both Chaz and Steven still live in Perth our time hadn't came and that was it from then on I was took a different view of life when the time comes there's nothing you can do but you can still hope and we HED and we got out of it not long after their fateful flight Captain Eric Moody created the gallang gang gliding Club every member of the crew and all passengers were automatically admitted to this exclusive group the survivors of British Airways flight 9 happily stay in touch to this day Alpa Lima whiskey 301 Santo Domingo a Boeing 757 disappears from radar with 189 people on board the plane's wreckage is soon found at Sea there are no survivors to say what happened this accident was the first major loss of a moing 757 aircraft investigators find no clues in the wreckage only the plan's Black Box can tell them what happened the tape raises a perplexing question 301 Santo Domingo coming please my air speed indicator is not working what's happening how had the failure of one single instrument sir caused the crash of one of the world's most sophisticated jet liners aing Gregorio luperon International Airport in Puerto platter the Dominican Republic February the 6th 1996 the small Caribbean island is a popular winter getaway a group of German tourists has been delayed there are mechanical problems with the jet that was supposed to take them back to Frankfurt the airline has arranged to lease another plane for the flight the replacement jet is owned by Turkish charter company Bergen air they have a 757 that's been sitting on the tarmac for almost 3 weeks but it takes several hours to get the plane ready to go and to get the Turkish crew aboard by 10:15 p.m. the plane and most of its crew are at the gate more than 4 hours after they were supposed to take off the first of the passengers begin boarding the plane they have a 9-hour flight to Frankfurt ahead of them Al Lima whiskey 301 shortly after 11:30 Bergen airflight 301 is given permission to leave the gate moments later it taxies to the threshold runway cab crew taker seats ready for takeoff cabin announcement is completed exterior first officer aot garan is new to the 757 with fewer than 75 hours in the plane all in the last 3 months thank you ready for take off in contrast Captain ahed a dam is one of Bergen A's most senior Pilots he's logged thousands of hours in this type of plane Alpha lumisi 301 ready for takeoff 301 clear for takeoff Runway 08 clear for takeoff Runway 08 31 thank you a good flight good flight good flight mulis evu is on this flight as a relief pilot like first officer gagin he's been flying the 757 for Less Than 3 months as the plane accelerates to takeoff speed a light rain begins to fall power set okay check first officer aut Garin watches his air speed indicator for a routine instrument check as the airplane's accelerating to takeoff speed the first officer calls 80 knots 880 knots Che the captain in theory should verify that his air speed indicator also reads 80 knots my air speed indicator is not working the captain's air speed should read the same as his first officers 120 but the readings do not match is yours working yes sir you tell me ADM wants his first officer to to tell him when the plane hits takeoff speed V1 at 150 knots the plane hits V1 the point of no return rotate the captain must pull back on his column and get the plane in the air positive climb gear up positive climb gear is up at 11:42 the plane takes off seconds later Captain aird's air speed indicator comes to life is it possible to turn off the wipers okay wipers off climb fust climb thrust first officer gagan reduces power to the engines for a gradual climb to cruising altitude 301 Airborne 45 switch over C Domingo 1 2 43 1 2 43 byebye sir climbing through 2500 ft s Domingo first officer gin establishes contact with the Island's main tower in Santo Domingo Al whiskey 301 climb and maintain 280 s all Pyon please Center autopilot has command 1 minute and 30 seconds into the flight the autopilot takes over onboard computers now make all the calculations and adjustments necessary to keep the plane climbing safely almost immediately the computer reports a problem R ratio mock air spe trim two different alerts warn the pilots that the plane is is traveling far too fast but the first officer's air speed indicator shows the plane climbing at a normal speed 220 knots something's wrong here unaware that there are any problems the controller directs Bergen airflight 301 to continue climbing alpha lima whiskey 301 report po okay 28 I'll call you over po 301 okay there's something crazy do you see it in the cockpit the situation gets more confusing the first officer's air speed indicator shows that the plane is flying much too slowly mine shows only 200 now and decreasing sir but the captain's gauge shows the plane flying far too fast 325 knots both of them are wrong can we do let's check the circuit breakers yes sir as the first warning is eliminated a more persistent warning replaces it the overs speed warning tells the crew that they are approaching 350 knots the maximum speed at which the plane was designed to fly at this altitude okay it's no matter let's pull the air speed let's see resetting the circuit breakers turns off the alarm but it doesn't fix the problem Captain adm's airp speed indicator still shows he's flying much too fast now it's yes confused by the conflicting information Captain aam decides to do what the plane wants he slows down take that like this with terrifying results the 757 is sending out warnings that are confusing the crew bewildered the crew struggles to solve the problem the lives of 189 people depend on them getting the answer right shortly after taking off from the Dominican Republic Bergen Air flight 301 is in trouble God God God the cockpit is filled with an ominous sound the stick Shaker alert a stick Shaker warning is a warning of imminent stall uh it means that the airplane is about to attain uh a speed so low that it cannot sustain flight the alert is so serious that it actually shakes the Pilot's control columns combined with a loud rattling it's impossible to ignore to add to the crew's confusion the plane begins to vibrate and dip wildly I'm sure every passenger on the airplane knew something was unusual because the aircraft uh started to uh started to Shake in a very violent maneuver it's not the only problem the crew is facing AI the attitude deviation indicator is uh basically a round gauge that on this airplane is a screen but it's blue on the top and brown on the bottom and it shows not only the pitch of the airplane but also roll on the gauge blue represents Sky the more blue the steeper The Climb right now it's showing that the plane's nose is pointing dangerously High then more than 7,000 ft above the ocean the plane rolls hard to the right and begins to plummet from the sky from the time that the stick Shaker activates it is now going to require proper action from the flight crew to sort this out or they will end up losing control of it the window of decisions is closing on them for if they let it stall completely maintaining control of the airplane will prove to be very difficult Captain ADM struggles desperately to get his plane to climb nose down he has just a few thousand ft to pull a 100ton airliner out of a deadly stall the less experienced Pilots utter prayers and offer suggestions thrust AI one 377 stand by air traffic control is still unaware that flight 301 is in grave danger the timing what am I to do You Can level off our altitude's okay the plane is falling fast 5,000 ft Captain ADM is trying to fly a plane that's become virtually uncontrollable us gagin pushes the throttles to full power but it doesn't help the plane spirals towards the sea oh what's happening alpha lima whiskey 301 Santo Domingo come in please alpha lima whiskey 301 Santo please less than 5 minutes after takeoff Bergen Air flight 301 vanishes from radar come in please the Dominican Navy begins searching for the missing plane and its passengers on Route I was always thinking of what I would find I thought I would find people screaming people yelling asking for help they discover something very different the strong smell of jet fuel hangs over the water pieces of wreckage float on the waves I thought to myself there was no one alive here we didn't see any survivors and we didn't see bodies I really thought the plane had disintegrated on impact within hours more than just wreckage begins floating to the surface around 5:20 in the morning when the body started to come up I did feel a great sorrow in my heart I felt like I wasn't sure if I would have the strength to continue the work at that moment the search continues By the Light of the next morning American and Dominican rescue ships scour a 1300 Square km area for survivors none are found now it's up to the Dominican Republic's aircraft accident investigation Bureau to find out what caused this accident we established a base camp at a hotel on the cabara beach which was directly south of the accident s over the next couple of days investigators reporters and some of the victim's families arrive at the hotel nearby evidence of the disaster reaches the Dominican Shores wreckage and passengers possessions are washing up on the beach even the smallest piece could be a valuable clue as to what caused the crash the USA's National Transportation safety board agrees to assist the Dominicans with their investigation Dominican Republic manuelon they send an investigator to Puerto platter uh we could see that uh this was going to take some International cooperation to get to the bottom of the event Robert McIntosh will also provide support from the ntsb's Washington offices um any signal from the records this particular accident was the first major loss of a Boeing 757 in water uh there was added urgency uh because the aircraft was going into the delivery of many American operated uh Airlines and on the market for the worldwide uh passenger service but uh in order to understand what had happened here we only had one key that key was the black boxes like all commercial airliners the Boeing 757 carries a cockpit voice recorder that records all the sounds in the cockpit and a flight data recorder that records a wealth of information about the plane's operation during flight Singo uh we've got underwater locator beacons on these uh recorders they work for 30 days upon immersion but the ocean weather plane crashed is over 7,200 ft deep we needed to locate them before the signals faded and we also needed to remove them before the data was damaged by salt water so we were in a Race Against Time the NTSB enlists the help of the US Navy who hire a submersible called the curve curve stands for the cabled underwater recovery vehicle it's it's a tethered vehicle it has an umbilical and it's controlled by an umbilical it's not autonomous the curve is essentially a remote controlled submarine which can work at depths no man submarine could handle while the curve travels from the United States major sront starts to examine the evidence he has radar on the ground tracked the plane as it climbed into the night sky have the radar the the history of the flight is recorded here so basically investigators study the radar records along with the conversation between the ground controllers and the crew I have the recording from the control tower Santo Domingo good evening alpha lima whiskey 301 climbing alpal Lima whiskey 301 climb and maintain 280 okay 280 the exchange between the controller and flight 301 is normal the investigators detect no signs of trouble last communication between them was only disrupted with a standby 301 squat 377 stand by as you heard there's no reason why this plane went down what had caused uh something to go wrong to interrupt the flight path of the aircraft so rapidly certainly it was a good uh it was a good question for us any debris that's found is taken to a Dominican military base to be examined investigators comb through the wreckage they've recovered pieces of the cabin life vests even part of the landing gear have all been found every piece of debris is studied for signs of an explosion or fire investigators also check if any of the life vests are inflated that would suggest passengers had some warning before the plane plowed into the sea cords on some of the life vests are hanging loose but investigators conclude that could be the result of the plane's violent impact the crash was so powerful it has compressed coffee cans into flat pieces of tin the wreckage tells investigators that the crash of Bergen airf flight 301 was sudden and violent but they find no evidence that there was an explosion on board major srant looks into the possibility that the plane which was called into service at the last minute may not have been ready for the flight myr oh hi I'd like to see some uh records of the bre a plane oh they're right here this is it it had been on the ground for some time in Puerto plat and that became interesting to us uh why would uh why would an operating company have an aircraft sitting there investigators discover that the plane wasn't on the ground for repairs based on maintenance records the plane appears to have been mechanically sound Bergen a simply didn't have enough passengers to justify the flight financially so they kept the plane and the crew in the Dominican Republic for almost 3 weeks the plane's maintenance records turn out to be one more in a series of empty leads the curve arrives in Puerto platter Harbor on February the 28th more than 3 weeks after the crash it slips below the waves looking for the remains of the Bergen a jet it takes the robotic submarine 2 hours just to descend the 7,200 ft to the ocean floor from there it sends back images of the wreck of flight 301 the cockpit pretty much was sitting upright and it it was pretty much the nose of the plane you know um and you could see the front part of it it was obviously banged up um and cracked and um fragmented the clues investigators need to solve the mystery of this plane crash lies somewhere amongst the plane's Twisted wreckage the flight's black boxes are the top priority the curve quickly picks up the signal from a pinger on one of the units operators must now maneuver the sub towards the sound they have to be able to see the boxes to pick them up with the robotic arm it takes just 90 minutes to find the first black box the first one was sitting out in the open okay it it was U where they could see it and and they picked the first box up they grabbed a hold of it and they just kind of Tuck the arm up in place you know so that they wouldn't lose it the second black box is also heard but after almost 2 hours the curves cameras still can't see it you know they knew it was right there and they were searching around a debris pile and they could not physically see it you know with the cameras of the vehicle so as they went around a couple times they started you know lifting metal up and moving pieces out of the way and then they did find the second box under some debris flight 301's flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder are brought to the surface and loaded onto a waiting jet within hours the black boxes are at the NTSB labs in Washington DC technicians prepare to extract the precious data from the boxes investigators hope it will tell them what happened aboard Bergen airflight 301 they'll soon uncover a stunning miscommunication between a seasoned pilot and his plane to unravel the mystery of Bergen airflight 301 investigators are counting on the plan's black boxes that flight data recorder uh was uh was our key so uh the technicians got busy and uh gave us plots visual plots of what was going on with uh uh engines and air speeds and uh so on to allow us to try and understand why that aircraft uh uh slowed down uh uh and then simply departed uh controlled flight and uh entered the ocean Ah that's great that shows us all we need to see for now so it's all the flight data recording it's on a timeline top is the pitch we've got the the air speed the altitude but check out the timeline 44 investigators immediately noticed something unusual about the flight 15° pitch NOS up seems high he's almost the maximum and then it stays that way the plane began climbing normally s all pilot on please but investigators noticed that shortly after the autopilot was switched on the plane's nose pitched upward they also see that the plane's air speed seems much higher than it should be 350 knots he can't be right well there's definitely something wonky about the air speed numbers this uh brought us to the question of uh uh perhaps we should be looking over on the other side at the cockpit voice recorder and see uh what kind of of uh information was coming from there can you chew that up and play it investigators soon start filling in the missing pieces of the puzzle 80 working they learned that Captain aam noticed that his airp speed indicator wasn't working he was working yes sir you tell me V1 rotate but ADM didn't think the problem problem was serious enough to abort his takeoff the tape reveals that once they were Airborne the crew quickly became overwhelmed by a series of warnings Mo something to investigators the captain seems to become increasingly bewildered by the messages he was getting from his plane mine shows only 200 now and decreasing sir both of them are wrong what can we do investigators don't know why the captain's air speed indicator wasn't working they do notice that the captain's gauge came back to life as the plane started to climb okay it's no matter let's pull the air Street let's see it's a telling discovery which leads investigators to focus their attention on the device that feeds the gauges air speed information the Pito tube a Pito tube is an AirSpeed sensor a pipe open at one end that responds to air pressure when the plane travels forward an increase in air pressure inside the Peto tube causes the air speed indicator's needle to move my air speed indicator is not working but if a Pito tube becomes blocked it can send faulty readings to the plane's gauges blocked Pito tubes have been a factor in previous plane crashes in 1982 a Boeing 737 crash crashed in heavy snow in Washington DC shortly after takeoff the Pito tubes were blocked with ice investigators suspect the the Pito tube which fed the captain's air speed indicator on the Bergen air jet was somehow blocked but they know ice can't have blocked the tubes of a plane taking off from a Caribbean Island we don't know why it was blocked but uh it presented a very very interesting situation to us uh we started carefully looking at what could cause that kind of thing to happen Sor major sront has a theory he returns to question the airplane's mechanics Sor sront we are done with this thank you I like to ask you more question about the freaking airplane sron suspects the mechanics may have taped over the Pito tubes during maintenance it's a common procedure but if the tape wasn't removed it could have caused the deadly accident maybe a piece of tape was left on accidentally no sir they didn't have to be taped we never did anything with the pet did you put the PED covers back on them when the maintenance was finished it didn't have any coverage with it we didn't take any off and we didn't put any on and that's when we discovered that the pitos had not been covered for the 25 days that the aircraft remained parked at the international airport in Puerto PL a Pito cover slips over the end of the tube regulations state that these covers must be installed anytime a plane will be on the ground for an extended period of time a prominent flag is meant to remind pilots and technicians to remove them again before takeoff investigators find that the Bergen a Pito tubes were never covered and somehow the uncovered pitos had become blocked recovering the tube from the ocean floor is the only way for investigators to answer a pressing question what blocked the Pito tubes nobody knows for sure the evidence is 7,000 ft down in the uh Atlantic Ocean but even if the Pito tubes were blocked how could it have caused the crash of a modern jet and the death of 189 people it's not like a car where you have only one speedometer uh in this kind of an aircraft uh you have uh a total of uh uh three air speed indicators and there's a flight data computer which is Computing the Velocity in relation to the ground I'd like to welcome you all this afternoon as you know I'm Bob minosh using information from the black boxes the NTSB pieces together a realtime animation from liftoff to the final moments of flight 301 this is the indicator the captain actually realized that his speed indicator was not working is yours working yes sir the big question for investigators is how could one faulty air speeed source result in a crash he realized at a time when he could have aborted he could have turned back but he chose to continue right now investigators analyze the captain's every move and find that he allowed a small error to escalate and ultimately overwhelm him R positive climb Gear Up moments after liftoff Captain aam's air speed indicator appears to be working and then that means it's at odds but investigators suspect the gauge is responding to changes in altitude climb thrust as the plane climbs through the thinning atmosphere the air trapped inside the tube expands causing a buildup of pressure inside the cockpit this causes the air speed indicator needle to deflect even though altitude is causing the increase in pressure the sensors mistakenly read it as an increase in air speed so at this point the takeoff is St standard Captain aam may have had five separate sources of air speed to rely on but investigators noticed that when the trouble started he wasn't flying the plane Center autopilot on please Center autopilot has command thank you the autopilot was and unless the crew reconfigures it the autopilot gets its air speed information from only one source remember the autopilot gets its data only from the captain's PTO tube the one that was locked the data shows that the trouble on Bergen airflight 301 began when the autopilot took over right after the autopilot is engaged the plane's nose begins to rise investigators suspect that the crew didn't realize that the blocked Pito tube was feeding the autopilot faulty information the computer registered that the plane was traveling too fast and raised the nose to slow it down Rises to 15° then it stays there raising the nose works like an air bra it slows the plane by creating drag the autopilot is programmed to never bring the nose higher than about 15° any higher and the plane would slow down too much and stall the autopilot is a pretty smart guy he already knows he's got all the power that he's going to get for the clim the only thing for the autopilot to do is raise the nose and it raised the nose of the airplane to its limits of authority but the autopilot was reacting to faulty information moments later it sent out two different warnings brother Rao mock air that the plane was traveling too fast to be controlled safely and the airplane begins picking up warnings uh Rudder ratio a variety of things that the airplane is sensing problems okay there's something crazy here do you see it yes there is something crazy mine shows only 200 now and decreasing sir both of them are wrong investigators realized that Captain Adam wrongly concluded that both air speed indicators were malfunctioning in fact his first officer's gauge was always correct the plane was traveling much too slowly what can we do Captain AR no longer knows which instruments to trust let's check the circuit breakers as they uh saw these caution lights uh they decided they were going to start pulling some circuit breakers that would be rather strange the actions of trying to reset circuit breakers is something that uh Pilots of older Generations aircraft have learned via experience of sometimes being able to get an errant system uh back functional resetting the circuit breakers turns off the alarm but that needle continued to climb around the uh the clock lock face until it activated uh the uh overs speed warning the autopilot system sent yet another warning that the plane was traveling too fast but the reality was just the opposite the plane was slowing down at this point the over speed IND theator is on they're going slow they think they're going too fast and confusion is set in let's pull the air that's when Captain aam made the gravest ER of all you can see that he now pulls back on his thrs investigators realize that at the plan's already slow speed pulling back on the throttles was disastrous the crew got the most severe warning that a plane can send out and that's when he gets the STI he's got a tactile sense coming through his flight controls uh that literally shakes the stick and says you've got to lower this note in a matter of seconds Captain Adam was first warned that his plane was traveling too fast and then that it was traveling dangerously slowly they're in direct opposition of each other and two warnings that you would never expect to get one right behind the other the autopilot is programmed to always disconnect when the stick Shaker activates it's up to the pilot to get the plane out of a stall once the autopilot reached its limits of authority it said I've done all I can do I'm out of here when the autopilot disengaged Captain AEM suddenly found himself in control of the plane at the moment of his greatest confusion you watch the plane at the top of the screen the cockpit recordings lead investigators to a stunning conclusion AI Captain aare may not have recognize that his plane is about to stall but the relief pilot behind him did AI this additional pilot intervened to say ADI ADI in other words look at that ADI and put yourself where you would normally see the nose of the aircraft 5° nose High 10° so when the reserve pilot says ADI he is attempting to focus the captain's attention to roll and Pitch which are becoming problematic the relief pilot wanted Captain ADM to recognize that the plane's nose was pitched dangerously sky would investigators can hear first officer Gan trying to convey the same message nose down this point the first officer actually trying to lead the captain to some solutions but not actually take control of the airplane what the 757 desperately needed was air flow over the wings to generate lift the only way to get that was to point the nose down and dive what puzzles investigators is that the first officer had a control column identical to the captain he could have pushed it and brought the nose down himself he may have been able to save the plane but he didn't instead he and the other Turkish crew member continued offering suggestions to their more experienced but overwhelmed Captain the climing what am I to do he can level off our altitude's okay the recording shows that Captain Adam ignored valuable advice that could have saved the plane and in the Bergen a there's a case of a relatively Junior FIRST officer looking at one of the most senior captains on the airline it is not culturally appropriate for him to say I'm going to take the airplane away from you instead he tries to assist the captain to lead the captain but leave the captain in command other cultures other training other airlines uh may very well have required the first officer to physically take control of the airplane I I think the uh the social uh atmosphere uh in the cockpit will prevail uh to Revere uh age and experience to the point where it uh it can kill somebody and in this case it looks like it did the flight data recorder reveals that instead of pushing the nose down Captain ADM tried to get more speed from his engines at this point the crew goes to full power at the angle the plane was falling the engines couldn't get enough air applying full power was more than they could handle the left engine quit first with the right sided Full Throttle The Airliner swings around as though its left wing were caught on a branch the airplane goes into a classic full stall uh where the nose drops it falls on a wing uh which is now a very life-threatening condition the 757 itself makes the situation worse like many modern jets it uses a so-called swept Wing design the wings angle slightly backwards to reduce drag and increase fuel efficiency but the design has a downside one of the characteristics of swep wi Jets is they get less and less stable they're they're much harder to fly as they approach stall sir pull up what's happening happening to maintain control of a swep wi jet with no more altitude than they had in this condition is very very problematic and they are not successful and the airplane goes into the water investigators now know why Bergen airflight 301 crashed what they can't understand is why the flight ever left the ground 80 knots my air speed indicator is not working at 80 knots if the pilot and co-pilot's instruments disagree takeoff should be aborted investigators are troubled that the captain took off knowing he had malfunctioning instruments if something is not functioning correctly it doesn't matter what it is one should abort the takeoff at 80 knots this decision on the part of the captain has been criticized but there is a very short time window for this decision to be made members of the investigative team in Puerto platter try to find any clues that might explain why Captain ADM didn't abort his takeoff it was raining that night perhaps he was worried that he wouldn't be able to stop his speeding plane in time procedurally he's required to stop but high-speed aborted takeoffs are something that are very serious and that flight Crews train to avoid high-speed aborted takeoffs if possible and we certainly looked at the parameters of the runway to ensure that there was adequate runway in in that particular situation careful measurements are taken investigators conclude that at 80 knots when he first noticed the problem Captain adem had enough Runway left to bring his plane to a stop he could have aborted his t takeoff there's also the question of the hastily assembled crew investigators now wonder if the last minute nature of the crew's call could have influenced their decision to take off bergener uh started with a uh a crew that probably uh uh didn't expect to fly that night uh they didn't have adequate rest uh they got out to the aircraft and uh perhaps uh uh were rushed in some of their planning investigators consider the possibility that the crew who had been away from home for more than 2 weeks were simply too eager to get home 0831 thank you a good flight good flight good flight this is the homesick Factor where minor problems are ignored in order to get back home investigators will never know what was going through Captain Adam's mind when he opted to continue his takeoff in this case the airplane is accelerating rapidly enough the first officer responds B1 which is the commit to fly speed and by training now the decision window has closed they need to fly rotate and immediately thereafter in their airp once the plane was in the air it's blocked Pito tubes caused Captain AEM to make a series of critical mistakes but how were the tubes blocked in the first place in investigators will find that the deaths of 189 people was caused by something the size of a paper clip investigators now know that a blocked Pito tube led to a series of conflicting warnings that confounded flight 301's captain now they want to know how those same warnings would affect other Pilots we went to a flight simulator and in the simulator we tried to recreate the conditions of what happened on the night of February 6th 1996 gentlemen stand by the simulator showed investigators that an over speeed warning followed by a stick Shaker warning caused even the most seasoned Pilots to freeze the contradictory warnings were potentially dangerous when the stick Shaker activated it was very unnerving it's really overwhelming that would tell me that that uh MAA airp speed warning Horn uh combined with a stick Shaker was a tremendously mindboggling experience to a line pilot as a result the FAA issues a directive that simulator training for all airline pilots must include a blocked Pito tube scenario the flight crew within bergener was faced with a large number of warnings that kept coming and each warning added complexity to the environment there's a lot of warning lights going off this Captain is in a condition that is deteriorating now very rapidly so there is a dramatically increased Demand on the captain to fly airplane the FAA asks Boeing to change some of those warnings those changes include the addition of a new warning which tells both Pilots that their instruments disagree and the ability for Pilots to more easily silence Troublesome alarms finally Boeing modifies its planes so that Pilots can easily choose which Pito tube the autopilot is using for air speed readings all told more than 1,400 Boeing planes worldwide are affected by the new directives one final question remains what had blocked the pl's Pito tubes investigators conduct an extensive search for Bergen airflight 301's Pito tubes they are never found but at putto platter's airport they don't have to look far to find the likeliest suspect it's not ice and it's not dirt we know that the area around Puerto Plata uh has a lot of uh bees and wasps and uh and uh animals and birds and insects that that like to build nests one of the insects is well known to p flying out of the Dominican Republic It's called The Mud dorba wasp bug experts tell investigators about an extraordinary connection between the wasps and a Pito tube when a mud Dober is looking for an area to build its nest it's looking for a site a place that's more or less tubular when the mud dobers make their mud Nest the mud when it dries hardens and condenses it gets hard mud DBA wasps are squatters that make their nests in available places like crevices in homes or even the Pito tubes of ples that the plane was stopped for so long 25 days was enough time for any species of the mud Dober to build its nest in the pedo tubes investigators can only conclude that mud DBA wasps blocked the uncovered Pito tubes that fed the captain's air speed indicator which caused it to malfunction they didn't put covers on the pedo tubes so at some point in time extended time there was an opportunity to get something like a mud Dober uh in that P Tu investigators have their answer on February the 6th 1996 a tiny insect led to a series of mistakes that brought down an airplane and changed the design of the world's most successful series of airliners

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaydayAirDisaster [100 likes]: Have you heard of the Eurofighter Typhoon? This was said to be the most powerful military jet of all time! 🛩 Find out more in this full episode: https://bit.ly/3FC8Eg5
  2. @JamesSmith-tv4rn [2 likes]: 3rd video, it's crazy how a seasoned vet forgot how to pull out of a stall. Froze in fear
  3. @Faisal.4: I’ve watched several episodes where the captain made a mistake and the first officer didn’t step in. In cases like the Swiss accident, investigators didn’t describe it as a cultural or social issue. But in this third case, they comfortably did. Is this double standard? Or biased interpretation?Or racism? What the  heack man!
  4. @dandared6395: as a brit i appreciaye the understated: "sorry guys we fucked and likely die in 20 mins   love you all   lobe leeds utd   god bless all
  5. @GoforliveYT: Watching this before my flight to denver colorado 😢
  6. @FranGeiger: My mother was originally booked on USair flight 427 into Pittsburgh and got bumped to a flight one hour later.  When news broke of the crash, there was about a 45-minute window my family actually believed she was on that flight. It was only after she landed in Pittsburgh and called us that we found out she was switched off the flight that crashed at the gate with 3 other passengers with no reason ever given.
  7. @jimclip2012: That’s a long and excruciating way to go, those poor people.
  8. @TheFur1a: Falling from the sky episode what a great ending but it kind of reminded me to a Stephen King movie
  9. @emekaezimuoh1984: Ah the famous B737 and its deadly flaws
  10. @sheripacori2097: If peto tubes were super important for acurate readings and safe flying then why were they not checked or cleaned before take off? They were in a hurry to get home, but now they will never get home. Very sad that the most important checks are neglected.
  11. @DanDan-xj8ox: I refuse to fly DEI airlines.  No bueno...
  12. @jorgehernandez1490: "First female flight officer in uniteds history" yeah i think i know what went wrong. kidding! Sorry:)
  13. @madingthree: Oceanics dominance could bore fans
  14. @twitchpony8119: The animation at 11:50 has the plane rolling opposite the the way the rudder would make it go. Am I wrong? And why?
  15. @ShahzaibQazi-j1h: Good video
  16. @timboslice7635: Fucking adds joke
  17. @rishablal2547: People who watched Birgenair flight 301 😢
  18. @memine7396: Having lived in Colorado Springs for years and working for a major company that dealt with the airport. I can say I, 100 percent agree with the NTSB final findings on 585. Sadly I saw the scene and it was horrible!
  19. @godwinturyamureeba: Trust America  to beautifully build the aeroplanes, then only to discourage us from flying with  traumatic documentaries  about how deadly they are when  they lose control and crash, amazing this world is.
  20. @jameschandler7783: This show is incredible done…

- Captain Sully's Minute-by-Minute Description of The Miracle On The Hudson | Inc.: Kind: captions Language: en - January 15, 2009 started just like 10,000 other days, literally. And Flight 1549 initially, like all those other flights for so long, was completely routine and unremarkable for the first 100 seconds. But this very suddenly, and I was aware of it at the time, became the worst day of my life. (slow brooding music) We were traveling at that point 316 feet per second so I saw the birds about thee football field lengths ahead but not enough time to maneuver away from them. And then they filled the wind screen as if it were a Hitchcock film. And this was a large flock of large birds, The species Canada Geese, they weight eight or ten, sometimes 12 pounds. They have five foot or six foot wingspans. And they struck the airplane along the leading edges of the wings, the nose, and into the center, the core of both jet engines. Now jet engines are turbines. They're finely balanced machinery spinning at tens of thousands of revolutions per minute and having a ten pound object or two go through each of them, in the center of the core of the engine, is incredibly damaging and disruptive. Immediately, I could hear terrible noises from the machinery being damaged that I'd never heard in an airplane before. I could feel terrible vibrations I'd never felt on an airplane before. And then I received confirmation of what I believed had happened, what I could smell coming into the cabin air, the burning bird odor from the engines. And then the thrust loss was sudden, complete, symmetrical, bilaterally, both engines at once. It felt as if the bottom had fallen out of our world and my body responded immediately in a very normal human way to this sudden life-threatening stress. I was aware that as it happened. I could feel my pulse shoot up, my blood pressure spike, my perceptual field narrow in tunnel vision because of my stress. I remember vividly my first three conscious thoughts. This can't be happening. Having read about many accident flights, a very typical response rooted in disbelief. Followed immediately by this doesn't happen to me. In other words, for over four decades, I had never been so challenged in an airplane I doubted the outcome. Followed immediately by a realization that unlike all those other flights I'd had for 42 years, this one probably would not end on a runway with the aircraft undamaged. And I was okay with that as long as I could solve the problem. And so even though we'd never trained for this in our flight simulators or the airline it as not possible to practice a water landing, they aren't programmed for it. The only training we'd ever gotten for a water landing was a theoretical classroom discussion. But because I had learned my craft so well, I knew my airplane and my profession so intimately, I could set clear priorities. And so I chose to do only the highest priority items and then I had the discipline to ignore everything I did not have time to do as being only distractions and potential detriment to our performance. You see, I'm also well read and so I knew the neurobiology. I knew that multitasking is a myth. That when we think we're multitasking, what we are in fact doing is switching rapidly between tasks, not doing either of them well. And so I chose not to try to do too much. Within a few seconds, by memory I had taken the first two remedial actions that we would eventually get to on the checklist over a minute later, over a third of the way through the remaining flight time, but I needed those actions to be effective immediately and not to wait. I turned on the engine ignition so if the engines could recover, they would. And I started the airplane's auxiliary power unit. I knew it was only a matter of a few minutes before our flight path intersected the surface of the Earth. I had to choose the best possible place for that to happen. Having flown into New York many times, I knew that there were only three options. There were only two runways that might be reachable. It turned out with reaction time, they were not. And the only other place in the entire New York metro area, one of the most densely developed areas on the planet, where it might be possible to even try landing a large jet airliner would be the Hudson River. I suspected early on that's where we would end up but I knew I had to try to consider at least returning to a runway if it was possible. I took control of the aircraft, made one distress call, worked with the aircraft controller, considered returning to LaGuardia, decided it was unreachable, considered trying to reach the Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, across the river, decided that was not reachable either, and told the controller we were going to be in the Hudson. He told me later he was shocked, in disbelief, and he assumed that by choosing that path, that we would all perish and it as an agonizing 45 minutes until he found out that everyone had survived. Our First Officer, Jeff Skiles, I couldn't have had a better colleague that day or since. In a situation where the time pressure and the workload were so intense, we didn't have time even to talk about what had happened and what we should do about it. He and I were able to collaborate wordlessly by knowing intuitively in this developing crisis what we should do to help the other, based on our own long experience. Had Jeff not also had 20,000 hours of flying time like I did, had he not been a captain before, had he not been so experienced, he wouldn't have known either to do that or how to do that. So he made an important suggestion at several points in the flight. He was silently cheering me on as I made each decision but ready to intervene, to check my performance if he thought I was making an error. I had a chance to make only announcement in the cabin and before I made what I knew would be the most important PA announcement of my life, I took what was probably an extravagant amount of time, three or four seconds to choose my words very carefully before I spoke. I wanted to sound confident, not agitated, because I knew that courage can be contagious. And I chose specific words for specific reasons. Fortunately, we have the advantage of having a very well defined and very concise aviation vocabulary, in which there are certain single words that are rich with meaning. Brace is such a word. It signals to the cabin crew, the flight attendants, that an emergency landing is imminent and that they should help the passengers avoid injury during the landing so that they'll be able to evacuate by shouting their commands to the passengers. And in the spur of the moment, I chose another word to give the passengers and crew in the cabin alike a vivid image, a word picture of what to expect, that without engine thrust, we were using gravity to provide the forward motion in the airplane. We were descending the equivalent in a hotel elevator descending at two floors per second. So I knew it was going to be a hard landing. I just didn't know how hard because Jeff and I had never practiced this before. So I chose the word impact to give them that vivid image. I said "this is the Captain. "Brace for impact." And immediately even through that armored cockpit door, I could hear the two flight attendants in front, Donna and Sheila, and I'm sure Doreen in the back was doing the same, begin shouting their commands in unison to the passengers. "Brace, brace, brace. "Heads down, stay down." Hearing those words that day encouraged me. It comforted me to know that by saying the few words I had, but choosing the right words, I had literally gotten my crew on the same page and that if I could find a way to deliver this aircraft to the surface intact, it would float long enough for the flight attendants to evacuate the passengers and for New York Waterway to send their ferries to pick us out of their water and that was critically important on such a cold day. The air temperature was 21, the water about 38. Right before the landing, I asked Jeff Skiles a question. I said got any ideas? Some think that was a flippant remark but it was not at all. It was just an indication of how deeply internalized these team skills are that I used to teach. I was saying to him, and he understood in context exactly what I meant, I've done everything I can think of that can help us. Are there any other actions that we can take, that you can think of, that would help us succeed, even by a fraction? And Jeff's answer was actually not. And he answered just like that. Not at all because he was being insouciant or not because he was resigned to an ineluctable fate. Far from it. We were fighting to save every life to the very end. He answered that way because he knew we'd done all we could. The fact that we could have that exchange just before the emergency landing of a lifetime is one of the more remarkable things about this flight and this crew and our diligence, our dedication to never give up. Just try to save every life. To do everything we possible could. And then finally, as we were approaching the water, again Jeff collaborated with me wordlessly. He knew that the final critical maneuver was for me to try to judge visually, looking at this featureless water train ahead, where depth perception's inherently difficult, the height at which to begin raising the nose, to begin the landing, to trade some of our forward motion for a reduced rate of descent and touch down and to achieve the proper slightly nose-up attitude as we touched the water. So Jeff began to call out to me air speed and altitude as I was looking at the water ahead to help me judge that critical height. And we were coming down so rapidly, if I misjudged any of them by a fraction, we might start too soon and get too slow and hit hard or start too late and descend into the water too rapidly in the wrong attitude. As we hit, we hit hard. But the deceleration, well, our rapid was uniform. And based upon the forces that Jeff and I felt in the cockpit as slowed to the stop, it as obvious that the airplane was intact, it was stable, it was floating, and people were probably still okay at that point. And in the most amazing coincidence, Jeff and I turned to each other at that moment, in the same time, using the same words, said "well that wasn't as bad as I thought". But we weren't high-fiving. We still had to get 155 people out of an airplane taking on water in a river in January. I opened the cockpit door and shouted one word, "evacuate". The evacuation went fairly quickly. Passengers and crew worked together to help out an elderly woman who had been boarded in a wheelchair. They helped a young family of four, including a mother with a nine-month old child. And by the time I left the airplane as the last one off, the New York Waterway ferries were all around us and the rescue was well underway. But it was an agonizing four hours until I finally received word officially that everyone was accounted for and only then were my immediate duties completed when everyone was safe. (somber music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @dudehead456 [15 likes]: Courage can be contagious. Such a powerful statement
  2. @rbnzo25 [9 likes]: Superhero
  3. @Millie-xs2ht [9 likes]: Huge shout out to the traffic controllers too…stayed calm and brought in all necessary help calmly and professionally
  4. @MikeRosoftJH [8 likes]: Accident final report - US Airways Flight 1549: 

"The National Transportation Safety Board determines that the probable cause of this accident was the ingestion of large birds into each engine, which resulted in an almost total loss of thrust in both engines and the subsequent ditching on the Hudson River. Contributing to the fuselage damage and resulting unavailability of the aft slide/rafts were (1) the Federal Aviation Administration’s approval of ditching certification without determining whether pilots could attain the ditching parameters without engine thrust, (2) the lack of industry flight crew training and guidance on ditching techniques, and (3) the captain’s resulting difficulty maintaining his intended airspeed on final approach due to the task saturation resulting from the emergency situation.

Contributing to the survivability of the accident was (1) the decision-making of the flight crewmembers and their crew resource management during the accident sequence; (2) the fortuitous use of an airplane that was equipped for an extended overwater flight, including the availability of the forward slide/rafts, even though it was not required to be so equipped; (3) the performance of the cabin crewmembers while expediting the evacuation of the airplane; and (4) the proximity of the emergency responders to the accident site and their immediate and appropriate response to the accident."
  5. @richardharrold4357 [8 likes]: You and the crew successfully saved everyone. People call this accident "the miracle on the Hudson." The miracle is the crew of the aircraft. This was perfect!
  6. @TimTom112 [7 likes]: The type of person who should be president
  7. @chivaem1370 [7 likes]: HERO
  8. @stevenglock [6 likes]: I’m surprised it didn’t sink despite holding his heavy brass balls
  9. @ileahmoore-sb8sz [6 likes]: God Bless you ❤❤❤❤🙏🙏🙏
I do have a question, did you pray for God's help as you were flying the plane? Of course I realize you were completely focused on the task. Did you feel any sense of calm overtaking you? It was such an obvious miracle. I remember thinking how odd the plane hit the geese, but it seemed the energy of the geese landed that plane on water just as they land so superbly on water......interesting ❤ 12:22
  10. @Ayyyyyyyeeeeeee [6 likes]: Hero
  11. @AleksandraSwiszcz [6 likes]: Just speechless ❤❤❤❤
  12. @solgoddess2283 [5 likes]: He’s unreal!!! Read his book if you get the chance to! ❤
  13. @mystarling2123 [4 likes]: Sully is a hero!
  14. @rockyraccoon3630 [3 likes]: Any time I hear a broad brag about being a great multi-tasker...I answer with what Sully said here.
  15. @mystarling2123 [3 likes]: Yes, both sully n skiles r heroes!
  16. @mreza84 [2 likes]: The captain and first officer two great heroes along with the crews as well
  17. @DiegoArmandoVillaSchumm [2 likes]: Yo, le tengo miedo a volar.  Pero, esta es la clase de Capitán que me encantaría que estuviera al mando la próxima vez que tome un avión.
  18. @ayedee6709 [2 likes]: White excellence
  19. @brendanhenning1883: What an absolute legend
  20. @ArlindBakuj: This was super helpful, thanks!

- Extreme Ownership | Jocko Willink | TEDxUniversityofNevada: Kind: captions Language: en Reviewer: Denise RQ War is a nightmare. War is awful. It is indifferent, and devastating, and evil. War is hell. But war is also an incredible teacher, a brutal teacher. And it teaches you lessons that you will not forget. In war, you are forced to see humanity at its absolute worst, and you are also blessed to see humanity in its most glorious moments. War teaches you about sorrow, and loss, and pain. And it teaches you about the preciousness and the fragility of human life. And in that fragility, war teaches you about death. But war also teaches you about brotherhood, and honor, and humility, and leadership. And unfortunately, war teaches you the most when things go wrong. And for me, one of the most impactful lessons that I learned from war was in the spring of 2006 in the city of Ramadi, Iraq, which at the time, was the epicenter of the insurgency where brutal and determined terrorists ruled the streets with torture and rape and murder. It was in one neighborhood of that city during an operation that I was in charge of when all hell broke loose. We had multiple units out on the battlefield fighting the enemy. We had friendly Iraqi soldiers, we had US Army soldiers and US Marines, along with small elements of my SEAL team. And then the fog of war rolled in with its confusion, and chaos, and mayhem, and with its gunfire, and enemy attacks, and screaming men, and blood, and death; and in that fog of war, through a series of mistakes, and human error, and poor judgment, and Murphy's law, and just plain bad luck, a horrendous fire fight broke out. But this fire fight wasn't between us and the enemy; this fire fight, tragically, was between us and us, friendly forces against friendly forces; fratricide - the mortal sin of combat and the most horrific part of war. And when it was over, and the fog of war lifted, one friendly Iraqi soldier was dead, two more were wounded, one of my men was wounded, the rest of my SEALs were badly shaken, and it was only through a miracle that no one else was killed. And it was reported up the chain of command what had happened. That we had fought, and wounded, and killed each other. And when we got back to base, things didn't get much better. There was a message waiting for me from my commanding officer, and it said, "Shut down all operations." It said that the commanding officer, the master chief, and the investigating officer were inbound to my location. And they told me to prepare a debrief to explain exactly what had happened on the operation and what had gone wrong. Now, I knew what this meant. It meant that somebody had to pay. It meant that somebody had to be held accountable. It meant that somebody had to get fired for what had happened. So, I began to prepare my debrief. And in it, I detailed every mistake that was made and who made it. And I pointed out every failure in the planning, and the preparation, and the execution in the operation, and I pointed out who was responsible for that failure. There was plenty of blame to go around. There were so many people that I could incriminate with guilt. But something wasn't right. For some reason, I just couldn't put my finger on who was at fault and who specifically I should blame for what had happened. And I sat, and I went over it again and again, and I struggled for an answer. And then, when I was about ten minutes from starting the debrief, that answer came, and it hit me like a slap in the face. And I realized that there was only one person to blame for the confusion, only one person to blame for the wounded men, and only one person to blame for the dead Iraqi soldier. And I knew exactly who that person was. And with that knowledge, I walked into the debriefing room with my commanding officer and the master chief, were sitting there waiting for me, along with the rest of my men, including my SEAL who had been wounded, who was sitting in the back of the room with his head and his face all bandaged up. And I stood up before them, and I asked them one simple question, "Who's fault was this?" One of my SEALs raised his hand. And he said, "It was my fault. I didn't keep control of the Iraqi soldiers I was with. And they left their designated sector, and that was the root of all these problems." And I said, "No, it wasn't your fault." And then another SEAL raised his hand and said, "It was my fault. I didn't pass our location over the radio fast enough so no one knew what building we were in, and that's what caused all this confusion. It was my fault." And I said, "No, it wasn't your fault either." And then another SEAL raised his hand, and he said, "Boss, this was my fault. I didn't properly identify my target, and I shot and killed that friendly Iraqi soldier. This was my fault." And I said, "No, this wasn't your fault either. And it wasn't yours, or yours, or yours," I said as I pointed to the rest of the SEALs in the room. And then I told them at fault for what had happened. There was only one person to blame. And that person was me. I am the commander, I am the senior man on the battlefield, and I am responsible for everything that happens; everything. And then I went on to explain to them some new tactics, techniques, and procedures that we were going to implement to ensure that this kind of travesty never happened again. And I will tell you something: it hurt. It hurt my ego. It hurt my pride to take the blame. But I also knew, I knew that to maintain my integrity as a leader and as a man, I had to take responsibility. And in order to do that, I had to control my ego so that my ego did not control me. And you know what? I didn't get fired. In fact, my commanding officer, who had expected excuses and finger-pointing, when I took responsibility, when I took ownership, he now trusted me even more. And my men didn't lose respect for me. Instead, they realized that I would never shirk responsibility, and I would never pass that heavy burden of command down the chain and onto them. They had the same attitude. Unlike a team where no one takes ownership of the problems, and therefore, the problems never get solved, with us, everyone took ownership of their mistakes, everyone took ownership of the problems. And when a team takes ownership of it's problems, the problems get solved. And that is true on the battlefield, it is true in business, and it is true in life. So I say, take ownership; take extreme ownership. Don't make excuses, don't blame any other person or any other thing. Get control of your ego. Don't hide your delicate pride from the truth. Take ownership of everything in your world, the good and the bad. Take ownership of your mistakes, take ownership of your shortfalls, take ownership of your problems, and then take ownership of the solutions that will get those problems solved. Take ownership of your mission. Take ownership of your job, of your team, of your future, and take ownership of your life. And lead. Lead. Lead yourself, and your team, and the people in your life; lead them all to victory. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @WVWASP [4 likes]: Showed this to my dog. He’s a wolf now. 

*couldn’t find this comment from years ago so typed it again.
  2. @jas9991 [2 likes]: My wife watched this… she’s now my son’s father
  3. @arnavborse5944 [1 likes]: Thankyou Jocko sir, I am going to read your book and I am definitely going to take extreme ownership of my actions and everything that happens with me.
  4. @DeniseSkinner-z9d: The truth will set us all free
  5. @marceloventura672: Probably the best TED talk we will ever see
  6. @TheMuslimRedPill: the guy got psyoped to go invade a country that did not do nothing and comes out with his loud voice to give lessons… f…off
  7. @ambarish96: I take complete and extreme ownership of myself, my life, my career, my family, the whole world and the whole milky way galaxy. - Ambarish R. ❤
  8. @joannalewis5279: It had nothing to do with me
  9. @dornish: Fucjjjjin popooooisssiiiii
  10. @turingmachine7905: X-Treme! Do the Dew!
  11. @JoshChucklet: Someone once said that anything before the word “but” doesn’t count
  12. @voohuoo: After listening to Jocko, i went to the teacher ask him out of class
  13. @robertmiller8110: Free testosterone increased their Jocko levels after this video.
  14. @ericnathanguel: A timeless message.
  15. @DavidHahn-m3e: Yes it is
  16. @TrpinEmanuel: Qué Sherpa vio este video ?
  17. @socram2208: 13 minutes and I didn't even blink... Best TED Talk ever.💪🏼
  18. @Mar-ww3yl: This guy looks like Jinxi but older
  19. @Kamal0625: In today’s world. We need to hear this.
  20. @Terryterrysanti: Funny I was once told that  jocko was a nickname,  when i asked him,he never confirmed or denied it ^.^

- How All Passengers Survived the Miracle on the Hudson: Kind: captions Language: en January 2009, US Airways Flight 1549 departs New York's LaGuardia Airport. There are 150 passengers on board bound for Charlotte, North Carolina. The aircraft took off uneventfully. And very shortly after takeoff they lost all engines as a result of birds. I caught something out of the corner of my eye and slightly to our right, but still ahead of us was a line of-- Birds. And they were very, very close, too close for us to maneuver around. Whoa! NARRATOR: After quickly assessing the situation, Captain Sully Sullenberger and first officer Jeffrey Skiles realized that without engine power they're not going to make it to any nearby airport. We're going to be in the Hudson. Brace for impact. Stay down! You need to be aware of your brace position. And in many, many accidents, the cabin crew are trying desperately to get the passengers into the brace position. But because the passengers haven't read the safety features card, they don't know what that means. Get your heads down and stay down. NARRATOR: Proper brace position is knees together, feet flat on the floor, body bend as far forward as possible with arms wrapped under the legs or braced against the seat in front of you. Your body's going to be thrown forward, so if you can get yourself into that position before hand, the amount of movement back and forth is going to be reduced, and the level of injury will be less. NARRATOR: In the cabin, the passengers prepare for the inevitable. All the passengers really started pulling together. And somebody yelled out as we were going down-- Be ready at the doors! The folks at the door says, we're ready. Brace. NARRATOR: Clay Presley does what all passengers should, he stays calm and tries to think ahead. So I started thinking about, if we're going to crash, I know I need to figure out where the exit rows are. If the water comes in, you need to be able to hold your breath long enough to get to those four or five rows in and get the doors open if you can. NARRATOR: But before anyone can escape, they must first survive a high speed impact. Looked like the airplane was going right for the bottom of the Hudson River. Then the airplane popped up. And it was just sort of gently rocking in the waves. NARRATOR: In an instant, the $75 million plane has become an unlikely boat floating down the Hudson River. It's now filling with freezing water. That water was cold. It was very cold, so your feet are freezing. You land in the Hudson in the middle of the winter, the water is going to be very cold and you're going to suffer from hypothermia very quickly. Their feet in their hands will get numb. They're going to be useless. NARRATOR: Passengers nearest the exits open the doors. I just jumped up very quickly and started making my way to the emergency door. And so I worked my way out onto the wing just a few steps to start with. Fortunately, they have slide rafts rather than just slides. So what they were able to do was evacuate passengers into the slide rafts. NARRATOR: In the end, all 150 passengers and the entire crew flight 1549 are brought to safety. Another example of how serious aviation accidents often end well.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VictorTucker-o6h [1 likes]: The rosary was prayed in that flight by more than one person and by people on the ground for safe travels.
  2. @yoyo8303 [1 likes]: Those people ll never fly again
  3. @TheWizZzardOzZz: What I don't understand is how the plane floated there.
  4. @Dhruv-q6o: 😊😊😊
  5. @Dhruv-q6o: Inspiring Harvard University 😊😊😊
  6. @BozGoldy-mw7un: So what you’re telling me is that the Hudson is filled with so much gross sewage that you can land a plane on it!
  7. @madramosc1: In the beginning The NSTB gave Sully a hard time because they claimed the simulator tests suggested the plane could have made it back to LaGuardia. But he pushed back claiming that simulators did not account for real world human reaction time, also, the pilots in the simulators knew what was coming. 
When the NTSB re-ran the simulations with realistic human delay time (about 30–35 seconds), the return attempts failed — confirming that ditching was the safest option.
  8. @liamchannel25: Im sorry but, why is there a middle window?
  9. @lolabunny1157: I know that water was freezing in January! I’m so glad everybody survived.
  10. @lolabunny1157: Wow! Birds were the cause of this incident.
  11. @SunnyMC47: it really is incomprehensible just how insane it is noone died, one of the greatest feats of modern times
  12. @FamicomLife: The "only" plane in aviation history who has successfully 
Landed on water and all survived......flight 1549!!!!!


🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡 I salute:
Entire crew of 1549, passengers who were ready to get doors open and all rescue crews, ferries and small boats who rushed to floating plane.


🪖 Army veteran
  13. @trwent: If they had tried to go back to Laguardia they would have likely crashed in the city and killed/injured a lot of people in buildings and/or on the ground, plus probably killed everyone on the plane.
  14. @zteamvideo2561: Actual above ground heroes... They are rare but exist!!! God speed out there ✌️👼🤟
  15. @asterope1959: Its not miracle bro, it is the talent of pilots
  16. @nicolen.4538: Just so so amazing this miracle everyone made it out ok. Amazing
  17. @TheSomeguy1989: WAKE ME UP!
  18. @maliyaaaaaa: I like how they say at the end that this is an example of how serious aviation accidents often end well, while simultaneously referring to it as the “miracle” on the Hudson 😂😂😂
  19. @nightowl6260: Heros and heroines all around.
  20. @joejarecki-bf8nv: Oh oh I know how they all survived our president trump made sure everyone was ok and they were !

- Black CEO Denied First Class Seat — 12 Minutes Later, He Grounds the Plane and Fires the Pilot: Kind: captions Language: en Captain Morrison, we need you up front now. Jessica's panicked voice over the intercom made 147 passengers look up from their phones. Something was wrong in first class. Very wrong. Marcus Williams hadn't moved from seat 2A in 12 minutes. Not when Jessica demanded his real ticket. Not when she called him a fraud. Not when other passengers started filming his removal. He just sat there checking his paddock philipe watch waiting. "Sir, you're holding up this entire flight," Jessica said, her voice shaking now. "The captain is coming." Marcus smiled, the kind of smile that made Jessica's blood run cold. "I know." His phone buzzed. A text from someone called legal team. "Everything ready, sir. Just give us the word. The stories we tell ourselves about strangers. The real life stories that shatter assumptions. These touching stories remind us that black stories often hide the most shocking truths. Life stories that change everything. Have you ever misjudged someone so completely that it destroyed your entire world? Captain Derek Morrison appeared like a storm cloud, his gold stripes catching the cabin light. 23 years of flying had taught him one truth. Problem passengers needed immediate decisive action. Jessica, what's happening here? His voice carried the weight of absolute authority. This man, Jessica pointed at Marcus, has been sitting in first class for 20 minutes. He won't show proper ID. He's been aggressive. Morrison studied Marcus. expensive suit, calm posture, hands folded. Nothing screamed threat. But Jessica's voice was shaking, and she'd never lied to him before. Sir, I'm Captain Morrison. I understand there's been some confusion about your seat assignment. Marcus lifted his boarding pass without a word. Southwest Airlines flight 2847, seat 2A. Morrison examined it closely. Everything looked legitimate. Everything looked legit. "This appears to be in order," Morrison said slowly. "It's fake," Jessica whispered, but her voice carried through the cabin. "Captain, look at him. Really look. Does he belong in first class?" Emma Morgan's live stream viewer count hit 8,000. Comments exploded. Did she just say that? This is insane. Southwest about to get sued. Morrison felt the weight of 147 passengers watching him. The businessman in 1C tapped his watch impatiently. The couple in 2C whispered behind their hands. A teenager in 4 A held up her phone recording everything. Ma'am, I need you to explain what you mean by that. Morrison said carefully. You know what I mean? Jessica's voice cracked. People like him don't usually fly first class. He probably bought this ticket from some sketchy website. People like me. Marcus spoke for the first time since Morrison arrived. His voice was quiet, controlled. Dangerous. Don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about. Jessica snapped. I see hundreds of passengers every day. I know who belongs where. Emma's phone was shaking in her hands. Her live stream now had 15,000 viewers. Someone had started Southwest discrimination hashtag. Local news stations were messaging her frantically. Gate announces final boarding in 10 minutes. The intercom crackled. Sir, Morrison said, I'm going to need additional identification. Driver's license, credit card, something to verify this ticket. Marcus reached into his jacket. Morrison intensed, "You never knew with problem passengers." But Marcus only pulled out a wallet. Expensive leather European made. Inside a black American Express Centurion card, the kind Morrison had only seen in magazines. The kind that required a $10,000 0 annual fee just to own. Morrison's confidence wavered. This is This is a very exclusive card. Yes, Marcus said simply. It is, but that doesn't explain how you got first class, Jessica interjected. Those seats cost $800. You probably used miles or some upgrade trick. I paid full price, Marcus replied. This morning at 6:43 a.m., Morrison felt something cold settle in his stomach. The specificity was unsettling. Most passengers couldn't remember exactly when they'd booked their flights. 9 minutes to departure. Captain, Jessica said, other passengers are complaining. They paid good money for a comfortable flight. This situation is making everyone uncomfortable. She was right. The businessman in 1C was openly staring now. The woman in 3D had her phone out, clearly recording. The tension in the cabin was palpable. "Sir," Morrison said, "I'm going to ask you to deplain voluntarily. We can sort this out at the gate with customer service." "No." The word cut through the cabin like a blade. Morrison had heard that tone before from passengers who ended up in handcuffs. I beg your pardon. I said, "No, Captain Morrison. I'm not deplaning. I'm not moving. I'm staying in my assigned seat until this aircraft reaches Phoenix." Jessica's face went red. That's it. I'm calling security. You're trespassing. 8 minutes to departure. Jessica, make the call. Morrison said he'd had enough. This passenger was clearly unstable, possibly dangerous. Marcus checked his watch. A paddic Phipe that cost more than Morrison's annual salary. Captain, before you do that, I have a question. Are you familiar with Federal Aviation Regulation 91.11? Morrison paused. That was specific. Very specific. It deals with crew authority during flight operations. The interstate violations in interstate commerce. Sir, are you threatening legal action? I'm asking if you understand the legal framework you're currently operating under. Emma's live stream exploded past 30,000 viewers. The comments were a blur of outrage. This is 2024 and we're still doing this. Get this racist crew fired. I'm recording this for the news. 7 minutes to departure. Morrison's radio crackled. Captain Morrison, this is ground security. We're boarding for a passenger removal. Copy that, Morrison replied. But something in Marcus's expression made him hesitate. Captain, Marcus said softly. I think you should know something before those officers arrive. Why? This conversation is being recorded by at least 12 devices. Your crew member has made several statements that could be construed as discriminatory under federal law. And in about 30 seconds, you're going to receive a phone call that will change everything. Morrison felt his mouth go dry. What kind of call? Marcus smiled. Not angry, not smug, just knowing. The kind that ends careers, Captain. The kind that makes headlines. The kind that changes companies forever. As if on Q, Morrison's phone buzzed. The caller ID showed Southwest Operation Center. Urgent. Marcus leaned back in his seat. You might want to answer that. Morrison's phone buzzed against his ear. Captain Morrison, this is Southwest Operations. We're monitoring social media. Your flight has 42,000 live viewers. Handle this quietly and quickly. 42,000 people watching his every move. Morrison wiped sweat from his forehead as two airport security officers boarded Janet Kim and Mike Rodriguez, both carrying restraints. "What's the situation?" Kim asked, surveying the cabin. Jessica pointed at Marcus with a shaking finger. "This passenger has been disruptive for 30 minutes. He's threatening crew members and refusing to move to economy where he belongs." Marcus remained perfectly still, handsfolded in his lap. The only movement was his eyes, tracking every person, every camera, every witness. Sir, Kim addressed Marcus. We need you to come with us voluntarily. I'm in my assigned seat with a valid boarding pass, Marcus replied. I'm not going anywhere. Rodriguez stepped closer, hand moving to his zip ties. Sir, you're interfering with aircraft operations. Federal offense. Last warning. 6 minutes to departure. The gate agent announced over the intercom. Emma's live stream chat exploded. This is insane. Sue them all. Call every news station. Make this viral. The businessman in 1C finally lost his patience. Captain, I paid premium prices to avoid exactly this kind of situation. I have a connecting flight in Phoenix. Other first class passengers murmured agreement. The woman in 2D held her phone higher, making sure she captured every angle. A teenager in 4A live streamed to her Tik Tok followers. Sir, Kim said to Marcus, "This is your final opportunity to comply voluntarily." Marcus looked at his expensive watch, a gesture that everyone now interpreted as defiance. "Officers, before you proceed, I have one question. We're not here for questions," Rodriguez snapped. "Are you familiar with the legal ramifications of unlawful detention?" Kim hesitated. "That was lawyer language. specific technical lawyer language. You're trespassing, Morrison interjected. Southwest Airlines has the absolute right to remove any passenger for any reason. Actually, Marcus said, reaching slowly for his briefcase. Let me clarify something about those rights. These rights, Rodriguez tensed. No sudden movements. I'm retrieving documentation that you requested, Marcus said calmly. 5 minutes to departure. Morrison's radio crackled. Captain Morrison operations. CNN is calling our media line. Fox News is requesting comment. We need immediate resolution. National news coverage. Morrison felt his career prospects crumbling in real time. But Jessica had never been wrong about problem passengers before. Never. What documentation? Kim asked suspiciously. the kind that explains why forcibly removing me would end all of your careers," Marcus replied. Jessica's voice rose to near hysteria. "He's been threatening us the entire time. He won't show proper ID. Look at him. Does he look like he belongs in first class?" "Ma'am," Kim said carefully. What specific threats did he make? Said there would be consequences. He keeps timing everything on his watch. He's planning something. Emma's viewer count hit 55,000. Major news outlets were sliding into her DMs. Her phone buzzed constantly with interview requests. 4 minutes to departure. Morrison made his decision. Officers, remove him. 147 passengers can't be held hostage by one individual. Rodriguez stepped forward, restraints ready. Sir, stand up slowly and place your hands behind your back. Marcus didn't move. Instead, he asked, "Captain Morrison, how long have you been flying for Southwest?" "23 years." Morrison answered automatically, then caught himself. "That's irrelevant, Officer Rodriguez. How long have you worked airport security?" "8 years. Why does that matter? because in 30 seconds you'll both need to explain to your supervisors why you detained the wrong person. Morrison's radio erupted with static. Captain Morrison, emergency. We have developing situation. Standby for executive level instructions. Do not proceed with passenger removal until further notice. Executive level. That meant corporate headquarters. That meant people Morrison had never met but who controlled his entire career. "Sir," Rodriguez said, "you're under arrest for 3 minutes to departure." Marcus finally stood. The entire cabin held its breath. Every phone focused on him. officers, he said quietly, 20 years from now, you'll train new personnel about this moment, about the importance of asking the right questions before taking action. He reached into his briefcase with deliberate slowness. This time, no one stopped him. Marcus withdrew a leather document folder, expensive, embossed with a logo most people wouldn't recognize. He opened it carefully. Before you arrest me, he said, "Perhaps you should see my identification." Kim extended her hand reluctantly. Marcus handed her a business card. Kim read it. Her face went chalk white. She showed Rodriguez, whose eyes widened in shock. "What does it say?" Morrison demanded, his voice cracking. Kim's whisper was barely audible. Marcus Williams, board member, Southwest Airlines. board member. Not CEO, board member. High enough to destroy careers, but not so high that it seemed impossible. Jessica's face crumpled. That That can't be real. Board members don't fly commercial. 2 minutes to departure. Morrison's radio crackled with a different voice. Older, more authoritative. Captain Morrison, this is Senior Vice President Davidson. We are aware of the situation on flight 2847. Take no further action against the passenger in seat 2A. Corporate is handling this directly. Senior vice president Morrison had never spoken to anyone that high in the company hierarchy. Marcus sat back down smoothing his suit jacket. Captain Morrison, I believe you had some concerns about my documentation. Morrison felt 23 years of flying evaporating before his eyes. "Sir, we the crew had no way of knowing." "That's precisely the point," Marcus said softly. "You assumed, your crew assumed, and now 60,000 people have watched those assumptions play out in real time." Emma's live stream had indeed reached 60,000 viewers. The comments were a blur of shock and vindication. Board member, they're so fired. Justice is served. This is the best thing I've ever seen. Screenshot everything. Rodriguez backed away slowly, his restraints forgotten. Kim stared at the business card like it contained nuclear codes. Jessica began hyperventilating. The weight of her words recorded, livereamed, witnessed by thousands, crashed down on her. It was one minute to departure. But nobody was thinking about departure anymore. The entire cabin was focused on the quiet man in seat 2A, who had just revealed himself to be one of the most powerful people in the company. Marcus checked his watch one final time. "I believe," he said. We have some important matters to discuss, Taylor demanded. The implications hung in the recycled air like a storm cloud waiting to break. Silence crashed over the cabin like a physical force. Marcus Williams, board member, sat in seat two. A while 60,000 people watched the cruise world collapse in real time. Morrison stared at the business card in Kim's trembling hands. Board member. The words didn't compute. Board members didn't fly commercial. They had private jets, executive assistants, security details. Sir, Morrison whispered. If you're on the board, why didn't you identify yourself immediately? Marcus looked up and for the first time something flickered in his eyes. not anger, something deeper. Captain, why should I have to prove who I am to sit in a seat I paid for? The question hit like a sledgehammer. Morrison realized he'd never ask that of a white passenger ever. I We follow protocol. Whose protocol says black men in expensive suits are suspicious? The word hung in the air. Black. He'd said it. the thing everyone was thinking but no one would voice. Jessica's sobbing intensified. She understood now. This wasn't just a customer service failure. This was a civil rights incident. Recorded live streamed permanent. Emma's chat exploded. He said it calling out the racism. This is history. 90k viewers. Holy Marcus reached for his tablet again, but this time his hands weren't quite steady. The calm facade was cracking. "Officer Rodriguez," Marcus said. "In your 8 years of security work, how many white passengers have you restrained for sitting quietly in first class?" "Sir, I that's not how many none. How many black passengers?" Rodriguez couldn't answer. The mathematics of bias were undeniable. Marcus tapped his tablet. A new screen appeared. Not an organizational chart, but a video call. Live. The Southwest Airlines boardroom appeared with six executives staring directly into the camera. Marcus, a woman's voice from the tablet. We're watching the live stream. Are you all right? The crew's faces went ashen. This wasn't just any board member. This was someone the other executives called by his first name. Someone they were worried about. I'm fine, Patricia. Marcus replied, though, I think Captain Morrison and his crew have some explaining to do. Morrison realized with horror that the entire Southwest Airlines executive team was watching this unfold live in real time. Captain Morrison, the woman on the screen said, "This is Patricia Watkins, senior vice president of operations. Would you care to explain why our chairman is being threatened with arrest on his own airline?" "Chairman, not board member, chairman of the board." Morrison felt his knees buckle. Jessica collapsed into a passenger seat, hyperventilating. Rodriguez actually dropped his restraints, the plastic clattering on the cabin floor. Ma'am, Morrison stammered. We had no identification. The crew reported. The crew reported what exactly? Another voice from the tablet. Older male authoritative. This is CO Jordan. I want a precise explanation of why my chairman was treated like a criminal. Emma's viewer count hit 100,000. Her phone was burning hot. News alerts were popping up on social media faster than she could read them. Marcus turned the tablet toward Jessica. Ms. Martinez, would you like to explain to CEO Jordan what you told me about people like me? Jessica couldn't speak, couldn't breathe. The weight of having the entire executive team watch her discrimination in real time was crushing her. Sir Kim found her voice. We were responding to crew reports of a disruptive passenger. Officer Kim. The co's voice cut through the cabin. We have footage from multiple angles. Mr. Williams was sitting quietly reading documents. What exactly was disruptive about his behavior? the flight attendant said. The flight attendant assumed, Marcus interrupted, and now his voice carried an edge. She assumed I didn't belong. She assumed my ticket was fake. She assumed I was aggressive. Every assumption based on one thing. He paused, letting the weight of that truth settle. My appearance. The cabin was dead silent, except for Jessica's ragged breathing. Marcus tapped the tablet again. A different screen appeared. Internal Southwest communications. Realtime messages between executives. Legal department mobilizing. PR crisis team activated. Stock price monitoring initiated. Discrimination. Lawsuit potential. Hi ladies and gentlemen. Marcus addressed the cabin. What you're witnessing is how quickly assumptions become lawsuits. How bias becomes headlines. How prejudice becomes stock price drops. Morrison, this is Tower Control. We have 17 news vans at Phoenix Sky Harbor. The FAA is requesting incident reports. Complete your departure immediately. 17 news vans. This was no longer an airline incident. It was a national story. Captain Seo Jordan's voice from the tablet. You will complete this flight. Mr. Williams will remain in his seat. The seat he paid for. Upon arrival, you will report directly to corporate headquarters. Yes, sir. Mrs. Martinez, you will say nothing further to passengers or crew. HR will meet you at the gate. Jessica nodded mutely, tears streaming down her face. officers," the CO continued. "Your departments will receive formal complaints. I suggest you contact your supervisors immediately." Marcus closed the tablet, cutting the connection. The executives were gone, but their presence lingered like smoke. "Now," Marcus said, standing slowly. "Let me show you something else." He opened his briefcase wider. Inside legal documents marked class action lawsuit template, airline discrimination, financial reports showing revenue impact of discrimination incidents and training materials titled unconscious bias in customer service. I didn't board this flight by accident, Marcus said quietly. Southwest Airlines has received 47 discrimination complaints this quarter. 47. This flight was a test. The words hit like electricity. This was planned, orchestrated, a setup. You You planned this? Morrison asked, his voice barely audible. H I plan to fly first class on my own airline. Your crew planned the discrimination. thumping me hard. Emma's live stream reached 110,000 viewers. Comments flooded faster than the platform could process. It was a test. Chairman Jing his own airline. This is genius. They fell for it completely. Marcus pulled out his phone. On the screen, a draft press release titled Southwest Airlines announces comprehensive anti-discrimination initiative following chairman's personal experience with bias. This press release will go out in 30 minutes. He said it announces mandatory bias training for all employees, third-party audits of customer service interactions, and a $10 million sense fund for discrimination prevention programs. He looked directly at Jessica. Ms. Martinez, your assumptions just cost this company $10 million. Jessica's sobbing turned to hyperventilation. A passenger offered her an oxygen mask. But Marcus continued, "They also just bought us the opportunity to become the first airline in America with a zero tolerance discrimination policy backed by real consequences." Morrison found his voice. Sir, what happens to us? Marcus studied him for a long moment. That depends, Captain, on whether you learn from this or repeat it. He sat back down, opened his laptop, and began typing. I'm documenting everything that happened here today. Every word, every assumption, every moment of bias. It will become required training material for every Southwest employee. The plane began to move, finally departing 37 minutes late. "Ladies and gentlemen," Marcus announced to the cabin. Welcome to the flight that changes everything. As Phoenix approached, Marcus made one final call. Legal? It's Marcus. Execute the discrimination protocol, full implementation, and get me a meeting with the NAACP, ACLU, and Department of Transportation. were going to fix this industry. The test was over. The real work was about to begin. The cabin air felt electric as flight 2847 cruised toward Phoenix. Marcus Williams closed his laptop with a decisive snap, the sound cutting through the nervous whispers of 147 passengers. Mrs. Martinez, his voice carried absolute authority. Sit down. We're going to have a conversation. Jessica stumbled to seat 2B. Her hands shaking uncontrollably, every phone in first class focused on her face. Pale, stre with tears, destroyed. "Look at me," Marcus commanded. Jessica forced herself to meet his eyes. What she saw there wasn't anger. It was something worse. "Disappointment so profound, it felt like a physical blow. Eight years with this company, Marcus said quietly. 15 discrimination training sessions, dozens of diversity workshops, and 30 minutes ago, you looked at a black man in a $3,000 suit and decided he was a criminal. Sir, I I'm not finished. The words cut like ice. Do you know what Southwest Airlines stock price was when we took off? Jessica shook her head. $3467 per share. Do you know what it will be when we land? Marcus opened his phone showing a realtime stock ticker. Southwest Airlines $32.15 down 7.3%. Your assumptions just cost our shareholders $847 million 0 in market value. Emma's live stream exploded with comments. stock price crashing live. She cost them almost a billion. This is insane. Captain Morrison, Marcus called out. Join us. Morrison emerged from the cockpit, his pilot's uniform wrinkled, his face gray. 23 years of flying, and it would all end here. Captain, how many black passengers have you personally removed from first class? Morrison's mouth went dry. Sir, I don't keep statistics on. I do. Marcus pulled up a document on his tablet. Southwest Internal Audit Flight Operations Division. In the past 2 years, Captain Derek Morrison has authorized the removal of 17 passengers from premium cabins. 15 were people of color. Two were white. The numbers hung in the air like an indictment. Morrison felt his legs go weak. Coincidence, Captain. I I never realized. You never realized because you never questioned. Ms. Martinez tells you a black passenger is disruptive and you don't ask for specifics. She tells you someone doesn't belong and you don't ask why. You just act. Marcus stood up commanding the attention of the entire cabin. his voice carried to the back rows where passengers craned their necks to see the confrontation. Ladies and gentlemen, what you're witnessing is institutional racism in action, not cross burning hoodwearing racism. The polite kind. The kind that hides behind policy and protocol. Jessica's sobbing intensified. She understood now this wasn't just about her job. This was about everything she'd been taught, everything she'd accepted as normal. Marcus' phone buzzed. He glanced at the screen and smiled grimly. "Miss Martinez, do you know who that was?" Jessica shook her head. "Gloria All Red's law office. They want to discuss a class action lawsuit representing every black passenger who's been discriminated against by Southwest Airlines in the past 5 years." The color drained from Jessica's face. How many passengers is that based on our internal complaints? Approximately $2,300 incidents. Average settlement value in discrimination cases, $400,000 per plaintiff. Emma did quick math on her live stream. That's almost a billion dollars in potential lawsuits. Marcus nodded. Correct. M. Martinez, your 30 minutes of bias just exposed Southwest Airlines to the largest discrimination lawsuit in aviation history. Morrison found his voice. Sir, what can we do? We Marcus's laugh was bitter. Captain, there is no we. You made your choice when you decided I was guilty before asking what I'd done wrong. Please, sir, I have a family, a mortgage. I'll lose everything. So, to the 2,300 black passengers you and your colleagues have humiliated over the past 5 years. Did you consider their families when you had them removed from flights? Morrison couldn't answer. Marcus pulled up another document. Southwest Airlines crisis management protocol stock price protection. He read aloud. When facing potential discrimination lawsuits exceeding $100 million 0 immediately terminate all involved personnel to demonstrate corporate commitment to equality. Jessica's voice cracked. You're firing us? I'm not firing anyone, Marcus said coldly. The board of directors will vote on your termination at an emergency meeting in 90 minutes. I'll be recommending immediate dismissal with cause, which means no severance, no benefits, no references. The words hit like physical blows. Jessica doubled over, Morrison grabbed a seat back for support. But, Marcus continued, "There is one possibility for mitigation." Both crew members looked up desperately. Full public confession, live television interview, complete acknowledgement of bias and discrimination, commitment to become advocates for civil rights training in the airline industry. You want us to humiliate ourselves on national TV? Morrison asked. You humiliated me in front of 150,000 people, Marcus replied. Turnabout is fair play. Emma's viewer count had reached 150,000. Major news outlets were now broadcasting her stream directly. Southwest discrimination was trending globally. Marcus' tablet chimed with an incoming video call. He accepted it, angling the screen so the cabin could see. Marcus, it's Robert Jordan. The CEO of Southwest Airlines appeared on screen, his face grim. We've been monitoring the situation. Legal department is mobilizing. PR crisis team is activated. The FAA is demanding immediate compliance reviews. Robert, meet the crew that just cost us a billion dollars in market cap. Jordan's eyes focused on Jessica and Morrison. You two are suspended immediately. Security will escort you off the aircraft upon landing. HR will conduct full investigations. Bob Marcus said, "I want them to have one opportunity to salvage their careers." What kind of opportunity? Public accountability, full media confession, commitment to anti-discrimination advocacy. Jordan considered this. If they refuse, termination with cause, blacklisted from the aviation industry, personal liability for any discrimination lawsuits that name them specifically. Morrison's voice was barely a whisper. Personal liability. Captain, when you violate someone's civil rights while acting outside company policy, you become personally responsible for damages. Ms. Martinez. The same applies to you. Jessica was hyperventilating again. The weight of personal financial ruin was crushing. How much personal liability? Morrison asked. Marcus consulted his tablet. Based on similar cases, approximately $2,300,000 each, plus legal fees, plus punitive damages. If a jury finds willful discrimination, the jury scraped the case pouch. They definitely whisp. Both crew members realized they were facing complete financial destruction. "Sir," Jessica gasped. "What do you want us to do?" Marcus leaned back in his seat, studying them both. "I want you to choose, easy or hard. Take responsibility publicly and help us fix this problem or fight us in court and lose everything." The plane began its descent into Phoenix. Through the windows, passengers could see news helicopters following their approach. 30 minutes to landing, Morrison announced automatically. 30 minutes to decide your futures, Marcus corrected. Choose wisely. The most expensive 30 minutes of Southwest Airlines history were about to end. Flight 2847 touched down with a thud that seemed to echo through Jessica's soul. Through the small window, she could see her future waiting. News vans, federal investigators, and the end of everything she'd built over 8 years. "Final decision time," Marcus said, not looking up from his tablet. "CNN is requesting live interviews. So is 60 Minutes. The whole world wants to hear your story." Jessica's voice cracked. "What if I can't do it? What if I break down on camera? For the first time since this nightmare began, Marcus's expression softened slightly. Ms. Martinez, do you have children? A daughter. She's seven. What do you want her to learn from this moment? Jessica wiped her eyes. That that people can change. That mistakes don't have to define you forever. Then that's what you tell the cameras. Morrison shut down the aircraft's engines with hands that shook like autumn leaves. Sir, I need you to know something. This wasn't the first time. I've done this before. Made assumptions about passengers based on how they looked. I just I never realized. Marcus studied the broken captain. How many times, Derek? The use of his first name somehow made it worse. I don't know. Dozens maybe? I told myself I was following procedure. But but you were following bias disguised as procedure. Morrison nodded miserably. My own son is mixed race. Jesus Christ. What if someone treated him the way I treated you? The confession hit like lightning. Morrison's own child was exactly the kind of person he'd been discriminating against. Then you have a very personal reason to make this right," Marcus said quietly. The aircraft door opened and chaos poured in. Federal investigators, Southwest executives, and a small army of lawyers filled the jet bridge. Inspector General Torres approached with grim efficiency. Mr. Williams, we need immediate statements from all parties. This investigation is now a federal civil rights case. Inspector, before we begin, Marcus said, I want to show you something. He pulled up his tablet displaying a document titled the Morrison Martinez protocol, a case study in institutional bias. I've been developing this training program for 6 months. Today's incident will become mandatory education for every airline employee in America. Torres examined the screen. You've been planning this. I've been preparing for this. There's a difference. Jessica found her voice. Sir, can I ask you something personal? Marcus nodded. How many times has this happened to you? Really? Marcus was quiet for a long moment. Ms. Martinez. I'm a black man who travels 200,000 m a year on commercial airlines. Take a guess. Too many times. Far too many. But today was different. Today I had the power to do something about it. Emma looked up from her phone which now showed 180,000 live viewers. Mr. Williams, people are asking, "Will this really change anything or will it just blow over like everything else?" Marcus smiled grimly. "Emma, in the next hour, Southwest Airlines will announce the most comprehensive anti-discrimination program in aviation history. $5 million investment, mandatory body cameras, third-party auditing, zero tolerance with immediate termination. He turned to Jessica and Morrison. And our first two case studies will be sitting right here. Case studies? Morrison asked. You too will spend the next year traveling to every Southwest hub telling your story, showing employees exactly how bias works, how assumptions become actions, how good people can do terrible things without realizing it. Jessica's tears had stopped. Something like hope flickered in her eyes. You're giving us a chance to fix this? I'm giving you a chance to earn redemption, but it won't be easy. You'll relive this humiliation hundreds of times. You'll face angry audiences. Some people will never forgive you. But our daughter will see us trying to make it right, Morrison said quietly. Marcus stood as passengers began deplaning. Ladies and gentlemen, you've witnessed something unprecedented today. a live case study in how discrimination happens and how it can be stopped. He paused at the cabin door. In 12 months, Southwest Airlines will be the safest airline in America for every passenger, regardless of race, religion, or background. Not because we're perfect, but because we're finally honest about our imperfections. Outside, protesters chanted while news cameras rolled. This wasn't just a Southwest story anymore. It was a national conversation about bias, power, and the possibility of change. Jessica took a deep breath and walked toward the cameras. Her career was over. But maybe her real work was just beginning. Morrison followed, thinking about his mixed race son and the world he wanted to leave him. Marcus Williams stepped into the Phoenix Heat, carrying the weight of systemic change on his shoulders. The flight was over. The transformation had just begun. 3 months later, the Morrison Martinez protocol would be implemented by every major airline in America. Sometimes justice arrives 30,000 ft in the air. Marcus Williams sat in his home office at 2:00 a.m. scrolling through messages that still arrived daily 6 months after flight 2847. Tonight's email made him pause. Mr. Williams, my name is Sarah Thompson. I'm white, 34, from Ohio. Last week, I was on a United flight when I saw them treating a Latino family exactly like Southwest treated you. But this time was different. I remembered your story. I started recording. I spoke up. The family kept their seats. Thank you for showing me how to be brave. Marcus smiled, forwarding the email to Emma Morgan, who now ran Southwest's dignity documentation project. These stories arrived every day. Passengers finding courage. Employees speaking up. Systemic change spreading like wildfire. His phone buzzed. A text from Jessica Martinez now traveling to her 200th airport presentation. Detroit training tomorrow. 500 new hires. Still nervous every time, but their faces when they get it worth everything. Another message from Derek Morrison. My son asked to come to my next presentation. He wants to help. Said he's proud his dad learned to be better. Marcus leaned back in his chair. The real victory wasn't the $2 bill300 million 0 in prevented lawsuits or the 89% drop in discrimination complaints. It was Sarah Thompson finding her voice. It was Morrison's son feeling proud instead of ashamed. The intercom buzzed. Mr. Williams, his assistant's voice. 60 Minutes is on line one. They want to do a follow-up story. Tell them I'm not available, Marcus replied. But connect them with Emma Morgan. Her story is the one that matters now. He walked to his window, looking out at the Phoenix skyline. Somewhere out there, flights were taking off every minute. Passengers were being treated with dignity because strangers had witnessed injustice and decided to act. His computer chimed with a new video upload, Emma's latest live stream. Not from an airplane this time, but from a coffee shop in Seattle, where she documented a manager discriminating against a transgender customer. The video already had 100,000 views and was climbing. Marcus opened his laptop and began typing. 6 months ago, I sat in seat 2A and changed my life. But I didn't change the world. You did. Every time you share Emma's original video, discrimination gets a little harder to hide. Every time you speak up when you see bias, justice gets a little stronger. Every time you choose courage over comfort, someone like Sarah Thompson finds their voice. These real life stories matter because they become your stories. Black stories that inspire white allies. Touching stories that move people to action. Life stories that prove ordinary people can create extraordinary change. Today, right now, someone is being discriminated against. Someone is staying quiet. Someone is looking the other way. Don't be that someone. Record the truth. Share the evidence. Speak for the silenced because change doesn't happen in boardrooms. It happens when you decide that enough is enough. What injustice will you document today? Share your stories below. Tag three people who need to see this. Subscribe if you believe dignity isn't negotiable. The next flight 2847 is waiting for its Emma Morgan. Will that be you? Marcus hit publish and watched the views climb. 1,000 5,000 15,000 Somewhere another ordinary person was about to find extraordinary courage. The revolution would be livereamed.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Black.Soul.Stories [164 likes]: Hello everyone! Thank you so much for following and supporting the channel. Feel free to drop by here to keep watching: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLhDQPws0QI
  2. @colouredbills4869: bot comments are crazy
  3. @mariamurphyosulluvan7054: Great story watching from Ireland
  4. @DANNYWILLIAMS-j6b: A AWESOME BLACK 🖤 BOARD MEMBER,  I AM WATCHING THIS STORY FROM JACKSONVILLE,  FLORIDA.
  5. @BeatriceMWhite: Watching from Dayton, Ohio
  6. @bernadineholmes6806: G
  7. @JonellyStory: am loving this
  8. @UrbanRealityStories: never judge a book by it cover , i enjoyed the  story.
  9. @Stories89Stories: Wow… Marcus handled this with absolute composure and strategy. Instead of reacting with anger, he exposed bias, held the crew accountable, and created real systemic change. A masterclass in dignity and courage at 30,000 feet! ✈👏
  10. @TheBlackUnspoken: ❤😂Seat
  11. @LifeStoriesago: Great story 👏
  12. @AfricanEldersTales: Respect is not something we decide to use today and ignore tomorrow. It is a non-negotiable foundation in every relationship. When a person allows arrogance to take control—like putting it in the pilot’s seat of their life—they will eventually have to pay the price. The conflicts, the hurt, and the consequences that follow become a powerful force, pulling that ‘flight’ of pride back down to the ground of reality, where we finally realize: without respect, no kind of glory can ever last
  13. @likezoinksman: Im 78 years old and this is really inspiring to me😂
  14. @mo_beyond_magic: exactly! "why should I  have to proof why I am, to sit in a seat I paid for?!"
  15. @BlackResilienceStories-BRS: I’m truly moved – thanks to the production team
  16. @behind-kj: Marcus act wisely,
  17. @BlackEmpire18: Bruh… this wasn’t a flight — it was a whole civil rights documentary with Wi-Fi 😳✈. Marcus didn’t raise his voice, didn’t flex — man just sat in 2A holding $800 million worth of calm vengeance. Jessica thought she was removing a “problem passenger”… turns out she was ejecting the chairman of the board*. My guy said, “I know,” and 23 careers evaporated before takeoff. That line — *“Why should I have to prove who I am to sit in a seat I paid for?” — straight history book material. Thanks for sharing this masterpiece — justice has never looked this smooth in a suit.
  18. @marianj4582: Noticed how the bigoted passengers never blame the crew who escalated?
  19. @blackwomanus: Wow, that's a powerful story about standing up for respect.
  20. @AkinStories: Black CEO are really passing through Alot

- Passengers claim Delta flight held for late flyer reportedly related to airline executive: Kind: captions Language: en n KUTV 2 News. >> New and exclusive at 10:00 tonight. Passengers on a Delta Airlines flight Thursday night speaking out. They're mad. >> They claim they waited on the plane for 40 minutes for a single passenger who was the daughter of someone who apparently was high up within the airline. >> Liv Kelleher talked with some of the passengers and the airline. >> Well, that flight is operated by SkyWest Airlines, and it's the last flight from Salt Lake City to St. George. I spoke with several passengers who say the pilot told them that, quote, his boss asked them to hold the plane for a delayed passenger. Another worker said that that passenger is related to the CEO. While travelers across the country wait in extremely long TSA lines and navigate airport nightmares. Passengers aboard Delta Flight 4279 were delayed for another reason. >> The CEO of the airline, SkyWest, was. His daughter was coming onto the flight, and we had to wait for her to get on the flight. >> In a phone call, a spokesperson for SkyWest Airlines said they could not confirm the identity of any passengers that the flight was held for more than one person. Multiple passengers on that flight, including J. Lishman, who is a frequent flier, dispute that claim. >> There's not a speculation of why we were delayed. We were told why we were delayed. The captain very, very frustrated himself. >> He says after being upgraded to first class, a flight attendant told him he had to give up his seat to that passenger. >> It's kind of a gut punch. >> The flight left SLC 53 minutes late. >> How do we do this the next time we run into this problem? >> One of those people, Roger Schwartz daughter. While waiting on her delayed plane, he made this post on X now has nearly 600,000 views. >> To hear that an airline actually waited for one person is pretty impressive. >> SkyWest Airlines told me that it is not uncommon that they will hold a plane for delayed connection, but that this delay was, quote, longer than they would have liked. >> It was shocking that one individual would make a decision like that. >> Now I asked SkyWest how many passengers are boarded the flight late. They responded saying several. They also sent the following statement. While we regularly hold flights for late connecting customers, if operations allow the time spent on board in Salt Lake City awaiting departure or flight 4279 to St. George on Thursday night was lengthier than it should have been. We apologize to our customers for their experience. I also asked if there's a typical time limit for how long they will wait for a delayed customer, but to that I have not gotte

  Top Comments:
  1. @KinderKim-b3x [2 likes]: Sitting in a plane for 52 minutes? Ridiculous. Waiting for one person? Since when is this okay? The frustration felt by the passengers forced to endure this long wait is very real. Every single passenger on that plane should have their ticket costs reimbursed. The CEO and his daughter need to be publicly embarrassed.
  2. @JRTC88: This is nothing new I was a 100K united customer.  My connection flight was delayed they held the plane for me for 45 min.
  3. @kimc7699: Sounds like the Board of Directors needs to take the CEO to the woodshed!
  4. @OscarEdmundoMoralesGutierrez: A mi en American Airlein fue en Finix un pasajero llego tarde y el piloto enojado por que saldría tarde y asi fue salimos 1 hora y media de retraso a Miami y llegamos a las 11 de la noche y me dejaron sin silla de ruedas y salí a las 2 de la mañana de el aeropuerto de Miami cansado y sin cenar
  5. @CPO-Snarky: If it weren’t for the union, that pilot who spilled the beans would be lucky to now be flying cargo planes full of rubber dog poop out of Hong Kong.
  6. @RC94332: 1:28 I would have refused to move
  7. @RC94332: It’s a private company…
  8. @SeriouslyNotBatman: Captain is probably getting disciplined too for speaking the truth to passengers. Too bad SkyWest is the only regional airline without a pilot union to protect the Captain’s career.
  9. @0217ldp: So why couldn't she get on another flight?  Or was the next flight to St .George the next day?
  10. @BoDuke2: Why do.yall think Lugi Mangei  is sitting in jail right now ???  Have y'all not realized that ?? Everyone else lives within the structure…  CEO's , Rich , Famous , politicians  are the structure.
  11. @mrich9654: membership has its privileges.  lol.   how ridiculous
  12. @AestheticsbyPatricia: This happened to me in December when I was flying back from Liberia in Costa Rica with a connection in Houston to SLC. Customs took longer than expected but many of us rushed to board and then we sat on the plane for 45 minutes for “a few more people.” This was late at night.
  13. @donnalouden7364: Boy, one thing after another with Delta lately,  not an airline I wanna fly anytime soon.
  14. @paulinedye5479: What a bunch of BS. Just screwing the passengers over again..
  15. @noelhutchins7366: everybody is a nobody: even celebrities are nothing, compared to the faceless-filthy-rich & their Super-Elite-Spawn: laws change when they're inconvenienced: laws change when their kids face charges
  16. @JayTee2985: Delaygate 🤔
  17. @TranquilRide: Delays happen all the time
  18. @sundragon7703: Unfortunately, the flight crew will probably be punished for squealing, which lead to a news story
  19. @germb747: Y’all know that some customers are considered higher value to the airline than others, right?
  20. @johnh8705: The pilot is messy 😂

- Aviation Chaos - Iran and US War -This is based on publicly available updates ONLY Not official news: Kind: captions Language: en incredible has happened. A huge chunk of the sky, one of the most important crossroads for the entire planet, has just shut down. Just look at this number. Over 13,000. That's not a typo. That's how many flights have been cancelled in just a couple of days. It's an absolutely staggering figure that signals a level of chaos we haven't seen before. So, what's going on? Well, what we're witnessing as of March 3rd, 2026 is the direct aviation fallout from the escalating war between the US, Israel, and Iran. And let's be clear, this is way more than just a regional problem. It's like a critical artery for global travel has just been suddenly and violently severed. So, you might be asking, how did things get this bad this quickly? Well, it all started with a domino effect. One country after another declaring their airspace completely off limits. I mean, the sheer scope of this is just mind-boggling. We're talking about near total closures over places like Iran, Iraq, Israel, Syria, and Jordan, and then severe restrictions across the UAE. These aren't just some minor routes, you know? These are the superighways of the sky that connect Europe and the Americas with all of Asia and Oceanania. And well, it's pretty simple, right? When the skies close, what happens to those massive state-of-the-art airports that feed them? they effectively go dark. We're talking about some of the biggest and busiest names in travel, period. Just take a look at this list. Dubai's DXB, that's the world's busiest airport for international flights. You've got Dohai's DO, Abu Dhabi's AU. These aren't just airports. They're practically cities built around the whole idea of connecting people. And because of this, Emirates and Etihad have suspended most of their flights. And Qatar Airways has just stopped flying altogether until it's safe. These hubs are at a complete standstill. To really wrap your head around the scale of this, check this out. The big three airlines in the Gulf, Emirates, Etahad, and Qatar. Together, they handle about 90,000 transit passengers every single day. That's like a soldout football stadium full of people whose travel plans have just hit a concrete wall. You know, it's easy to get lost in all the logistics and the massive numbers, but behind every canceled flight, there's a person. And there is an immense human toll to this sudden paralysis. This number right here, over 20,000, that represents the passengers who are currently stranded in the United Arab Emirates alone. It's really just a fraction of the global total, but it gives you a real sense of just how many people are caught in the middle of this mess. So, what happens to all those people? Well, in a pretty unprecedented move, authorities in the UAE are actually stepping in. They're making hotels extend people's stays, and they're reportedly footing the bill for food and lodging. That is a massive logistical and financial challenge to say the least. But for the travelers on the ground, the reality is just complete uncertainty. This quote from Christy Elmer, an American traveler stuck in Dubai, really says it all. She said, "We've had flights booked every day for the week, and Sunday was canceled. Monday was canceled. Tuesday's already been cancelled. Just imagine that. That's the exhausting reality for thousands and thousands of people. And don't think for a second that this is just contained to the Middle East. It's not. This is sending shock waves through the entire global aviation network. Think about it. With Middle Eastern airspace shut, and remember, Russian airspace is already restricted, all of that global air traffic is getting squeezed into these dangerously narrow and congested flight paths. So that nice direct flight from Europe to Asia, not an option anymore. Planes are now being forced to take these really long detours either way up over Turkey or way down south over Egypt. And the consequences of that are huge. These reroutes aren't just a small inconvenience. We're talking about hours being added to flight times, tons of extra fuel being burned, and a much higher risk of misconnections for passengers flying all over the world. Okay, so what does all of this chaos actually mean for you? especially if you have travel plans in the works. Let's break down exactly what you need to know right now. Seriously, if you're flying anywhere near this region or maybe even just connecting through a different part of the world, you need to pay very close attention to this next part. First, and this is the most urgent thing, government warnings. The US State Department has issued depart now warnings for a whole list of places across the region. We're talking 14 countries. And it's not just the US. Governments in Europe and Asia are giving almost identical advice. These are not suggestions, okay? They are serious, serious warnings. Second thing, and I really cannot stress this enough, do not just go to the airport and hope for the best. Airlines and airport authorities are literally pleading with people, unless you have been directly contacted by your airline with a confirmed operating flight, please stay away. You'll just add to the chaos and you will almost certainly be turned away. So, what should you do if you're affected? It's a pretty clear three-step process. One, constantly check your flight status online. Two, contact your airline directly to talk about refunds or rebooking. And three, know your rights. Most major airlines are waving change fees and offering full refunds for flights canceled because of this. Now, with any crisis, unfortunately, the scammers come out of the woodwork. So, this is a really crucial warning for anyone trying to get information or a refund. Right now, consumer groups are already flagging a huge rise in scams. You know, you might post on social media that you're stranded and suddenly a fake airline profile replies offering to help. They're just trying to steal your personal information. So, the golden rule is right here. Only contact your airline through their official verified website or their official app. That's it. Period. So, as the skies stay empty, the immediate chaos is pretty clear. But the final question that's left hanging is so much bigger. For the last 20 years, the world built its entire travel network around this central hub. Now that it's basically a no-fly zone, the real question isn't just when the planes will come back.

- How Ukraine Is Having Its Way With Russian Air Defenses: Kind: captions Language: en Zelensky calls them “long-range sanctions.”&nbsp; And while that term is not exactly accurate,&nbsp;&nbsp; it does not change the fact that a&nbsp; lot of Russian assets are on fire. Nor does it change how Russia’s annual&nbsp; Victory Day Parade, scheduled for this week,&nbsp;&nbsp; is significantly smaller than in previous years. But for us today, we have a bunch&nbsp; of maps to go through. Their common&nbsp;&nbsp; bond? They help make sense of what&nbsp; is happening in the war right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; and why Ukraine has slowly moved itself&nbsp; into a much more favorable position. Yes, it seems that the proverbial dam&nbsp; has been broken. Ukraine appears to be&nbsp;&nbsp; striking every Russian facility&nbsp; that it can find. All it takes&nbsp;&nbsp; is a bunch of these drones and a&nbsp; small runway to launch them from. The damage on the surface is&nbsp; readily visible on satellite,&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks to NASA’s fire detecting technology. It&nbsp; is a far cry from the earlier days of the war,&nbsp;&nbsp; when Zelensky was stuck in a bunker and&nbsp; Russia controlled the Ukrainian skies. No need for fancy missiles launched from a&nbsp; silo. No need for missiles launched from a&nbsp;&nbsp; frigate either, which is a good thing given that&nbsp; Ukraine is still doing this without a crewed navy. And while the media’s focus has been on tabulating&nbsp; the damage to Russia, we ought to go beneath the&nbsp;&nbsp; surface and ask the deeper strategic question&nbsp; of how this is possible in the first place. No, we are not going to do something&nbsp; ridiculous and explain why Russia&nbsp;&nbsp; does not build its refineries in a&nbsp; bunker like humans can retreat to. Instead, the focus is on air defenses, and&nbsp; why Ukraine has been able to cut through them&nbsp;&nbsp; in a way that may eventually get many&nbsp; a statue built to remember Zelensky. Part of the answer is what Russia held in&nbsp; its weapons archives before the war started. Part of the answer is the&nbsp; inability to rapidly move&nbsp;&nbsp; Russian air defenses through&nbsp; the streets of the country. Part of it is Russia’s vast&nbsp; geography, with refineries,&nbsp;&nbsp; depots, and factories spread&nbsp; out over a massive landmass. Part of it is the inability for interceptors to&nbsp; train their sights on their targets fast enough. And I know that it already seems like a&nbsp; jungle out there with all of the moving&nbsp;&nbsp; parts. But there is still another key reason&nbsp; that Russia cannot control the situation. Ukraine is careful to place many of its production&nbsp; sites underground, in cavern-like facilities. Hence the last part: Russia cannot strangle&nbsp; Ukrainian drone production in the cradle. So, today, let’s examine each of these&nbsp; five problems, in this particular order,&nbsp;&nbsp; which have collectively put Ukraine&nbsp; in a much-improved position. I want to start with a couple of the faster points&nbsp;&nbsp; before transitioning to the deeper mapping of&nbsp; the impossible situation that Russia faces. First up is a problem that will&nbsp; sound familiar to the West,&nbsp;&nbsp; but perhaps taken to a greater extreme. Much of&nbsp; the materiel preparation for this war has been&nbsp;&nbsp; to simply look at what was still in the Soviet&nbsp; warehouses and adapt them for the current fight. That has worked well for Russia&nbsp; in terms of finding additional&nbsp;&nbsp; munitions to fashion into glide&nbsp; bombs to then drop on Ukraine. But if may briefly step in the world of&nbsp; gaming, I am reminded of the adage that&nbsp;&nbsp; “There are no wrong threats. Only wrong&nbsp; answers.” There a variety of ways that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can defeat an opponent. Many of them&nbsp; have proper defenses. But if you bring the&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong defensive strategy to the fight, then&nbsp; any of those offensive measures can win. To transition from gaming theory to war practice,&nbsp; for decades, the Soviet Union prepared for a&nbsp;&nbsp; confrontation with NATO. As a result, the Soviet&nbsp; Union built defenses for fancy missiles and&nbsp;&nbsp; fighter systems. Well, fancy from the perspective&nbsp; of someone in the 1970s and 1980s. Point is,&nbsp;&nbsp; from a material efficiency perspective, one way&nbsp; attack drones are impressive. On the traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; military dimension, they are fairly basic.&nbsp; So Ukraine started off at an advantage here,&nbsp;&nbsp; building an inventory of cheap bombs to&nbsp; overwhelm more precise countermeasures. Basically, if you have been following the&nbsp; complaints about U.S. losses from Iranian drones,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is the same story, except we are flip-flopping&nbsp; perspectives from the broader war coalitions. The second basic point is Russia’s inability to&nbsp;&nbsp; proactively destroy Ukraine’s&nbsp; drone production capacity. Indeed, the easier way to stop your&nbsp; opponent from overwhelming you with&nbsp;&nbsp; drones is to stop the drones from&nbsp; being manufactured in the first place. At the start of the invasion, it seemed like a&nbsp; safe bet that Russia would dominate the skies,&nbsp;&nbsp; and thus bomb any relevant military site with&nbsp; ease—again, basically a coalition flip-flop&nbsp;&nbsp; from the U.S. experience in Iran. Well, the&nbsp; jury may still be out on how much damage Iran&nbsp;&nbsp; has actually suffered, but the Islamic Republic is&nbsp; certainly in a worse position than Ukraine here. Indeed, it turned out that Western-donated&nbsp; anti-aircraft systems were enough to shut&nbsp;&nbsp; off that route for Russia about four years&nbsp; ago. At least this time equipment from a&nbsp;&nbsp; NATO-Russia conflict was accomplishing&nbsp; what it was supposed to accomplish. Now, Russia has switched to a more distant&nbsp; strategy, featuring ballistic missiles,&nbsp;&nbsp; those aforementioned glide bombs, and its&nbsp; own one-way attack drones. Part of why those&nbsp;&nbsp; still have not shut down Ukrainian production&nbsp; is because the blue and yellow have a very good&nbsp;&nbsp; defense network. We have explored how this works&nbsp; before, so I will not repeat those details today. Nonetheless, one thing I have not noted before&nbsp; is the geography of Ukraine. Broadly speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; going from Russia to Ukraine is going from wider&nbsp; to narrower. That makes it easier for Ukraine&nbsp;&nbsp; to concentrate its defenses and stop Russian&nbsp; munitions from completely wrecking the country. If that geographic point&nbsp; was unclear, that is fine,&nbsp;&nbsp; because we need to discuss the problem&nbsp; in depth going the other way. Indeed,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s now examine the trouble&nbsp; with Russia’s gigantic landmass. Imagine that you have a ton of valuable targets&nbsp; scattered all across your country. And, to be&nbsp;&nbsp; clear, if you are Russia, then you do not have to&nbsp; imagine this. It is your reality. Traditionally,&nbsp;&nbsp; this has been advantageous because it means&nbsp; that the opponent must penetrate deep into&nbsp;&nbsp; your borders. There is a reason, for example,&nbsp; that the Soviet Union built its nuclear weapons&nbsp;&nbsp; infrastructure in the middle of Central Asia.&nbsp; But much of those built-in protections have&nbsp;&nbsp; been lost with the proliferation of&nbsp; long-range one-way attack drones. Now, the level one solution would be to just&nbsp; put a bunch of air defenses around each of those&nbsp;&nbsp; particular sites. But quickly you realize&nbsp; that (1) this requires a ton of resources,&nbsp;&nbsp; (2) any night that Ukraine targets&nbsp; just one of those locations,&nbsp;&nbsp; the rest of the defenses were essentially&nbsp; irrelevant, and (3) there are a whole bunch&nbsp;&nbsp; of lower-priority targets that Ukraine may&nbsp; want to hit that are essentially defenseless. So the level two solution is to&nbsp; bring all of your air defenses&nbsp;&nbsp; closer to border. If you prevent any&nbsp; drones from breaching the local area,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you also prevent them from&nbsp; striking any of those valuable targets. It turns out, though, that Russia plays&nbsp; more of a level one game than a level&nbsp;&nbsp; two game. And as tempting as it is to&nbsp; declare that we are witnessing another&nbsp;&nbsp; silly mistake from Moscow and call&nbsp; it a day, the real reasons are far&nbsp;&nbsp; more interesting and tell us of a key&nbsp; structural advantage that Ukraine has. Let’s all stare at this map for a moment.&nbsp; Suppose that Russia just wants to defend&nbsp;&nbsp; its border. Then a knee-jerk reaction&nbsp; would be to draw a defensive line that&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like this. Except Russia took a bunch&nbsp; of territory since 2014, so actually you need&nbsp;&nbsp; this. But also Ukraine can fly drones over&nbsp; the water, so really, you need this. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if Ukraine wanted to, it could get frisky&nbsp; and fly through Belarus, so you really need this. But it somehow gets worse. HIMARS&nbsp; was Ukraine’s MVP during the first&nbsp;&nbsp; couple of years of the war. And while&nbsp; drones have since overshadowed it,&nbsp;&nbsp; the best shoot-and-scoot artillery&nbsp; piece is still delivering the damage. The most plentiful type of ammunition that&nbsp; Ukraine has for it is the GMLRS missile,&nbsp;&nbsp; range 70 kilometers. Anti-air systems&nbsp; are a priority target for GMLRS,&nbsp;&nbsp; because if you can disable those defenses,&nbsp; your cheaper drones have free rein. To draw another comparison to Iran, think&nbsp; of this as using Tomahawks to allow American&nbsp;&nbsp; bombers clear skies over Iran, which can&nbsp; then drop JDAMs on the rest of the targets. Now, Russia does place some of its&nbsp; anti-aircraft systems within GMLRS&nbsp;&nbsp; range. It is unavoidable when there&nbsp; are valuable targets within that band,&nbsp;&nbsp; including large cities like Kursk and oil&nbsp; pumping stations for its energy export industry. But those exceptions aside, the radius for&nbsp; the bulk of the defenses moves out to here.&nbsp;&nbsp; And we are starting to see the problem with&nbsp; Russia’s geography. As compared to Ukraine,&nbsp;&nbsp; the country radiates outward. The further that you&nbsp; want to install a line of anti-aircraft systems,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more that you need to cover it. You can&nbsp; see why this quickly becomes a financial&nbsp;&nbsp; liability—especially considering that when include&nbsp; the waterfront, you need this long of a line. Yet we can make it one step worse. Ukraine also&nbsp; has access to ATACMS, albeit in significantly&nbsp;&nbsp; lower quantities than GMLRS, with worse prospects&nbsp; of obtaining more due to the war in Iran, and with&nbsp;&nbsp; less documentation of Ukraine using HIMARS to&nbsp; strike anti-air systems at those distances.&nbsp;&nbsp; With those caveats noted, though, ATACMS&nbsp; have a range of 300 kilometers. Thus,&nbsp;&nbsp; the true safe line is all the way back here. Now, Russia could get away with that if each&nbsp; piece of its network could cover a great deal&nbsp;&nbsp; of that line. But spoilers: each one cannot.&nbsp; Ukraine’s drones fly low, intentionally to stay&nbsp;&nbsp; off of Russian radars. Combine that with drones&nbsp; generally having a small radar cross-section,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you are starting to look at needing radars&nbsp; every 30 kilometers or so, unreasonably assuming&nbsp;&nbsp; that you have favorable terrain throughout.&nbsp; This is because you need the radar to locate,&nbsp;&nbsp; identify, track, and pass along the&nbsp; targeting information to an interceptor,&nbsp;&nbsp; all before the drone goes out of range. This all&nbsp; likely must happen within five to ten minutes. That is how Russia ends up calculating that it&nbsp;&nbsp; needs to protect its best facilities&nbsp; on an individual basis rather than&nbsp;&nbsp; create a single comprehensive system&nbsp; to protect everything in the country. Of course, things get one step worse for&nbsp; Russia. Resigned to not defend the line&nbsp;&nbsp; properly, Russia still does not have enough&nbsp; systems to secure the sites themselves. And thus you get the familiar game that we have&nbsp; discussed in the past, where Russia has to move&nbsp;&nbsp; its air defenses from location to location so&nbsp; that Ukraine does not know exactly where they are. One solution is to not literally place&nbsp; all of the equipment directly in front of&nbsp;&nbsp; the targets but also on likely paths that&nbsp; Ukraine might take toward those targets. The main problem is that the United&nbsp; States, as far as we can tell,&nbsp;&nbsp; is still assisting Ukraine with intelligence&nbsp; sharing on the location of the anti-air systems. That allows Ukraine to either&nbsp; sidestep them and strike the&nbsp;&nbsp; open targets or hit them to&nbsp; make future strikes easier. Now, it would not be surprising to learn that the&nbsp;&nbsp; United States has dramatically scaled&nbsp; back its intelligence sharing efforts.&nbsp;&nbsp; Remember, part of the reason the United States&nbsp; kept with that despite shutting down direct&nbsp;&nbsp; military aid is that it helped give intelligence&nbsp; analysts some practice locating enemy assets. Well, the United States has been directing&nbsp; those efforts to Iran over the last couple&nbsp;&nbsp; of months. And while the parties are&nbsp; in a ceasefire as I write these words,&nbsp;&nbsp; no one should be surprised if hostilities resume.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is therefore imperative that the United&nbsp; States continues to track Iranian deployments. In turn, there may be a bandwidth&nbsp; problem in continuing to support&nbsp;&nbsp; intelligence sharing with Ukraine. Ironically, though, it would be good news&nbsp; for the West to learn that the United States&nbsp;&nbsp; has indeed paused that support. Ukraine has&nbsp; shown no shortage of ability to keep striking&nbsp;&nbsp; high-value Russian targets during this period.&nbsp; Therefore, it would tell us that Ukraine can&nbsp;&nbsp; get by with its own intelligence networks,&nbsp; without the help of U.S. analysts. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would be careful about drawing conclusions&nbsp; regarding a complete lack of U.S. support,&nbsp;&nbsp; as Kyiv may still be receiving raw&nbsp; intelligence from U.S. satellites. So, what are our takeaway lines for today?&nbsp; Ukraine has a golden eye for targeting valuable&nbsp;&nbsp; Russian assets. Geography and logistics give&nbsp; Russia no easy solutions to the problem. And,&nbsp;&nbsp; one way or another, Ukraine has sustained&nbsp; the campaign over the course of the Iran War. Meanwhile, if you are curious how we got here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will love these two fantastic books&nbsp; about the origins of the war. Check the&nbsp;&nbsp; video description for more information about&nbsp; them. And if you enjoyed today’s video,&nbsp;&nbsp; then please like, share, and subscribe,&nbsp; and I will see you next time. Take care. Oh, and just for the record, my favorite ancient&nbsp; civilizations are Aztec and Egyptian. No reason&nbsp;&nbsp; in particular I felt the need to say that, but it&nbsp; is always nice to have some post-video content.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gavinperkins3200: 6:01 while your point about geography is technically true, it’s worth noting that Belarus is a third piece to the “wider to narrower” that effectively makes it much less narrow than the map would imply.
  2. @kylenetherwood8734: The Aztecs were not an ancient civilisation. They were around from 1300 AD to 1521 AD. The ancient era is defined as 3000BC to 500AD.
  3. @AmericanBoy88: You must have forgot the second Trump got in office the CIA and the Marines were taken off of their chains that they were put on since the last president the dogs of war are busy that's why Ukraine is so better at targeting they're getting all the data handed to them on a silver platter and told this is where you target here's the grid coordinates have fun you can say Trump does not like Russia at all and he's not a puppet of them
  4. @ulfasplund3514: As far as we (non US analysts) can tell, almost all useful Intelligence is transferred to the Ukraine from Europe, where if the US shut it off, the main effect would be that the US would loose know how transfer on how the modern drone warfare works, making it worse for the US in any war against, like say Iran.
Your videos are still the best on the subject beside Anders Puck Nielsen (a Danish Naval Intelligence Officer), I would implore you to watch his videos.
  5. @ulfasplund3514: Mr Spaniel, Ukraine has a crewed Navy, it is not in the Black Sea, since they were outside the Bosphorus when the war broke out, and I also think a couple have been donated since the war began. The existing fleet, as far as I know, is training with the UK and Dutch Navies.
  6. @jarrzao: 8:45 theyve got the best men on the job i see
  7. @user-dn1nh3zu6h: I'll tell you how! Spectacularly!
  8. @erl1544: They lack air cover and meanwhile Putin has ~27 Pantsir and at least one S-400 battery protecting his personal home in Valdai.  Seems a little selfish……
  9. @b-art1004: In regards to your takeaway line. 

It’s always funny to hear Aztecs being referred to as an ancient civilisation when they were living in the 16th century AD.
  10. @Karlkn: russia has been in a steady decline since they lost Ukraine, the Baltic states, Poland and the other European countries. And my bet is - they will never amount to anything EVER!
  11. @alexanderk962: Calling the Aztecs ancient is a bit of a stretch isn’t it?
  12. @Sebastian_Niedermeier: Aztec and Egyptian? Fine choice, but please elaborate. Who are your favourite gods from their Pantheon? Are they the obvious choices Tepoztecatl and Sobek, or does your boat fly differently?

Now that would be some post video content imo.
  13. @SLAVA-UKRAINI-h7f: Love your analysis.  Keep up the great work.  Slava Ukraini, Heroyam Slava!
  14. @shadeypotion: Ukraine has a crewed navy - 5 minesweepers based in the UK. 

Soon to be deployed to the international effort to open the Strait of Hormuz.

They have a bigger minesweeping force than USA 🤣
  15. @NumbersLetters_: More post video content!!
  16. @MisterNiceGuy731: Such a victory😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  17. @johntwelve8763: Day 326 of William pretending Ukraine isn't getting 75% of targeting intelligence from France (before the newest Iran war, so now it's probably close to 100% European).
  18. @cenccenc946: The biggest "head scratcher" of this war for me has been how russia has almost never been able to strike / interdict Ukrainian supply and logistics lines in any consistent or significant way. Even after 4 years, they just seem incapable of doing it.  Like "war 101" starts with logistics or "lines of communication" disruption. They have done little to nothing.
  19. @overredrover9430: I'm liking the return to post video content it's an interesting extra for those who watch all the way through.
  20. @squidcaps4308: You can bet that Ukraine is renting a lot of time from ICEYE. It is Finnish private satellite surveillance company, largest one of its kind. While of course much more modest than nation state satellites, they are perfectly usable for finding targets that stay put for a day.

- Southwest captain explains why airline had widespread cancellation of scheduled flights across US: Kind: captions Language: en SOUTHWEST AIRLINES IS APOLOGIZING. THERE ARE WIDESPREAD DELAYS AND CANCELLATIONS ALL ACROSS THE COUNTRY. MELANIE EXPLAINS WHAT IS GOING ON. REPORTER: FOR SOUTHWEST PASSENGERS, ALL SIGNS POINTED TO A BAD DAY. AFTER A FOUR HOUR DELAY, SHE WAS ONE OF THE LUCKY ONES. THE FLIGHT CANCELED. >> I COULD TELL AS SOON AS I GOT OUT OF THE CALL -- CAR THERE WAS AN ISSUE. REPORTER: SOUTHWEST SAYS IT IS WORKING TO OVERCOME OPERATIONAL CHALLENGES. A CAPTAIN A SOUTHWEST. >> IT'S A FAILURE AT EVERY LEVEL. OUR CUSTOMERS ARE VERY DIFFERENT TODAY. REPORTER: SOUTHWEST OFTEN FLIES POINT TO POINT. >> PILOTS, FLIGHT ATTENDANTS THAT DO NOT HAVE HOTELS. THEY TRULY DO NOT KNOW WHERE THEY ARE. >> WE DO NOT HAVE A CREW. >> I WAS NOT STRANDED. >> PASSENGERS HAVE FEW OPTIONS WHEN IT CAME TO BAGS. >> IF THE FLIGHT WAS CANCELED, IT WILL BE A ONE AND A HALF HOUR WAIT JUST TO GET YOUR LUGGAGE. REPORTER: IT'S NOT CLEAR WHEN. >> THIS IS GOING TO CONTINUE AND SO THERE IS A SWEEPING CHANGE. REPORTER: WITH SAFETY FIRST, IT ANTICIPATES ADDITIONAL CHANGES. THEY WROTE, ON THE OTHERS WE WILL WORK TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT

  Top Comments:
  1. @le0rivera953 [1 likes]: You travel!!!!!
  2. @grumpystiltskin [1 likes]: FAA makes staffing planned very inflexible with all those sleep requirements. Every flight attendant had to get a good night sleep. Even in emergencies. Works most of the time but today that isn't the highest priority.
  3. @Noms_Chompsky: Sure, it's because Neo-Liberal Peter Buttegieg is a corporate shill, he was warned in writing last year to impose fines for transportation cancellations but Pete's lobbyist buddies sure wouldn't like that now would they.  Hope your holidays were nerry and not Buttegieg scary.
  4. @BobSmith-fd7oj: They went on Strike due to the jabs
  5. @BobSmith-fd7oj: Not True! in Florida they said it was due to overcrowding in the skies???? I got the news video clip
  6. @re8746: You were told not to travel.
  7. @Here4theComments9: I don’t care about comedic flight attendants providing a jovial experience; I want your software and infrastructure to be resilient like other airlines.
  8. @scotttild: Staff shortages, bad scheduling, older planes, older computer issues… Lots going on with southwest.
  9. @scottpedersen3337: If they canceled my vacation. Oh bad idea. I would sue their face off
  10. @shrimboi8909: Homeless encampments everywhere.  Trader Joes has no eggs to sell.   A major domestic airline cancelled flights at will.  And there's nothing you can do about it.  We are living in third world territory now!
  11. @DrQandtheGang: Oh, I'm sure this will be a big load of truth.
  12. @tedmoser3657: What a mess Southwest management created, this will cost them millions of dollars to make it right for their customers and employees. People need to be publicly called out and  fired for this. I feel for the employees that have no control over this and are forced to deal with the rightfully angry customers, what a horrible situation they're all in.
  13. @MrOvertoad: As an IT guy myself, it was IT's fault. I mean, I forgot what my password was and my printer wouldn't print, VPN wouldn't connect, I had to open a ticket to get help but no one called me back. None of my files saved properly, and I lost everyone on my harddrive did I mention I forgot my password? Totally IT's fault.
  14. @harveyhowell: Be careful what you hear from Pilots. The pilots could help out if they wanted to. The solution is simple. Report to work and help the airline out and the customers.
  15. @TheFAFOHouse: Everything is a disaster under this administration.
  16. @kevina4140: Unacceptable? Apparently not as this has happened before.
  17. @deva190: Republicans AND democrats are blaming Buttigiege, as supposedly , they warned about things like this months ago.
  18. @bemiatto67: Bring trains to America!
  19. @vajraheart6052: Very insightful info from the captain. SW being point to point unlike other airlines following hub and spoke. So it’s structural and design differences which is at the core of the airline. Interesting how SW deals with it strategically.
  20. @RVPilot-d7g: Herb is turning in his grave. I thought SWA would be a stable company much longer than this after he was gone.

- Aviation Chaos - Iran and US War -This is based on publicly available updates ONLY Not official news: Kind: captions Language: en As of March 3rd, 2026, is the direct aviation fallout from the escalating war between the US, Israel, and Iran. And let's be clear, this is way more than just a regional problem. It's like a critical artery for global travel has just been suddenly and violently severed. So, you might be asking, how did things get this bad, this quickly? Well, it all started with a domino effect. One country after another declaring their airspace completely off limits. I mean, the sheer scope of this is just mind-boggling. We're talking about near total closures over places like Iran, Iraq, Israel, Syria, and Jordan. And then severe restrictions across the UAE. These aren't just some minor routes, you know, these are the superhighways of the sky that connect Europe and the Americas with all of Asia and Oceania. And well, it's pretty simple, right? When the skies close, what happens to those massive, state-of-the-art airports that feed them? They effectively go dark. We're talking about some of the biggest and busiest names in travel, period. Just take a look at this list. Dubai's DXB, that's the world's busiest airport for international flights. You've got Doha's DOH, Abu Dhabi's AUH. These aren't just airports, they're practically cities built around the whole idea of connecting people. And because of this, Emirates and Etihad have suspended most of their flights, and Qatar Airways has just stopped flying altogether until it's safe. These hubs are at a complete standstill.

- Betaco, Inc. v. Cessna Aircraft, Co. Case Brief Summary | Law Case Explained: Kind: captions Language: en a Hero Of Death in position and tourists and to for this reason I can press on the advantages akan Tracking for iPad In Use Advanced Lam process list in tournaments YouTube for today is the time of Russia and integrate the contract In vertical just laugh and play manifattura prison and shall take your voice chat and light intelligence mickelson what's on the spot and delicate and interests and patient The sensible Heat lotion with other fun that attracts tourists are the station The Last word must move Station and more work on board that process that they'd understand the first Element external printer integration for the first specify the gmat word go An agreement he said of specify The suggested contentment on I want is exited they couldn't it'll take about the station testamur buyers and the for disadvantageous elements and practical of born forrest upon test essentials of particle the Turtles and produces the suggested that they make out like to cancel the contract and the father best results vertical or tablet alanta cosme concerts in United States to record button gentiana patiente Russian version of results for you She becomes officially just for the weather constantan Express wants it departments of the card test agreement with integrated and ever Break to convert into will with Skills And testament Show pedicled You Do eat bananas cebutid ostensible twenty years ago and me together in the vast apparel that'll constant Express want I wish that knowledge that love is the United States for the fear that once again I

- Madison Murphy  |  Shareowner Story: Kind: captions Language: en i am chairman of murphy usa i'm a founding member of what is now the murphy arts district as well as a co-owner of presque isle winery i mean everybody has a busy lifestyle with work you're busy whether it's in my case with publicly traded companies and our private businesses are growing our family is growing you have demands on your time and they're not all in one location and in my case they're centered here in the santa maria valley of california and in you know south arkansas and other places while we believe that el dorado arkansas is indeed the center of the universe it is very difficult to get in and out of hence the need for private aircraft we looked at lots of different options in operators and found that airshare really fit our needs was really tailor-made for us in a lot of ways and it just it made the most amount of sense the decision really hinged on the fact that a phenom 300 got us from el dorado arkansas to santa maria valley nonstop flying with airshare is a great experience it's user friendly the app is great booking the flights is easy getting the quotes and then also utilizing airshares offices to get charter quotes when we need a larger aircraft or something that's very seamless also having the ability to exchange into the 100 for a shorter leg was very attractive to us it really provides us both from a business perspective and a personal perspective a degree of latitude and optionality that i particularly value i would certainly recommend airshare and airshare was recommended to me by someone who i trust implicitly and that really carried a lot of weight with me being in the airshare program certainly has allowed me the luxury of getting back and forth between arkansas and presque isle winery with much more ease and much more frequency airshare affords me the opportunity to avail myself of that flexibility and it makes my life so much simpler

  Top Comments:
  1. @NanandCompanyProperties: great information

- The Epstein Files | Part 3 Flight Logs, Names, and Legal Meaning: Kind: captions Language: en Among all the documents connected to this case, none have been more widely shared or more widely misunderstood than flight logs. Lists of names, dates, destinations. For many viewers, these records felt definitive, concrete, inarguable. But in law, meaning does not come from appearance. It comes from limits. Flight logs have very clear limits. A flight log is a transportation record. It documents who boarded an aircraft, where it traveled, and when the flight occurred. That is all. It does not document conversations, does not document intent. It does not document behavior. A flight log cannot tell us why someone traveled, what occurred at the destination, or whether any wrongdoing took place. In court, these distinctions are not subtle. They are foundational. Private aircraft logs exist for practical reasons. Fuel tracking, crew records, maintenance schedules, regulatory compliance. They are not investigative tools by design. When used in court, flight logs serve one purpose only, to establish that a person was physically present on a specific aircraft at a specific time. They are supporting evidence, never stand alone proof. As flight logs entered public discussion, attention shifted rapidly away from victims and toward names, public figures, executives, politicians, academics. For many, the logic felt simple. If a name appears, there must be guilt. But the law does not work on implication. A name can appear in a record for many reasons. Professional travel, social invitations, fundraising events, or entirely unrelated circumstances without corroborating evidence. Presence is not participation. One of the most dangerous outcomes of misunderstood records is guilt by association. In legal systems, association alone is never sufficient. Courts require specific acts, specific intent, and corroboration. Without those elements, accusations collapse. Public discourse, however, often moves differently. Association feels intuitive. Nuance feels unsatisfying. But intuition is not justice. Context determines meaning. A single flight log entry without surrounding evidence is legally neutral. To establish wrongdoing, investigators must show what occurred before the flight, what occurred after, and how actions connect to a criminal act. In Epstein's case, that chain was never fully tested in court, which means flight logs were left to carry more weight than they should. In a trial, flight logs would have been questioned. Witnesses would have been called, timelines challenged, explanations tested. That process is where meaning emerges. Without it, documents remain incomplete. This absence is not proof of hidden truth. It is proof of an interrupted process. As flight logs spread, media narratives simplified them. Lists became headlines. Context became footnotes. This was not necessarily malicious, but it was consequential. Once a name becomes associated with suspicion, disassociation becomes nearly impossible even when no evidence exists. This is why courts move slowly. Speed is the enemy of accuracy. Flight logs can support investigations when paired with other evidence. They can corroborate timelines, can confirm presence when allegations already exist. They can strengthen a case built on testimony and material proof. But they cannot initiate guilt on their own. In Epstein related cases, they were often treated as conclusions rather than supplements. That misunderstanding changed public perception dramatically. Legal meaning exists to prevent harm. Not just harm to defendants, but harm to truth. When documents are misunderstood, victims are overshadowed by speculation. Injustice becomes performative rather than substantive. This case illustrates that danger clearly. With access to records comes responsibility, responsibility to ask, "What does this document actually prove? What does it not prove? And who benefits from misinterpretation?" Understanding legal meaning is not about defending individuals. is about defending process. Flight logs feel tangible. They feel objective. But emotional reactions do not change legal standards. If anything, they demonstrate why those standards exist. Because when emotion replaces evidence, truth becomes collateral damage. Accountability does not come from lists. It comes from trials, from testimony tested under oath, from verdicts delivered in court. That is why one case connected to Epstein stands apart. a case that did reach a verdict. In the next part of this series, we examine the legal proceedings that did not end in ambiguity. A trial, a jury, a verdict.

- How Do Pilots Pass The Time On Long Flights?: Kind: captions Language: en For most passengers, long-haul flights are&nbsp; a matter of endurance aided by a few drinks,&nbsp;&nbsp; inflight entertainment, and trying to get some&nbsp; sleep between meal services. It is an entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; different matter for the people flying the plane&nbsp; as there are still plenty of things to do even&nbsp;&nbsp; after takeoff. Let’s look at what’s happening&nbsp; on the flight deck during these longer flights… Even though flight paths are decided upon&nbsp; before departure, pilots have to monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; weather conditions and decide whether&nbsp; or not to alter them during the flight.&nbsp;&nbsp; On long-haul flights, weather conditions are&nbsp; more likely to change from initial forecasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; with aircraft often encountering multiple&nbsp; weather systems. These systems can vary in&nbsp;&nbsp; intensity from slight turbulence to dangerous&nbsp; thunderstorms. Traveling at high speeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots must be prepared at all times&nbsp; to alter the flight path if necessary. If, for example, they see a&nbsp; thunderstorm on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; they must first get the OK from air traffic&nbsp; control (ATC) to change their route. Clear air turbulence is another worry, and&nbsp; because it cannot be seen on the radar,&nbsp;&nbsp; pilots rely upon the information provided by&nbsp; pilots flying the same route ahead of them. When&nbsp;&nbsp; flying across oceans such as the Atlantic, one&nbsp; pilot's job is to communicate with the ATC while&nbsp;&nbsp; the other monitors a common air-to-air frequency&nbsp; that pilots use to communicate with each other. The entire time a flight is&nbsp; in the air, the pilots monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; all kinds of gauges to ensure that the&nbsp; plane performs how it is supposed to. Making sure that the temperature of the fuel&nbsp; is not too cold is another thing pilots must&nbsp;&nbsp; monitor. If the fuel cools down too much,&nbsp; its flow can be restricted due to waxing.&nbsp;&nbsp; If this happens, pilots can rectify&nbsp; the situation by descending, or by&nbsp;&nbsp; increasing the aircraft's speed (and,&nbsp; thus, its skin temperature). However,&nbsp;&nbsp; this isn't a particularly frequent occurrence,&nbsp; as engine oil helps fuel to retain heat. While one of the pilots monitors all the&nbsp; gauges, the other will be busy taking care&nbsp;&nbsp; of the paperwork. Before the flight, the&nbsp; pilots are given a written flight plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Anything that deviates from this&nbsp; must be written down as notes. Outside of these important activities,&nbsp; long-haul flying can be very boring for pilots.&nbsp;&nbsp; During cruise phases, pilots will often pass&nbsp; the time by making small talk with one another,&nbsp;&nbsp; or doing some reading. Smartphone games and&nbsp; good old fashioned crossword puzzles might be&nbsp;&nbsp; additional forms of entertainment&nbsp; found on the flight deck. Finally, just like passengers,&nbsp; enjoying inflight meals&nbsp;&nbsp; is another part of the long-haul pilot experience. The pilots typically wait until the passengers&nbsp; have been served and then eat separately.&nbsp;&nbsp; They do this so that there is&nbsp; always one person at the controls. For long flights over twelve hours, there&nbsp; are one or two relief pilots onboard&nbsp;&nbsp; so that the two pilots who performed the&nbsp; takeoff can take a break and get some rest. There are just two pilots on shorter&nbsp; long-haul flights of eight or nine&nbsp;&nbsp; hours. The only opportunity they get to&nbsp; leave their seats and stretch their legs&nbsp;&nbsp; is when they go to the bathroom. Did you know about these long-haul duties and&nbsp; activities? Let us know by leaving a comment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TATCHIWONG [2 likes]: Tgey play POKERMON😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  2. @boogie4943 [1 likes]: I'm a pilot. All I did was get blown by heaps of sexy air hostesses. If it was a long haul flight, I'd join the mile high club.😁🤣
  3. @sakredcow [1 likes]: the mile high club...
  4. @unnamedchannel1237 [1 likes]: I used to play candy crush
  5. @AjF392 [1 likes]: Flyers don't pass the time, they LOG the time. 😎
  6. @Boody617: They take turns sucking each other’s cocks
  7. @Xxxx-d4z: THEY ABOUT THEIR FLIGHT ATTENDANTS ALWAYS.
  8. @Ckeete: When I was a pilot, my co-pilot and I once had “fart wars” to pass time.  Don’t ask.
  9. @Velocity8842: Found ts again
  10. @Ze0do0Gas: I hope both pilots don't eat the fish dish
  11. @Ilebuda: I have heard about other activities.
  12. @williamoleary1410: Pass the time? They better be fully focused on every detail of the flight until they land.
  13. @Patriotalliance: Typically they just bitch about pay, schedule and seniority. Ask me how I know...
  14. @shortstoryteller-i5p: We know one thing for sure. They do not endure themselves playing gambling apps to pass the time.  😅
  15. @RammingSpeed-lk8kk: Probably play Microsofy Flight Simulator
  16. @dougmarshall4010: There is a heat exchanger whereby hot oil from the engine keeps fuel at optimal temperature at cruise altitude. It’s all automatic. They put the autopilot on. Any malfunction brings up a visual and audible alarm. They don’t have to do much. At 35,000 feet, there is very little weather to worry about. No rain, no icing, just clear air turbulence.
  17. @austinteutsch: I had an old classmate of mind who flew from LaGuadia to Heathrow, did a layover and then blew back over a 2.5 day.  He ran that route for 13 years and he told me of one co-pilot of his who took a flight attendant into the bathroom, screwed her, and then returned to his seat.  He said that pilot was doing that on almost every run.  Talk about stress reduction!
  18. @ΝικοςΣοφικιτης-λ9φ: Yeahh…right
  19. @willpcs3453: Political discussion keeps you awake.
  20. @pppexplorer: What are the pilots doing during turbulence, especially if it gets severe?

- The UnXplained: The Wright’s Brothers Revolutionize Flying (Season 3) | History: Kind: captions Language: en december 17 1903 kitty hawk north carolina witnesses gathered to watch the final test of a revolutionary new flying machine invented by brothers wilbur and orville wright orville took his position in the cradle wilbur was on the right wing they started the engine and behold 40 feet down the rail the aircraft lifts up they flew 120 feet in 12 seconds 12 seconds that changed the history of mankind forever the successful test of the wright brothers flying machine was a watershed moment in human history the 12-second flight proved that sustained controlled powered flight was in fact possible for the wright brothers this achievement was the fulfillment of a childhood dream one of the most extraordinary things about the rights is the fact that they were two ordinary people from a middle class family in ohio [Music] their father was a bishop and he was a voracious reader and so there were books in the right household of all sorts their mother was a sort of mechanical whiz she loved fixing things building them toys and so they got a sort of taste from her a kind of mechanical taste the story of the wright brothers actually started 25 years before kitty hawk when they were seven and 11 years old when their father brought home the toy flying machine built by a frenchman alfonso panel this was powered by force of a twisted rubber band and that really amazed the wright brothers because they had never seen a toy flying machine in their lives being curious they played with it and they broke it but they didn't just throw it away first they repaired it but then they started to reproduce the toy themselves the wrights owned the right cycle company in in dayton ohio and they were bicycle salesmen uh and and repairmen they were always curious technically minded motivated young people who built a bicycle shop and made a profit in order to put money into test flights at one point wilbur says the problem of flight is actually a thousand problems first you have to raise the money to solve the problem well that's a very different disposition than the technical mind who can figure out the uh the equations for air pressure and lift and these sorts of things in 1899 the wright brothers performed their first flight experiment by testing a rudimentary kite flyer they also looked to nature for clues on how to solve the problem of power flight they saw all these examples in nature of flight the butterfly the dragonflies the buzzards and vultures and they found that there were two methods of flight the fast wing beaters and then the sauron birds they patted their machine after a particular bird the turkey vulture which was a very good soaring bird they would read books about animal locomotion and look at bird's wings and people were like what are those guys doing but they were looking at the way the birds twist their wings because neither of them went to college the rights benefited from breaking the chains that might have otherwise have bound their minds the wright brothers took these unconventional observations of animals flying in nature and applied them to their flight experiments this innovative approach would prove to be a stroke of genius the major breakthrough that the wright brothers discovered was the curvature of the wing has a dramatic effect on the ability to produce lift wilbur one day was in the bicycle shop and he held a bicycle inner tube box and as he twisted the ends of the box he had an aha moment and realize that the box ends move very much like the wingtips of the birds he integrated that idea into what he called wing warping in the wing design that we see on the 1903 right flyer the wright brothers always said when people asked them what got you interested in flight what made it such that you wanted to solve the problem of flight why did you persevere through all your failures they would say we did it for fun we were having fun and then they would say we were frustrated that a lot of smart people thought flight should work and it didn't work and we wanted to know why and we wanted to fix it the wright brothers incredible innovations allowed them to solve the centuries-old mystery of powered flight in fact so much of what we take for granted today from commercial airlines space shuttles can be traced back to these two ordinary brothers and their unlikely stroke of genius there were many people before the rights who attempted to create flying machines you can think about people like leonardo da vinci you can think about edison who was interested in the problem alexander graham bell the genius of the wright brothers is what they had was a gumption to say why not us you

  Top Comments:
  1. @HISTORY [12 likes]: Watch all new episodes of The UnXplained, Fridays at 9/8c, and stay up to date on all of your favorite The HISTORY Channel shows at http://history.com/schedule.
  2. @rapha_q7966 [1 likes]: This is the biggest fake news in history.  Santos Dumont invented plane. The Wright brothers invented Angry Birds.
  3. @marcomenezes9135: 340 kg com 12 hp, com essa falta de petróleo deviam voltar com esta tecnologia.
  4. @aypenutbutter: Thank goodness they thought outside the box
  5. @wolfboy8482: The story of the Wright Bros has always been my favorite subject in American history.  I read a book about them in 1970 during the 4th grade, growing up in Arkansas. I read another book about them 50 years later while actually in North Carolina
  6. @energeticodegoiaba6974: santos dumont>
  7. @GioBenji-m5r: 👏🏻👏🏻
  8. @TonyBorger-yi3wl: WRONG 
NOT the wright brothers. A prototype aeroplane using electroaerodynamic propulsion flew for 12 seconds, the same as the Wright brothers achieved with their maiden flight. 
It is a historical fact that the Wright brothers flew their bird-like monoplane on 17 December 1903. But New Zealander Richard Pearse was the first person to fly, as early as 31 March 1902, more than 18 monthsbefore the Wright brothers.
Later, witnesses reported that Pearse flew 400 metres and soft-landed on a hedge on his Timaru farm. His aircraft was also the first to use proper ailerons, instead of the inferior warping system that the Wrights used.

And the deal struck by the wright brothers with the smithsonian institute is if they admit they are wrong then they lose the Wright brothers plane on display.
  9. @janetshleweit615: The only way I could do that was if
  10. @MrRandymens: The Sky Exploration Began Here. Before Moon Landing Permit was Granted by God. Bishop Sons
  11. @dr.wilfriedhitzler: Otto Lilienthal discovered the curved profile as the key to the lift of wings - more than one decade before the Wright Brothers. BE MARITAL, they knew that! Don’t tell lies here!
  12. @allgood6760: Our Richard Pearse flew in MARCH 1903 and he had eye witness testimony.. cheers from NZ mate 🇳🇿
  13. @scruge100: They stole the idea. Infact, they stole the entire plane. This is yet another lie! If they really invented it, why aren't they one of the riches families on the planet? Think about it.
  14. @renatocann5142: 1:02 Wait you're saying people from a MIDDLE CLASS FAMILY from... OHIO (gasp) can achieve things?? What a stupid way of framing it.
  15. @pabloportilho86: Was man call Santos Dumont that did aero plain to flay for minuts ...
  16. @suzanibafazi8661https: WHAT IS INTERESTING 🧐 IS THAT EVIDENCE HAS COME OUT THAT BLACK 🙎🏿‍♂️ AMERICAN 🇺🇲 SLAVE CHARLES FREDERICK PAGE INVENTED THE MORE BALLOON 🎈🎈 AIRCRAFT 🛩️ A MONTH BEFORE THEM BUT BECAUSE HE WAS A SLAVE AND IT WAS DURING JIM CROW SEGREGATION HE NEVER GOT CREDIT THEY DID.
  17. @Philemathics-tc2nu: ❤❤
  18. @leolacasse6278: that machine  has cost humanity so many lives, from hiroshima to tenerife, should never been invented. If god meant for man to fly, he would have given us wings.
  19. @storytellerblr: What is the movie name??
  20. @Rasim-b3f: It starts with a daydream

- Make Money with Fractional Jet Ownership The Investment prespective: Kind: captions Language: en picture this you stroll past the endless security lines the chaotic gate announcements and the poor souls fighting over the last charging spot no cramped seats no middle seat battles just you stepping into a gleaming private jet like a VIP the flight crew greets you by name a chill glass of champagne awaits and your only concern deciding whether to nap or admire the view at 40,000 ft sounds like a Billionaire's fantasy well with fractional jet ownership this luxury isn't just for the ultra Rich it's an investment that could make you money while you fly and style what is fractional jet ownership fractional jet ownership is like having a VIP pass to the skies without paying for the whole plane imagine it as a time share but instead of vacation condo you get access to a high-end private jet instead of shelling out tens of Millions for your own aircraft and deal dealing with endless maintenance headaches you buy a slice of the jet alongside other savy investors this grants you a set number of flight hours per year giving you the luxury of private air travel without the full financial burden no more scrambling for first class upgrades or dealing with crowded terminals you show up bored and take off like a celebrity the best part you don't have to worry about hiring Pilots handling insurance or managing upkeep professionals take care of it all it's a blend of prestige and practicality offering you a seamless stress-free flying experience whether you need a jet for business trips or luxurious getaways fractional ownership makes private Aviation both accessible and smart why settle for commercial flights when you can enjoy the high life at a fraction of the cost it's like owning a private jet minus the hassle plus the profit the investment landscape the private aviation industry is soaring to new heights in 2025 with demand for private jets skyrocketing like never before valued at a hefty $ 34.9 billion in 2024 The Business Jet Market is expected to climb steadily at a growth rate of 4.8% annually over the next decade this boom isn't just a passing Trend it's driven by an increasing appetite for flexible time-saving and luxurious travel options especially among High net worth individuals and corporate Executives who refuse to be at the mercy of commercial airlines with delays crowded airports and unpredictable schedules becoming unbearable more Travelers are turning to private Aviation for convenience privacy and efficiency the industry's momentum is further cemented by groundbreaking deals like the recent $7 billion agreement between Brazilian aircraft manufacturers imer and flex jet a major player in ownership this massive order for Phenom and preder executive Jets highlights the growing shift towards shared private Aviation where investors enjoy all the perks of private jet travel without the financial strain of sole ownership as more Business Leaders entrepreneurs and luxury Travelers seek better alternatives to commercial flying the fractional jet Market is poised to become an even bigger Bigg ger Powerhouse in the years ahead it's no longer just about flying in style it's about making a smart investment that pays off in both convenience and financial returns why consider fractional ownership fractional jet ownership isn't just about flying in luxury it's about flying smart buying an entire jet means shelling out Millions UPF front followed by a NeverEnding stream of expenses for maintenance fuel insurance and crew salaries it's like owning a mansion you barely live in impressive but financially draining fractional ownership on the other hand lets you enjoy all the perks of private Aviation at a fraction of the cost making it a far more practical Choice one of the biggest advantages guaranteed availability no more scrambling for last minute first class tickets or dealing with unpredictable Airline schedules your jet is ready when you are ensuring seamless stress-free travel even better you don't have to worry about the headaches of jet management no dealing with maintenance schedules pilot certifications or Federal Aviation Administration regulations regulations fractional ownership companies handle everything so all you have to do is show up relax and enjoy the ride whether you're jetting off for a crucial business meeting or escaping to a Tropical Paradise this model gives you VIP treatment without the financial baggage of full ownership in short you get all the luxury none of the hassle and a smarter way to take to the skies market trends and growth drivers the private jet industry is not just thriving it's evolving at a rapid Pace adapting to new demands and groundbreaking Innovations the market is on an upward trajectory with projections indicating steady growth of at least 3% annually between 2019 and 2025 but it's not just about more jets in the sky it's about smarter more efficient Aviation one of the biggest game changers sustainability as climate concerns take Center Stage private jet manufacturers are stepping up their game by embracing eco-friendly advancements sustainable Aviation fuels are leading the charge with some modern jets already capable of running on up to 100% sustainable Aviation fuels significantly reducing their carbon footprint Additionally the rise of hybrid electric and fully electric aircraft is reshaping the industry promising cleaner and More cost-effective Travel luxury no longer comes at the expense of the planet Innovation is making private Aviation more responsible and Future Ready with more Business Leaders and investors lean towards Greener Solutions the industry's future looks as bright as a jet cruising at 40,000 ft the Financial upside fractional jet ownership isn't just about flying in style it's about making a Smart Financial move while many see private jets as a luxury Savvy investors recognize them as an appreciating asset in a booming Market with demand for private travel surging a share in a well-maintained aircraft can increase in value over time offering potential Financial returns Beyond just convenience the market for fractional ownership stood at $3.5 billion in 2023 and is projected to grow at an impressive 7.1% annually this isn't just a passing Trend it's a lucrative opportunity backed by strong industry demand and evolving travel preferences as more High net worth individuals and businesses opt for flexible private Aviation Solutions the value of fractional shares continues to climb so whether you're in it for Prestige the convenience vence or the potential profit fractional jet ownership is proving to be one of the smartest investments in modern travel choosing the right program picking the right fractional jet ownership program is like choosing the perfect travel companion you want reliability transparency and no hidden surprises not all providers are created equal so it's essential to do your homework before signing on the dotted line a reputable company with a well-maintained fleet and clear pricing structures should be at the top of your list consider how many flight hours you'll get annually and whether they align with your travel needs don't overlook monthly management fees and operational costs these can add up quickly if you're not careful pay close attention to the terms of your agreement including exit options and resale value as a solid program should offer flexibility when you decide to sell your share the right provider won't just give you access to luxury travel they'll ensure a seamless stress-free experience that makes private jet ownership truly worth the investment potential drawbacks while fractional jet ownership has plenty of perks it's not all smooth skies there are a few turbulence points to consider the biggest hurdle the initial buyin unlike a spontaneous vacation this investment requires a hefty upfront payment typically ranging from $600 and $50,000 to $1.2 million depending on the aircraft and your share size then there's depreciation just like a luxury car Jets lose value over time which could impact the resale price of your share another factor to keep in mind is scheduling while fractional programs promise availability you're still sharing the aircraft with other owners meaning P travel times might require Advanced booking and let's not forget maintenance delays because even private jets need a tune up now and then while these challenges don't overshadow the benefits they're worth considering before you commit to Life in the Fast airlane if flying private at a fraction of the cost sounds like a dream then fractional jet ownership might just be your golden ticket to the skies so what do you think would you trade in those crowded airport lines for VIP treatment at 40,000 ft let us know in the comments and and don't forget to like subscribe and hit that Bell icon so you never miss out on the latest luxury travel and Aviation insights

- Fractional Jet Ownership 101: Buy Time, Not the Plane: Kind: captions Language: en Money can buy almost anything, but it can only buy time in one specific way, private aviation. The problem, buying a jet is a logistical nightmare. The solution for the smart money, fractional ownership. Private jets look like luxury, but fractional ownership is really a math problem. Instead of buying an entire aircraft, you buy a fraction, often 1/16 to 1/4. That share gives you a fixed number of flight hours. The operator handles everything else. Here's the math of the sky. Fly under 25 hours, charter. Fly over 400 hours, buy the whole plane. But in the Goldilocks zone, 50 to 400 hours, fractional is the mathematical winner. The cost structure has three parts. One, the share price, upfront capital for the asset, usually recoverable upon exit. Light jets start around $500,000. Large cabin can exceed $6,000,000. Two, monthly management, pilots, hangars, insurance, the subscription to readiness, $7,000 to $45,000 per month, depending on aircraft. Three, hourly rate, fuel and maintenance. You only pay when you fly, $3,500 to $9,000 per hour. It's not cheap. It's controlled. Here's where it gets interesting. The 2025 tax law permanently restored 100% bonus depreciation for qualified business aircraft. Deduct the entire share cost in year one. The tax benefits can fundamentally change the math. The risk, depreciation. Unlike art or real estate, a jet is a depreciating asset. Values can drop 15 to 20% from market peaks. Don't view this as an investment, view it as an expense for efficiency. You're trading capital for hours of your life back. A jet share is a six or seven-figure line item on your balance sheet. Don't let it disappear into the background. Track the residual value of your share alongside your stocks and real estate in Kubera. See the cost of your lifestyle. See the value of your time. Private aviation isn't about status. It's about time as your most valuable asset. Fly smarter. Track clearer. With Kubera.

- Buy or Upgrade? | Considerations for Aircraft Buyers: Kind: captions Language: en better off buying an aircraft that has everything I want or and spending a little bit more for it or buying something that has nothing and doing it all myself and the answer is always buy it the way that you want it and and there's it's because it's controlled right so you don't have the downtime which right now we don't even know what that really would be I think it's like construction if they tell you it's two months it's probably gonna be four um if they tell you it's 50k it's probably gonna be 75 now there's a lot of software upgrades but as people are finding out anybody that's got a 530 or 430 gns unit in the Piston world or in the turbo prop world they're finding out they have no support anymore so if it breaks you got to replace it 10 years ago we used to give credits for those units today it's a deduction I mean so that that's a really good example um you start talking about engines that too gets very confusing so are you getting your engine overhauled are you buying a factory reman in the businessjet world I think everybody throws around these terms engine programs and they're not all the same some programs are term programs yeah some programs don't provide any coverage for the overhaul some don't provide any coverage for the life limited components which generates the vast majority of the expenses at the overhaul it's getting really popular now to kind of Kick the Can right what I mean by that is no program you know 25y old airplane and engines are coming due they either go by time or they do a hot section or a midlife or they don't I mean I it's kind of crazy what I'm saying and then they try and value it the same as if it was on a program the entire time there's a reason why we like programs because we can treat an aircraft or the engines as if there's zero time for imp perpetuity that's the best way to look at

- Why I'm Buying PLANES (And You Should Too): Kind: captions Language: en You ever heard the saying, "If it flies or floats, you should rent it." Well, what about the guy who rents stuff like this and makes $80,000 a year every single time he does? He does one deal, and the average person can quit their job over it. Today, we're going to be meeting Chris Fitch, a good friend of mine that without him, I would not own this plane, all on creative terms. This guy is using aviation to make a ton of money. And the best part of this video today is not just breaking down his business and how he's doing what he's doing, but also how anybody 15, 25, 95 years old can make 10, 15, $20,000 in the next 2 weeks using this creative strategy where money is falling from the sky. [Music] What's up, brother? What's going on, big dog? Let's go look at some blades today. Let's go. Today in this video with Chris and I, we're going to be walking through the Falcon Field Airport and showing you skills that can be applied to any type of business. Whether it's buying a business, a laundromat, car wash, RV parks, apartment buildings, every skill that you learn in this video can be applied to all of those asset types. So, stick around so you can learn those skills. All right. So, most people look at an airplane and they see liability. You look at it and you say, "Dude, that's 80 grand. That's 100 grand. That thing could make me money for the rest of my life." What the hell kind of business are you running, man? I'm running an aircraft flip business and an aircraft leasing business with the same exact creative terms that I've learned from the sub 2 community. Dude, I appreciate you and I appreciate you saying that. It's crazy actually to see what you're doing with planes. Last year, you did something like 25 planes. And what I understand, correct me where I'm wrong, you're taking an airplane. Sometimes you're buying sub 2 or seller finance. Sometimes you'll do burr where you'll finance it up front, refinance with a a a good bank. And then you're turning around and leasing it to who? I'm leasing it to flying clubs and flight schools primarily. And every now and then I'll find what's called a time builder, somebody who needs a,000 hours to get to the airlines that fly the big things. Sometimes they'll lease it just oneoffs. But uh my primary target is flight school. I seen the parallels between what Pace was teaching in real estate and what I was doing with uh with my airplane deals. Anything you do with real estate, you can do with an airplane. And that goes all the way down to an airplane essentially going through a foreclosure. If you finance an airplane through the bank and you're not making your note, we call it closing. They'll close on you. They'll take they'll take the collateral back. So, I've been able to find airplanes in that manner. I've been able to find tax lans on airplanes. I've been able to go out and fly for dollars just like you guys go out and drive for dollars. I fly to municipal airports and I identify aircraft that I know haven't been moved in quite some time based off of the condition of the airplane. Like some things I look for is a uh a real dusty windshield, um grazed paint, uh hail damage, uh really low tire pressures, things like that. Like for example, let's say you you you find an old junker car in your grandpa's backyard. Well, you know that it hasn't moved in 5 10 years. I look for the same exact things with airplanes and uh those are pain points. They're immediate pain points. Simple reminder, this applies to every asset type. As you're looking for distressful situations where opportunities lie, it does not matter the asset type. So although Chris might be talking about airplanes right now, if you're somebody looking into RV parks or buying a business, everything that you're learning right now in this skill, it all applies. How where did you learn this? So, I learned it by being in the industry. I've been flying for 14 years. I'm an aircraft mechanic. I got familiar with the process, but simultaneously I knew I had to invest. So, I started at the ground level doing single family homes, but the timeline to success was astronomical. So, I had to come up with a model that would allow me to accumulate passive income, but still replicate a model that exists. So, I didn't reinvent the wheel on this. All I did was change out the asset class. Instead of single family homes, I'm using airplanes. Okay. What's interesting is I would never think that somebody would want to rent one of these planes for that much money. What are they doing with the plane? So, I am businessto business primarily. So, it's not, you know, Bobby Joe who's written this airplane for the most part. It's another company who has an ecosystem in place to take care of the airplane, to pay the insurance, to pay the taxes, to pay the maintenance, and fifth and most important, to keep it flying and generating revenue. This plane got refurbished, cleaned up, and now is ready to to fly, and it looks sharp. Are you having to do that on every one of these planes that you're finding? No, absolutely not. So, if I want the greatest margin and the deepest discount, I go and look for distressed airplanes. A lot of the times I buy aircraft turnkey. So, I'll go source a lease, get it locked in, and then go buy an airplane. And the best part about this is I never see the airplane. Oh my gosh. The flight school flies out to the airplane, picks it up, fies it, and it's turnkey, starting to generate revenue day one. Where are these flight schools located? all over the country. So, if you get on the FA website and just Google FA141 flight schools, the FA literally generates a list in Excel for you and you can just cold call all the way down the line until you find a flight school who needs an airplane. You've got 5 to 10 schools right here on this airport. And you're telling me that you find distressed airplanes. I imagine those are maybe in somebody's backyard and you can't have access to them, right? No, not at all. Where where are they located? They're located right here on your local airport. So, if you're in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, I would Google local airport in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, and then hit directions to drive your car up, come out to the airport, and start looking for signs of distress. The more I learn about airplanes and finding distressed opportunities, the more I realize this is applicable on every single asset type. It is absolutely crazy the parallels between single family houses and airplanes. So, as we look for airplane distress, we're finding the exact same distress. People in retirement, people going through divorce or breakups or maybe they don't have the money to continue to repair the thing that they own. It does not matter the asset type. This is applicable to everything. So, you're telling me we could find a plane right now that's in distress at this airport? I'm not only telling you, I'm guaranteeing it. Okay. So, we go find that. Then you turn around, you buy on sub 2 or seller finance, and you then lease it to the flight school that's also in the same airport. Yes. Why the hell is the flight school not doing that themselves? Because they're flight school operators. You know, uh, as an entrepreneur, you get what's called FOMO, fear of missing out. So, if a flight school started directing its focus to fix and flips and leasing, they'd no longer be in the flight school business. Okay, let's talk some numbers. Let's get into why don't we find one of these planes and let's find something that's distressed. You tell us what kind of plane it is and you tell us what you think you can make on that plane if a seller sold it to you. Are you up for that? I would love to. Okay, let's do that. What are most of the motivators when somebody's selling a plane that's not being used? Usually the operator of the aircraft has passed away. That's that's one of the biggest motivators. So, what ends up happening is let's say I'm the head of my household and I wanted to get my pilot's license and it was my dream and I did it and then I went and got an airplane and that was my baby for 30 years and I suddenly passed away, had a heart attack. The airplane got lost in translation. Everybody forgot about it because it was out of sight and then a guy like me 5 years later brings it up to the family and says, "Hey, do you guys know you own an airplane?" And you know, they'll tell you the whole history, whose it was, what happened to it, and then you ask them, hey, would you guys be willing to allow me to take care of this liability for you? And often times they will give you the airplane. No, they it's it's almost like curative title. You'll literally just fix the you'll just take ownership. They don't even want any money. They don't cuz it's such a liability for them for them to get it up and running. insurance, hanger fees, maintenance, rental, maintenance, maintenance. If you let an airplane sit for 3 to 5 years, your maintenance costs are astronomical to get it back to an airworthiness condition. And that's just one example with a distressed aircraft maintenance-wise. There's multiple areas of distress with an airplane transaction. you're behind on taxes, you're not meeting the note, somebody dies in the family, that not not all distress means the airplane's in bad shape. So, if uh let's say you're new to flipping airplanes and you want to go out and get a distressed aircraft, it doesn't necessarily mean you should go out and get one that needs significant repairs. it'd probably be in your best interest to get through a full transaction first and get an airplane that's up and running within its inspection period. So, same same with real estate. You want to start with single family homes. That's that's my opinion. You're not going to want to try to get into the jet world. That's that's like taking on a multif family deal and you've never done it before. Okay. So, here we are. We've got over what do you call this? Hangers. These are awnings. Okay. So, you got covered awnings out here at this airport. I own a plane now because of you and I don't even know what this is called. So, I've got a little plane right here. It says Cherokee on it. I imagine it's a Piper manufacturer. Yep. Looks like an older plane. Would you immediately identify problems with this plane or does is this plane actually probably okay? No, this plane's probably okay. And the number one indicator of that is my tires. I'm looking at my tires and the pressure and the windshield. Okay. So, first thing you're looking at is air pressure on the tire. Correct. If that's low, what that what does that tell you? That means it hasn't flown in quite some time. Okay, got it. So, it's like broken windows on a house almost. Exactly. So, I've got this plane. I want to go find you a deal. I want to bring Chris a deal because you're going to go and make a lot more money than me, but I'm a young buck. What are five things I should look at? Check those off the box before I even waste your time and say, "Hey, Chris, I found you a deal." So, the first things I look for in numerical order is one, the tires. The condition of the tires are the very first thing that draw me in. and just even standing back and looking at it, you can see the airplane leaning one way or another and then you identify that, hey, it probably hasn't flown in a while. Two is faded paint. Cracked and crazed paint are are a big indicator that it has been neglected for quite some time. If it is sitting out in the sun and I've got a lot of cracked headliners, interior is not in good shape, like the interior in this thing is in outstanding shape. It looks phenomenal. I have a pretty good feeling that this airplane flies fairly regularly. Okay. At the very least once a month because they keep the windshields clean. They have good visibility. Tire pressure is okay. The paint it could use a paint job, but I wouldn't consider it uh a a super distressing. What do you guys call this piece of the airplane right here? That's a wheel fairing. Okay. A wheel fairing. Looks like there's damage here. That doesn't really indicate that this is a big problem, right? No, not to me. Okay. I I I would be able to comfortably fly this airplane if I were to inspect the maintenance logs based off of the general maintenance and aesthetics of the airplane as it is now. Hey, here's the thing. When you're listening to somebody like Chris or myself, you can very quickly get lost in the sauce because they're so good. They're so detailed. But what this should amplify is two things. Number one, get out and take action. Number two, take action and apply these skills with somebody who's a pro. Don't try and do this stuff on your own. It's pretty obvious Chris knows what he's talking about. In fact, probably some of it's going over your head. Maybe even some of my videos I've done about apartment buildings have gone over your head. But that should highlight to you that these skills should be applied while you work and JB with somebody who's a pro. Okay, got it. So, why don't we go down the line and try and find a plane that you can identify that would be a good deal and let's talk about what you think the numbers would be in your pocket or what you would maybe pay a bird dog. Perfect. Okay. So, this one, which is like four planes in, I'm going to You're my mentor. I'm your mentee. I got paint coming across. I got a whole paint job needs to be done. This isn't just maintenance. It looks like to me it looks like a complete overhaul is being done here. They're missing all sorts of parts underneath. This thing looks like it's a distress seller. Am I right or wrong here? That's 100% accurate. Okay. Okay. And then the other thing it seems like is they're putting a towel on top of here because it's sitting so long in the sun that they shoved a towel here. They know it's not really being flown a lot. Yes. And when somebody has a problem like this, airplanes are not cheap to fix, right? Yep. They're not. So, this is an expensive problem that somebody has. Yes. Okay. So, this is a good opportunity. Absolutely. What you just did is identified all of my pain points as the owner and you have no experience. Now, imagine a guy with experience to identify even more pain coins. It's multi-layered at that point cuz I still have to dig into the engine. I have to check my oil. I have to look at an oil analysis. I have to make sure that there's no metal inside the engine. There's not even belts connecting. There's multiple pain points that I can identify even further being a certified aircraft mechanic. Okay. So, you call a seller like this. What are you what are you saying to them? So, when I call a seller like this, I use childlike curiosity and I don't let them know my experience and my background because it's not necessary. I'm only asking why they have the airplane, why the airplane's not flying, why the airplane is in a dilapidated condition, what's their plan to get it up and running, and then I identify all the expenses that they're incurring it sitting right here. This is not free. Whoever owns this airplane is paying monthly rent for this spot specifically. And it's probably not cheap because we're in a major metropolitan area. So to get into this as someone with no experience, you can technically do this with zero money in the game. And what I mean by that is let's say you found a uh a distressed aircraft. Uh a pilot dies. He has a heart attack and he has a Cessna 172 sitting at the municipal airport. his wife or his heirs need to get rid of that aircraft, but they don't know how. And you come in because you you have a a painoint to capitalize on. Hey, ma'am, I I I understand that u you're going through a difficult time. I would love to be able to help you get this aircraft off your hands. Would you be willing to be my bank? We can do seller financing. And then I then explain what creative seller financing is. And this is how I can give you the number you want if you give me the terms I need to relinquish the asset over to me. And then I go off and I either a lease it as is if it's in great condition or b put some money into it and then lease it back out or sell it. And then you're asking, well, hey, you just said I can do this with $0. That's correct. Just because you have to put cash into it doesn't mean it has to be your cash. I do this in two different ways. First way is I get the terms I need for the asset itself. And then the cash comes from a private money lender or a hard money lender and I bridge those together to create a spread. So the arbitrage on this is massive. If you get your systems in place to churn this on a systematic process, any any ballpark guesstimation on what this plane would you what you would pay for this ballpark guess? I would pay probably five grand for this as is five grand. Yes. Is it because you have so much work on this one in particular, you got to refurbish this? This is not one of those planes that you find and you can immediately put back into service. You have to take this plane, bring it to your shop. You probably have to take the wings off, put it on a trailer, take it to your shop in Texas, do work on it. So, you're going to say, "Give me I'll give you 5 grand. Just take it off your hat." Correct. Okay, got it. And I can understand that. Like, I I'm looking at all the problems. You're going to have to repaint this whole thing. You're going to have to bond. What are you doing? Bondo. That depends how deep that corrosion goes through. But a lot of times when I see corrosion like that, you may end up having to take a piece of the skin off the wing itself. And we call it res-kinning. and metal work is not shaped. Got it. Okay. So, $5,000 for a plane like this. Once you get this operational, you're going to put how much money into this plane? This airplane particularly, if I knew I had a buyer lined up who had a set price and wanted a specific rehab, I would back into it that way. But if I didn't, I would look at 30 to 50 grand to get this thing up and going. Okay. So, now you're all into this thing. 50 plus closing cost plus the $5,000 purchase. You're into it. let's say $60,000 all in, right? And maybe you're 60 days down the road, you're 60 grand all in. You would maybe borrow private money to do that. Then you'd refinance with a lender. Do you think that if you rehab this thing, put 50 grand into it, it could be worth 90 or $100,000? Absolutely. So, you could refinance burst strategy-wise, get all your money out, and now you've got a loan with a bank, and now you can go lease this out. Correct. All right. Private money. You heard it. every single asset type, even airplanes, need private money lenders. So, those gators out there learning from this YouTube channel, guys, there's another way for you to deploy your money. Now, when you guys are going through and listening to these conversations, remember there's always videos on our YouTube channel talking about Gator private money, how you can raise money. But private money lenders aren't just putting money into houses or apartments or those types of things. Sometimes they're also lending money to people like Chris or myself when we're flipping airplanes. This one particularly would be difficult to lease. This would be a flip. I would sell this to a private buyer and they would keep this as their hobby. Dude, this is just like real estate. It's literally just like real estate. There's houses that I would never lease out. There's houses I just flip. Exactly. So, let's do this. Let me show you how I identify an aircraft within 10 seconds. So, I look at that thing on the tail called the tail number. Okay. So, this is like the address of the This is the address of the plane. That's even better than an address. And I'll tell you why. When you get a list of distressed properties, you're able to skip trace the owner and you got to go through this long arduous process to actually get in contact with somebody who knows anything about the property, especially if it's a vacant property. With airplanes, your life is much easier cuz there's a giant number on every tail that says in and whatever the number is. If you Google the number on the tail, it'll say FAA registry information. You click on that link and within that link, it tells you all of the information about who owns it, the owner's address, the type of airplane, the serial number, and it has to have an updated address. It's an FA regulation. You have to have an updated address. You know the owner. See, look. That's better than Google. He knows the owner. This is the same thing with like again it's a parallel of real estate. Let's say I'm not an airplane guy. It's pretty obvious. I find a plane like this. I'm comfortable calling a seller and going, "Hey, I know a company. I have a friend that would be interested in buying this plane." That's what I would do if I'm a bird dog. I would just be curious and go, "I know nothing about planes. I just saw your plane. Had a flat tire. Had a this, had a that. Would you be interested in selling and actually talking to my friend?" I go find an interested party. I bring them to you. You pay me 5, 10, 15 grand, depending on how good of a deal it is, and I pass it on to the person that actually knows what the hell they're doing. Yep. Same thing in flipping. People that are like, "I don't want to flip. I don't know how to raise the money, manage the contractors, pull the permits. I don't want to worry about balancing time frames and inspectors from the city. I'd rather just find somebody else a deal and get paid today." That's exactly what we do. And how many opportunities are there? That's the That's the thing. I look at this, I'm like, I can't even see half the planes in the hangers that are actually closed up. The ones that are underneath the awnings, that's pretty obvious. But are there ways that I don't even have to go to the airport and I can find these types of planes? Yes, absolutely. So, if you Google FA registry, you are legally permitted to see all 300,000 FA registered aircraft on a database. I just pulled the list two days ago, Excel spreadsheet. I literally have the names and addresses of every aircraft owner that's registered in the United States. Wow. And will So then you will be able to segment out and go, "Okay, I want these years. I want this make and model." And then you'll identify those things and what let's say that out of 300,000 registered planes, maybe you get 30,000 that would actually fit for you, 10% of them. That do you think that's accurate? That's very accurate. You see this phone right here? This is a portal to making money. The problem is you need to take this phone and dial a number. So the tool he's talking about when finding airplanes is the FAA list. For me, when I'm calling, let's say, single family properties. I want to call foreclosure. I want to call people in probate. I want to call people in divorce. I want to find distress situations on a list. And the place that I get those lists, I use Dillsauce. You can use Zillow. There's a whole bunch of places you can go. Heck, you could even go to cruxy.com. But you need to find the list of the people you're calling, pick up this freaking money maker, and make some calls. So, Pace, what I want to point out right here is a prime example of a distressed aircraft. Okay. Ooh. Can we see flat tires? Yes. Flat tire. Can we see faded paint? Yes. Can we see a windshield that hasn't been washed in quite some time? Oh, man. It's not just one tire. It's all three tires. It's all of them. Okay, this is a perfect example. My inspection panels are taken off. So, when this happens, as an aircraft mechanic, there was some kind of inspection that was going on and they left them off because they probably found something in here. They told the owner, the owner was going to incur a significant cost and just said, "Hey, I can't afford that right now." And left it. Wow. So, that happens very often. This is literally like real estate or businesses or anything. So, let's say that I'm a bird dog and I'm just finding a deal for you. I see a plane like this Cessna. It's the body t type you want year you want. This is obviously distressed. Three flat tires. Dust is growing on here. Hasn't been cleaned in forever. Inspection panels are open. This thing has a there's a major story going on here. Yes. Um what do I do? I call the seller and I say, "Hey, I have a buyer. Would you be open to a conversation?" And I tee that up for you. Yep. That's it. You take it from there. I don't have to learn any negotiation. I don't have to learn any of the lingo or I don't have to learn any of the stuff that you're talking about right now. Correct. Okay. I look at this thing and I'm like, okay, we are literally I can see through this wing right now. I can see a training school that would probably take this plane. If you look even even closer, they're the same exact airplanes that they're flying that we're looking at. You're lying. They're Cessna 172s. All of them. Their whole fleet. Okay, we got to we got to go. We got to go check this out. This is crazy. Distressed aircraft thriving opportunity within 100 yards of each other. I feel like I wish people that were watching this YouTube channel could actually understand what we're talking about. And Canyon, we're going to have to get a shot through this wing at the planes over there on the left. They're blue and white striped. It's a training school that is literally the same exact It's the same exact freaking plane over there that these training schools are like we want to expand, we want to scale, we have some Is there a big demand of um pilots in the United States? So if you just Google pilot shortage or mechanic shortage, you'll see studies that show we are in a massive deficit for pilots and aircraft mechanics. Many airlines say that they don't have enough pilots to fly their scheduled flights. For a second straight summer, airlines are again struggling with staffing and schedules. American Airlines says it's been forced to ground almost 100 smaller regional jets. When a major airlines needs somebody to fly planes like this Airbus, they often look to the regional airlines, those commuter jets over there, to find pilots. But that's making it increasingly challenging to find people to fly the smaller planes. And what that means is there's a massive deficit in the labor force to actually do this type of work. There's a shortage in airplanes. There's a shortage in aircraft engines. there's a shortage in general aviation parts. So the the demand is there. The market itself has created this niche for me. I've just been able to capitalize on subute techniques to create better operational efficiencies within uh my business itself. This is interesting. So every time I go over to this training school, it even says, guys, it even says on the windshield. Oh my gosh. This is an opportunity, guys. Just to so you know, this is not us. Look, when I when I do it, it even makes it cleaner. Like, this was done weeks ago. Dude, I told you it's so easy because no one's looking. This Take a I got to take a photo of you next to that. Dude, that is so crazy. Oh my gosh. How is that even possible, dude? They wrote by me on the plane. It's so crazy to me that you can look right through the wing at the actual customer of the product. The product says buy me on it. The tires say buy me. The freaking dirt on it says buy me. The interior says buy me. And nobody's doing anything with it. This has sat here for months if not even maybe more more of a year. Based off of the condition of the tires, I would guess that this has sat here for years. Years. Years. I can see cracks in the sidewall of the tire, which that tells me the same thing. Oh yeah. And guys, the longer it sits, the better it is for me because not only do you see distress when I pull this off, you've got dried out fuel lines, dried out airlines, uh you've got dried out oil lines. There's so many issues inside the actual power plant itself because it hasn't flown. It makes it a lot easier for me to negotiate because most people don't have the resources to tow this to a rehabilitation center. This you wouldn't be able to fly out of here as is right now. Okay, so let's break down the numbers on a plane that is a perfect fit for you and your customers right there. All right, so before we get to my favorite part, which is breaking things down on the whiteboard, making all the numbers make sense, and explaining that portion to you, I want to remind you why this is so inspiring. Chris started, he made himself all the way up, went through the army, and ultimately the way he got financial freedom was through creative finance. He said, "Oh my gosh, what I'm doing in planes, I could take what Pace teaches in sub 2 and seller finance and all these things and I could apply it to airplanes and go make a ton of money." In fact, he told me after all these years of being an airline pilot, he's never made more money in his entire life, even at a very top tier, than when he does the creative finance strategies on airplanes. So, whatever it is that you're doing or what you want to do, whether it's RV parks or mobile home parks or single family, section 8, any of those types of things, you take creative finance lessons that we teach on this YouTube channel and you apply it to what you want to do. All it's going to do is add fuel to the entire fire. All right, we're back in the house. We're going to talk about the numbers on these planes. I'm curious. We found a plane. We saw the training school. They're right next to each other. It's obvious that there is demand. It's obvious that I can go find these planes. I mean, hell, that one said buy me on it. Let's talk to Chris about what a typical deal looks like and how he can make money on a typical plane. So, Chris, we got the white magic whiteboard. We're going to talk some numbers. You go find a Cessna, something like that. What is the typical workflow and what is the typical purchase price of that plane? Okay, so the typical workflow is a lead comes in. Okay, lead comes in, identify the aircraft. So Chris takes this lead in and Chris says, "I like this plane. It's a Cessna. I know that I can go and take that and I know I have a buyer all the way down here." So you've identified that there's a customer already in your mind that you can bring that project to. Yes. And then from there, I start identifying all the pain points from the aircraft. So everything that the bird dog identified for me, I already know that that aircraft is going to take some significant work to fly again. So at that point, I get a hold of the seller and I offer anywhere between a,000 and $5,000. You're joking. Nope. To buy that entire plan. To buy that entire plan. I'm buying a problem. Okay. Okay. I'm not buying a good piece of equipment. I'm buying a significant liability for both of us. All right. Now, if I'm brand new, I'm gonna stress out about what this person says to me. But what we're reminding ourselves is, guys, the bird dog is teeing up, Chris, for these opportunities. You're not the one that's negotiating. You're not the one that's going through all the additional pain points. You're not the one that's dropping the offer on these individual sellers. So, don't worry about that. But, we want to break down what you're doing. So, you're buying a problem, $1,000 to $5,000. think the seller would actually take that on that plane? I would certainly try it, but like all deals, I will have a max allowable offer. So, this after repair value after everything that I do to it will give me roughly $100,000. Okay. So, your ARV on this deal is going to be $100,000. Correct. Based off of the year, make model. I know that's top dollar. Love it. So Chris knows based on comps that he can turn this plane into a $100,000 aircraft, which tells you you can back into your maximum allowable offer. Correct. Okay. Or what have you. Okay. MAO. So your MAO, I spelled this wrong. Forgive me. Gosh damn, I make some mistakes. Okay. So my MAO, you're going to try and go,000 to $5,000 because you're assuming there's a bad situation. And you also want to anchor with that seller and let them know like, "Hey, I know how bad the situation is." You're not going to say that, but you're going to say, "Ah, I'll take it off your hands. 1,000 to 5,000 bucks." They say no. Hypothetically, you already know that's okay to go up a little bit because you have a little bit of room between here and here. Yes. However, from my understanding, when you're doing the burr strategy or something creative, you want to make sure that you're not all in at $100,000 when you buy this plane. You want to be somewhere max. You want to be somewhere probably around $70,000. I would imagine 100% accurate. I will not go over 30% by ARV. Okay. So, let's break this down for a second, guys. So, we already know the future value of that plane we're hanging out at is $100,000. That's if Chris goes and fixes it all up. We also know that Chris is going to get financing on this plane after it's fixed up. So, he's in the deal, no money out of pocket. The aircraft lender that he utilizes will give him a loan up to $70,000. So if Chris wants to be all in the deal, no money out of pocket, he wants to make sure that the last penny into that aircraft maximum is $70,000. Of course, he's going to shoot for lower. It'd be nice actually. He could do a little cash out refinance, get some money in his pocket and own the plane and lease it out. But that's the maximum he's looking at. So, you look back at that plane and you go, "Okay, I might have an engine situation. I might have all sorts of other problems." What would you kind of guesstimate that you're going to have to put into that plane to make it worth a h 100,000 bucks? So, right off the cuff, because of my operational experience, I know paint and interior is going to cost me roughly $20,000 combined, and then an engine is going to be another $20,000 if I have to repair the engine. Okay. So, I've already I'm already looking at $70,000 is my target max investment I want to make into this deal. That means I got to take $20,000 for my interior and my paint, take $20,000 for my engine. Now, I've already I'm already all the way down. The most at that situation I could pay for that plane is $30,000. Yep. And that's not assuming tires and miscellaneous other things. You probably have another $10,000 of miscellaneous things on this plane, I would imagine. Correct. Okay, cool. So, let's take another $10,000 off this. So, really, your MAO, right? Your maximum allowable offer is actually $20,000, assuming you're going to have to do all of these things. Yes. Okay, cool. So, you're going to start with a $1,000 to a $5,000 offer, hoping you can create some pretty decent spread. If you can't get there, you're going to inch up and get closer to 20 grand. Yep. Cool. So, somebody says yes. They go, "All right, yes, it's a problem. The owner actually passed away. I'm the son. It's been sitting there for a couple of years. We keep forgetting about it and the awning rental is eating us alive. The insurance is eating us alive. In fact, we cancelled the insurance because we couldn't afford it anymore. That's probably the story that's going on with this plane. You're going to go to that $20,000. Assuming you go all the way to 20 grand, you're going to invest 10 grand in miscellaneous, $20,000 into the engine, $20,000 in paint, and the interior. You're going to be into this deal $70,000 and you're going to refinance all your money out. You're going to get a loan for the $70,000, but you own a plane that's worth 100. Yes. Awesome. So now what are you going to do? You've got a payment on this $70,000, right? You just went to a bank. Chris goes to the airplane bank. Let's just call it the air bank. and the airbank says, "Hey, Chris, we'll give you that $70,000 loan, but that's at, let's say, 8% interest right now because interest rates are relatively high. You're going to have a payment, I don't know, let's just say a,000 bucks a month. Cool. You have a $1,000 a month payment. What do we do now?" I multiply that number by four and that's my rental price. I do it off debt service coverage ratio. So, I do a multiple of four to ensure that I have contingencies, okay, in every situation. So, in your mind, you have a $1,000 payment. Whatever that payment ends up being, could be $1,200 bucks, $1,100, $1,400, whatever. You're going to multiply that number by four to make sure that your debt service coverage ratio is taken care of. Yes. Okay. Amazing. And then I'm going to go and lease that to this buyer. Yep. And if I'm leasing to this buyer at 4x, let's say that this buyer or this I shouldn't say buyer, this client, this tenant, I should say, they're going to rent this thing for hypothetically $4,000. Seems like that's kind of on the low end, but let's just say it's $4,000 bucks. Yep. What about maintenance and insurance and taxes and all of those types of things? Do you Does that come out of your spread of $1,000 to $4,000? No. I lease these on essentially a triple net lease. So, how I structure all of my deals, I learned from real estate. None of this is original. I have taken real estate tactics and techniques and implemented a separate asset class. So, we've got taxes, insurance, and maintenance is really the are the main three on this thing. Your tenant is actually taking care of all those things, correct? And paying you $4,000 a month. Yes. So, your spread on this one, you own a plane. When you are the owner of this this property, you own an asset at 100,000 bucks. Somebody else is taking care of the insurance, the maintenance, taxes, etc., inspections, all of those types of things, which are pretty expensive. You avoid all of that. You get a $3,000 a month income. Let's just say on this particular example, and you got a massive tax benefit over here because you keep the depreciation. Yes. Holy crap. What's this? What's crazy is I've never seen a single family home one time cash flow $3,000 a month. So, Pace, what you're describing is my three pillars of wealth. That $3,000 is my cash flow that I net. That tax is depreciation and that $100,000 is appreciation. So, everything you teach, you just outlined with an airplane. This is amazing. Okay. So, he's got an asset here that goes up in value, especially if we continue to maintain that plane. We've got our tax benefit, which wipes out other active income we have on actually the cash flow. We get to keep our cash flow, which is insane. And one freaking deal can make you $3 to $6,000 every single month on just a little plane like that. Every single month. And the beauty of that is the cash flow that you identified is a minimum. Most of my tenants, my lees fly double my minimum. So right there at $4,000 a month, that's if they fly roughly 60 hours a month. Most of my clients fly the airplanes between 90 and 120 hours. Okay. So I'm going to bump this number up in some months. Some situations. Yes, this is a minimum, but it could go all the way up to, let's say, $8,000 a month in a crazy month, but you're probably averaging somewhere around $6,000 a month. Yes. on this particular deal. Yes. Okay. So, he's underwriting the number here, guys. He's making a decision based on minimums, right? He's not going to go, "Oh, assuming I get $8,000 a month." He's not going to do that. He's too smart. He's going to go to the minimum, which is a contract he has with the leie, which gives him a $3,000 a month spread between his payment to the bank, right? And by the way, he has no money in this deal. And this is why people will go, "Why would somebody pay a bird dog to bring them a deal?" Well, the reality is he got a free plane and he's got cash flow. You mean to tell me he wouldn't pay a bird dog $5 to $10,000 to bring him a deal like this? That is where the value is. Where people that are brand new in the business, they go, well, I can't do all of this. You're right. You can't yet, right? You can't jump into this and go, I know where to get my paint stuff done. I know how to get the interior. You don't know that stuff. That's why you collaborate and work with somebody like Chris Fitch and you bring those deals to Chris. You communicate with him. And by the way, if you're in the sub 2 community, he just built an entire course step by step by step. I think it was eight hours long exactly how this all works, what's the workflow, etc. So, if you're in the sub 2 community, head over to the Subu course. Chris, if I'm a bird dog, I don't have to negotiate. I don't have to worry about the financing. I don't worry about finding the tenant. I don't worry about refinancing with the bank or even qualifying for it. I don't have to worry about the engine names, a single part on the plane. I just go find situations where somebody says, "Flat tires, broken window, this is a situation. Call them up, see if they'd want an appointment with you." You go structure the deal. And how good of a deal you structure, you come back and go, "Dude, that was a really great deal. I'm going to cut you a check for 10 grand." Or, "Hey, man, this deal didn't work out as as well as we planned. We're still going to do the deal, but here's my cash flow, and I got to do a lot of work to get this plane off the ground. I'm going to throw you 2500 bucks." I imagine each deal is going to be different every time there's a different plane, right? Yep. Have you ever done the an identical deal with the identical numbers? Yeah, absolutely. This is right within my buy box range between 100 and 150,000 is where I like to keep it. And the reason for that is the financing is very easy for me to get with this this particular model right here. All right, if you guys have watched this far, you guys deserve something. We're going to give you a a Chris Fitch checklist. And this is the checklist on exactly how this process works. I do this, then this happens, then this happens, then this happens. It gives you a structure and a step-by-step guide and exactly how you guys can jump into the game and do this, too. It's kind of crazy that you can make money this way. In fact, I'm like, "Show me a check for $70,000. I'll quit my job right now and come work for you." That's literally how I felt when I met you, dude. And I heard all this story. I'm like, "You're you're blowing my mind right now." And think about this. Chris is going to go do with the help of potentially you and with the help of the sub 2 community that he's a part of and he's helping. He's going to be doing Zooms and trainings and people are going to be bringing these deals to him. If he goes and does a hundred deals just like this, his net cash flow for his company is $300,000 a month in just one year's time. That's insane. That's $3.6 $6 million in net in your pocket money and you're not paying tax on it and you've got $10 million in planes in your fleet that are just bringing in freaking money every single month. Insane. Would you like me to add in a bonus? Yes. All right. What's going on, guys? Let's say you don't have access to an airfield, but you do have internet and a computer or even a phone. What you can do is get on controller.com, which is an aircraft listing service. Think about this as the Zillow but for airplanes. And then you're going to go into the upper right hand corner in the search function. You're going to type in Cessna 172. And then you're going to hit enter. And then we're going to add some filters in there. The only filter we're going to add on this deal is a total airframe time of 5,000 hours. And that gives me plenty of leeway to either a flip this airplane or b lease it out. I would click on every 172 starting with the one in the upper leftand corner and aggregate a list of anything that has a total airframe time of 5,000 hours or less which we already put in the filters and a time since major overhaul of a thousand hours or less. So I'm looking for engine times. This right here is perfect. Has 823 hours since major overhaul. That fits my buy box. So, this is an airplane I would definitely inquire about. So, what you can do is email the seller. You type in your name. I'll put my name in there and put, "Hey, my name is Chris. I am interested in your airplane. please give me a call. And the reason I'm vague is because I want the call and I want to identify pain points. So when you're building this list and you're inquiring via email, try to get them on the phone. When you get them on the phone, you can then just rapid fire your questions and you'll have a script. I'll give you that script on what I ask and it identifies negotiating points to reduce this price right here. This aircraft as is I would be able to pay full asking price, but that would leave no room for my bird dog fee. So, if I had to pay $135,000, I would be expected to release this out immediately. So, what you still need to do is aggregate your list. But other than that guys, that's how you look for an airplane on the internet using controller.com. There are a few other websites like Facebook Marketplace, Craigslist, Barntormers. All right, guys. This is trade a plane. You can do the same thing. So, we're going to go to single engine piston. We're going to go to advanced search. We're going to type in makes. We're going to go to Cessna models. We're going to do only 172. They're going to be no special use. 1975. The total time is going to be 5,000 hours. I'm going to leave all of this blank. And I'm going to leave this blank as well. And we're going to hit the search function. Now, let's find an aircraft that's timed out. And what I mean by that is that there's a lot of time on the engine. this that number right there, that high airframe time is why that purchase price looks like that. So, this is an aircraft that has probably been sitting for a while and hasn't sold because it has a high airframe time. And what a high airframe time does is it reduces the overall value of the aircraft. This interior definitely needs to be replaced and the panel needs to be replaced. There's tons of value add in this aircraft. Tons of equity already built into this deal if uh if I were to chase this. This is an aircraft that I would definitely add to that buy box. I can take 25 single engine airplanes and do a 1031 exchange and exchange up. So what he's saying is he's saying at some point, let's say some of these tenants say, "Hey, we're done with this plane." He says, "I don't want these planes. I want to go get into the big boy stuff where I can make 2 $3 million on one plane. He can go sell 25 of his planes and roll that money into a much larger plane, make bigger chunks of money. It's another game. I think Chris is getting ready to jump into that game, but right now he wants you to bring him deals. So, if you enjoyed this video, go and watch the video right here. That's Sub 2 a Toz. I do a whole 45minute walkthrough of how Sub 2 works and how he can even buy these planes, taking over somebody else's payments, buying them on seller finance. Hell, he's even getting some planes for free. Literally, quite literally. I want you guys to go and watch that video. And in the meantime, go down below, follow Chris on Instagram. It is Chris does deals. Go DM him, send him some deals. Make sure you follow him, send him a message and say, "Thank you for all this information, Chris." We'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @flyywithchris [65 likes]: Truly a blessing to share CREATIVE ways to build “Wealth Without Cash.” 

Can’t thank Pace and his team enough. Y’all should see the work that gets done behind the scenes. 

His camera crew and all of his staff blew me away. They were working 12-14 hour days to help me show the world what I’m doing!
  2. @ninewest4284 [2 likes]: This man is in a unique position. He flys the plane, he fixes the plane and knows the market. Good luck to the mortals out there trying to duplicate his success. 🤣
  3. @thebartertownconglomerate [1 likes]: Very good video and info . A+ game
  4. @K3S3M [1 likes]: Damn that’s actually a great idea
  5. @Pilottoproperties: Comments on this are going to be so good!
  6. @marcthomas7565: Love this !
  7. @TestPilotN911RG: In the right place… and right price, you can make money off buying planes that are on a good lease with a place well insured for replacement value.
  8. @dropoutandretireearly1781: THIS IS MUCH MORE LIKE FLIPPING TRAILERS IN TRAILER PARKS !!!! LOL !!!! THE PEOPLE HATE PAYING THE RENT ON THE SPACE THATS NICKEL AND DINING THEM MONTHLY !!!!! MY DAD SOLD HIS PLANE CHEAP BECAUSE OF THE SPACE RENT HE WAS SICK OF PAYING !!!!! LOL !!!!! :face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling:
  9. @ndzi_karl: Only people on suicide mission fly these toys
  10. @dropoutandretireearly1781: THIS IS GENIUS !!!! LOL !!!!!
  11. @StreamlineCarry: This guy is able to assess and make these deals ONLY because he is a knowledgeable A&P. This whole thing boils down to “I, the mechanic know what it will really cost to get something airworthy and you the owner do not. I therefore can hype up the cost of repairs to the owner and convince them to take my lowball offer.

There was also a lot of hand waving about borrowing money to fix an airplane. A hard money lender that is lending so you can fix an airplane is going to crush you on the terms because there is big risk that the proposed repairs will not actually get her airworthy.

All of that said, this strategy can work if you are a highly knowledgeable mechanic with the ability to accurately predict the cost to get something airworthy. This could be a good strategy for flight clubs that have members who hold A&P and/or inspector credentials.
  12. @getinthespace7715: We have too high of demand for rental planes at our local flight school. 
I'm looking at buying an PA-28 to get my PPL. 
I was thinking I could buy it under an LLC and start a non equity flying club, then dry lease it to flying club to help offset some of the costs. 
If it doesn't go well... 
I'm paying a little extra for insurance, but all my expenses are tax deductible. 
If it works well, I could start a successful flight club, offset all my flight costs and make a little money. 
If the demand is real high I could buy a second aircraft... probably a 172. 
If that goes well I could add a tail dagger, or complex. 
If I'm making money... I could eventually buy a more expensive mooney ovation or maybe a DA-42.
  13. @lpaone01: People will trash your plane and when inspections are due, you go negative every time with all the squaks to fix. Beware of the Major overhaul, it can cost you thousnads and drain each years profit.  This is late night TV infomecial , only with airplanes.  I went through "lease-back" model and never made a dime. 
205/206	23 hours $2,645.00
207	22 hours	$2,530.00
210	29 hours	$3,335.00
T210 32 hours	$3,680.00
  14. @bradrichards8122: $20k for an engine is WAY WAY too low.
  15. @thepsychonaut6919: 31:22 he noticed😂
  16. @thepsychonaut6919: I’m an A&P mechanic and teach at a major flight school near Austin, this is perfect for me! I’m joining Subto ASAP:)
  17. @Planetinalani: I’ve got a great landing strip restaurant we can check out some gear over here!
  18. @MinotauroTrading: I just dont get how the plane appreciates in value as time passes by.
Its just like a car isnt it?
  19. @gregyoungs6872: I am someone that has owned many airplanes, am a high time pilot, and operated several aviation businesses.  This video is B.S.  A paint job alone can be tens of thousands.  An engine overhaul $25k to $50k or more.  And flight schools are not stupid.  They have no reason to pay those kind of lease numbers.  None. Don't you think airports are full of people that already understand how it all works?  Duh.  The chances of this guy posting success stories 12 months from now are pretty much zero.
  20. @handsome8783: Why are yall fingering that guys paint and windshield. So disrespectful

- How to Actually Afford an Airplane: Kind: captions Language: en there are a lot of videos and articles out there talking about the most affordable airplanes that you can buy today and before buying this little Vans rv12 I watched a lot of these videos and read all these articles about how to get into Aviation affordably and after owning this airplane for a little bit over a year and a half I realized that these videos and articles about the most affordable airplanes have gotten it a little bit wrong and I'm here to tell you why so if you go back and watch all these videos about the most affordable aircraft you're going to realize ize one thing all these videos are presenting certified airplanes so airplanes like the cesna 172 which is actually kind of expensive now cesna 150 Cherokee 140 or maybe an Arona champ or something like a Piper Cub so all certified airplanes a certified airplane is an airplane that was built in a factory certified by the FAA and deemed safe enough to use to make money so safe enough to rent out to other people to charge people to do training in it or to give rides or to use for higher today the market for certified aircraft has gotten completely out of hand especially for brand new airplanes so if you look at the cesna 172 which is amazingly still being produced by cesna aircraft you'll see that the MSRP on a brand new 172 is something like $500,000 or more I don't know what it is but that's insane so a lot of people who buy an aircraft go with an old airplane maybe a cesna 172 that was built in 1965 you could get one for maybe 65 and that's on the lower end or maybe you buy a sesm 150 for $35,000 but with all these certified airplanes you're going to realize one thing so let's say you bought a ces1 150 for $35,000 if you don't have your &p license you are not allowed to work on the airplane yourself so that includes stuff like I don't know regreasing the main Wheels it's kind of a gray area if you can do that or not but let's say you want to make upgrades to the panel you cannot really do that if you don't have yourp maybe you have to change some insulation in the in the fuselage you can't do that if you don't have your license so you're going to have to pay someone usually over $100 an hour to work on the aircraft and then let's say you have to find a replacement part or let's say you want a new radio for your airplane you go on aircraftspruce.com and you look up the radio then you're going to see that there are two price options there's going to be a certified airplane price and an experimental airplane price you're going to notice very quickly that the certified price is way more expensive than the experimental price here is my first tip if you want to get into Aviation and do it affordably my number one piece of advice is to go with an experimental airplane kind of like this one I understand that the words experimental airplane are very scary to a lot of people you know you if you tell the general public hey I fly an experimental airplane they're going to be like whoa you're you're crazy you're flying an experiment in the sky like you're going to die well I'm here to tell you that that's not really the case experimental Aviation is just kind of a blanket term for any airplane that wasn't fully built in a factory or it was plans built or it came in a kit like this one or maybe it was a one-off which is very rare or maybe it was built in a factory but it hasn't gotten its FAA certification yet so pretty much basically any airplane that wasn't built in a factory but experimental Aviation or most experimental airplanes like the little Vans rv12 sitting right behind me are extremely proven designs so the kit for this aircraft was produced in around 2011 I think but the airplane was finished in 2017 this was number 495 on the serial number list so but in general Vans aircraft has made over 11,000 kits and I think there are actually 11,000 flying I don't know the number is huge it's a proven design even though it's it's an experimental airplane so with owning an experimental airplane there are some huge positives number one you can work on the airplane yourself as the owner and you can upgrade it and do anything you want to the panel and there's no real paperwork that is going to Bar you from doing so every year you do have to pay an amp to do your condition inspection if you have a just a regular experimental amateur built airplane but that's no big deal that's one cost a year you maybe pay $800 for someone who spends 8 hours doing your condition inspection okay so yeah tip number one go with an experimental airplane now piggybacking off that tip there's another detail that I want to suggest to you all if you really want to save money and not only just go with an experimental airplane but go with an experimental light sport airplane like the one sitting right behind me now a light sport airplane does have its limitations you know it's limited in speed it can only go 120 knots has to have a fixed pitch propeller fix landing gear only two-seater and only weigh 1,320 lb but there is a huge advantage to owning an experimental light Sport and it's called the light sport repairman inspection course so that is a course that only takes 2 days and it allows you as the owner to do your condition inspections on your experimental light sport airplane not only can you work on the airplane yourself but when it comes down to your yearly condition inspection with the light sport repair man inspection certificate that you can get uh which is only a two-day course and about $400 you can legally sign off on your condition inspections For your airplane so then in the end you never have to pay anyone to work on your airplane of course it's a good idea to not get into something that you don't have a lot of expertise on like my good friend Jack right across the way he helped me out with my engine stuff like taking compression readings and balancing my carburetors he's also got a great YouTube channel so you should check it out real nice guy he's helped me tremendously but he's an am so I used him to help me out but uh huge moneys saving aspect about owning an experimental light sport I definitely recommend it the next tip about owning an affordable airplane is looking into the insurance cost so nowadays insurance rates are skyrocketing for Aviation it's just getting completely out of hand it's really driving a lot of people out of Aviation and owning an airplane but for example before I got this rv12 years ago I really wanted to own a c or an Aventura which both of those are experimental airplanes but they are amphibious airplanes uh you know that can land on the water and land on land uh I really wanted one they're two-seaters they look like a lot of fun they have good payload it just seems like a great airplane for Florida so I was pretty set on getting one uh and then I reached out to my insurance broker to ask hey how much would it cost to insure me in a c r you know just spitballing here uh I have 25 hours of tail wheel time something around there and at the time I think I only had like 200 hours or something like that he came back and told me it would cost me $6,000 to ensure me in a c and on top of that I had to get a whole bunch of training and all this stuff and that's $6,000 per year to ensure myself under liability and also ensure the whole value of the airplane which I believe I don't know I said well take into account maybe $45,000 airplane at that rate you're basically buying a new airplane every 10 years just off of insurance costs alone so that's my third tip really really look into insurance rates things like having a complex airplane you know retractable landing gear variable pitch propeller a high performance and dare I say twin engine all those things if you don't have a lot of time in those airplanes the insurance for you is going to be crazy so really looking to insurance rates if you want to get into Aviation affordably okay last thing I want to talk about is that the world of certified airplanes is dwindling you know it's not a very fun thing to say but it's the truth brand new certified airplanes are getting extremely expensive expensive and all the certified airplanes that you can possibly afford the purchase price for are just getting more rare you know they're crashing or not being maintained and they're built in the 60s Parts become very tough to find and they're going to be very expensive because not only are you trying to Source something that is 50 years old uh it also has to be a certified part so on top of finding the part you have to have all the paperwork behind it and then you have to have an& to do the work and then you have to have an IIA sign off on it the cost starts adding up extremely quickly and it's making these airplanes very hard to keep sure a lot of these videos and articles about the most affordable airplanes are going to say Hey you know annual average annual cost is like 1,200 bucks but that is really if nothing goes wrong remember A&S are charging about $100 per hour at least in my experience maybe you have a better A&P out there but it's very expensive to hire an to do all the work and remember with experimental experimental light sport you can do all the work yourself and then if you go light sport experimental you can sign off on the condition inspections but like I said certified airplanes are dying out but there is a whole new world of airplanes coming up and it's in the experimental Aviation category you know you can get into the gyroplane world you can get into airplanes that look like mine like the bristell sure the new ones are going to be more expensive but also you can get older experimental airplanes like this one and you can maintain it yourself and this one is a relatively modern airplane comp compared to certified airplanes flying today so basically I just want to leave you with this so even though a lot of what I said maybe not be so positive about certified airplanes dying out the whole new world of experimental airplanes is growing and it's growing quickly especially with the passing or the future passing of the Mosaic rules a lot of cool fast two-seater airplanes might be open for light sport Pilots okay so those were my big tips for getting into Aviation affordably and how to actually afford an airplane quick recap go with an experimental airplane don't go with certified unless you want to pay someone and do all the work and get certified parts that might be for you that's okay uh if you go experimental consider experimental light sport because of the cost that you save doing the work yourself and doing your condition inspections look into Insurance costs you know they add up really quickly and just the insurance rate can keep you from owning an airplane on top a hanger costs and things like that and number four certified aircraft are dying out and there's a whole new wave of experimental airplanes coming up that are going to be really exciting those are my major tips for getting into Aviation affordably I hope you enjoyed the video till next time blue skies and I'll see you on the next flight [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @FloridaFlying [360 likes]: TIP #6: You have to be very passionate about aviation. Even though these tips are for saving money, you will still invest a lot into an airplane. You have to love it and be willing to make sacrifices for it. Not everyone can afford an airplane, but these are steps in the right direction.
  2. @dalefunk2709 [2 likes]: i used to work in aviation and you can do a lot of the work without an a&p as long as someone who has it comes behind you to check everything and sign off
  3. @rrjair: Didn't it kind of freak you out buying a plane that a guy built at home not knowing if he/she knew what they were doing? I tend to be overboard on anything I do. How did you account for the "shade tree mechanic" type builder?
  4. @pendleton123: I REALLY  want a Searay when I get in my 40s. $7k for insurance is nuts
  5. @iwantosavemoney: Am debating on a helicopter vs plane
  6. @larryfalkin63: Are experimental aircraft available for sale or do you have to build it for yourself?
  7. @toadamine: i inherited two aircraft... an ultra light and a hang glider. never put either one together... i use the ultralight motor and propeller
 as a shop fan... lol

i was thinking about building a foam airplane like a mini long EZ and put the ultralight motor in it...

i was also thinking about making a bigger one and putting an aluminum LS1 V-8 with like 500HP in it.... but that would be kinda pricey..

you didnt mention fractonal ownership.. thats quite common with aircraft.
  8. @TheonlyZerosumgame: I have had this urge to buy a 152 or 172 and drop a Rotax 916 in it, saves 110lbs it’s turbo so performance is better at altitude, and on SIP mode and a variable pitch, you can cruise at 120 kn around 4-5 GPH increased range increased payload.. why not? 

Oh and it can run on 91 octane
  9. @hmarkison: You can do a great deal of work on your own aircraft.  Almost all basic maintenance like oil changes, lamp changes, etc.
Having said that, owning an airplane is always expensive.
  10. @BoiFr-zs6dh: This guy put auto tune on for talking
  11. @andor8635: The goverment has gotten in General Aviation and madeit  real expensive.  I bought a certified airplane years ago much cheaper I remembering buy a used run out C172  1972 for $20,000 dollars back in the early 80S  I later rebuilt the Lycoming engine for $19,000 but inflation has push parts up in price. I use to pay $1.75 a gallon of avgas now it's $7.00 a gallon. Spark plugs use to be $18,0 a plug now $40 a plug. All the new airplane have digital panels which cost thousands of dollars. I have the old steam gages. The older planes that were rectified are not being built as many some crash some get destroyed for variest reason. Yes they sell new but not to many to expensive.
  12. @wolfmantroy6601: With the new MOSAIC regulations many more planes are available to fly with the Sport Pilot license.
  13. @phildc9397: I m looking for plans wilson global explorer
  14. @JasonGriffith007: 😂 stfu.
  15. @waltersobchak9427: 800$ once a year alone makes flying impractical for most people.
  16. @BlakeLberg-d6v: I really don’t have anywhere to go
  17. @stevenbathurst7027: what about hanger and airport fees, fuel?
  18. @L4T1NK4R0: I have a much shorter tip for you: don't get into aviation if you make average income.
  19. @Vincent-t1s8l: I appreciate the information.
  20. @golffoxtrotyankeehooligan222: The range on that aircraft and max payload with fuel two people in it average weight 225? How much fuel can I put in it in? What range can I fly it and at what altitude?

- Private Jet Shared Ownership: Kind: captions Language: en in today's episode of big jet TV we're going to be talking about shared ownership which is not the same as fracture ownership and I'll go into it and it is a really good way of owning an aircraft and I explain to you why now uh welcome to Bishop TV if you've never been here before Please Subscribe and give us a thumbs up the end of the video If you really liked it if you really really really liked it give us a super thanks so uh what is shared ownership now shared ownership is a situation where and I'll give you a practical example when I first started flying as a as a professional pilot I'm I ended up managing a citation one which is which is a jet for two owners and the two owners were also Pilots um and business people so there were pilot owners as I call them and they used to fly um they didn't they didn't have the same business so one flew for his business the other one for the other now and again they flew together uh mainly on weekends and things like that so um in a situation like that what what happens is you've got fixed costs and you've got variable costs on an aircraft now the fixed costs are things like the hangar uh the maintenance the insurance um the navigation database you know all this all this kind of thing are classified as a fixed cost so you would split the fixed cost 50 50. and then there'll be the variable costs such as you know Landing fees over flight fees Fuel and that you will pay according to how many hours you fly so if you fly 120 hours a year you'll pay the variable costs on 120 hours and the other guy will create for 80 hours that he flies um and that adds up to 200 hours and it really is convenient at the 200 hour mark if you can find somebody else that's gonna you know buy into an airplane with you that's a hundred hours flying each um and it's a great Advantage because if the fixed costs on the aircraft are let's say a million dollars a year you're only going to be paying 500 000. now the 500 000 that you're saving you can use towards your variable costs you know if your Landing fees and what kind of thing when you do your flying so it really is convenient but it can also be inconvenient and it's really important to find the right partner and first of all they have to live in in your local area so you house the the airplane at an airport that's convenient for both the next thing is you've got to look at your schedules so you got to see where you're going to be going how often you go to these places what kind of days of the week and you need to talk to the other guy so well I need to go to I don't know from Dallas to Orlando twice a month um and the other guy looks at his schedule and you just sit down and say well I need to use the airplane to go Orlando next week I can go Tuesday or Wednesday do you need the airplane yeah I need it on Monday maybe moving into Tuesday okay well then I'll schedule my trip on the Wednesday so it really needs to be communication between the two owners in order for this to work the other thing is what some people do is they place it with a management company um and the management company has more buying power as far as fuel and things like that so it can be convenient to put it with a management company but there's also a lot a lot of people decide you know what um here we are we're two owners we're going to hire one pilot and and that pilot is going to look after the airplane for us um because we don't really want other people knowing what we're up to um at One Pilot will keep his mouth shut and you know manage the airplane for us maybe use some freelance Pilots now and again when if and when needed or maybe just hire two pilots depending if you're a pilot owner or if you're just one of these guys that rides in the back so that's something that needs to be looked into so it is a very very convenient way to get into aircraft ownership is to share the cost with another person some people end up getting three or four people together to buy an aircraft obviously more people own the aircraft more difficult it's going to be to manage the schedule because if you've got four owners and they all want the airplane on Monday or Tuesday it's going to be different a culture work out a schedule that's gonna work for everybody so it usually is a very good solution for two people because it's a lot easier to work things out and if these two people are friends it's even better now obviously finding somebody that's going to buy half an airplane with you if you're a pilot owner it's a lot easier because pilot owners no other pilot owners but if you're a business guy you're not necessarily going to know other business guys that are into airplanes may do may maybe not and then of course it also depends on what area of the world you live in um for example the United States that a lot more people own airplanes so if you're in a main city like Dallas or Houston or Orlando Tampa New York it's going to be a lot easier to find somebody else that will want to chip in and buy half an airplane also uh you know you can talk to people like me I know a lot of people that have aircraft maybe I can help you find the other partner uh so you know again it will depend on the location and uh that's the first thing and then the second thing it will also depend on on the various schedules of the two potential owners so you'd have to really sit down and look at you know where each owner needs to go and why they're using the airplane people usually buy an airplane because they have to go to certain places a number of times a year um and they sort of say well we're going to go up there three times a month over there twice a month and work out the schedules and make sure we have a plan and then when the two schedules uh there's a conflict the two schedules that we have a solution to who's going to be using the airplane and who's going to have to Charter out or use a jet card or whatever it may be so that's uh how the um shared ownership Works um let's get the conversation going below if you've you are in shared ownership or you have been in shared ownership uh let's get the conversation going have you found it I've been the pros and the cons um and what type of aircraft have you had a shared ownership in and um let's get that conversation flowing usually the shared ownership tends to happen with a small aircraft when we get into the larger aircraft it's usually people that have a lot more money so they just go out and buy themselves a 7x for 20 million dollars and off they go and that's how that usually works but anyway um so let's get the comments going below give us a thumbs up and also subscribe to visit TV if you haven't done so already and give us a super thanks if you really really enjoyed this video and check out this video we did recently about the Falcon 10x which is new aircraft built by this so which will be coming on the market very soon as soon as a fresh prototype starts flying and gets certified and that's coming uh to um the Skies of the world to fly business people around and that's all from Melissa Poly on budget TV and I'll see on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @dancetkamzimbinyirenda3419: I hope to owner the aviation by consultation to Alton aviation consultants.
  2. @parimal7528: If one can't afford to buy a jet, charter or lease it. Shared jet purchase is absolutely disaster waiting to happen. Maintenance will certainly take a beating, poor quality pilots to save costs will be another thing. Also imagine one person wants updated communication devices installated while others feel it's not required, what's the solution? And what if both want jet on same day? Do you buy a car on shared basis? No, either you own it or take taxi. Same should be seen for aircraft too.

- Private Jet: Fractional or Full Ownership?: Kind: captions Language: en so should I buy a fraction uh in an airplane or should I just go out and buy a whole airplane this is kind of the question that I've been asked uh for quite a few times and I want to of address this in today's episode of bjet TV so we're going to talk about you know the pros and cons and and when you should actually go to buy an air we're also going to hear um a portion of an interview I did with um Jason kandle lately and he kind of tells his story and and I think you'll find that interesting so my name is Fon I'm your Aviation advisor the founder of bisj TV and also the author of the book The quantum economy more about the book towards the end of the video lots of content in here about private Aviation and how having your own airplane really does project you into the quantum economy you're going faster than anybody else and that really is important so um fracture ownership so we've seen uh after the the pandemic uh the fractal ownership companies many Net Jets and flexjet have gone out and decided to increase their fleets by 30% because they can see the market is is on the up more and more people have opened up to a private J ownership and this is something that's going to continue even though the environmentalists are trying to shut private Aviation down um you know the grounds on which they're doing this is wrong but this is not the subject of this video today uh but anyway so let's talk about fractional ownership now with fractional ownership the larger companies the flex Jets and the and the netjets you buy a fraction of an airplane it's usually an eighth or a qualter depending on on the deal that you do and because the company has a fleet of airplanes um you know some have 50 some have 100 some have 200 or even 7 100 or even a thousand airplanes like netjets they have these airplanes floating around all the time now um when you buy a fraction you never get the same airplane for a flight you never get the same crew so it's a bit like chartering at the end of the day you can't put your name on the airplane you can't sck your logo on the plane You Can't customize the interior with you know your own uh cups and and and pillows and cushions and all that kind of good stuff you can't do any of that um and also you don't have the airplane available right away cuz you you know You' there's a lag time you ring in to call for the airplane or for an airplane and you know sometimes it takes a day or two before you can get an airplane uh to fly so those are the inconveniences of flying uh with you know and buying a fraction in a fraction ownership but now let's go into a portion of the interview it's just a short clip uh I did with Jason kle recently he's the founder of Amilia Bay Company and let's see what he has to say um about private ownership off we go I mean obviously you're using it for leisure but you're using it for business as well have all these planes kind of paid for themselves because you've done deals that you couldn't have done absolutely because you know the the way the IRS looks at uh at airplanes is no different than a forklift or a a car or any other piece of equipment used to run the business so the business at this time was extremely profitable it was either you know basically the goal of every business is to spend the profit cuz you're going to pay 40% on your your profit anyway so yeah the the airplane was a very small expense of the business at this at this point in time so yes we were using it for business you know 100% of the time going to visit customers and to me like I said it was just way better than flying commercial and at this point I mean I had you know from 2007 onward I just I never flew commercial again I just I couldn't so let's just go back a bit to the PC2 so there you are you've got this PC2 you've been around for a few months because you had the PC2 did it just open up other possibilities for business as in well I could go there oh I could go there I work at land here and go see so and so um did it make you change the way you thought about where you for sure because you're you know we're in uh the products in these bottling facilities all over the world really at this point but especially in the southeast United States so if a customer would call with an issue yeah well I'm there in an hour you know like I'm not there's no hey I got a flight for three days from now I mean it was a massive upgr life upgrade uh and business upgrade to a customer you know a thousand miles away in in Dallas or whatever has a problem and I'm gonna come right now and fix this problem and uh yeah it was a massive life upgrade and even to this day now that you know I've sold the company and I don't even I'm not even in business anymore the same logic applies I mean that what what what greater resources is there in life than time you know and and to save that time is just you can't put a price on it so absolutely it is a huge business upgrade of private a I think Jason explained that very well you just can't put a price on it I mean the ability to spring into action at so short notice which you don't get with a fraction ownership because you know you've got the client with the problem you need to you know jump in a plane in the next hour or two to go and see them and solve the problem uh you bring the fractional ownership company up they're not going to an airplane is not going to be with you in in a few hours unless you're living in Dallas or New York or London or Dubai where you know you do have a lot of other fractional ownership people and consequently you know there are planes coming in and out all the time or alternatively it could be that you own half an airplane with somebody that lives in the city where you live um that's a fraction of a plane okay and then in that case you know you you you know you you get on well with each other and it can work I mean I've had the first airplane I managed was a fraction ownership it was owned by two different people um and they got on very well and they managed their schedules with you know and managed to help each other out and and they both used the airplane when they needed it but you know it's difficult to get into a partnership like that and you got to really find the right fit but with the fracture ownership you're not going to have an airplane available 24/7 same if you own an airplane and you charge it out when you're not using it youd have the same problem you want to spring into action now and the planes in Tokyo well you can't cuz it's on a charter supposedly making you money so this is really really something that you have to understand um you know when I tell people you know when they contact me and they want to buy a plane and that or lease a plane I say now forget the plane you're buying time that's what you need to think you need to think time so if the airplane's in the hanger and the pilots are on standby you know that you can go in the air in the next hour or two it's there it's it's available and now that airplane will take you to your client you can solve that problem right there and then and then back in time for dinner with the family now you can't do that with fraction ownership and you can't certainly do that with um uh if you're charging your plane out you need to have your airplane available 24/7 now I understand if you look at the spreadsheet um and this is where a lot of people fall they look at the spreadsheet and they see that private jet ownership is more expensive than fractional ownership and it's more more expensive than chartering or leasing now that is true that is true but you can't compare apples to oranges because at the end of the day you're getting more you're getting the ability to really buy yourself more time because you own the airplane the only time where you know it would work fraction ownership and I did um advis one of my clients a few years ago to go and buy a share in an airplane is because he was retired and he was only going to use the airplane to fly to go on holiday with his wife and friends and in that case it's not a problem you ring up the fractur ownership company said I need a jet I want to leave this afternoon they say we can't do this afternoon we could do tomorrow afternoon at 2 o'cl okay fine we'll leave tomorrow at 2 o'cl it's not a business situation and in that case a fracture ownership can work um of course because you know when you when you own half an airplane the other guy is paying for 50% of the fixed costs what are the fixed costs The Hanger the insurance the pilot training some of the maintenance that's paid by somebody else you're not having to pay for that and then you're only paying uh for fuel when you're actually flying the airplane yourself so it does work from an economical standpoint it does work if you look at the spreadsheet same fractur ownership if you look at the spreadsheet it works but there are hidden problems that they're not telling you about you know and at the end of the day if you can use that a plane as Jason did and he built his company up and sold it thanks to the use of aircraft he said he would have never been able to have scaled his company the way he did if he hadn't had the use of his own private aircraft so that's really really the key and that's where you need to look at it the private jet is like Innovation it's not something you can measure from a balance sheet perspective before you start it you can it's important to you know know what the numbers are but you know if you know that the airplane is going to cost you $10,000 an hour you're not paying for those $250 hours a year all in one go you're paying as you go and as you go you start doing deals Deals Deals that you wouldn't be able to do if you eared a fraction of an airplane deals you wouldn't be able to do if you charted a plane or or If you flew commercial you can do those deals because you have the airplane available 24/7 and that's where the P power lies because you're buying time and that flexibility allows you to really move through life at a Quantum speed by joining the quantum economy as I explain in my book I tell the story of a number of owners and including the story of Sam Walton which not many people know how instrumental private Aviation has been in building the Walmart Empire where today they have 30 aircraft that they use every single day fly the executives all around and fly you know potential new vendors in to see them and whatever and that's how they use the private jet it's part of of the many tools that they have to build their business um and Sam Walton you know in his book in his biography you can read you know he tells a story you know and he was pilot himself and and I think it he kind of fell Upon This by by chance because he was flying as a hobby and as he was flying and he was looking The View and looking down he said oh look there's a good location that looks like a good location to open a store and so he discovered through his hobby that you know the airplane could actually become a toll for his business um and that's why today Walmart operate one of the largest fleets in the world and they keep them exclusively for themselves they don't Charter their planes out um and they they've used it as part of you know one of their business tools to build the business and that's the way you need to look at and the only way to do that is to own the airplane um no don't do this fractional ownership that's not going to work for you um it's just going to limit you um and you're going to limit you in a way it's almost like you you got a share in in in an airliner uh or you bought a seat on on on on an airliner um you own that seat but you know if the plane's not there you don't control it and so control is really really important the other control that you have when you own your own aircraft to the crew uh you decide on the pilots you hire you have the same Pilots all the time flight attendant if the airpl is big enough that's another aspect which is important um and these people will get to know you they'll get to know your guests um and then you know the service that they give you and your team is even better and you know you know these people you know what their habits are you know you can hire people that you make sure that they don't drink or they don't have any major you know private problems or stuff like that you look after your people you won't get that with the fraction ownership a fraction ownership they own 50 aircraft they have 200 crew Crews for that that fly those airplanes every time you get different Pilots um it it's just one of those things um and just to let you know even in a charter company you'll get certain passengers that will want to fly with certain captains and they'll call in and they say I need a plane to go to Paris tomorrow and can can I have Captain so and so and they demand they want Captain so and so uh but that's difficult for a charter company to do it's difficult for a fractur ownership company to do uh because they're managing a large number of airplanes but when you own your own aircraft you've got your own crew you've hired them become part of your family they become part of your team um and that really is another important factor uh also bear in mind that from a privacy perspective if you have a small niit group of people that are you know managing your airplane flying your airplane whatever it's just a small niit group of people that know where you're going and what you're up to um if you start chartering or fraction ownership whatever you know word gets oh I FW that where you going tomorrow I'm flying up to the oh oh you're going to fly that gu oh yeah I flew him three weeks ago he went to Phoenix and Arizona and um Joe told me he flew him to Germany the other week and you know and the word gets round and you really don't want that you want to keep what you're doing private and that's why it's called private jet um and so these are kind of the advantages of having your own airplane compared to a fractional ownership so as I said before fraction ownership Works in certain cases uh but if you are in a kind of remote area and that you're not in a main metropolitan area you really need it for business more than anything else uh that's where you know pay the extra money but you know you're paying the extra money straight away but in the overall uh scope of things the airplane will make you more money and that's the mindset you need to have how can this plane make me money by using it yourself having your team use it and also having the airplane go out and bring customers to you that's the way to do it and you can customize the interior uh with your name on it and all that kind of thing and that will from a branding perspective give even more value and power to your brand and really allow you to join the quantum economy as I say in my book if you want to copy the book click on the link below give us a thumbs up on this video comment below if you haven't subscribed please subscribe to the channel and check out the full interview I did with Jason CR you can hear his whole success story and how he bought different airplanes and he started off with a small propeller airplane working his way up to Jet ownership and how that has benefited his business and that's all from for here on bis TV and I'll see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelgreen2934 [1 likes]: I am new to owning my jet and I need all the information on owning a jet plane thank you

- Private Jet Sharing & Fractional Ownership: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to bishop tv my name is fabricio pauli today's episode is about jet sharing and fractional ownership there's something very interesting um you obviously come to this channel because you've got the question you know i'm not sure if i want to buy a whole jet uh what's it like to buy a fraction of a jet or half a jet or share a jet and so we're going to answer those questions in this episode of widget tv if you haven't subscribed to this channel which is all about private aviation i encourage you to subscribe to this channel and give us a thumbs up and comment below we'd love to hear your recommendations and suggestions so let's look into the whole sharing a jet and fracture ownership in today's episode off we go [Music] so you've come to this episode of bidget tv because you're thinking of buying an aircraft but you're thinking maybe sharing a jet fracture ownership you know you look to the flex jet option the net jets flex jet have just recently opened offices in malta they're ramping up you know their fleet here in europe um because more and more people are looking into private jet usage after lockdowns with you know airline travel resuming but you know not at the levels um that we saw before covid uh so you know a lot of people that having to fly from a to b to c to d uh are struggling because um the airlines aren't flying those routes or aren't flying the routes that they need as frequent as they used to so private jet is an option now let's talk about sharing and uh fractional ownership now first i'd like to touch on on the fracture ownership traction ownership you know with companies like netjets and flexjet and that they've got large fleets of um that cover you know worldwide i mean i did send a client over to them last year we did a consulting call um and he you know asked my my opinion a solution and the solution there i sent me to one of these large fraction ownerships because um this client needed an airplane in um in austria and also one in new york same day so his son could use the airplane and so it just made sense for them to buy into a fashion ownership program because this company that owned all the jets had aeroplanes in new york and airplanes in austria as well and so by buying a share of an airplane both father and son could use the same type of airplane on the same day but two different specific airplanes but you know you understand the thing so that's uh why i sent him over to the big fraction ocean i didn't sell him an aircraft or leasing plane because he would have had the airplane in in austria and then the sun needed to play on the same day you know plane can't be in two places at the same time so that's the advantage you get with these large fracture ownership companies but you know it comes with a cost i mean they are quite pricey compared to other solutions out there much for certain type of person certain need it is a good and viable option now the other thing is jet sharing now the very first chip that i flew uh was a citation one it was based in milan lanat and uh it was owned by two people and the two owners share the jet and the advantage of sharing a jet is very simple when you acquire an aircraft and you operate an aircraft there's always three elements to the cost it's cfo as i call it the c standing for capital meaning how much is it going to cost you to buy this airplane the f stands for the fixed cost and the o stands for the operational cost so fixed costs are things like you know hangar insurance pilot salaries i mean whether you fly or not you still got to pay for those things and then the operational cost of things like fuel certain parts of maintenance that you pay for when you fly landing fees uh you know those those are things that you pay for when you fly so um if you can find somebody locally that wants to share a jet and there are people that do this um you can do it you know two people three people four people but let's look at the two people option and let's look at an example with for example hawker 800 xp now the hawker is an airplane that's sort of coming back in fashion just recently um there are spare parts available even though they don't manufacture these airplanes anymore people are buying them for six seven hundred thousand dollars giving them a refurb a new interior upgrade the avionics and all that kind of good stuff and so let's say you acquire a hawker on your own uh for acquiring upgrade and everything and your capital spend is 1.5 million dollars so there you go you spent so your capital is 1.5 million your fixed cost is going to be about 500 000 a year and then you have your operational costs let's say you find 200 hours at 3 000 an hour at 600 000 so that's total of 2.6 million dollars so that's if you do this on your own if you manage to find a local partner that wants to buy fifty percent but only fly let's say you know um 100 hours so the airplane is now going to fly 300 hours you still fly your 200 hours the costs are going to be you know instead of spending 1.5 million capital it's 50 50. so you only pay 750 000 on the fixed cost it's uh 500 000 it's 250 because it's 250 each and then you're still paying your 600 000 for your uh 200 hours on the operational costs but you're out there at the end of the day is 1.6 million instead of 2.6 million so you're saving a million dollars um and that's kind of the advantage the other guy is only doing 100 hours but he owns 50 of the aircraft so he can you know ride that depreciation on the 50 that he owns and that and so it's an advantage for him and an advantage for you the only downside on a solution like this is you know what happens if both of you want to use the airplane on monday morning so this is where you know you have to find the right partner um in order to be able to make this jet sharing work um you usually don't get this problem with large fleets like netjets or flexjet because you know they've got a number of people uh and a number of aircraft so you know they if you've got two people on a monday morning that want to use the airplane they'll just send two jets uh you don't get this when you're doing this local um unless you're buying into a local company that's got maybe four hawkers let's say and uh which are owned by two people or four people each um and then it so happens that on monday morning uh your hawker is used by you and the other hawker can be you know the other guy that owns half of your aeroplane can use another one of the hawkers that happens to be sitting there on the monday morning so if there's more than you know one airplane in the fractional local fractional or jet sharing scheme if you want to call it that uh then it will work so you know as you can see it very much depends upon your circumstance um and you know putting these partners together uh isn't easy you've got to find the right match but it certainly is a great solution because you know it brings the cost down for everybody it's a win-win across the board um the other option would be to lease instead of buying so you wouldn't have that capital outlay that 1.5 million we talked about you wouldn't have that so you can lease an airplane for 12 months see how you get on and obviously you pay all the other costs and you'll pay a little bit for the airplane as well um but you know it's going to cost you less than than buying the aircraft it all depends on your situation your business where you want to go taxation where you are regarding private jets some countries are more in favor of private jets others aren't within the us there are some states that are more pro private aviation than others so it really we really need to get specific and that's why i encourage people always you know ping me an email uh let's get on a call um let's see what uh what we can do for you here and help you to make the right choice private jet wise whether you're gonna do fraction ownership jet sharing lease or buy a jet outright um that's something that's very very personal very specific to your case which is why you know information we can give you here on bizjet tv is is generic information but you know buying a private jet or even buying into a program whether it's fractional jet sharing or a lease is something that needs to be looked at very carefully um and needs to be very you know tailored to your organization so that's all from me on this episode if you haven't subscribed to bridgette tv i encourage you to subscribe give us a like comment below love to hear your comments what do you think about jet sharing if you haven't experienced jet sharing have you bought into a fraction ownership program how are you getting on which program did you buy into did you find it work it's working for you uh let's get the conversation going it'd be great and that's all from foreign tv and i'll see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @LMays-cu2hp [1 likes]: Thank you for your advice.
  2. @parimal7528 [1 likes]: It's better to charter (can buy hours in advance to cut costs further) or buy outright based on practical & financial reasons. In fractional ownership, depreciation costs too goes down the drain. Also if one needs to pull out, max loss is in fractional ownership.
  3. @richardcayad3608 [1 likes]: Love the info fab

- The Five Biggest Problems Aviation Professionals Have with Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign Williams with ABCI um happy wins Wednesday I hope that you'll join us for our social media workshop this afternoon uh and I just wanted to outline what are the problems that we're running into in our practice with Aviation professionals about social media and there are five of them that we're going to talk about in our workshop and we're going to solve all of them or at least uh make a good uh make some good strides towards solving them for people that attend that Workshop as much as we can in an hour so it's a pretty tall order but but there we go so here are the five problems that we see Aviation professionals running into number one is making content engaging now this is a whole lot easier if you are a charter company and you're talking about fabulous destinations or if you're a flight school and you have students that are doing fantastic things and don't mind doing the Ice Bucket Challenge when they they get their solo and other things like that but some of us sell insurance or software or other things that are just not quite as exciting as those things and so it's really important for us to find ways to make our product or service or the results of our product or service Visual and engaging and you know that's not always easy with business to business products especially second problem not knowing which platforms to spend time on so there are a ton of social media platforms and there were even more that were created over the last two years so besides the old standbys of Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Instagram YouTube now we've got Tick Tock Discord telegram you know all kinds of things so which ones should we be spending time to create content for because typically you know uh content that we create for one platform is not going to perform as well on the other platforms because they all have their ins and outs and ups and downs so which are the best for the aviation industry in particular and for your particular uh Niche within the aviation industry so uh you know those are the things that we're going to be talking about is how to find the ones with the best Roi find the ones that your competitors are on or are not on and whether you want to engage with your competitors or whether you want to have a free blue ocean of a particular channel to yourself those are all good strategies speaking of strategy that's number three um creating a strategy uh social media is not a set it and forget it type of activity if it was we'd all still be Auto posting on MySpace right uh there needs to be an intelligent plan that's put into place and we need to revisit that on a 90-day basis because things change that quickly you know they rise they fall they rise again uh you know among those channels that we're we're working with where we should be spending time is is kind of a moving Target number four uh measuring results so one of the great things about social media is that it gives us fantastic uh Analytics but the problem is you know just because something can be measured doesn't necessarily mean that that is the most important thing to be measuring I'll give you an example we often have people tell us that they found us on LinkedIn when I know for a fact you know that maybe they have engaged with a dozen of our Tick Tock videos but they don't necessarily want to say that especially in a conference call with their boss so a lot of times people don't remember where they found us first or they don't remember the details of their customer Journey so they don't remember which platforms really caused them to make a decision to contact us or to make a purchase so you know those things become a little bit difficult to measure and then the fifth problem is I just don't know what to write I just don't know what to to write as new posts or I don't know what to comment I know I should be commenting on these thought leaders in my industry and I know I should be engaging with them and I read their posts and I just don't know what to say this is not a skill that I grew up with I can engage in a conversation with a person in a room but I just don't have experience with looking at something on social media and figuring out how to respond to that so those are the five problems that we're going to be addressing at least beginning to address in our social media workshop this afternoon and it is just for Aviation professionals so you'll be in good company and uh I hope you bring your questions and your problems and everything else and we'll hash them out and have a great time see you this afternoon thank you

- Is Owning A SHARE Right For You? General Aviation Shared Aircraft Ownership: Kind: captions Language: en hello today i'll be talking about aircraft ownership and we're finding out if a share is right for you [Music] hello welcome to another fly with marco video today i'll be talking about aircraft ownership and particularly discussing purchasing shares in an aircraft and if that's something that may be best suited to you and we've had a few comments in the past week asking me to make a video of this nature so i hope this helps and adds value to your thinking now if you haven't already subscribed i really encourage you to do so it really helps show your support for me and thank you to those who have already subscribed so i'm going to give you five things to think about and this will help you decide whether a share is right for you now before we start i've got a share in a slingsby firefly and recently purchased a new share in a cirrus sr20 okay so number one do you enjoy flying with other pilots if you do then a share could be right for you personally i like to fly with other pilots i really enjoy it and i always find if we've got two heads in the cockpit we can achieve a lot more now obviously if you're flying with a pilot one of you could fly there and the other could fly back and in which case not only do you half the costs but you can also share that experience okay coming nicely onto the second point is how much can you afford to fly do you have a monthly budget and you know within this set month i can do this many hours of flying obviously purchasing a share you're just pushing you know a slice of that aircraft so if you're somewhat limited on the budget point of view then buying a share would be great because not only can you buy yourself your way into a maybe a high performance aircraft that you maybe wouldn't have been able to own outright but you can still fly it on occasions obviously remember the ongoing costs to not only maintain but to fly the aircraft are often greater than the purchase price itself so it's important that you factor that in when you come up with your budget on how much and how maybe how often you can fly and just to give you an example obviously we know the fixed costs of owning aircraft are extremely large and i've done a separate video on this and for most standard gaa aircrafts uh cfa aircrafts that is you know you're probably looking at between or at least nine ten thousand pounds per year of fixed cost before you've even flown one hour when you're factoring your hangar your insurance and other types of costs as well obviously maintenance and annual checks so if you're potentially say buying into a one-tenth share you're splitting those costs between 10 individuals in which case it makes everything a lot more affordable obviously because we've spread this fixed cost over a number of shareholders this will actually means your outlay will be less and therefore you could actually fly more hours per month than you could if you own the aircraft outright just because you've got this massive cost saving here by splitting these fixed costs between say 10 people okay so the third point that's really important is do you want to manage the aircraft so obviously an aircraft needs managing you need to liaise with the engineers to fix any issues and to obviously get the annual booked and sorted again you need to arrange insurance and make sure that's up to date of course you need to have to hang the aircraft somewhere and you need to obviously maintain that spot or find a new spot so it's a silly question but do you want to spend time in managing the aircraft if you don't then share could be right for you or if you just fancy maybe want to take on a smaller role within the share it could be even cleaning an aircraft um it could be something like you know liaising with the engineers at one task rather than five tasks buying into a share could be right for you sometimes individuals are allocated certain jobs so for example we could have an ex-engineer in the in the group in which case he deals with all the engineering over here we could have um i don't know just say an ex-insurance broker and she could deal with all the insurance so by buying into a share you're sometimes certain members take on specific roles and responsibilities which really helps the rulers of the group as a whole okay so the fourth thing that's really important is aircraft availability how important is aircraft availability to you well if it's really really important buying a share may not be for you however if you can plan ahead and book slots and you're not supposed to be flying you know every day or every other day then buying into a share could be right for you most shares have an online booking system where you can book the aircraft for a certain number of hours or half a day or depending on the agreement within the group book it for the weekend or a week now if availability is really important to you and you can only really book last minute stuff then buying a share may not be great however if you're flexible and you can book time in advance then you can schedule your flying pretty easily and buying a share could be something for you now of course this is on a scale so not all groups have the same number of shares some groups could have two shareholders and others could have 20 so again the availability will range between the number of shareholders that are within the group so find a number that works for you and lastly the fifth point is do you want to meet new people make new friends expand your network if so buying a share is perfect for you not only will you find like-minded individuals that want to fly together and love aviation but it's a great way in making new friends and expanding your network so this is something that you've got to ask yourself and but buying into a share is great not only are you buying into a group but you're part of a family as well and both shares that i own there's such a great feeling within the group and we all try and help each other out so you know i like to end these videos with a terrible joke so i bought a new plane the other day though i was disappointed they wouldn't let me keep the hangar thanks very much for listening i hope you've got value in today's video thanks very much for the guys that commented to actually want this video and if you want to see any more videos in the future please don't hesitate to comment or ask me thanks very much listening and enjoy your day

  Top Comments:
  1. @mubasharyasin9826 [2 likes]: Great video, cheers for the insight!! Good joke at the end aha
  2. @mikegreene4152 [1 likes]: Very nicely done !  As an aspiring pilot I appreciate your thoughts on this.
  3. @nieder-olm [1 likes]: Great vid. Thanks for sharing! I played it at 1.5 speed :)
  4. @Salim-pt4tj [1 likes]: Nice video. I am asking if possible to rant an aircraft for a particular time   for example three months or 150 hrs of total flying   can you please make a video of that.  thanks
  5. @SlotsWithSteve [1 likes]: Thank you for this video - I am looking to start flying once covid is over so its something to consider for when I get my licence. Keep the videos coming! 😃
  6. @TwentyThreeasy: Thanks for the video. How do you go about finding aircraft that are available to purchase a share in, in the UK?

- 05 Flexible Usage - Scheduling Flight Time: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi welcome to airplane Partnerships Groove my name is DC surface and today I want to talk to you about scheduling the airplane that you own with two three four or maybe more uh co-owners we get this question a lot it seems to be a big concern concern um around scheduling so you have two or three or four let's say four people that uh own co-own an airplane and you know how exactly is the scheduling going to work with this I'm going to talk you a little bit from experience and we're going to tell you maybe a little bit about what you shouldn't do and maybe what you can do and um I'm just here to tell you that it's really not an issue or big as big an issue as you think it's going to be uh and that's because I talked in the past about the old 8020 rule well it's the same in an airplane regardless of whether you have three members two or two two owners three owners four owners doesn't M matter is still the 8020 rules going to apply and that really plays to your benefit and the reason I say that is because uh most of the time say you have three three owners in an airplane one's going to be fairly active the second person's going to be you know somewhat active and the third person's really not going to be that active uh at all and so that's what I say it plays to your benefit another thing is that um I was actually in the equity ownership club we had four airplanes 10 members per plane at one particular point in time and they actually did studies on this and I never had an issue we had four airplanes uh they were stationed two two at one airport and two at another airport and uh in the hangers and there was never an issue with scheduling and there was more than a 90% probability that an airplane would be available to you when you wanted it and like I said I just never experienced it with that many people and again the 8020 rule applies to it so it's the same thing here um say you got two three four owners uh co-owners in an airplane um how how do you go about scheduling this thing well I like to call it flexible usage actually and that is you can use a calendar like Google Calendar you can just go on and share so everybody can see what's going on or you can use a software uh for instance like klight and klight is not a sponsor of this channel in any any way but um I just am familiar with their software and it's you can use something like that to do your scheduling and other things with your airplane to help manage the airplane let's just stick with scheduling here um if you use a calendar one of the things that we did was we would assign weeks so if there was ever uh discrepancy whoever's week it was took priority meaning that I had a week and it might start you know Sunday at midnight and then Sunday U so it go Sunday to Sunday uh and then the next uh owner would have the next week and so forth and so on so that actually worked out pretty well and actually the last airplane that I was in a partnership on was ass cess 206 and um I only had one conflict and that's the only conflict I've ever had in all the Partnerships I've ever had and it was really just a miscommunication no big deal nobody was trying to get somewhere had to get somewhere uh but it was just a conflict on the schedule and we resolved it and no no issue but um but what I want to say is that uh I don't even think you have to carry it that far I don't think it's the tiebreaker to assign weeks to uh each partner but I like basically what happens and what we found over time is that the airplane set more than it got used um and that was not a good thing but so it turned out the scheduling really wasn't the issue with the airplane right lack of usage of that airplane was the issue uh but what you can do is uh just put a calendar out there or again go to some software pick whatever software you'd like and let members go in and say maybe in 60 days you can have a 60-day window that they can go in and reserve the airplane for whatever dates they know that they're going to fly maybe they've got a little weekend getaway planned and they want to fly off somewhere and the plane's going to be gone all weekend well put that on out there 30 days two weeks you know 60 days from now it really doesn't matter and then that way everybody has visibility to it um and then if you had a trip that actually had to be made and it was actually your week that particular week then the negotiation starts a little bit okay um so if it's something that has to be done I'm sure the other partner would understand that understand that it's also your week and concede the airplay to you again no big deal uh but that actually works pretty well and you're going to find that you're probably never really going to have an issue or a conflict uh scheduling the airplane doing it so just get a get a cal calendar get use Google Calendar share it get a software put the scheduling out there let everybody schedule out I actually kind of like that because you know in the summer months everybody likes to take a vacation and sometimes we'd be gone for a week and um so I would look at it and say well I know this is my week if there's a conflict or something and I would schedule my vacation during that time if it worked out uh where there was no issues or complications with scheduling that airplane um but to be real honest about it it's just really not a concern I know a lot of people in the Facebook group by the way we've got 47,000 members in our Facebook group now if you're not a member there I encourage you to go over and find that group it's a airplane partnership group um and join it because it's fantastic for finding a partnership if you trying to buy into one or if you you're trying to sell one um it's the place to go to make that happen um but like I said you get a lot of of questions coming from there uh about scheduling and I just want to you know put everybody's mind at ease that scheduling is really not that big of an issue in a partnership there's other things that are going to be greater issues and to be honest about it making sure the airplanes flying and get utilized is probably going to be a bigger issue than you know conf FS on your schedu so anyway I hope this helps you out uh if you have any questions or something please just reach out to us um uh we're also going to be at Sun and fund so if you're going to be down in Sun and fund uh first part of April we'd love to see you there I'm actually putting on a form talking about airplane Partnerships um so uh it's going to start with 11 o'clock every morning on Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday and also if you would like to reach out to us and ask us any questions or anything like that um you can email us at airplan Partnerships group@gmail.com and we'll be more than glad to uh answer any questions that you may have uh also look for pretty soon we're going to have a book coming out this is March 2025 and we're going to have that book available by uh Sun and Fun this year so that's going to be exciting too one of the probably only books out there on Partnerships um there is one but it's an older one uh so this one's somewhat updated very updated and I think it'll help you out there so with that I'm going to close it out and I just say I'd like to say to you may you have blue skies and smooth winds ahead may your altitude always be as high as your spirits and your Landings as perfect as your takeoff I wish you safe travels and everything you do and we'll see you next time

- Partners in Aviation Managed Co-Ownership: Access Comparable to Sole-Ownership: Kind: captions Language: en one of the major concerns when considering a partnership revolves around the scheduled who has control of the plane and when P I M Anna Jo nur ship customers enjoy a sharing format that works the secret is bi-weekly control with incentivized charity managed by a professional third party bi-weekly control each owner has 100 percent control of the aircraft every other week so trips can be scheduled appropriately when mutually agreeable between co-owners adjustments to the format are often made to cover specific schedule requirements incentivized sharing a small interchange fee between co-owners encourages them to make the plane available operators flying 100 to 150 hours per year are typically flying their aircraft on average four to five days per month with the incentive in place co-owners enjoy access comparable to sole ownership typically 25 days per month consider that as a p IA co-owner you will have access to your aircraft on average 25 days per month while paying for half this is the value proposition that is the driving force behind the success of the program a key aspect to ensure all this runs smoothly is putting professional management at the center of operations so communication doesn't flow between partners but directly through a management company know your aircraft is there when you need it your airplane your schedule half the cost kiai a managed co-ownership the wisest model of aircraft ownership [Music]

- Why So Many Airlines are Going Bankrupt: Kind: captions Language: en This video was made possible by Shopify—the platform behind Wendover and hundreds of thousands of others’ online stores. The last five years have the most the consistently profitable and financially successful years ever for the world’s commercial airlines. Including the 2019 forecast, they’ve earned more than $160 billion in combined profit over this period. With a world economy more robust and connected than ever, the aviation industry is flying high… or at least most of it. In these same five years, the world has seen some extremely high-profile airline collapses and the frequency of these seems to only be picking up. The trend truly began in 2017 when Monarch, a well-respected British leisure airline with fifty years of history, went belly-up. The very same month, Air Berlin, a massive airline with over 8,000 employees and 100 planes, also ceased operations. 2018 then saw the end of Primera Air—an airline that generated buzz but seemingly flew to close to the sun in its final days with its low-cost transatlantic flights—and Cobalt Air—a small Cypriot carrier. 2019, though, was the year of slaughter. Wow Air, a huge player in the low-cost transatlantic market, stopped flying. Aigle Azur, France’s second largest airline, stopped flying. Xl Airways France, a long-existing transatlantic airline, stopped flying. Adria Airways, a mid-sized Slovenian airline, Then, after fifty years of history, Thomas Cook Airlines suddenly too stopped flying in what entered the record books as the largest UK airline collapse ever. Worth noting is that the aforementioned airlines are not cherry picked names. It’s certainly not the definitive list of airline collapses in the past three years, but they are most all the highest-profile ones, and with these, there are two interesting patterns. Firstly, every single one of these airlines is based in Europe. Secondly, and perhaps more strangely, every single one of these airlines, with the exception of Wow Air, stopped flying in either the month of September or October. Neither the pattern in location or times of these collapses is a coincidence. There are very good reasons behind these trends. For the timing, you see, in general airlines’ most profitable season by far is summer since that’s when there’s the most demand. There are certainly exceptions to this rule. For example, an airline flying between the Northern and Southern Hemisphere a substantial amount, like Qantas, typically sees more more consistent month-to-month profits as it benefits from the demand in both the northern and southern summer. The seasonality of demand also varies significantly by region. For example, here are a few years of overall month-to-month passenger figures in the US. You can see that there’s a clear peak each August and a clear valley each February, with smaller, secondary peaks each year for Thanksgiving and Christmas. If you take a look at Europe’s month-to-month figures, though, you can see how relatively stable the US’ traffic is. Relying much more on leisure travel, which is highly seasonal, European airlines have to cope with winter demand being almost half that of summer demand. Airlines in the US, though, carry more business travelers, in proportion, who tend to book more consistently throughout the year and therefore they don’t have as much excess capacity in the winter. There are even regions like Asia-Pacific that see nearly no seasonality in their demand, but the main thing to know is that Europe has highly seasonal traffic which means the timing of when its airlines make their money is highly seasonal. For example, take a look at Ryanair’s quarterly gross profit graph. In 2018, they made $901 million from January to March, $1.4 billion from April to June, then an enormous $2.1 billion from July to September. The fall was then definitively their weakest quarter with only $877 million made. Essentially, they made 3/4 of their profits in half the year. The problem airlines then have, though, is cashflow. For the busy summer season, airlines will get paid for tickets in the months leading up to those flights. Therefore, most of the money for that season will get to them between March and August. It’s therefore a season that can typically sustain even the financially weakest airlines. Come September, though, bookings start to dry up and therefore so does cashflow. With that, airlines will start to struggle to pay off their debts, let alone the costs for fuel and other operating expenses. Once an airline starts to fall behind on their debts, it tends to be a vicious cycle. Quickly, they might have planes repossessed, which means they have to cancel flights, which means they have to pay for hotels and penalties and for rebooking and pretty soon, the airline won’t have enough money to operate and will be declared bankrupt. In Europe, unlike the US, there is little opportunity for businesses to restructure once bankrupt so, for the most part, that means they’re closed down immediately and indefinitely. As the aviation industry is so volatile and capital intense, these bankruptcies can happen impressively fast. In Thomas Cook’s case, there had been hints of its financial difficulties for months, but at the end of August, it seemed the company would likely be saved by a buyout deal. It only truly became clear that the airline was headed towards its end the very week of its collapse but still, everything went on as normal from an operational standpoint. On September 22nd, at 9:40 pm, the airline tweeted in response to a customer, saying, “our flights and holiday operations are operating as normal.” That was true… at the time. All the flights were taking off, they were still selling tickets, everything was normal from the public perspective. Behind closed doors, though, things were not ok. Five and a half hours later, in the early hours of the morning of September 23rd, the company’s last tweet went out saying, “we are sorry to announce that Thomas Cook has ceased trading with immediate effect.” All around the world, at the very moment of their declaration of insolvency, flights were quite literally boarding, crews onboard, planes fueled, ready to go. With the company now gone, though, everything had to stop. Those crews were not longer employed, that fuel wouldn’t be paid for, the planes were no longer owned or leased by the airline, everything stopped. Of course, once an airline collapses and its flights are cancelled, there is no longer an airline to rebook passengers onto other flights. In most cases, passengers are just out of luck, but in the case of the UK, their Civil Aviation Authority essentially takes the place of any UK airline for the weeks following its collapse. The CAA will either rebook passengers onto another airline or just actually run their own flights. Of course, the CAA doesn’t have their own fleet of planes. Rather, they have a number of airlines around the world essentially on retainer for anytime they need to run repatriation flights. This includes plenty of charter operators like HiFly, Atlas Global, Wamos Air, and more, but perhaps the most unique aircraft used by the CAA was a Malaysian Airlines a380. The airline dedicates some of its a380’s to charter operations and so, the day before Thomas Cook’s collapse, when it became clear that the end was nigh, the a380 flew empty all the way from Kuala Lumpur to Manchester. It landed a couple minutes past midnight on September 23rd, just a few short hours before Thomas Cook was officially declared insolvent. As this and plenty of other aircraft pre-positioned even while Thomas Cook flew its last flights, the CAA was able to start flying its repatriation flights the same day and many passengers were only a few hours delayed, even after their airline went belly-up. The Malaysian a380 was assigned to fly flights from Palma de Mallorca, but part of the difficulty was that, from Palma, Thomas Cook had flown an enormous quantity of flights to an enormous number of destinations in the UK—London, Cardiff, Birmingham, East Midlands, Manchester, Newcastle, Glasgow, and Belfast. Of course, it’s much more complicated to find eight small planes than just one large plane, so that’s what they did—they found the the largest passenger plane in the world. Every flight the a380 flew ran just the two hours from Palma to Manchester and then from Manchester, buses ran to Glasgow, Newcastle, East Midlands, Birmingham, and London. Using this system, with just one aircraft, the CAA was able to run up to three flights a day from Palma to the UK with capacity for nearly 1,500 passengers—the equivalent to almost seven Thomas Cook a321’s. This whole process went on for weeks, making for a lucrative payday for the world’s charter companies and an expensive bill for the UK government, but it certainly is easier than having hundreds of thousands of passengers stranded worldwide. Having a record-breaking airline collapse and then another record-breaking airline collapse in the span of two years is certainly not normal and it’s certainly not a coincidence. Part of the problem is that the airline industry has been so robust in the past decade that it has allowed weaker airlines to survive. Out of the bankrupted airlines mentioned at the start—Monarch, Air Berlin, Primera Air, Cobalt Air, Wow Air, Aigle Azur, XL Airways France, Adria Airways, and Thomas Cook—five were focused on long-haul, low-cost flying. This business model is a rather new phenomenon made possible, at least on paper, by smaller, fuel efficient, long-haul aircraft and low fuel costs but, outside of Asia and Australia, no airline has really achieved sustained profitability with this model. Air Asia X, Scoot, and Jetstar are really the only airlines worldwide that have seen long-term financial success flying long-haul, low cost. After fuel prices plummeted in 2014, these airlines entered a period of rapid expansion as they were able to undercut the incumbents prices significantly, but then, in 2017, fuel prices starting ticking back up and these airlines had a tough choice—they could either raise prices and lose some of the market share they had built up or keep prices the same and grow further away from profitability. Many chose the ladder and, as fuel prices continued to rise, the companies began to fall. Many analysts have also suggested that another contributing factor to this spate of airline collapses is overcapacity. Somewhat as a result of how successful and profitable the industry has been over the past decade, airlines have been buying planes like crazy and investors have been funding airlines like crazy. For a while, the rule had been that adding more capacity means more profits, however, the industry has likely found the ceiling to that rule. This is especially true in Europe’s market where buying an additional plane that you might be able to fill in the summer means paying for it throughout the long winter too, when it might sit empty. What’s for sure, though, is that Thomas Cook will not be the last to fall. It is only getting tougher to survive as an airline, especially in Europe, and each year, without fail, another big name too will topple in September or October—the latest victim in the world’s annual airline culling season. One of the ways that Wendover Productions functions as a business, and stays out of bankruptcy, of course, is through merchandise sales. We sell a few types of t-shirts for both Wendover and Half as Interesting which is a nice, predictable income source that we control. Creating an online store at first seemed daunting, but then we came across Shopify. Shopify is a super simple yet advanced solution to creating and running your online store. They are designed to be a partner to independent businesses as features like a logo maker, plug and play store themes, marketing solutions, and much more make it easy to succeed. For your customers, it makes for a great buying experience—one that you’ve probably already used as they’re used by over 800,000 business worldwide, including mine, you know, in case you want to try out the buying experience for a Wendover t-shirt. By going to shopify.com/Wendover, you’ll be able to try Shopify for free for 14 days—no credit card required—and then after that, pricing is as low as $9 a month.

  Top Comments:
  1. @22817hm [3 likes]: Came back after hearing about Spirit Airlines.
  2. @Pwn3dbyth3n00b [2 likes]: COVID: Hold my beer
  3. @gmrn1122 [1 likes]: And in 2021 the bankruption of Alitalia
  4. @choker-11 [1 likes]: this video was made literally 3 months before the pandemic and where it all went to shit
  5. @erikm8707 [1 likes]: You would think since Europeans get more vacation hours then us they’d have a better air travel industry.
  6. @DangerAngelous [1 likes]: Airlines in 2019: oh no we’re all going bankrupt!
2020: allow me to introduce myself
  7. @PaulGrubbs08: whos here after spirit died ?
  8. @Gus_the_cat: And now it's Spirit Airlines that have ceased!
  9. @felixw19: 9:49 showing a Flybe plane in a video about airline bankruptcies a year before they went bankrupt is prophetic.

Btw of the 3 airlines shown in this shot, not a single one still exists today 😂
  10. @Avyaan-av: 1:30  bro you forget jet airways
  11. @Basic-Aviation007: Forgot Flybe
  12. @a330_butter_machine: Rip Cathay Dragonair 國泰港龍航空
  13. @AdmiralBonetoPick: I lived in Britain for 20 years while Thomas Cook was active. I heard about their bankruptcy reported in the news. Yet it wasn't until seeing your video that I realised they were an airline operator. Their advertising always gave the impression they were a package tour operator / travel agent: a middleman that could be ignored by booking directly with actual airlines...
  14. @mikethompson3534: Piss poor management
  15. @MoviesAndHeists: watching in 2025
This video is now very ironic😂
  16. @DJEPSTNai: 1:29 Bro you forgot Small Planet Airlines
  17. @zeeshanehtisham442: if the issue is seasonal demand then why airlines neved worked on variable leases to get planes in summers and release in winters? fuel cant be the issue since it changes prices for every airline so the prices will go up in every airline and they could stay cheap despite coverng fuel impact
  18. @RobFrank22: Fares are too low
  19. @PandaBrickStudios: R.I.P to all the lost airlines gone but never forgotten
  20. @Jhonny8_sum_cheses: Welp the first few words of this video didn’t age well

- Former Owner of Flight School That Trained 9/11 Pilots Recounts Lost Fortune: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Mohammad ATA and Marwan alihi were at the controls of the two planes on September 11th 2001 the two that crashed into the World Trade Center BR this is the man who ran the flight school that trained both of them for 6 months Rudy Deckers a Dutch citizen who has lived here since 1993 he's flying us in a four- seat Cessna 172 just like the one that a and alihi trained on at Decker's flight school here in Florida clear for take off Deckers is taking us on the same flight training path along the Atlantic Ocean it's the first time he's flown the route in 8 years so a flight instructor sits next to him this is the bridge to the left and this is the airport here these southwestern Florida skies were the training grounds for three of the four Pilots it's not that they chose this area because of the flat ground and the fact that the coastline can be used for navigation we always went 10 mies out of the area and this is a very quiet area so they did the Stalls here the Steep turns um they're they're they're all practicing Decker saw these two every day he still has their applications their test scores and student visa papers even 's signature on his pilot license at was always very uh by himself didn't talk too much didn't like to talk to us but I'll see he did they were very much like many other foreign students except Decker says they were disrespectful and inattentive after his chief instructor warned they might be expelled Ada and Ali's attitudes improved but what his company trained them to do unraveled his life his fortune and his business that's where was my Airline office and maintenance building over there but that's you know nothing is mine anymore at 4 a.m. the day after the terrorist attacks FBI agents entered Decker's office it was in this building at the time They confiscated his files and computers immigration officials questioned him about these student visa applications he testified before Congress Florida charged him with fraud then dropped the charges his business and marriage collapsed that brought so much stress lost financially everything I was worth $12 million on paper and after a year after 911 I was worth $46,000 Deckers blames the terrorists Al-Qaeda and Osama Bin Laden he's written a book about his experience called Guilty By Association if he had a flight school today I would not have Muslim Students Decker says his once successful life is now gone when you lose you dream when you lose all your money I lived on the beach in Naples at the selda house I lost everything but I'm still here but some 3,000 others are not Rudy Decker says he's a Survivor and that's the story he wants to tell in Venice Florida carollyn purui vaa news

  Top Comments:
  1. @HansFoosball-m1m [2 likes]: So when a guy smashes his car into a group of people, we should sue his high school driver's Ed teacher?
  2. @omarafifeh1784 [2 likes]: Israel did it
  3. @atraina6921 [2 likes]: The fact that he admitted he wouldn’t teach Muslim students after 9/11 proves that these guys created multiple racists in America. All they did was hurt their cause.
  4. @jackdavis8701 [1 likes]: everyone defending this guy but he had two suspicious Arab students who spoke no English and had no interest in learning how to land the planes. He should have alerted the authorities. He was more interested in making money.
  5. @thediamondavenger2657 [1 likes]: I really feel bad for this man you gotta imagine how much guilt he felt after we found out who the hijackers were not fault you just gotta imagine the guilt this man went through the last 20 some years
  6. @randykarl4351 [1 likes]: The usual bsstrdd and their religion,racists,and so on...kaboooomm people...we ,the other are not that perfect, but we are not EVIL like this type of people...ISxxx
  7. @Islamiceditz22690 [1 likes]: I feel bad for this guy. His conscience must be very awful.
  8. @ito12347 [1 likes]: it's a tough thing to say whether he should've been held accountable for what happened. I agree he didn't know such people would take flying lessons to commit such act. It's important to note all the signs that were missed. The hijackers were such in a rush to complete their course, and had failed their course multiple times. They said things like they're not interested in learning to ascend, descend land, or using other key instruments in the flight deck, they showed only interest in steering the plane.  Atta at some point even asked if he could finance a plane and have the seats removed. These are just a few signs that should have alerted him. Most importantly it was a collection of mistakes that happened on 9/11 that allowed this act to carry out. The government prior to 9/11 being warned of possible hijacks occurring in the U.S.  On that day at the airport, security for second thought about questioning atta for behaving suspiciously, yet she said decided not to stop atta for she didn't want to come off as discriminating.
  9. @theboogeyman826 [1 likes]: I don't believe they did it
  10. @renesantiago9417 [1 likes]: What I don't understand is how in the world he taught these assholes to fly on a small plane for 6 months when they hijacked commercial planes a small plane and a jetliner are 2 different planes both types of planes have everything different inside so how did they learn to fly a big plane from learning how to fly a small plane I don't get it it's like learning to ride a bike to be able to drive a car 🚗
  11. @celiaescalante: Possessed by extraterrestrials! Too much of strange thing! 9/11 is phone number 911 and that date is during the Autumn Equinox!!! That's stuff is about demonic possession!!!
  12. @celiaescalante: What was their lineage? I wonder if they had American parents or grandparents. Their names and religion don't say much about them, at all.
  13. @thediamondavenger2657: This man did not deserve all the hate and ended up getting I’ve seen people say no been looking at them first of all that is extremely racist he’s not all Muslims are bad thinking of all how is anyone supposed to know that was gonna happen no more aircraft crash minute towers of government building thank God heroes stopped from heading either the capital or the White House
  14. @alnaghashmn: Rudi Dekkers was a controversial Dutch businessman and convicted drug trafficker who was convinced to purchase Huffman Aviation in 1999 by the Jewish founder of the school, Stanley Huffman.
  15. @octoman511: he should have racial profiled them
  16. @shanemcguigan5170: How can the U.S. government get mad when it’s known 13 government agents from Israel before 9/11 around Miami and were found years other big cities were  found housing these “terrorist” who were involved in the hijacking
  17. @1974rail: Those bush administration runid his life
  18. @undisclosedidentity9893: Atta saying that he wasn’t bothered about how to land was a huge red flag
  19. @cyberhermit1222: This company doesn't train people to fly large aircraft
  20. @ninasimone727: 😢 YOU DID NOT KNOW.LOOK TO JESUS AND GOD WILL 🙏🏿 RESTORE ONE HUNDRED FOLD EVERYTHING 🙏🏿 THE DEVIL STOLE.  ITS OK SIR.

- How to Buy an Airplane and Write it Off on Your Taxes: Kind: captions Language: en Nobody likes taxes—they stink. But here, taxes are very important to help people&nbsp; discover their aviation lifestyle potential. You’d be amazed at what’s possible for helping you&nbsp;&nbsp; structure ownership in a tax-advantaged&nbsp; way for that airplane of your dreams. So why are we talking about taxes today? Well, this is the area where many clients who&nbsp; are interested in being involved with aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; discover things they had no idea were possible. Many clients come in planning to buy an&nbsp; airplane with the money they have on hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then they discover that there are&nbsp; ways to structure business or ownership&nbsp;&nbsp; of the aircraft that could generate direct&nbsp; offsets to their personal income for taxes. Literally, you can end up owning the plane and&nbsp;&nbsp; paying less in taxes than&nbsp; you would have otherwise. Now, there are many details that go into this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and of course, I’m not a lawyer,&nbsp; a CPA, or even a tax advisor. However, I am a businessman and have spent 20&nbsp; years helping people discover these things and&nbsp;&nbsp; working with our advisors, so I do know a lot. The&nbsp; big-picture concepts are the most important part. The first thing to understand&nbsp; is that, in the United States,&nbsp;&nbsp; our tax law is actually very well-structured&nbsp; to support a desire to enjoy private aircraft. This is due to the business tax laws that&nbsp; give us access to what’s called depreciation. There are multiple types of depreciation,&nbsp; but they all have the same idea:&nbsp;&nbsp; giving us a way as a business to&nbsp; invest in something and write off&nbsp;&nbsp; that investment either upfront&nbsp; or in a very accelerated way. There’s something called bonus depreciation—that’s&nbsp; the one that’s so exciting because,&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on which tax year we’re in,&nbsp; it could be anywhere from 40, 60, 80,&nbsp;&nbsp; even 100% in years past, where we can take&nbsp; the entire purchase deduction immediately. Now, we’re not talking about the&nbsp; operating costs in that moment. When we say bonus depreciation, that means&nbsp; if we buy a million-dollar asset that is&nbsp;&nbsp; 100% used for business in a particular tax year,&nbsp;&nbsp; it could range from a million dollars being offset&nbsp; of regular income to maybe 60% of that income. It depends on the set of facts we’re working with. Then there’s something called&nbsp; Section 179 depreciation and&nbsp;&nbsp; also general accelerated depreciation. It really doesn’t matter what any of these things&nbsp; are called. What’s most important is to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; that there are ways to structure the actual&nbsp; purchase price so that it becomes a tax lever. That’s the big-picture concept. How it gets applied to which type of&nbsp; aircraft and which type of ownership&nbsp;&nbsp; structure is the nuance of how to&nbsp; best structure it for each client. Many people considering aircraft think&nbsp; that they have to have a business in&nbsp;&nbsp; order to enjoy business deductibility for an&nbsp; aircraft. And while that’s technically true,&nbsp;&nbsp; what they’re not aware of is all the&nbsp; different ways that actually owning&nbsp;&nbsp; an aircraft and putting it in different&nbsp; structures creates an actual business. One of the things we did at LifeStyle Aviation&nbsp;&nbsp; was to create our own sharing&nbsp; programs, called DiamondShare. This has been a successful program&nbsp; for us for, oh gosh, 15 years. Owners own the aircraft, members fly the aircraft,&nbsp;&nbsp; and pay for general access. Their flight&nbsp; hours become business hours for the owner. It’s a fabulous structure for enjoying the&nbsp; aircraft, structuring the ownership cost,&nbsp;&nbsp; and allowing the owner to enjoy maximum&nbsp; deductibility with minimum usage of the aircraft. Another structure we use&nbsp; often is called a leaseback. When we say leaseback, we&nbsp; generally mean to a flight school. Looking at leasebacks is a great idea&nbsp; and can sometimes be the ideal situation,&nbsp;&nbsp; because technically, these structures can produce&nbsp; profits, making it a profitable enterprise. Now, candidly, we don’t promote&nbsp; this as “buy an airplane,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll make money.” You might&nbsp; make money, but what’s great&nbsp;&nbsp; about it is setting up this potential for&nbsp; profitability within a business structure. This means you’re now going to enjoy&nbsp; all the tax-deductible potential of&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft ownership for business purposes. Those that fly the plane pay the school&nbsp;&nbsp; for access, and every one of&nbsp; those hours is business use. Every one of those business-use hours drives that&nbsp; deductibility for the owner of that aircraft. Another variation of a leaseback concept is where&nbsp; the aircraft is put in a Part 135 structure. Part 135 has unique rules. It’s the same idea, but the usage profile of the&nbsp;&nbsp; aircraft is managed by an entity in the&nbsp; business of providing charter services,&nbsp;&nbsp; flying that aircraft around and providing&nbsp; those charter services to individuals. Then that income flow comes back to the&nbsp; owner—a great business structure that can&nbsp;&nbsp; provide possible profitability&nbsp; and definite deductibility. Another ownership structure many people&nbsp; think of is partnerships. It’s a valid&nbsp;&nbsp; structure, especially if you happen to have&nbsp; a brother-in-law, a family member, or someone&nbsp;&nbsp; you already know you want to split an aircraft&nbsp; with. This can be an ideal structure for you. There’s flexibility in how it can be split for tax&nbsp;&nbsp; purposes, and there are unique ways it&nbsp; can be created, structured, and managed. Partnerships are typically the&nbsp; hardest to create and get into,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the hardest to get out of. We help clients&nbsp; conceptualize partnerships and implement them. We also provide guidance on the considerations&nbsp;&nbsp; they’d want to think about to determine&nbsp; if it’s the right structure for them. If you’re considering an aircraft right now, now&nbsp; is the time for you to dig into this information&nbsp;&nbsp; and find out if it could apply to your situation.&nbsp; And if so, which tax year should it be applied to? Take, for example, if it’s November. There’s time for you to acquire an aircraft, get&nbsp; full deductibility before the end of the year,&nbsp;&nbsp; and take full advantage. It might&nbsp; be the ideal time to do it, or you&nbsp;&nbsp; can plan for another tax year—whichever&nbsp; is exactly right for your circumstances. Having helped hundreds of people discover&nbsp; an aviation lifestyle and achieve it,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can honestly say that it is&nbsp; one of the most life-changing&nbsp;&nbsp; things you can possibly do if you&nbsp; have the inclination to want it. Let us help you discover it, explore it,&nbsp; and find ways to justify and pay for it.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s doable, and nothing can replace what&nbsp; an airplane offers in private aviation. So we hope you explore it, discover&nbsp; it, attain it, and enjoy it!

  Top Comments:
  1. @navajojohn9448 [17 likes]: One thing left out of most depreciation stories and it is a biggy. When you sell the item you have to recapture the depreciation.  Buy a plane for $1m  and do 100% depreciation then sell the plane for $800k  that $800k is now one big lump of income with a probably a tax bill.
  2. @tfargher1 [9 likes]: Only works when you have enough profits to effectively take the deduction.  You can take the loss against profits but the loss can only be taken against your basis in the company.  If you put nothing in you can't write anything off against it as you have no basis to take the loss.  Once basis is gone you can't take further loss deductions.  So make sure you have enough profits to take the deduction and or basis.
  3. @aviationphd [6 likes]: Pro tip, the IRS is the largest growth aspect in Federal Government and things like airplanes and boats are the first direction they go when looking for tax revenue. This is an invitation for them to start digging into your financial situation, not a place I want to be.
  4. @tedgarcia [6 likes]: And never sell the plane - or you pay recapture.  What the IRS gives, they also take away.
  5. @thecommercialpilot [3 likes]: What about the flight department trap? If your entity’s sole purpose is operating the aircraft it’s a part 135 op.
  6. @bobsides59 [2 likes]: #LifeStyleAviation John, I am a Tax Advisor of 45 years, and you are absolutely right. Currently, that is because the tax law changes all the time. Since 47 signed the BBB we get the 100% depreciation back as long as it was placed in service AFTER January 19, 2025. If you have any questions, I'm always ready and available to assist and show you how we structure the deals, John lays out. That is if you don't use him.
  7. @arnaldoleon1 [2 likes]: Well... considering that the IRS is getting gutted and tax avoidance is now legal in the US... why not?
  8. @amgguy4319 [2 likes]: The wealthy always create these loopholes.  I still remember when Horses could be depreciated - so Kenny Rogers, Arman Hammer, Wayne Newton all jumped into the Arabian Horse world.  Certain stallions were worth $10M and above.  Then they were depreciated over like 5 years - although they lived 25 years.  Breeding generated millions and millions.  Then poof - Tax Law changed.
  9. @gingrichboys [2 likes]: Tax Trade-In Help : I'm purchasing a new plane and sell my old plane privately. Can I do a "trade-in" sale to save the difference on Pennsylvania Sale tax? The Dealer is selling me the plane w/o tax collect, so it is a "fly-away" state. Its then up to me to register and pay the tax in PA. How do I save the difference? Who can help? My accountant is clueless.
  10. @brucebaer1006 [1 likes]: IRS to Lifestyle Aviation: I’m going to audit you, your business, and anybody affiliated with you, and anybody you’ve ever sold an airplane to, or managed for them.
Lifestyle Aviation: Do I still get my 10% reward for turning in folks that have cheated on their taxes?
  11. @emeraldkind: My grand father told me, “A penny saved is a penny earned.” I didn’t understand taxes at 6 years old. When I was 15 years old and got my first job, my dad repeated that same statement to me. I told him a penny saved is better than a penny earned because you don’t have to pay tax on it.” In this case, as with other business purchases, you can make it even better by enjoying your asset and having someone else pay for it while getting tax deductions.
  12. @jmwhambone6223: Somebody is talking out of their rear-end to sell aircraft.  So many tax gotchas were left out of this that the info given is  misleading.
  13. @tylerc4229: Too bad general aviation is being priced out of existence
  14. @Spiritual_eden: Great stuff. If I may ask though, is this plan airtight because I recently started doing some research on this topic an I have to say I feel like not all loopholes have been covered by this video. There are a few things that did not come up in the video that I may have seen as I was skimming through a page on TsunamiAir.
  15. @jeandedieu3859: Is this also applicable in Canada
  16. @JasonLoyd82: I would absolutely love to have that opportunity. I am so interested and excited to believe that a dream is possible.
  17. @allanloiselle7290: Warning to Canadian viewers.  This guy is talking about American taxes.  They are not the same as Canadian tax legislation.   If you are a Canadian using your personal aircraft in your business, consult a qualified Canadian Tax Accountant with aviation experience.
  18. @SE7ENAC: Great video
  I will reach soon.
  19. @mukhiddintashpulatov8865: 👍
  20. @LJDRVR: What a bunch of vague, wishful thinking salespeak. Folks? Don't attempt this without professional help from an attorney or accountant with extensive experience with not just the statutory environment, but the case law associated with IRS enforcement of this part of the CFR.

- How to Become a Corporate Contract Pilot - Even if you don't have thousands of hours: Kind: captions Language: en hey David thank you so much for responding to my requests to interview you I think that my audience of career 2.0 Pilots are going to be super interested as am [Music] I so let's just start off with just a quick little bit age when you got your ratings how many hours you got let's start there because and then I'll ask some more so I'm a 54 yearold retired CEO had been owned a couple companies was an electrical engineer for a little while and then figured out all the sales people were making all the money and having fun and along the way I started acquiring ratings so about 30 years ago I got a private pilot's license ended up with a commercial an instrument a multi bunch of other things I'm a ratings collector so I've got a single engine land andca multi-engine land andc a balloon commercial helicopter I'm working on a couple others wow indeed you are ratings junkie good for you so your story is very similar to mine we're almost exactly the same age we were both CEOs for a long time we both got our private pilot license back in our 20s I started collecting ratings really just about 6 months ago were you on pause for a while or did you kind of fly a little bit all over the last 30 years so I I was on pause for a couple years just four or five while I just didn't have time to fly very much but I've held the ratings for a long time I've had my CFI for 25 years something like that I've owned an arrow for about 20 years and I did took a couple years where I just didn't fly it at all and then kind of got uh after retiring and selling the second company got uh interested in just having some fun with the flying again and started back at at it and I can relate to that so how many hours did you have at that moment in time probably about 850 somewhere around there so not a ton okay tell us how many hours do you have now and what's your job now so I'm a contract pilot I'm sitting on somewhere around 1300 hours and obviously like everybody else working towards that 1500 magic number and I do contract work on uh citations so I'm typed on the the ce500 525 and 56 XL okay I want to go down that rabbit hole someone like me for example is like well how do you do that how do you get from here to there so you are at 800 hours if I heard correctly or remember correctly how did you go about getting like you know you're flying what seem to be pretty decent jets that go fast you're not at500 hours so how do you even begin to get that type of work I found a small 135 operation that was looking for an sic and they posted it on Facebook and I went wait I've got those hours and it was pretty minimal I think they were looking for 750 hours multi-engine rating instrument rating and the things that you would need to go along with that and then I shot him a resume didn't hear anything for months and then all of a sudden out of the blue I got a phone call that said hey we're really looking for an sic would you be interested in this and I said absolutely I'm not typed they said well that's not a problem we can help you with that and I ended up splitting the cost of the typew rating with them which was a great investment in myself and a lot of people will say don't pay for your own training but that's another interesting conversation that we should probably pick up later I split the cost of an sic typ rating for the c500 and started flying how much does one of those cost the the type rating type rating on a 500 is somewhere depends on where you go and what you're doing can be anywhere from 5,000 to 15,000 if you're doing it at one of the big box schools okay so your half is 2500 to 7500 bucks which is for most of us career 2.0 guys it's not an insurmountable amount of cash so you did that you started flying are they based in and around where you live or do you have to commute they were based in Chicago and I was in Chicago at the time and I still am part-time I have a second house in Florida and bounce around just started flying with those guys and we weren't doing any 135 operations because I wasn't ready for that and I wasn't uh you know didn't have the hour and all the other other things that I needed and so we just started flying 91 operations and I started picking up hours and learning how to fly the jet and getting comfortable with it and about how many hours on this particular job that we're talking about now about how many hours a week or a month were you getting uh about 20 somewhere around there 20 a month 20 a month okay it's not a huge amount of hours but still turban time good quality hours good quality hours um it was a lot of overnight stuff so it would be flying the owner someplace go stay four or five days and then come back so you'd get two or three hours going down you know stay for four or five days and then two or three hours coming back in the plane so you got to be comfortable to be gone a little bit Yeah and were they paying you stien or anything at all during the four or five days that you were just hanging around yeah same day rate as flying or not flying okay so that actually is a beautiful segue to my next question so in the airline world everybody thinks about you know dollars per hour because you're maybe you're a line holder what have you but in the corpor in what you're doing it's all a day rate if I understand that can you explain what that is and and if you want to speak to in like kind of the range that someone would expect when they had that many hours and then how that shifted over time as you've built your time so yeah people um have to get their head around the idea of a day rate so I have done contract work as a consultant before and so the concept wasn't new to me it was it was very comfortable and and uh you know things I had done in the past and so basically they're paying you the same day rate to fly or sit at the airport or sit at the hotel it doesn't matter you're getting the same rate and the rates obviously vary based on your experience and the type of planes that you're flying so everybody asks what you know what is the rates that you're looking at and it just varies on the operation and and type of flying you're doing okay so on the low end are we talking under a th000 a day and on the high end I've heard day rates of3 to $4,000 for captains of of some of the faster corporate Jets yeah I'm speaking particularly from the SIC role because that's what I'm still flying and I enjoy it and I actually at the moment in my career I don't want any more responsibility than that perfectly comfortable to do it I'm I'm typed pic but I don't want it I'm not needing the ego stroke that you know being a pic is on on the Jets I'm just enjoying it and having fun so the rates yeah well as an sic will vary anywhere from 500 to, 1500 a day depending on what you're flying and where you're you're going obviously International starts to get a bit more um lucrative the day rates for the smaller light jets are are obviously on the lower side when you move up to a mid-cabin midsize jet cabin class something bigger than that you're going to get a bunch more money so you mentioned to me in our messenger communication that you weren't having any problems at all getting contract work so we've thus far in this interview talked about your very first gig which is now history so bring us up to speed on so what what happened you flew for those guys for a while or maybe you still do I still do how did your career evolve and how are you getting the extra work and the extra typew ratings and what impact on your day rate that that have so this is the funny part about this I I listen to and see the posts of lots of Pilots that are just begging for work they can't find it they and I can't I can't really fathom that because I've got as much work as I possibly could want and what is different about it is I treat it like a CEO and I think about it like a CEO and I think about it like a small business which is what I do I buil through my Corporation so it runs like a corporation but I invested in myself so I picked up two more type ratings on my own dime and then made myself more valuable I fly with an a second 135 operation and I am typed on every single airplane they have and they can't they don't have another pilot in the whole organization that can fly anything they have so it makes me more valuable but I invested in that and I paid attention to the typew ratings that people want and the contract work that's out there and so I did my homework and I invested in myself and am able to find the roles that I need but then I also seek them out when I see postings even if I don't have the hours I send a note and over time I've built up a pretty good database of people that are looking for Pilots with the ratings that I have and out of the blue one day uh somebody will send me a note are you available for this trip and sometimes I take it and sometimes I don't I'm getting a lot of repeat customers I'll bet well because people like to do business with people that they are familiar with they know they like they trust it's a it's a repeat business game do you have a a website for your corporation of one I do it's uh presum nothing.com okay and that's that's got your pilot bio on it and your experience and your typew ratings it's your online business card basically it is a little bit and then I've got a second business that I've spun up that's relevant to your second career called Encore life.com and this is interesting because I'm finding a lot of people that are in the same uh position that you and I have they've sold their company and they don't know what they want to do whether they be Pilots or not they want to sell their company they are selling their company they sold their company and they don't know what to do next I'm finding so many people at 65 years old that don't want to play golf for the rest of their life and my coaching with those guys and through Oncor life.com is actually helping them figure out what they want to do next and it's been a lot of fun I get to help people figure out how they can enjoy the rest of their life it's been a blast that's cool I really like that and and the thing that you're describing for people who aren't entrepreneurs or maybe haven't sold a business they don't really understand what it's like they think oh you know you sell a business you get a big bag of cash and and life's just great and you just go on and you do whatever you want to do well the thing is is it took a personality type that was really driven and very typ a to get to that point and we are not the type of people that literally just want to sit on the porch every day that is correct I've sold two companies been very successful doing that and I'm also a scuba instructor after I sold the first company I decided I was going to teach scuba for the rest of my life and that lasted about 18 months and then I couldn't stand it anymore I had to do something a bit more exciting than that it was a lot of fun but I went and bought a second company fair enough all right so now you're in a position where you've got all the work you want so you could work literally five days a week if you wanted to more than that I have a schedule in November where I'm turning down opportunities I it's so busy I can't I can't I want to take some time off yeah and your day right now is probably over $1,000 doll all the time I'm guessing it is that's a pretty good low stress turn it off when you're not their retirement gig and that was something that I don't know if I've spoken to this Direct in my videos in the past but that had a huge impact on my decision to do this pilot gig at the age that we're at because I thought man if I don't want to fly for the airlines I can just as long as I can hang on to a medical and as long as I do what you've literally just described and treat like a business and network and give my customers good service and invest in myself and make sure I have the right tools man that's a nice annuity to have for quite a few years I had the the woman that did my medical she says TR I have guys who are in their mid 70s and they're still flying they're still corporate pilots and they're they're out there making you know at that point if you're if you're doing the captain the left seat on a little bigger jet three 4,000 bucks a day you work six seven days a month that's a pretty good retirement pension as far as I'm concerned I fly with the owner of uh 135 and he's he's pushing 75 and so he's able to do it he keeps a good you know First Class Medical and he's a blast to fly with got great experience and I'm learning a lot from him yeah bit all right so let's put a bow on this conversation unless there's anything that I have haven't touched on yet but the my my kind of closing question is you mentioned earlier you know like everybody you're on the race to 1500 hours given that you've got what appears to be a pretty darn good thing going already why is 1500 hours significant for you and what changes do you think you might make if any once you get there this one's pure ego and this comes from the entrepreneur side of the world I want that ATP license I'm now uh have the hours for an ATP helicopter so I'm just finishing that rating up I'll probably have that done by the end of the year and then I've got a a Sprint to the 1500 for the ATP multi and I'll probably have that done in about eight you know eight or nine months maybe even less than that I'm flying so much it's probably about six months away and that one's just pure ego and the enjoyment of I really have mastered the craft okay so it's not necessarily like you want to go to the airl L I'm guessing the gig you have now sounds better to be honest with you you control your own schedule you determine who you're going to work for when you're G to work what you're G to fly and you're getting paid pretty darn well to do it that is correct and some of it I'm doing not even for the money and you may want to edit this out but I'm doing it because I just love it um I'm doing metac stuff and flying organ transplant stuff and I would honestly do it for free because I like helping people and then I also have a gig flying helicopter tours and I just love flying the helicopter that pays less than a barista makes so that's not a good gig but it's so much fun and you're taking people on helicopter tours and we always say there's nobody that's getting on the helicopter tour that's in a bad mood they're excited to go see whatever it is you're showing I I do tours in Chicago and I do tours in Florida as well I'm really glad that you added that because while what made my Chanel initially successful was this headline of my plan to make six figures as an airline pilot uh within 18 months and and and don't get me wrong I like making money but if we were really interested in just making money we'd go be CEOs and buy more companies and build them and work our asses off and sell them again that's the way to make buckets of money so the thing that I'm hoping that people will take away from this is yes you can still make quite a good living doing this but it's also a pretty darn fun job to go fly multi-million doll aircraft you know yesterday morning I went flying with a guy who's 33 he makes an insane amount of money and we're up there flying in his Cirus SR22 and it was a great way to spend the morning so I didn't mind that I didn't make any money at all because I had a really great time and I hope that people who are considering this as a career 2.0 factor that into their decision making I'll I'll add one or two other components to that that you may want to think about Your Role I still do fractional CEO work with my company so I'll fly passengers tomorrow to uh New York and then we have a six-h hour layover I'll take CEO conference calls that I'm doing the fractional CEO work for and then we'll get back in the plane and fly home I'm double dipping yeah absolutely so I'm going to ask you about that more off of camera because I don't know that my audience is going to be too terribly interested in that portion of the conversation so I want to do want to thank you very much uh for making some time we we literally just guys so you know we got connected on messenger like a half hour ago and he was available right now and I was available right now because my plane's down for maintenance today so we wanted to jump right on this and get this interview recorded so again thank you so much for making the time if anyone wants to reach out to you just say your website one more time presum nothing.com all right thank you very much it's been pleasure to have you here on the fly with Trent Channel thanks a lot

  Top Comments:
  1. @KittyKat-1390 [6 likes]: Man! I'm 34 and a Project Manager in the US, Earn $100k per year, thought I was too old to start training as a pilot (i have absolutely no flying experience) but after watching this video, its made me realise I still have time. I would love to be a corporate pilot!
  2. @maketherapture [2 likes]: I wish it wasn't so expensive to get a pilots license i want to fly
  3. @jamesguido9877 [1 likes]: So this is quite interesting video and I thank you guys for answering so many questions. I'm not 65 I'm 78 and healthy. I'm wondering if that's too old or could pull this off. Do you think that this SBA or small business administrator can help with financing. How long do you think it will take since I am currently holding the private pilot certificate, single engine land? Thank you!
  4. @markgoodley2450 [1 likes]: Nice.TY.. is there an online board to hire pilots?  He mentioned Facebook?
  5. @theccieguy: I would love to see an updated video on this.
  6. @lhrp102: The positive energy and attitude you guys radiate is super inspiring and motivating!  Great interview!
  7. @NoahJordan37: Wow this video might save me a lot of time, thank you so much for taking the time to make good content
  8. @don-jp2rs: I didn't know that you were a CEO before. Any videos one how to become a CEO :)
  9. @MontCoRealtor: Appreciate the sentiment, but his story and part is not indicative of what literally 99% of pilots will experience. An ultra wealthy, former CEO, who can afford to buy and pay for whatever he needs is absolutely NOT what the test of us can reproduce. The oddity of hun having too much work while every pilot struggles and starves just goes to show how unrealistic his path actually is.
  10. @GWAYGWAY1: You must find it easy in the US,  in UK I worked my hours up slowly to allow my commercial licence at 700. I did the training and got my licence  and when I got my frozen ATP and shortly after getting my licence they stopped my medical and it all stopped, I was deemed a danger at 42 but now at  76 I am still here and not to bad as I can be but it all stopped at that point and had to wait many many years until they changed the rule for a sport licence and was able to fly again. I scream when I look at how much money I wasted doing the licences.
  11. @Mike-cj3dc: Sounds interesting.  You don’t need to have a big ego to be a Captain.  All you have to do to be a good Captain is to be competent, and a good communicator.  That’s it, easy peasy!
  12. @sameerpuranik9144: 😂😂😂 All are contracts by default 😊
  13. @marcusburke8498: Wow. Talk about watching an encouraging video. Trent thank you so much. I am 63 years old and hearing your guest talking about having starting out flying as a contract corporate pilot with only 850 hours was jaw-dropping to me. It's also encouraging to hear that there is a lot of contract work out there
  14. @IveBeenThinkingAnd: Absolutely excellent interview, thank you!
  15. @philmagill6171: Just stumbled on your video! Love it, and your guest seems like someone I’d love being friends with! lol. I’m 43, about a 2yr 400hr private, CEO, with aspirations to do contract in the coming few years. Currently have an SR20, but am constantly drooling over the SF50. I would love to move into one in the coming few years, after getting type, and then contract out of it. BUT, as I’ve recently found out, that would make me need to be 135. I’m just learning all of these ins and outs, but would love to connect with someone living this life, and get some guidance. Is 135 the way to go? Any major pros/cons to contracting in the SF50? I have a desire to do simple missions to the Keys (currently out of KPGD in FL), or similar. And just like your guest, I love helping others, so I also have a heart to do Kingdom missions, helping others in any capacity that I can. Any input/communications would be super appreciated!!
  16. @kacybruce4379: CEO double dipping!?!? I’m interested in that topic. Currently own a contracting business that I use my ppl for. I would love to develop another source of income or even a new career in flying. I feel like info regarding how this gentleman structured his ceo gig would be of interest!
  17. @simo-dv5xk: I'm really curious, the G700 is brand new so there won't be many of them flying around. Would you have a rough idea on the daily pay rate of SIC/PIC contract rates? For reference G4/G5 daily pay rates are around $2K.
  18. @Derpmaster10: I am definitely interested in that conversation at the end :(
  19. @CapLERR-iy8eu: Any websites you might recommend to find contract flights?
  20. @chrisbuchanan9225: Thanks!

- What Is Codeshare Flight? | Advantages Of Code sharing flight #codeshare: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello, I am the CMD of the state. I welcome you all to this video series. Today, let's talk about code share flights. What are code share flights? Should I book one? What are its advantages? And most importantly, I will also share a live example with you. Let's see what code share flights are. Code share flights mean a mutual agreement between two airlines. Let's take an example, if a flight is flying from London to Mumbai and if one of their airlines has to go to Nagpur, that is, from London to Nagpur, so if it is a British Airways flight, then what will British Airways do? They will say that I don't go to Nagpur, but I go to Mumbai. So, the client will come to Preeti city first and then after Mumbai, the client could have taken another flight if he has to go to Nagpur, but how will this happen? British Airways will say that I will book a flight from Mumbai to Nagpur for you. And that flight will be of Indigo or another Indian airline or any local airline. This means that British Airways has made an agreement with another airline. A mutual agreement has been made, and that agreement is such that when my client lands in Mumbai, whatever his baggage is, it will be directly transferred to the next flight, and then he will fly from Mumbai to Nagpur on the next flight. Now, this means that British Airways itself will arrange for the next flight, for example, if they have an agreement with India, then British Airways will also start the ticket for the next flight, and that ticket will also be shown in the PNR on the British Airways website. Now, let's see what is the advantage of the code share. First of all, when he lands in Mumbai, the most important point for him is that his luggage is automatically transferred. I am giving this example because this issue arises many times. For example, if a British Airways flight is late in landing in Mumbai, then the next flight will fly, which is the flight to Nagpur. However, if the British Airways flight is late, then it is their responsibility because they have booked that code share flight. While booking, they told us that they had booked your flight directly from Nagpur to Nagpur, but there would be a Nikki in it, that the Mumbai to Nagpur flight is operated by India, so after landing in Mumbai, we came to know that you need to run around for your luggage, so there is no need for all this because your baggage is auto-transferred, so you can easily board the next flight. Next, your mail plane which you took on the British Airways flight, the same mail plane continues in the next flight as well, which means you will be provided mail in that too. Now why do airlines do this because airlines do not have their own customer corner. For example, if an airline says that I am planning to fly there, Mumbai to Nagpur, I do not have a flight, but my partner agreement with which I have done with another airline is flying, so they also issue that ticket and you can fly easily. If you do not have clearance yet, then a flight ticket is showing on your screen. Look carefully, this is a flight ticket to Georgia or Bombay. Look at this, this is a Qatar Airways flight from Georgia to Mumbai. This is a Qatar Airways flight. The flight ticket that you are seeing is of Qatar Airways. So, it is not clearly mentioned in it that it is flying from Georgia to Bombay, but it is flying to Doha. Now, when this flight is flying, its plus point is that Qatar Airways flies to Georgia to Doha, but the flight from Doha to Bombay is of Indigo Airlines. See, this is called a code sharing flight. It is written here that this ticket is of Qatar Airways. This means that the ticket has been issued by Qatar and not revised. They have also issued the Indigo ticket. This does not mean that there is no Qatar flight from Doha to Mumbai. No, they will also have a flight, but it will not be on time. That is why they have made this agreement. Now, look, here we are seeing that Georgia is flying to Doha first. After landing in Doha, their baggage will be auto transferred to Indigo and they will fly back to Bombay from Indigo. This is called a code sharing flight. How will you identify whether your flight is code sharing or not? One of the most important points of code sharing flights is that the code is given in digits on the flight numbers. Look, the flight number you are seeing in Indigo has a four digit flight number, which means it is a code sharing flight. Now you must have understood how code sharing flights work, so you should definitely book a code sharing flight because your baggage is automatically transferred to you. Even if there is a flight delay, there is no issue, it is the airline's responsibility. And most importantly, think about it, if we had booked two different airlines, for example, if we had booked a flight from Georgia to Doha Qatar and a separate Doha to Bombay Indigo flight, and if the flight leaving from Georgia gets delayed in Doha, then your next Indigo flight is not going to stop for you if you have booked different flights, but since you have code shared, it is also Indigo's responsibility to get you to Bombay. Therefore, always book a flight. If you need this video information, then it is important to watch this video. Like and subscribe to our channel and if you want to book your next flight with the best deal, do contact us tomorrow and we will give you the best flight deals. Till then, thank you all.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sagartomar9360 [2 likes]: sir please ek video interline agreement par bhi bana dijiye 🙏🙏
  2. @basu_malay [1 likes]: Very helpful
  3. @RAJYASREE-x6z [1 likes]: Sir / maddam this is now the rarest rare vare is that the.  Flight ware is such the barebin of that the help to all thus the help is that is the.    Bus route is kept. But the care rare is that the.   Train route is not the sim at all thus the help is fast to look the light right dright is the care is thus thanks sir / maddam
  4. @shekharbendre358 [1 likes]: Thanks for this info….
  5. @DimpleBisht-ix3rg [1 likes]: 👏👍
  6. @VIJAYVINHERKAR-em6tm [1 likes]: Important information Thank you so much.
  7. @jagrit_guptaa [1 likes]: Very helpful thank you
  8. @rajatsingh1560: Flight no Soni flights ke differ honge?
  9. @rajatsingh1560: Nice information ❤
  10. @govindasfood7828: Will code share flight between Indigo and Qantas from Mumbai to Australia via Singapore require a prior transit visa?
  11. @yash08091: From my location in single booking it’s showing indigo operated by Virgin Atlantic flight to Delhi and then Virgin Atlantic to London. I wanna know:
1) Will I get boarding pass of Virgin Atlantic along with Indigo
2) Do I need to re check in luggage at Delhi Airport
  12. @sayantanimitra7109: What about boarding pass? Do we get all our boarding passes at the first check in?
  13. @aritradas308: I have booked a Qatar Airways flight from Delhi to Barcelona. After booking I came to know it is a code-sharing flight. Now I am worried about the facilities of my Delhi to Doha flight operated by Indigo. Qatar Airways provides blankets, amenity kits, meals, beverages, and many facilities on their flights. Will such facilities be available with Indigo too?
  14. @mjpankaj6059: Ese transit visa jaruri hota hai kya

- LLCs and Aircraft - Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi welcome to aviation lawn minute i'm greg reichel and today i want to talk to you about using a limited liability company or llc to own an airplane i'm frequently asked that question because folks have heard that limited liability com companies can provide liability protection to the owners and members of an llc and my first question back is who's going to be using the airplane if the owner or member is going to be using the airplane then the llc isn't going to provide any liability protection because the owner and member will be the operator of the airplane and under the law the owner or member then would have a liability regardless of whether the airplane is owned by an llc if however a third party is going to be using the airplane then the llc can provide protection to the individual or owner member when that third party is operating the airplane if you have questions or would like to uh discuss whether using an llc makes sense for your ownership or operation of the airplane please feel free to get a hold of me thanks for watching you

- Aircraft Maintenance Technician : Career Paths , Pay , Pros + Cons: Kind: captions Language: en Hi! I'm Jared, and welcome to SUU Aviation.&nbsp; Today we're going to talk about the job market&nbsp;&nbsp; for A&P technicians. Let's get started! So the&nbsp; first sector we're going to talk about today&nbsp;&nbsp; is Commercial Aviation. And Commercial&nbsp; Aviation is more of a long-term career goal,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there's some positives, and there's&nbsp; some negatives to Commercial Aviation.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you're looking for longevity, you want to&nbsp; work for a union, just a long-term solid job&nbsp;&nbsp; commercial aviation is what you need to seek&nbsp; out, and to go do, but there's some caveats&nbsp;&nbsp; to that. First of all, for commercial&nbsp; aviation you typically can't go directly&nbsp;&nbsp; to work for a major airline. You have to go to&nbsp; work for a regional airline for about three years.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right now, most regional airlines are offering&nbsp; jobs to brand new A&P Technicians straight out&nbsp;&nbsp; of school, with a three-year contract so that you&nbsp; could go get that time in, and at the end of your&nbsp;&nbsp; three years with the regional jets, you can move&nbsp; into the majors, such as Delta, American Airlines,&nbsp;&nbsp; and United. And those jobs have, right&nbsp; now, they are promoting very quickly,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're moving up in the ranks very quickly,&nbsp; so traditionally when it took a long time to&nbsp;&nbsp; move up in those positions, it's taking a&nbsp; lot less time now, and you get to make the&nbsp;&nbsp; the really good money a lot faster, and&nbsp; there is a lot of security that comes with&nbsp;&nbsp; commercial aviation. So right now it's taking a&nbsp; lot less time to move up in commercial aviation,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a lot of that has to do with attrition.&nbsp; A large amount of the population of current&nbsp;&nbsp; workforce is retiring. Most A&P technicians are&nbsp; over the age of 50 right now, and the airlines&nbsp;&nbsp; are needing to backfill those positions. So&nbsp; they are trying to move technicians up into&nbsp;&nbsp; supervisory roles, and senior roles, as quick as&nbsp; possible, and get these new technicians trained&nbsp;&nbsp; up as quickly as possible. When five years ago,&nbsp; there was a process that would take you five to&nbsp;&nbsp; ten years to get to a place now, where it's going&nbsp; to take you two to three years. So commercial&nbsp;&nbsp; aviation is going to give you your highest pay&nbsp; overall, and most likely your best benefits,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's because they bring you&nbsp; in at a fairly high wage right now.&nbsp;&nbsp; Anywhere between forty to sixty thousand&nbsp; dollars is going to be your starting wage,&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on who you work for, and where you go&nbsp; in the United States, as an airline, and as a hub.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, that will grow quickly. Right now, the&nbsp; majority of technicians that work for places&nbsp;&nbsp; like United and American airlines make over a&nbsp; hundred thousand dollars a year, and moving up&nbsp;&nbsp; into people that specialize in inspection, and&nbsp; then have been there for a few additional years,&nbsp;&nbsp; and taking on supervisory roles. That pay range&nbsp; goes up and up and up, and there's a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; in these jobs right now, with places like&nbsp; Southwest Airlines that are making over 200,000&nbsp;&nbsp; a year in these senior level positions. A lot of&nbsp; them are unionized. Most airlines are unionized,&nbsp;&nbsp; and if that's not what you want to go work for,&nbsp; that's something to take into consideration. Also,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is seniority within the unions. So you have&nbsp; to work your way up the ranks. You may be able to&nbsp;&nbsp; work your way up the ranks quickly, but you still&nbsp; have ranks that you have to work your way up,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then there's all the pros and cons that come&nbsp; with working for a union. There's a lot of great&nbsp;&nbsp; things that come with working for a union. It just&nbsp; depends on what you want to do now. Your pros,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course, are the pay and your benefits, and a&nbsp; lot of times you and your family get to fly for&nbsp;&nbsp; free on that airline. There's a lot of bonuses&nbsp; that come with that, and a lot of things that&nbsp;&nbsp; are perks in those types of jobs. You get to work&nbsp; on massive aircraft. You get to learn various&nbsp;&nbsp; systems, various types of aircraft, and you become&nbsp; very marketable, very quickly within the airline&nbsp;&nbsp; industry. Another con with working for commercial&nbsp; airlines is a lot of times when you start off&nbsp;&nbsp; it's shift work, and it's a lot of night&nbsp; shift work, and that's something to be&nbsp;&nbsp; aware of as well. So your regional airlines&nbsp; are your stepping stone into your majors,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a lot of those regional airlines are going&nbsp; to give you your first job out of A&P School,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's companies such as Skywest, Piedmont,&nbsp; and Envoy. So when I started in aviation, I&nbsp;&nbsp; started in general aviation, and I started working&nbsp; for a very small outfit in a very small town,&nbsp;&nbsp; and kind of got my feet wet with general&nbsp; aviation. Then I moved into manufacturing.&nbsp;&nbsp; I worked for Boeing defense building&nbsp; Apache helicopters for a number of years,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then I moved into working a different&nbsp; side of general aviation which would be&nbsp;&nbsp; flight schools, and that's where you move into&nbsp; things like the helicopter side and you move into&nbsp;&nbsp; the fixed-wing side, and you get a lot of variety&nbsp; in a day. So my start was in general aviation,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I've worked myself through several different&nbsp; facets of aviation, but that's generally where&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of people start as well. So I began&nbsp; work with SUU's flight school as a mechanic,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then moved myself into the Director&nbsp; of Maintenance for several years,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's where I came to realize the need for&nbsp; technicians was growing greater and greater. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the type of training that they were getting in&nbsp; school really wasn't cutting it. So I moved over&nbsp;&nbsp; to Director of Aviation Maintenance Training,&nbsp; and developed the Part 147 school for SUU.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that we could train technicians, license those&nbsp; technicians, and bring them into the industry for&nbsp;&nbsp; ourselves, and for everybody else in the industry&nbsp; as well. SUU hosts a Part 147 training school,&nbsp;&nbsp; and what that is, it's an FAA certified school&nbsp; for training aircraft technicians. Our program is&nbsp;&nbsp; 18 months long, it's five semesters, and you end&nbsp; up with an Associate's Degree, and a Certificate&nbsp;&nbsp; to go work on aircraft. So another sector I&nbsp; want to talk about today is business aviation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Business Aviation is a great place to go if you&nbsp; like working for a smaller company or smaller&nbsp;&nbsp; town, smaller community. A lot of large business&nbsp; aviation places exist, not necessarily in the&nbsp;&nbsp; major cities, but more rural communities, and&nbsp; they're great jobs. They're lower pay typically,&nbsp;&nbsp; however you get better shift work. There's a&nbsp; lot better community around business aviation,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you still get to work on jets that fly&nbsp; all over the world. They're just smaller,&nbsp;&nbsp; and within that, you also get to do a lot more&nbsp; in a day. You'll touch a lot more systems, you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; learn a lot more different variations of aircraft,&nbsp; and you'll do everything from sheet metal repairs&nbsp;&nbsp; to hydraulic repairs all in one day. So some of&nbsp; the cons associated with business aviation that&nbsp;&nbsp; you would find if you're looking to go to work&nbsp; for a union; you really won't find those in most&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller business aviation groups. They're also not&nbsp; going to have the best benefits for the most part,&nbsp;&nbsp; as compared to a commercial aviation outfit&nbsp; such as Delta which is a much larger company,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just the nature of working for a smaller&nbsp; company. So with business aviation also your&nbsp;&nbsp; work life balance is a little bit easier to manage&nbsp; because of the types of shift that you're working,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the way that those companies are, a lot of&nbsp; those companies are put together; they're more&nbsp;&nbsp; family oriented. They're more community oriented,&nbsp; and they are typically in smaller communities.&nbsp;&nbsp; So another big benefit of working with business&nbsp; aviation is they will typically hire you directly&nbsp;&nbsp; out of A&P school with no requirement that you&nbsp; would have in commercial aviation to go work&nbsp;&nbsp; for a regional airline first. Most companies will&nbsp; take you fresh out of school with a brand new A&P&nbsp;&nbsp; ticket, and a lot of schools right, or a lot of&nbsp; businesses right now are offering benefits to&nbsp;&nbsp; help pay for school. Commercial Aviation is doing&nbsp; the same, but business aviation is also doing that&nbsp;&nbsp; where they will offer scholarships, and they will&nbsp; offer to help pay for your testing, and different&nbsp;&nbsp; things depending on what company you would like to&nbsp; go to work for. Some of the big business aviation&nbsp;&nbsp; companies that are looking for mechanics right&nbsp; now, that will hire you directly out of school,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that will help you pay for school, and things&nbsp; like that is going to be; Constant aviation,&nbsp;&nbsp; Duncan Aviation, and Cutter. So SUU's AMT&nbsp; (aircraft maintenance technician) school&nbsp;&nbsp; teaches helicopter training, and we do&nbsp; this because we love helicopters here,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there isn't another school in the country&nbsp; that is specific to training helicopters. We do&nbsp;&nbsp; train airplanes as well, but we emphasize&nbsp; a lot of our time, and energy on rotor,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that's because the Rotor Industry needs&nbsp; technicians just as bad as everybody else does,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the Rotor Industry supports some very&nbsp; specific things that are important to everybody.&nbsp;&nbsp; Where your Commercial Aviation supports things&nbsp; like delivering packages, and people all over the&nbsp;&nbsp; world, well Helicopter Aviation has very important&nbsp; functions. For instance, Emergency Medical&nbsp;&nbsp; is one thing that is a very important&nbsp; piece of what helicopters do every day.&nbsp;&nbsp; They transport sick people to hospitals, and back.&nbsp; They need technicians to work on those aircraft.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now helicopter companies are typically smaller,&nbsp; and they're usually rurally located. However&nbsp;&nbsp; they offer really good pay considering the size&nbsp; of the company, and their schedules and their&nbsp;&nbsp; shifts are typically amazing. A lot of companies&nbsp; do seven days on, seven days off, or 14 days on,&nbsp;&nbsp; and 14 days off. You basically work half&nbsp; a month, and get paid for the full month,&nbsp;&nbsp; and right now Helicopter Companies were&nbsp; traditionally requiring you to have several&nbsp;&nbsp; years of rotor experience before you come to&nbsp; work for them. That's starting to shift. A lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of companies are now starting to look at hiring&nbsp; people directly out of A&P school and into the&nbsp;&nbsp; Rotor Industry. That has traditionally not been&nbsp; heard of before. Some sectors of helicopter as&nbsp;&nbsp; well that offer some really awesome things that&nbsp; you can do is contract work, seasonal work, tours.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can work anywhere in the world that you&nbsp; want to work, and there's a lot of different&nbsp;&nbsp; specialties within Helicopter. You can also work&nbsp; for Electrical Companies running the electrical&nbsp;&nbsp; lines, and things like that. Every single&nbsp; helicopter that operates in every single mission&nbsp;&nbsp; needs a technician to repair it, and that's&nbsp; where these jobs come in. Where you can go&nbsp;&nbsp; to work in Alaska, and you can go to work&nbsp; in South Africa, and you can go to work&nbsp;&nbsp; anywhere a helicopter is flying. You can go do&nbsp; that work, and a lot of people like the idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; the flexibility, and the mobility of being&nbsp; able to do seasonal work, and contract work,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is very unique to the rotor industry. So&nbsp; much like Business Aviation, Helicopter Aviation&nbsp;&nbsp; is sometimes lacking on the benefits, because&nbsp; a lot of it is seasonal work, or contract work,&nbsp;&nbsp; or remote. However the pay is typically really&nbsp; really good, and the culture is as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most people that go to work for a company&nbsp; typically really enjoy working for that company.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because they're small, you get to know everybody,&nbsp; it's a very family oriented type of culture that&nbsp;&nbsp; you get with a lot of rotor operators. However a&nbsp; lot of Helicopter Operators still don't do direct&nbsp;&nbsp; hire from A&P school, but they're starting to get&nbsp; there. A lot of companies are starting to do that.&nbsp;&nbsp; Our school offers an entire course built&nbsp; within the curriculum specifically to teach&nbsp;&nbsp; you about helicopter specific systems,&nbsp; on helicopters, how they operate,&nbsp;&nbsp; and track and balance, for those helicopters as&nbsp; well, and these skills help make our students&nbsp;&nbsp; marketable to the rotor industry as well. So some&nbsp; of the major operators right now in the rotor&nbsp;&nbsp; industry that are really looking for technicians&nbsp; that need them right now is PHI helicopters,&nbsp;&nbsp; Classic Aviation, and Reach Air Medical services,&nbsp; as well. You have large companies like Bristow,&nbsp;&nbsp; and these companies are always looking for&nbsp; technicians, and a lot of them are coming in&nbsp;&nbsp; and being willing to help pay for school, and&nbsp; having those conversations about that job market&nbsp;&nbsp; is very important if that's the direction you want&nbsp; to go, because a lot of these companies will step&nbsp;&nbsp; in. They will help you pay for school, and they&nbsp; will help you pay for your testing so that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can get your certificate, and go to work for them.&nbsp; The third sector I'd like to talk about today is&nbsp;&nbsp; general aviation. General aviation is a very broad&nbsp; sector of aviation. It includes flight schools,&nbsp;&nbsp; mom and pop shops, and it also includes&nbsp; entrepreneurship, where once you have an&nbsp;&nbsp; A&P license, you can actually go out, and start&nbsp; your own business repairing aircraft on your own&nbsp;&nbsp; once you have a little bit of experience,&nbsp; and you've worked on a few aircraft.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can take that, and develop your own business.&nbsp; You can develop your own repair station.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can develop your own service center. There&nbsp; are so many different avenues, especially in the&nbsp;&nbsp; entrepreneurship side for general aviation,&nbsp; but a lot of general aviation you'll find is&nbsp;&nbsp; what we would call mom-and-pop shops, very small&nbsp; places on small airports, very small companies,&nbsp;&nbsp; that typically your pay is not going to be&nbsp; anywhere close to a commercial aviation outfit.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, your work life balance is going to be&nbsp; amazing. You'll work a standard eight-hour shift,&nbsp;&nbsp; go home at night every day, live in the&nbsp; same community, do the same thing every day,&nbsp;&nbsp; work on the same style of aircraft, and if that's&nbsp; what interests you then general aviation is your&nbsp;&nbsp; best avenue to to go down. Most of these shops&nbsp; aren't going to help you pay for school or your&nbsp;&nbsp; testing or things like that, but if if you're&nbsp; looking for very rural community, and very slow&nbsp;&nbsp; paced type of job. General Aviation is great for&nbsp; you. Now another sector within General Aviation&nbsp;&nbsp; that we have here at SUU is going to be flight&nbsp; school maintenance, and flight school maintenance&nbsp;&nbsp; is very different. You do get paid more, it's&nbsp; very high paced, and you work on a variety of&nbsp;&nbsp; different aircraft, whether that be helicopter,&nbsp; fixed-wing, multi-engine, things like that, and&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a lot of variety working in flight schools&nbsp; as well, and that requires the A&P certificate,&nbsp;&nbsp; but most schools like flight schools aren't going&nbsp; to come in, and help you pay for your school like&nbsp;&nbsp; commercial aviation or business aviation would. So&nbsp; the one great thing about coming to an A&P school,&nbsp;&nbsp; and getting your certificate is that there's&nbsp; a large push right now to bring women into&nbsp;&nbsp; these job markets. We just don't have a lot&nbsp; of women that are technicians right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're trying to change that. Women In Aviation&nbsp; (W.I.A) has a lot of scholarships, and programs&nbsp;&nbsp; to bring women into these types of job fields,&nbsp; and also to educate women on how great of a&nbsp;&nbsp; career this could be, where it's typically&nbsp; been in the past a male dominated field.&nbsp;&nbsp; We would like to see that become more of a 50-50.&nbsp; Women make great aircraft technicians. So some&nbsp;&nbsp; misconceptions that women might have about coming&nbsp; to work as an aircraft technician is that you you&nbsp;&nbsp; need big muscles, and you need to be able to turn&nbsp; big wrenches, or it's just a dirty job, and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; not the case anymore. Most aircraft places are&nbsp; very very highly clean. They're very organized,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they need people that have attention to&nbsp; detail, that are organized, that can look at a&nbsp;&nbsp; system, and understand it, and a lot of aircraft&nbsp; maintenance is that. It's understanding how&nbsp;&nbsp; systems relate to other systems, and how to repair&nbsp; those systems. We look for brains over brawn.&nbsp;&nbsp; We can lift engines with cranes, we don't have&nbsp; to do it by hand. We need people that have very&nbsp;&nbsp; tuned attention to detail, and understanding&nbsp; systems, and how those systems are organized.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's it for this video. If you have any&nbsp; questions and you like this video leave a&nbsp;&nbsp; comment down below, smash that like button, share&nbsp; it with your friends, subscribe to our channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're not already subscribed hit the&nbsp; notification bell, so that you can stay up to date&nbsp;&nbsp; every time we upload new content and as always&nbsp; never quit never give up and fly it to the end.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JersyJoe [29 likes]: I graduated and got my a&p this year. I got a job restoring WWII aircraft and I love it. It's the only job I've ever had that I don't dread driving in to work in the morning.
  2. @SigurdB. [14 likes]: As someone who is currently becoming dissatisfied in a "dead end" position in intermodal logistics is contemplating making a career shift into Aviation Maintenance, I found this video to be informative, pragmatic, and comprehensive in it's presentation. Thank you.
  3. @VFL210 [4 likes]: Majors are 100% hiring out of school. And we’re when this was made lol
  4. @alonzofrazier1560 [3 likes]: I start aviation school soon. Im even more excited after watching this video.
  5. @clydecalamity6520 [2 likes]: What's the general crossover from being a Blackhawk/Chinook/Apache helicopter tech in the Army to retiring out? Im gunning to lock down one of those MOSs. Minus the A&P and several hundred hours in the books, what else would I need to expect transitioning back to civilian work quickly? Thanks for your time.
  6. @mikem2022 [2 likes]: $40k-$60k starting? Idk where he’s getting these bullshit numbers delta start at like $43/hr
  7. @TheRosserFamilyDad [2 likes]: Great content
  8. @zaza_magenaymdai [1 likes]: Im studying on a second course of Moscow State Technical University of Civil Aviation, my future specialisation is “Radio and electronic equipment of aircrafts and airport’s technical maintenance engineer”. Is that possible to be an engineer in USA with this specialisation and with a Russian diploma if in start I will get an maintenance experience in my country like a Russian engineer, and after this go to United States, or even with this experience I need to go to Aviation technician school for a first study, get it, working, and after this go to second study to be an American engineer?
  9. @aydenwebb7335 [1 likes]: I’m currently going through a part 147 school. I am closing in on airframe and about to take my first two written tests. I am just curious, what is the process of applying to regionals once you get that A&P?
  10. @Boofedit [1 likes]: Schools are a scam! There targeting at stoner kids with no options. 

If you want to work in the field, show up at a hanger and pick up a wrench. It’s that easy.
  11. @carlosmunoz7934 [1 likes]: You could go right to the mayor  airlines
  12. @jacobseraphin685 [1 likes]: Hope all goes well with me.
  13. @zacklarson2918 [1 likes]: I'm not sure if you're still answering questions on this video, but out of curiosity, do foreign airlines hire American A&P in the United States? For instance, if a Lufthansa plane needs fixing in New York who handles it? Their partner airline?
  14. @daniellintern3227 [1 likes]: Great video !! Watching from Far North NZ.
  15. @anno2433: Going back to school for 40k a year ($20 a hour) doesn’t seem worth it since I make $24 a hour driving a forklift
  16. @donfreeman9938: How about the crazy amount of  deadly chemicals you're exposed  too the hearing loss from not only noise but jet fuel and the crazy amount of cancers mesothelioma  and diseases that so many get the back knee & joint problems 67% of a&p mechanics get is negligible compared to the diseases i wanted to get into this but its just far too scary from all the first hand account and statistics ive been reading nothing is worth your health whats your take on this?
  17. @DennisRobart: If you are lacking in size and overall acceptabe physical strength and also appear acceptably endowed with a natural male esthetic appearance,
  18. @rancosteel: The real con is that you will be working in a non-union, low-paying field with no monetary interest in the company and no pension. You will burn out.
  19. @bucasbill2592: Hi guys, I am 25 and have been working as an accountant for 3.5 year. I don’t like it, and make 58k a year in a medium cost of living area. I am going to try working at 2 different accounting jobs. If I don’t like them, I am thinking about becoming an aircraft mechanic. I would love to hear from people who are younger and have started working as an aircraft mechanic recently… Do you make decent money? How is the job? I love working on cars but frankly don’t know much about planes.
  20. @01xbprajyotakurde18: Can we pursue Masters degree In AME ?

- How to Monetize Your Aircraft Maintenance: Kind: captions Language: en so we look at monetizing maintenance and understanding the cost of ownership and the cost of the maintenance as relative to the cost of the airplane in a brand new airplane that costs fifty million dollars in warranty it's very insignificant becomes very significant in an older aircraft that's worth two million dollars five million dollars tremendous value in the airframe but you could have one to two million dollars in the next three to five years maintenance that's coming scheduled ooh so that's when we really want to understand it the best certainly engine programs or self-insuring on the engine overhaul will be the biggest component but regulatory compliance future upgrades enhancements to the airplane become extremely important when trying to understand how to monetize the maintenance and put that into the lifecycle cost if you looked at over a 15-year period the first five years of maintenance would be very flat the next five years would start to have a relatively shallow incline and then from 8 to 15 years it starts to get lumpy sorry that's not a very sophisticated term but it's exactly what happens so that's how we take a look at monetizing maintenance for aircraft [Music] you

- Aircraft Mechanic Hiring Partnerships at Epic Flight Academy: Kind: captions Language: en Becoming an aircraft mechanic can feel overwhelming. But Epic Flight Academy is here to help you land the job you're aiming for! Through professional partnerships with leading aviation companies, we provide hiring opportunities for our graduates. By joining Epic's Aircraft Mechanic Program, you'll be on a direct path to a rewarding career. In this video, we'll share more details about the agreements and partnerships Epic Flight Academy has with industry leaders and how they benefit those pursuing a career as an aircraft mechanic. Before we dive in, make sure you like this video and subscribe to Epic Flight Academy for more aviation content. Also, if you're interested in starting a career as an aircraft mechanic, visit epicflightacademy.com to see if you qualify to begin training. Epic Flight Academy works diligently to secure partnerships that help our graduates find aircraft mechanic jobs. As a result, we maintain agreements that provide our airframe and powerplant graduates with employment opportunities. While many mechanics seek roles with airlines like FedEx and UPS, other technical roles such as electricians also require similar skills. The training aircraft mechanics receive an electrical and mechanical fields opens many doors. While no one can guarantee a job, aircraft maintenance careers are proven to be reliable, and with the surge in air travel and space exploration, companies are eager to hire qualified techs. Companies nationwide are looking for FAA certified graduates from Epic. Building connections with these companies is the first step for many in securing interviews. Our partnership agreements include companies specifically seeking skilled aircraft mechanics. We value these partnerships and are proud that our graduates receive top priority. Here are a few of our partners that help pave the way for our students to succeed as aircraft mechanics. Aerotek is an industry leader in recruiting highly skilled staff for dream jobs serving the aerospace and defense sectors. Aerotek actively seeks qualified aircraft mechanics. The company has been recognized by an ever as best of staffing talent and named a National Top Workplace. American Aero Services specializes in the restoration and maintenance of iconic warbirds, military vehicles, armor, and missiles. Their a mechanics also perform annual inspections. We're pleased to partner with them through our Aircraft Mechanic program. AOG MX Maintenance in Daytona Beach provides routine aircraft maintenance including fabrication, engine overhaul, sheet metal repair, and more. They can even dispatch mechanics to off site locations and conduct pre-purchase inspections. Ascent Aviation Services is an FAA, EASA, and class four certified repair facility specializing in all aspects of aircraft maintenance, serving regional and long haul aircraft, they offer services such as heavy maintenance, flight line support, storage and more. Baker aviation Incorporated. Located in New Smyrna Beach specializes in Beechcraft maintenance and avionics services. We're proud to partner with this local company. Cape Air is a regional airline flying across the United States and the Caribbean, with partnerships with major airlines like American and United. Epic graduates will find numerous opportunities here. Commute Air operates as United Express and hires for various maintenance roles. Their flexible scheduling and career tracks make them an attractive employer GT Aero Accessories and FAA part 145 Repair Station in Naples, Florida specializes in aircraft accessories. With over 20 years of experience, they are a trusted partner for Epic graduates. We're also proud to partner with companies like Hop-A-Jet, Launch Technical, Workforce Solutions, March Aviation, Mountain Air Cargo, Pinnacle Aircraft Engines, Piper Aircraft, Ravn Alaska, Southern Airways Express, STS Aviation Group and many more. Epic itself also hires its own graduates as instructors and mechanics, ensuring they have the knowledge and skills to excel in their careers. Epic's hiring partners frequently visit campus for career fairs, offering students exclusive insights into hiring processes, salaries, and benefits. With a growing need for FAA trained app mechanics, these visits give our students an advantage in understanding what employers are looking for. For example, we have graduates who are working for Envoy Air PSA Airlines, Delta Airlines, Pratt & Whitney, SpaceX, Aloha Tech Ops, Piedmont Airlines, MAG Aerospace, Frontier Airlines, Spirit Airlines, Textron Aviation, United Airlines, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, Columbia Helicopter, Embraer, Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation and SkyWest Airlines to name a few. And that's how Epic Flight Academy helps you jumpstart your career as an aircraft mechanic! With our professional partnerships, you're not just receiving top notch training, you're gaining real opportunities to connect with industry leaders. Thanks for watching! If you're interested in beginning a career as an aircraft mechanic, to see if you qualify. Don't forget to like this video and subscribe to our YouTube channel for more aviation content from Epic Flight Academy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mdabubakarsiddik524: ❤Dream

- Marshall and Mountwest celebrate groundbreaking for joint aviation maintenance program: Kind: captions Language: en last fall we had the groundbreaking of marshall university's bill no flight school at yeager airport and today we have the parallel groundbreaking and ribbon cutting of our aviation maintenance technology program today is chapter two of marshall's aviation story and this chapter is going to educate and train people in aircraft maintenance it's going to attract aerospace companies to our region create jobs and significantly add to our region's economic development we could not be more excited about today we will enroll students provide financial aid opportunities lend student advising and academic support while working directly with marshall university on student success and program completion as dr gilbert mentioned it is a game changer in higher education and the opportunity to work together not only with marshall but with the the blessing of the chancellor in higher education in west virginia sets us apart in moving higher education forward you know what we're doing right here right now is we're embarking upon creating or putting west virginia on the map as a place where aviation related industries can grow absolutely embarking upon another horizon to where west virginia may not be first but it is another horizon for west virginia to step forward we are obviously pleased to invest in the creation of an aviation maintenance technical course of study here in the huntington area we are optimistic that this program will address a need for the region and will bring more trained credentialed professionals into the local workforce supporting growth in the aviation sector and across the regional economy the timing for this institution could not be better the industry demand is somewhere between half a million and a million people over the next 10 to 20 years the current throughput of our 147 schools that's the regulation that governs these governs these institutions is at about 65 percent of the capacity that will be needed instead of training our young people for jobs in charlotte in columbus and and nashville and atlanta and other places we're starting to train our young people for jobs that we can provide here in west virginia that's a wonderful thing and that's what i see happening here today we go to industry related conferences and we get in front of these businesses trying to recruit them to our area and the very first question they ask is where's the closest aviation maintenance program and you know we have to tell them well it's two to three hours away um you know we have fairmont we have some in cincinnati over in louisville and you know that that really deters them from from selecting us and so now i'm excited to go back and sit back in front of them and say hey we have one right here on this airfield and um i really think that that's going to be the winning ticket this program will ensure that west virginia not only has that pro business environment and world class workforce ready to serve a growing industry but one of the interesting facts that i learned is that boeing said by 2038 we are going to need 769 000 people to be able to do this job here we are right here at our tri-state airport but the partnerships that we see here today are what i think is so incredibly valuable um we're going to have not only the educational institutions but the but the uh the private sector uh government all joining together to make sure that our next generation workforce is here to meet the challenges and you know what i i had never really heard the numbers but the numbers are three incredible [Applause] one you

- How to Become a Licensed Aircraft Mechanic - Salary | Training | Career: Kind: captions Language: en How to become a licensed aircraft mechanic. If you enjoy working with your hands, solving technical problems, and taking responsibility for safety, becoming a licensed aircraft mechanic could be one of the most rewarding careers in aviation. In this video, I will explain what aircraft mechanics actually do, how much they earn, the training and certification process, and what your career path can look like once you are licensed. Overview. An aircraft mechanic, also known as an aircraft maintenance technician or AMT, is responsible for inspecting, maintaining, repairing, and certifying aircraft as safe to fly. Every aircraft that takes off must be declared airworthy. That responsibility often rests with licensed mechanics. You are not simply fixing machines. You are protecting passengers, pilots, and crew. To work independently in the United States, you must hold an FAA airframe and power plant license, commonly called an A and P license. Daily responsibilities. So, what does the job actually involve? On a typical day, you might perform scheduled inspections, diagnose mechanical or electrical faults, replace worn components, repair structural damage, inspect engines and landing gear, complete legally required maintenance paperwork. You may work in a hanger, on the flight line, or inside a specialized maintenance facility. Some roles focus on routine line maintenance at airports. Others involve heavy maintenance inspections where aircraft are stripped down for detailed examination. Attention to detail is critical. Even a small overlooked issue can have serious consequences. Salary overview. Let's talk about earnings. Entrylevel licensed aircraft mechanics in the United States typically earn between $50,000 and $65,000 per year. With several years of experience, mid-career mechanics often earn between $70,000 and $90,000. Senior mechanics, inspectors, or those with type ratings on large commercial aircraft can earn well over $100,000 annually, especially with overtime. Pay varies depending on location, employer, and whether you work for a major airline, a repair station, cargo operator, or general aviation company. Overtime is common in this industry and can significantly increase annual annual income. Qualifications required to become licensed. You need to complete three key stages. First, you must gain the required experience. You know, most people attend an FAA approved aviation maintenance technician school. These programs usually take 18 to 24 months full-time. Alternatively, you can qualify through documented on the job experience, but this route often takes longer. Second, you must pass the FAA written knowledge exams. Third, you must pass the oral and practical tests with a designated mechanic examiner. These tests assess both your technical knowledge and your hands-on skills. Once you pass all three sections, you receive your airframe and power plant license. Career path. Once licensed, your career options are broad. You could work for commercial airlines, cargo operators, corporate aviation departments, maintenance, repair and overhaul facilities, general aviation workshops, aircraft manufacturers, government or military contractors. With experience, you can progress to lead mechanic, inspector, maintenance supervisor, quality control. Specialist roles in avionics, engines, or structures. Many mechanics later pursue type ratings on specific aircraft, which increases earning potential. Pros and cons. Let's be realistic. Pros: Strong job demand, good earning potential, clear progression path, hands-on technical work, direct impact on safety. Cons: Shift work including nights, physically demanding tasks, high responsibility, exposure to noise and weather on the flight line, continuous regulatory compliance. This career suits people who are disciplined, practical, and comfortable working with procedures and checklists. Becoming a licensed aircraft mechanic is not just about passing exams. It is about developing technical competence, discipline, and professional responsibility. If you would like a full step-by-step breakdown of the certification process, exam preparation, and job search strategy, you can find the complete guide at aviationc careerguides.com. If you found this video useful, subscribe for more aviation career breakdowns.

  Top Comments:
  1. @musoseven8218 [1 likes]: Another useful video Ben. That ship has sailed for me sadly 💜😊

- The Economics of Private Jets: Kind: captions Language: en This video was made possible by Curiosity Stream. Watch over 2,400 documentaries for free for a month at CuriosityStream.com/Wendover. Private jets represent an inconceivable level of opulence. If the average American were to spend their entire year’s salary to charter a Gulfstream G550 from New York, they would just barely make it to Utah, and yet, there’s a class of people who use these planes to fly not just from New York to Utah, but rather routes like New York to Beijing. There’s a class of people who will spend tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars on just one single flight. Now, there are a few reasons this is strange beyond just the sheer price of things. Chartering that Gulfstream from London to Dubai, for example, you’d end up paying about $55,000 at rack rate. Meanwhile, if you were to fly Emirates First Class, which is just, if not more opulent, you could fly between the cities twenty times for the same price. What’s even stranger about this kind of expense is that businesses, which are intended to maximize profits for their shareholders, are able to justify this enormous expense as worthwhile. So, when is it that paying $8,000 or more an hour to fly makes money? There’s a pretty simple way of figuring this out. Out of the 8,760 hours in a year, the average CEO works 2,716 of them. For a CEO that’s paid $1 million a year, that makes an hour of their time worth $368. Among America’s largest companies, though, the average CEO earns $15.6 million. That makes their hour worth $5,750. For the most part, though, private jets fly about the same speed as commercial planes so when flying a route like London to Dubai, the time savings come at the airports on each end. It comes from being able to arrive, get on a plane, and fly—rather than having to navigate one’s way through a busy terminal for a fixed flight time. But still, flying private versus commercial from London to Dubai would save, at most, about three hours in airport time. With the cost of $55,000 for the flight, that would mean the CEO’s time would have to be worth $18,300 per hour. That wouldn’t be true until they earned $50 million a year—a salary earned only by the upper echelon of CEO’s. But the truth is that, for the most part, private jets do not make economic sense when flying routes with plenty of commercial service like London to Dubai. One of the larger corporate jet fleets out there belongs to Walmart. Now, this might come as a surprise considering that this is a company so focused on keeping costs low. You see, Walmart is headquartered in Bentonville, AR—a relatively small city of 50,000. Their airport does have a surprising amount of service for such a small city with flights all the way to Los Angeles and New York, largely propped up the company’s traffic, but for the higher ups, commercial doesn’t cut it. That’s why the company has a fleet of 20 corporate jets—the largest of any American company. These are most frequently flown by the company’s Regional Vice Presidents who are in charge of a specific area of the country and will have to make frequent store visits within this region. The company apparently has a goal that nobody spends a night away from Bentonville—they want as many trips as possible to be day trips. Now, let’s say that one of these executive vice presidents needs to take a trip to three stores—one in Rock Springs, Wyoming; one in Spokane, Washington; and the last in Great Falls, Montana. Getting to Rock Springs requires a seven hour itinerary through Denver that would get this executive in at 9:30 pm therefore already requiring an overnight stop. Then, the next day, they would do their store visit in the morning and, as there are only two flights a day from Rock Springs, they would have to wait until 4:50 pm to catch a flight back to Denver then another one to Spokane, getting in at 8:30 pm local time, therefore requiring another overnight stop. The next morning they would do their site visit, but once again, flight schedules dictate that the first itinerary to Great Falls would leave at 5:05 pm through Salt Lake City, getting in at 10:04 pm local time, thereby requiring another overnight stop. Following the next morning’s store visit, this executive would catch a noon flight to Denver and, after a three hour layover, another to finally get into Bentonville at 8pm. These three store visits would therefore take up four whole working days, but what if this executive flew private? Leaving at 9am, the first flight direct to Rock Springs would take an hour and 45 minutes getting in, with the hour’s time change, at 9:45 am local time. After a two hour store visit, the plane would take off again at 11:45 am, flying an hour and 15 minutes to Spokane, getting in at noon local time. After another two hour store visit, the plane would take off at 2 pm for a quick 45 minute flight to Great Falls, getting in at 3:45 pm local time. After a final two hours at this store, the plane would take off its final time at 5:45 pm bound for Bentonville. 2 hours and 15 minutes of flight time later, it would land at 9 pm local time, exactly 12 hours after leaving. What was a four day trip on commercial flights becomes a day trip on private, and that’s why Walmart decided private jets are worth it for them. It’s all about valuing the time of their employees and they’ve determined that, even for the relatively low level vice presidents, their time is valuable enough that it’s worth flying them private. For example, one of the aircraft Walmart owns and operates is the Learjet 45. It costs the company about $4 per mile to operate this aircraft including crew, fuel, insurance, maintenance, and all other variable costs. Therefore, the 2,900 miles flown on that day-trip to the north-east would cost them about $11,600. Saving three days, that places a value of $3,900 per day which means that, assuming the executive onboard works every single one of the 260 workdays per year, they would have to make almost exactly $1 million per year for this private jet ride to be worth it to Walmart—an amount within the realm of possibility for upper management at such a large company. Of course, that’s not factoring in the alternative option’s hotel, food, and airline transport costs which would likely sum in the thousands and it’s also assuming there’s just one passenger. If the plane were to be filled to its maximum capacity of nine, each passenger would only need to be paid $111,000 per year for the expense to be worth it to the company which is less than an average Walmart store manager makes. Now, there’s one other case where private jets can make economic sense over flying commercial. Let’s say Walmart was looking to expand into the Philippines. Flying business class, it would cost a minimum of $5,000 roundtrip per person, require three stops, and take over 26 hours to get from Bentonville to Manila. Flying private, though, a long range jet like the Bombardier Global 7500 could make it there non-stop, in just 15 hours, carrying 19 of the company’s top executives. Since the company does not own this type of jet, it would likely charter one at a cost of about $10,000 an hour, or $150,000 for the trip. While the cost of commercial airfare is less than this, assuming the CEO, who makes $24 million a year, is onboard, the value of the eleven hours of his time saved is worth $97,000—clearly tilting the math in favor of the private jet. The general phenomenon of globalization has been great for the private jet market as businesses need to travel to far off places like this. Especially as companies outsource manufacturing and other operations into developing countries, which don't necessary have much air service, many companies have determined that private jets are the best way to get where they need to go. But despite this, the private aviation industry was hit hard but the global financial crisis and still has not fully recovered. While part of it was genuine cost cutting, businesses also wanted to show that they were doubling down on luxuries by getting rid of their jets, even if they could make economic sense in some cases. It was all about optics and nowadays, these jets are coming with poorer and poorer optics, for good reason. Private jets are truly horrendous for the environment. If one were to fly that Bombardier Global 7500, the one that could make it from Bentonville to Manila, with just one passenger onboard, the jet would make it only to South Dakota before that passenger’s carbon footprint exceeded that of the average person in one year. Increasingly, these jets are even being used for purposes that cannot be justified economically. Since 2013, there has been about a 10% increase among Fortune 100 executives of using their company’s corporate jets for personal, leisure purposes. They apparently justify this by saying that, in case of a work emergency, they might need to get back to the office quickly and commercial air travel could hinder that. Firms that include this as a perk for their executives, according to one set of research, under-perform against the market average in terms of shareholder returns by about 4% each Of course, the real reason some companies might have private jets is not because it makes economic sense, because it quite often doesn’t. It’s because the people who decide whether the firm will use these are the very people that will use them. In many instances, the explanation is not economic, it’s societal. Now, many Wendover Productions viewers are also probably the type of person who watches a lot of documentaries. If that’s you or if you’d like that to be you, you should absolutely be subscribed to CuriosityStream. That’s because they have a library of over 2,400 documentaries and non-fiction titles that you can watch whenever, wherever. It’s available on the web, Apple TV, Roku, Android, iOS, and plenty of other platforms. One series they have that I would highly recommend is Innovation Nation with Mo Rocca who looks at new inventions in each episode and explains the stories behind them. This, and the entire rest of CuriosityStream’s library can be accessed for just $2.99 per month but, if you sign up at CuriosityStream.com/Wendover and use the code, “wendover,” you will get your first month completely for free.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wendoverproductions [1400 likes]: If you missed all the different announcements, I started a new podcast called Extremities about a month ago. It's all about how and why the world's most isolated human settlements exist, with the first season being on Pitcairn--the 50 person British territory in the South Pacific. 
You can listen to the podcast here: http://ExtremitiesPodcast.com
  2. @theshadowking3198 [2 likes]: Whoa 
Where’s the voice
  3. @cdvideodump [1 likes]: Linus Tech Tips be like:
  4. @sethcolby3: walmart makes it worth it by sending all of the necessary C-suite executives together as much as possible. so it’s not just the CEO, bur also the CFO, COO, vice-presidents or various divisions, etc. that you’re saving airfare & time on. idk if that’s how other companies do it, but my ex’s mom was the head of HR at walmart whej they lived in Rogers, AR and that’s how it worked for them. they had a fleet of gulfstreams and challengers and i think learjets theyd send everybody in depending on how many ppl were goinv & how far they were flying

EDIT i should have waited 44 seconds to realize thsts also the example you used lmao oops
  5. @HandFromCoffin: TLDR the C-Suite pay is perverse and you little people fly airlines..
  6. @saulgoodman2018: Does Walmart have to visit every store?
And get are salaried. So hourly does not matter.
  7. @darksideofluxury: what about empty legs?
  8. @theophrastus3.056: A good analysis for the most part. However the initial calculations (later corrected) are for a single CEO making solo trips. In reality, he’s usually accompanied by several other execs, also making top dollar. 
       The value of a corporate jet doing in one day what would take several days on the airlines is spot on. However, the flight time on the private aircraft is also work time. There’s no privacy or a cabin setup that makes this possible on the airlines. 
      Also, there’s security: Imagine an airline hijacker getting ahold of a Walton, Musk or Gates as a hostage!
     Finally, there’s fractional ownership, as with Warren Buffet’s NetJets and their nearly 1000-plane fleet. The fixed cost are divided between many owners. And trips can be done on a jet appropriate to the mission: light, mid-size or intercontinental range. And with even greater anonymity.
  9. @JustinAdamsMD: I’m so very glad that we have a new administration that is saying FU to this whole carbon footprint BS! Especially since husband and I are putting shamefully large amounts of money into our prepaid air miles private charter flight card. Makes it much much quicker for between Lexington, KY and Harry Reid international airport to our vacation home in McDonald Highlands Henderson, Nevada.
  10. @disgraced-empire: This video misses a key reason for flying private, it’s not just about savings the airport hours. It’s about having the flight be at whatever time you want, therefore allowing the executives to have any amount of meetings or sales calls that they want without conforming to a commercial air schedule. That is by far the biggest reason corporations choose private flights
  11. @jeremyleonbarlow: The economics are complex. I mean if you are living in Los Angeles and you have 6 or 7 buddies and you all want to fly to Vegas for the weekend, you can rent a light jet to fly you all collectively to Vegas and back for about the same cost as a commercial round trip ticket, give or take a couple of hundred dollars each per ticket. I mean the complexity of commercial ticket pricing gives a lot of wiggle room, but a realistic rental price for 8 friends flying LA to Vegas round trip on a light jet is between $500 and $600 each.

Renting a long range heavy jet or super mid-size private jet for a lengthy trip between cities for a business isn't just about the time savings for a single person in management typically. I mean a 15 or 20 seat private business jet probably has at a minimum ten people flying on it, so you need to factor in the price differential between X number of tickets and the costs of chartering or using a company owned jet, and what is more given fixed costs of an aircraft, even with high up front costs, owning a jet might be more economical still. This is because there are ways to improve the value of an owned aircraft which allows you to factor more than just the value of those folks' time savings at aurports. You must add to that calculus the fact that many businesses and individuals also subsidize company or personal travel on a private jet by triple net leasing their owned jet to a charter service with a deal that allows them 10 or more hours per month of usage at cost. This type of leasing arrangement is often through a service that allows them to use a network of jets in the charter service's fleet. This helps obscure travel by the company, protecting proprietary information in many instances better than traditional private ownership. I mean Taylor Swift and Elon Musk's tail numbers were being tracked as I recall and Sergei Brin and Larry Page decided chartering was more economical for this exact reason. Competitors knowing your next move by tracking where you flew is not a good thing, but owning and using a networked leaseback arrangement can be more economical in addition to obscuring your travel.

These leasing arrangements maximize cash flow on the jet as an asset to both the charter operator and the lessor by allowing the jets to keep moving and avoid a fixed base of operation. This maximizes charter revenue. This reduces the costs further for the owner of the jet by spreading fixed costs over more hours of usage and offloading those costs onto chartered guests. I mean with amortization and depreciation, a company which might have spent $7.5 million flying private over the course of five years, after the savings associated with the right charter leaseback arrangement, could have in fact spent just $360k for the same 600 hours of flight time. At what becomes $600 per hour for the flight time in such an arrangement, owning a private company jet makes a whole lot more sense.

Now it isn't always going to allow the company or individual to reduce costs that much, as some unexpected maintenance items might raise costs. I mean one cracked windshield could costs tens of thousands of dollars to replace, not to mention lost revenue from the loss of flight time while waiting for the repair, but it limits downside of ownership, and can still make flying private far more economical than traditional chartering. Of course chartering still might be cost effective for businesses or individuals who fly less frequently because of the value of time savings alone. This is why high usage owners can subsidize their travel costs.
  12. @abrahamg9720: Good break down but only talked about CEO salaries to airplane running cost , although that math is important I think what’s more important and probably the most value is how much did that ceo do in that 1 day vs 3 days that can possibly helps the company revenue / profit and how many more times is he doing those trips/meetings/ expand business, a year and see how much the company grows in a shorter time ideally vs taking commercial .
  13. @jacobabbott1949: I know likely no one will read this but if anyone is still interested after all these years.

I work at an Airport in the Chicagoland area, not KORD or KMDW. Specifically I work at the FBO on the airport and during the weekdays our mornings are filled with companies flying in executives. We have several dedicated companies that fly scheduled flights into our airport. Furthermore Netjets, Flexjets, and Vista-jets are some of our most common customers flying chartered flights in for everyone from families going golfing to executives of smaller companies. Many of the people or corporations that fly these planes are actually shareholders or have partial ownership of the aircraft. 

The industry itself is very convoluted with ownership of aircraft and who employes the crews but it's usually either a corporation, or the jets are treated almost similar to a timeshare.
  14. @MsNathelia: 7:01 Time = Money
  15. @andresegovia101: Don’t care about “carbon footprints”.
  16. @Zaphod23: I don’t follow the logic. I would never make this calculation if I was a company. You need to make sure people are ready to work. And not all messed up from traveling which needs a day to recover. Who is making this type of calculation
  17. @calebmcgowan2493: Clergy use is on the rise as well.  Many clergy would work in a factory if it was not for the God hustle.
  18. @kurtnelle: I recently learned that there is another reason for private jets. Cabin Altitude. Private jets dont cause jet lag. This means that not only do thr execs arrive sooner but they are still mentally able to make decisions when they arrive.
  19. @mananlalaji5266: What about economics of running a private jet business??
  20. @nothingtoseehere93: This video is blowing up recently much like all the private jets

- THE WRIGHT BROTHERS And The Evolution Of Aviation | Upscaled Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Viewed from a distance of nearly a century they don't seem as heroic as they really were. They had funny names, repaired bicycles and wore three piece suits to the beach. To the modern eye, they look more like comedians than leading men, but they invented the science of aeronautics. Thinking in three dimensions when the rest of the world couldn't move beyond two. They made human flight possible and every aircraft that has ever flown owes at least something to their work. They are Orville and Wilbur Wright. Wilbur the older of the Wright brothers was born April 16th, 1867 on a Farm in Millville, Indiana. Orville his younger brother came along four years later. Their father was Milton Wright, a Bishop of the United Brethren Church, who could not drive a nail straight into a board. It's really no surprise then that the Wrights attributed their engineering aptitude to their mother. Susan Koerner Wright. A shy woman who happily assisted them in the design and construction of numerous childhood projects. For all their similarities, the Wright brothers also were study in contrast. Wilbur was so shy as to be almost silent in public. He seemed truly happy only when dismantling something. Mechanical Orville on the other hand, was relatively impulsive. He was the idea generator. Always coming up with the next project and something of a dandy. Together the two formed a well balanced&nbsp; whole. Orville brought passion and energy. Wilbur Persistence and Determination. The Wrights tinkering was accompanied. From a very young age, by a strong entrepreneurial streak. Orville built kites and sold them to classmates. Wilbur, who worked for the publisher of a church newspaper invented a machine that automated the folding of papers for mailing. The family moved from Indiana to Dayton, Ohio. Where Susan Wright died of tuberculosis in 1889. Wilbur the dutiful son nursed her to the end. In 1892, the Wrights opened the Wright cycle company to Build, repair, and sell bicycles. The business grew quickly and the seasonal nature of the bicycle business in Ohio afforded the Wrights long winters, to experiment. The late 1800s &nbsp;were a boom time for invention. New technologies changed nearly every aspect of life, improved furnaces and electrical generators made possible household electrification. Wireless telegraphy foreshadowed radio and television. The first practical adding machine served notice of the coming computer age and the first automobiles appeared on roads previously trod only by horses. But the really big engineering challenge the problem so daunting that many thought it unsolvable was heavier than air flight. Well, Wibur was the oldest of the two, and he was the one who actually came up with the idea of trying to solve this problem. In the very end, in the very beginning, Orville just kind of tagged along. But eventually this, this, the idea of flight became an obsession to the Wright brothers. The Wrights were ironically inspired to study flight by the failure of Otto Lilienthal. During the early 1890s Lilienthal had designed and flown 16 different hang gliders. The leading aviator in the world he died in a crash in 1896. The Wrights saw in Lilienthal's death an opportunity to take the lead in airplane development. Wilbur wrote to the Smithsonian Institution requesting, as he put it, "all that is already known about flight experiments". Studying the Smithsonian's pamphlets and books the Wrights formed some basic ideas about flight. Obviously an aircraft needed wings to provide lift and power to push the craft forward. But the Wrights added a third element, control. Still struggling just to get off the ground, no one but the Wrights ever considered how to steer a plane once it got off the ground. I think it's not coincidental. They were bicycle manufacturers because in recognizing this problem of controllability, what was key for the Wrights was turning. And they recognize that turning an airplane is three dimensional. You have to change the bank of the airplane and then you have to change the pitch of the airplane and you have to kick the nose over. It's really a very, very complex maneuver, if you will, if you think of how an airplane actually turns. The Wrights noticed that birds change the angle of their wings in order to turn. One wing moved down and the other up in perfect unison, controlling all aspects of their flight at once. The movement was simple enough for a bird but seemed impossible to mechanically reproduce. Late one evening, when Wilbur was tending to the bicycle shop and a customer came in and had problems with the inner tube. An inner tube came in a long pasteboard box. And while Wilbur was talking to the customer he find himself with his fingers and inks one of those corners. The box is doing this to it, changing the angle one up one down of the corners of the box and it kind of struck him, this might be a good way of basically just retaining balance for level flight. The &nbsp;Wrights built a biplane kite their first experimental aircraft to test the idea. Using simple hand controls they were able to make the kite climb, dive and turn. They knew that what works in models, often doesn't on a larger scale and decided to build a larger glider. One a man could ride in. They also searched for a suitable place to fly it. A place with predictable and moderate winds. Once again the Wrights did careful research. They wrote to the weather bureau in Washington. Requested locations that fit their needs and were provided with the list. The Wrights then set another round of letters to people at those locations. The only reply they got was from a postman in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. In the letter he described that there were no trees or grass. All this was just beach deep sand. There were four giant sand dunes like the one you see that where the monument is on to launch gliders off of. Very hard to get here. sail boat the outer banks. Then once you got here wasn't nobody around. Privacy, Secrecy, Isolation. But then they will find here what they couldn't find anywhere else and that was Southern hospitality. The people. The Wrights packed up their new larger glider and headed for Kitty Hawk. The Wrights took their first large scale glider to Kitty Hawk in late September 1900. They brought with them three trunks full of camping equipment. And set up a wood. frame tent on the dunes near a station of the U.S. life saving service. The biplane glider weighed 50 pounds and cost $15 dollars to build. It had a wooden frame covered in tightly woven cotton. The Wrights tested it first as an unmanned kite. Carefully recording flight data and making small modifications to improve its performance. After three weeks of flying the glider on a string, they enlisted Bill Tate. The local postman who had answered their initial inquiry about Kitty Hawk to help them carry the glider Tto the top of a cluster of high dunes called the Kill Devil Hills. Wilbur lay down across the gliders lower wing Orville and Tate lifted the glider and ran. As the glider started to lift, Wilbur shouted." Let go"! They did And Wilbur sailed gracefully down the slope. He had flown, He made about a dozen flights that day covering a total of perhaps half a mile. With a total flight time of barely two minutes. The wing warping system worked. The glider could be controlled. Thrilled with their initial success, the Wrights returned to Dayton determined to build a bigger and better glider. They studied what little data there was on lift characteristics of different wing designs. Most of which came from Lilienthal's experiments. From that they built the biggest glider ever constructed with wings 22 feet wide and seven feet deep. It weighed nearly 100 pounds and featured an improved steering mechanism. They returned to Kitty Hawk in July 1901 and built a wooden shed on the beach to act as their base of operations. The shed was more accommodating than the previous year's tent. However, it was also the only thing about 1901 that was an improvement over 1900. Wilbur did the flying that almost immediately discovered that the giant wings of the new glider didn't provide as much lift as Lilienthal's data promised. The forward elevator, which control the up and down motion of the plane, didn't. work. The Wrights spent a precious week redesigning and rebuilding the wings and elevator. It helped, but the glider in flight still had a disturbing tendency to spin wildly out of control. In what turned out to be the last man flight of the year. Wilbur crashed. Cutting his face on the elevator, and badly damaging the plane. The Wrights left Kitty Hawk depressed and confused. They turned to Dayton facing a gloomy winter and questioning whether man would ever fly. You find that when you look at the Wright Brothers, they clearly understood the aeronautical research and development process as thoroughly or more than anybody in their time period. And the process that they followed to create the world's first successful airplane was a model of how people do research even in the present day. The Wrights concluded that Lillianthal's. data was wrong. If they wanted to fly, they had to throw away the articles and books and generate their own basic understanding of flight. They built a simple wind tunnel. A box six feet long with a fan in one end and a window on top. Using machinery designed to manufacture Bicycle parts they crafted. model wings out of wax, solder, steel and tin. They tested different shapes and spent painstaking hours documenting the minutia of aerodynamics. They became aware of the entire theoretical underpinnings of flight. They studied and read widely. They created specialized test equipment to to validate some of their own ideas, particularly ideas on controllability. The 1902 glider looked more like a modern airplane than anything to come before it. The wings were flatter, longer and not as deep as the 1901 model. There were stabilizers in the rear to balance the front elevator and keep the plane from side slipping in late summer. The Wrights returned to Kitty Hawk and spent the first few weeks building a large hangar. They improved their living quarters which took on decidedly homey characteristics in anticipation of a long stay. By mid September they had assembled the glider, and a series of short flights gave rise to optimism. On one of the first flights with Orville at the controls, the glider spun out of control and crashed. They repaired the damage, but the sudden and unexpected banking became a recurring problem. Lying in bed considering the aerodynamic forces that could cause the crashes, Orville concluded that when the glider turned, air pressure built up along the stabilizers. He suggested that they eliminate one of the stabilizers and make the other movable to help the plane turn. The problem disappeared. The Wrights stayed in camp through late October. By the time they returned to Dayton, they had already roughed out the design of their first powered airplane. To build it, they needed a light, powerful engine. They wrote to several manufacturers, but none wanted the job. So with the help of one of their bicycle mechanics, they built their own. On September 25th the Wrights and their newly christened flyer arrived at Kill Devil Hills. Static testing revealed critical problems with the propeller axles. They tried several fixes but in late November, Orville returned alone to Dayton. to machine new shafts. He returned on December 11th. with new propeller. Axles and a fresh $1.00 dollar bill. The bill was from their father Milton Wright who told them to use it to pay for the telegram announcing their success. With the plane finally ready to go, the weather failed them. Kitty Hawk chosen for its prevailing winds, fell dead Calm. Impatient the Wrights and a few locals hauled the flyer to the top of Big Kill Devil Hill, they flipped a coin to see who would fly first. Orville won. The plane rested on a 60 foot rail that served as a runway. Wilbur ran alongside as the flyer moved forward after a 40 foot run it lifted off, raised its nose too high and crashed. It took two days to repair the damage to the flyer. The Wrights move the track back down off Kill Level Hills and onto flat sand below. The prevailing winds returned, and on December 17th they tried again. This time it was Wilbur's turn. He slid into place atop the bottom wing. Orville stood. alongside. Facing a 27 mile per hour wind, they started the engine. The plane moved slowly forward after 40 feet on flat ground. Under its own power the flyer lifted off. It stayed in the air for 12 seconds before settling into the sand&nbsp; 120 feet away. The first powered, sustained, controlled flight ahd been achieved. They moved the plane back to the rail and Orville took the Controls. He too flew 13 seconds 175 &nbsp;feet. Then Wilbur 15 seconds, 200 feet. Finally, Orville 59 seconds covering&nbsp; 852 feet. The frame of the plane cracked on Landing. Man's. first day of flight had come to an end. With the plane safely stored in its hangar Wilbur and Orville walked four miles up the beach to the Weather Bureau station at Kitty Hawk. They sent a telegram to their father. Inform Press. the Telegram said. Their brother Lauren, when they got the telegram in Dayton, went down to the local newspaper and the local editor read 59 seconds. He said if it would been 59 minutes, it might be newsworthy. The next day in the newspaper, the only thing was mentioned is that the Wright boys will be home for Christmas. Talk about Miss the Story of the Century. The Wright brothers were not naive idealists as they had turned their tinkering into small businesses when they were boys. After their first flight at Kitty Hawk they worked to turn their test craft into a practical flying device. Working at Huffman Prairie a acre Pasture outside Dayton. The Wrights made more than 80 flights in 1904. &nbsp;Testing and revising not just their technology, but also their technique. Theoretically, the machine with the fuel capacity was capable of flying about 8 miles, but they had no skill. So the reason they got better each time they tried it this increased on their abilities and their skill as being pilots. On September 15th 1904 Wilbur made the first complete circle of the field. In November, he flew four circles. around Huffman Prairie, staying in the air for five full minutes. In the spring of 1905 The Wrights built the flyer three which featured improved flight controls. That summer they flew more than 40 successful flights, the longest lasted 39 minutes and covered more than 24 miles. The Wrights test flights turned Huffman Prairie into a significant attraction. The crowds, while gratifying made the brothers nervous since they had Applied for, but had not been granted a patent on their wing. warping system. Now everything that makes the airplane turn is right in front of you. There's nothing inside the wings or anything like that. So when they went back to Ohio in 1904 and 1905, there were a lot of people hanging out trying to walk up close to the airplane, see, everything works. Fearing that someone would steal their technology, at the end of the 1905 year, the Wrights put their aircraft under wraps. and kept it there. For two and a half years they did not fly. During that time rumors took hold that the Wrights had never flown at all. There was so much jealousy involved in the invention of the airplane. The Wright brothers were literally unheard of until 1899 and when they went to compete with men who had, quote, higher educated, college training, all the political backing, all the government funding, I think they were kind of resented by these people because of their lack of education. The Wrights offered their airplane to the United States Army. And the army declined. The government had spent more than $70,000 dollars on Samuel Langley's failed experiments. And the idea that a couple of bicycle repair men from Dayton could succeed where the respected Langley had failed, seemed absurd. The Wrights persisted. They offered to meet strict specifications if The army would agree in advance to buy a Wright flyer if they succeeded. The army refused to sign a contract until it had seen the plane fly. The Wrights wouldn't fly without the contract. The Wrights continued to work behind, closed doors. Without ever testing it, they design and built the Type A flyer. In the Type A the pilot sat upright and a second seat allowed the plane to carry a passenger. In February 1908 The Army relented and gave the Wrights a contract to deliver an aircraft that could meet what seemed at the time, impossible specifications. The plane had to be capable of carrying two men 125 miles at an average speed above 40 miles an hour. A month later, the Wrights signed a second contract with a French company manufacture Flyers in Europe. Only then did the Wrights return to flight. Still concerned about protecting their technology, they returned to Kitty Hawk. Once again in splendid isolation, they practiced in a modified 1905 flyer carrying as a passenger. A mechanic who had accompanied them from Dayton. At the end of May, Orville returned to Dayton to Prepare a Type A flyer for the army demonstration. Wilbur set sail for France to prepare for demonstration flights there. The Europeans greeted Wilbur with suspicion on August 8th in front of a sparse crowd at a small racetrack near Le Mans. Wilbur took off. He circled the track twice and landed smoothly. The flight lasted less than two minutes, and the French had never seen anything like it. It was a mix of admiration, disappointment, shock. Almost disbelief. They were measuring flights in terms of yards and meters of of length. And here were the Wrights able to produce an airplane that could literally turn figure eights stay aloft for at least a half hour or much longer than that, exhibit perfect controllability. Every day the crowd grew larger. In six months Wilbur made one hundred flights and carried more than 60 passengers. He and his airplane became a sensation. While Wilbur was knocking them dead in Paris, Orville staged the first demonstration flight for the army. On September 3rd 1908 at Fort Myer he took an army officer up for a jaunt around the base parade grounds. For two weeks on opposite sides of the ocean, the two brothers seemed in a kind of competition for who could make the longest flight. Who could take up the most passengers who could draw the largest crowd. On September 17th, the competition ended. Orville flying with Lieutenant Thomas Selfridge as his passenger crashed. Wreckage pinned pilot and passenger to the ground. Orville suffered a Fractured thigh, cracked ribs, scalp wounds and back injuries. Selfridge died, becoming the first Fatality in the new era of powered flight. Four days later flying over France, Wilbur, set The World flight endurance record. One hour and thirty one Minutes. This, he said as he got out of the plane will cheer Orville up. It's sad that after 1909-1910 &nbsp;time period we see the Wrights really drop out of the aeronautics business. Wilbur of course dies in 1912, but one has the feeling that the Wrights really had reached the end of their creative tether, if you will. flew a few public stunts including a flight up the Hudson River in New York City. They opened a company to manufacture Wright Flyers and concentrated not on research, but on protecting their patents. Exhausted from one of many patent infringement trials, Wilbur contracted typhoid fever. He returned to Dayton too weak to fight. And after three weeks at home died in 1912. When Wilbur died, a part of Orville died too. He lost all interest in the airplane industry. There'd be no more great inventions, no more genius thoughts. Orville sold his interest in the Wright, airplane company for one and a half million dollars. He retired to a mansion on the outskirts of Dayton. He flew for the last time in 19 18. As his invention was proving itself on the battlefields of Europe. He was nearly invisible, appearing only occasionally at ceremonies honoring his and his brother's work. He died in 1948. &nbsp;at the age of 76. less than a year after Chuck Yeager became the first man to break the sound barrier. The machine he and his brother had invented had truly changed the world. At the turn of the 20th century in Dayton, Ohio Hawthorne Street looked much as it does today. Men and women are still living who remember how in the years 1900, 1901,1902,1903. The quiet slow spoken Wright brothers came walking down Hawthorne back again from their journeys to Kitty Hall and how was that bent alert, probing way of theirs. They strode past the homes of Vance, the harness maker, Pahu, the stone cutter, Wellborn, the wagon maker, Wolfram the carriage trimmer. Year after year, they came quietly home to number 7 Hawthorne St. But once within the House, reserve left them with their father, Bishop Milton Wright, their sister Catherine, or the young girl Carrie Grumbach, listening unobtrusively. The Wright brothers studied aloud. Discussed exhaustively, argued in detail. And at last conceived the principles that were to open the skies to the navigation of men. Around the corner from Hawthorne on 4th St. Orville and Wilbur Wright tested not only their ideas, but they examined the theories of other men who had explored the possibilities of flight kayley, Lilienthal, Chanute Langley. The Wrights devised methods of measuring the accuracy of aeronautical theories, including there own. The home was their discussion hall. The shop their laboratory. Both today are gone from date. Moved as monuments to the right memory to the museum at Greenfield Village in Dearborn. Discussion Hall laboratory and testing devices such as their first wind tunnel had their place. But the rights it once had recognized an axiom of aviation that still endures. Proof must come in the air. On this windswept beach in 1900,1901 and 1902. They tested gliders they had built. They taught themselves to be pilots of a high order. They were critical men, but at last their 1902 model pleased them. They flew it farther and with better control than any other glider that man had ever devised. They came back from Kitty Hawk in 1902 with the knowledge that they had solved flights Paramount secret, control. And in the spring of 1903&nbsp; they designed the four-cylinder engine and fashion 2 propellers. When they next went to Kitty Hawk, they flew. On December 17th, 1903 Orville and Wilbur Wright made Man's first four controlled flights in a powered airplane. That day, they lifted the world into a new dimension. What the rights had achieved at Kitty Hawk barely evoked passing attention in a nation whose people were absorbed with the problems of a dynamic new age. There were other, less celestial wonders closer at hand. The automobile, the telephone. The motion picture. But at number 7 Hawthorne St. December 17th, 1903 was a momentous day, the young girl who was then the Wrights housekeeper, Carrie Grumbach, remembers. I remember the telegram, when it come that they had flown, that they had done what they said they would do, they always did as they had planned. The telegram from Kitty Hawk had a special significance for the mechanical worked in the Wrights Bicycle Shop Charlie Taylor. Of course. &nbsp;I was Greatly pleased to know that it had been accomplished, but at that time it didn't seem to be anything wonderful. At that. I started on repairing bicycles back in uh. In the 80s. And then I later went to Dayton and built bicycles. For the Stoddard manufacturing company. And they were just starting up in the bicycle business and I. True, I got acquainted with the rides and I haven't built bicycles for them. I did all the repair work while they went down Kitty Hawk to try out their gliders when in and all they needed was power to keep on flying. Why then to when we designed the motor. I made all the different parts in the in the motor or even made the crankshaft so I made it out of a solid block of steel. About 32 inches long, 6 inches wide, and inch and 5/8 thick. Cut it right out of a solid block by drilling holes and knocking out large pieces out of it and then uh then turning it up in the lathe. A motor itself from the time I started well, I had it ready for test was six weeks, fifty years ago, I can remember as though it was yesterday almost. There was not a complete indifference to the rights discovery. A small group of Americans were laboring to further the art, and in Europe where the airplanes military potential was quickly realized, a fresh wave of enthusiasm for aviation followed the Wright success. In France, Lario, Farman and Briquet were flying airplanes of their own design. The Englishman Curry and the Brazilian Santos DuMont, most of whose experiments took place in France, also captured the imagination of Europe with successful flights. The rights had offered to demonstrate their airplane to the United States Army shortly after their first successful flights. The army declined, preferring to develop its small fleet of balloons as an air arm. Lieutenant Law became the first military officer ever to fly in an airplane. Eight days later, tragedy struck. On a flight at Fort Myer, Lieutenant Thomas Selfridge was killed, Orville Wright injured. Shocked but not deterred, both the Army and the Wrights moved to improve the airplane. In the summer of 1909, both Wilbur and Orville Wright came to Fort Myer, this time with a new airplane. It fulfilled the specifications. Including an hours flight, which is my good fortune to ride with Orville for an hour and twelve minutes. Another young Army Lieutenant, Benjamin Foulois, had a chance to fly in the right plane at Fort Myer. On the day following the endurance test with global right and Lieutenant Lam, the Orville, with a quiet little grin on his face, invited me to be his guest on the crucial and final cross country and speed tests. The grin on Orville's face was for my benefit. Particularly as I've been responsible for laying out the course between Fort Myer and Alexandria, VA, and there was not a landing field on the entire outfit out of homebound. &nbsp;Course, except Fort Myer drill ground. On July 30th we took off on the final cross country and speed test. Shortly after, we straightened out on the course for Alexandria. Orville with the same little grin on his face told me that if he had to land anywhere on the route. I need to figure out the thickest clump of trees you could find and land on top of them. Fortunately, the little engine that we had at the time carried us all the way through without any difficulty. And we finally landed back at Fort Margel ground with three world records cross country. 10 miles, altitude 600 feet. And speed 42 and a half miles an. Hour. The United States Army had an airplane. The need now was for pilots. There in the fall of 1909 under Wilbur Wright's instruction, a Lieutenant Fe Humphreys of US engineers and myself were taught to fly, and at the end of some three hours were soloed and told we. Were pilots. So in 1909 the military airplane was mated to the military pilot. Meanwhile, all over the world, aviation pioneers encouraged by the Wright brothers flights were hard at work, the principles of flight were now widely known, and designers were applying them to many types of aircraft. Glenn Curtis, Glenn Martin and the Canadian J.A.D. McCurdy were designing and flying airplanes and competition and for exhibition. In Europe, the airplanes of Blériot, Polum, Farman and De Havilland were demonstrating obvious advances in both speed and range, and in Russia, Igor Sikorsky was taking his first steps into the age of flight. And I remember very, very well the early. Interesting period in France in 1909 and 1910, when the very first attempts were made to push aviation from the purely original experimental flying to some kind of successful practical achievement. I have seen Blériot coming in the same factory to purchase his motor on which a few months later he crossed the English Channel and at that time I had my share of failures with the first helicopter which was a fine machine, only it couldn't fly. Glenn Martin remembers an episode of his pioneering days. I've just been reading an old postcard sent by our family doctor to my mother. Dated September 30th, 1910. This is at a time when I just began to leave the ground in a flying machine. And it says: "For heaven's sake, if you have any influence with that wild eyed, hallucinated young man, call him off before he is killed". "Have him devote his energies to substantial, feasible and profitable pursuits, leaving dreaming to the professional dreamers". For a dreamer, Glenn Martin was attracting a remarkable group of clear, thinking young designers as workmen. The first to join him was Donald Douglas. I guess I must be getting old because somehow. It becomes fun to reminisce. Well. My first. Memory of things in aviation. Was saying. The first Wright airplane demonstrated for the signal Corps 1908 in Fort Myers outside of Washington. So I took the streetcar and one thing and another and got out to Fort Myer. Well, there she was, as I had seen her pictured, the old. Wright, pusher? There were Wilbur and Orville and. There was that old launching device that kind of looked like a guillotine, and they had the airplane perched up at the starting part of the track and the weight all ready to go. I remember well. I believe it was Wilber going out and holding up a bit of dust and dropping it to see that there wasn't a bit of wind. And then as I recall, it was Wilbur that got into the machine. Well, I guess it was Colonel Lam. They pull the old latching down this little wooden track it went with those funny old props batting around it, apparently a pretty slow speed. And off she went. One of the first pilots was Roy Nobbin shoe, who was a balloonist even before he became an airplane pilot. I'm finding out. Right back of the. Pilot was Walter Brookins. Water was a great pilot. His judgment was uncanny, but he was very temperamental. As a matter of fact, he and Arch Hoxsey and Ralph Johnson was the three best pilots that the Wright company had, and each one tried to outdo the other. My friend Dick Ferris remarked to me one time. He said. I have been an impresario. I've handled actors and primadonnas. But he says these aviators are starting where the other fellow leaves off, and he says it's impossible to do anything with him. The ambitions of some designers went far beyond their skills, as Igor Sikorsky has said. In the history of aviation there have been many contraptions which, to the good fortune of their inventors, failed to fly. Inventors of a high skill sometimes were deadly serious and demonstrating the utility man could expect from the airplane. Lawrence Perry, whose contributions to the aircraft instrument field were momentous, puts a pre war aircraft through its paces. All this ferment, however often it seemed to lack direction, was contributing in one way or another to the growth of aviation. The airplane was growing cleaner in design. Its horsepower was more dependable. The disparaging term aeronaut was giving way to aviator, a term of respect. Aviation was emerging as a science. A pioneer aeronautical engineer and educator, Dr. Jerome. Hunsacker professional education in aeronautical engineering. Began in this country. At MIT in the winter of 1913- 14. This course was started by President Mclaurin borrowing me from the Navy Department and supplying me with one assistant as staff who was a recent graduate in mechanical engineering, Donald Douglas, from whom Moore was to be heard. The pusher engine of early planes had been replaced by the tractor engine installations, which allowed higher speeds. The Wrights were foreseeing these helpful aircraft devices, and other inventors such as Elmer Sperry were inventing and refining them. Here, a Curtiss sea plane flies with the early Sperry automatic pilot. Almost without exception, in the first decade of the airplane, the designers were pilots. They built, tested and flew. Their own designs Wrights, Blèriot, Santos-DuMont, Curtis, Rose, Sikorsky, De Havilland and Martin. At Glen Martins, a band of engineers and Craftsman had gathered together whose names and time would be synonymous with aircraft designs of world rank. Donald Douglas, James H Dutch Kindelberger, Lawrence, Larry Bell. Alan Lockheed, John Northram. the United States was the cradle of flight. Inventors of a high order had appeared. Our pilots were unmatched. First rate designers emerged. Brilliant men specialized in the components of the airplane. But as a pioneer who specialized in aircraft horsepower, Frederick B Rentschler summarizes. Prior to World War One. Our most important contribution. To aviation, there's a flight of the Wright brothers. From December 1909. To March 1911, thirteen months, the entire United States Air Force consisted of one officer and myself. Uh. Once civilian mechanic eight enlisted men one aeroplane. The government at that time wasn't very keen about turning money loose for flying. I had the the great appropriation of $150 dollars allotted to me to take care of the airplane for the entire year in1910, January 1910. Two signal officer directed me to proceed and said what Sam Houston, TX to teach myself how to fly. On March 2nd I made four flights, 3 good and one bad. The last one I cracked up and put the plane in the shop for about 10 days. After each crack up, I used to sit down and try to puzzle out what had happened. Then I'd write to the Wright brothers and tell them all that I thought had happened. They'd proceed to write back and tell me what I ought to have done. In other words, I expected I'm about the only man living today who learned to fly by correspondence. Two air minded young Lieutenant shortly joined General Foulois, the one Man Air Force. They were Hap Arnold and T. DeWitt Milling. Looking back 42 years ago to March 1911. The month and the month in which General Arnold and myself were ordered to Dayton to learn to fly with the Wright brothers. And to think of the plane that we used at that time and see the advance that has been made since, it seems incomprehensible that one man in his own lifetime could live through such progress. After our very brief period of instruction. Of about a week. Two to three hours in order to learn to fly. We were sent to College Park, MD. We immediately started in to try to find some method by which we could develop from the standpoint of taking photographs, using the machine gun, dropping bombs. The air arm of the United States Navy began under equally apathetic circumstances. Naval aviator number 3 was Admiral John H Towards. In the autumn of 1911, when I was quite a young naval officer serving aboard one of our battleships. I got the idea that I wanted to learn to fly, that naval aviation would amount to something for naval purposes. So I put in a request to the Navy Department and they came back and quite frankly said. That they didn't believe aviation whatever amount to anything. But if it turned out to be otherwise, they would consider my request during that winter. Congress. Appropriated money for the Navy to buy three airplanes, so they were in it whether or not they wanted to be. And then they decided to select three officers to be taught to fly as part of the contract with the manufacturers of the airplanes. I was fortunate enough to be one of those three officers. The other two were Ellison and Rogers. I also became a very close friend of Glenn Curtis. And was associated with him throughout his whole life. The man had an enormous amount of vision. He had already conducted, in cooperation with the Navy, tests of landing an airplane on a platform, on a cruiser and also of taking off. But he had in his mind then the idea which later developed into the powerful carriers that we have today. The airplane now had official recognition both from the Army and the Navy, but it was a cautious. Acceptance. The time forged armament still held sway when the fledgling army Flyers experimented with a primitive bomb site and a Lewis machine gun installed an aircraft at College Park, Maryland. They landed and foresaw whole battles that someday might be fought in the air. The war department promptly pierced that bubble. An official spokesman pointed out with finality that the army had airplanes for just one purpose, reconnaissance. From a pistol shot at Sarajevo, the first of the great modern world wars exploded. And almost overnight, all of Europe was engulfed in conflict. Once the great armies had met head on, the conflict resolved itself into a desperate struggle to hold this plot of ground, this foot of Earth. Military analysts called it positional warfare. But the foot soldiers knew it only as a war of trenches, a desperate fight for a waterlogged hole. Automotive power began to supplement the feeding, supplying and tending of troops burrowed in the Earth. The tank made its combat appearance, but for many months the First World War remained an earthbound conflict. The airplane was put to work just as the US War Department spokesman had prophesied, as observation and scouting craft. The source of peril lay in the artillery, machine gun and rifle fire, scourging the entrenched troops from across the wasted land. But in the air, allied and German pilots often waved to each other as they passed on their observation missions. Then, instead of the courteous wave, the opposing pilots began exchanging pistol fire. Presently, the first crudely mounted machine guns appear. Now the frantic race of inventing, improvising, adapting and refining aircraft equipment began. Quickly, the Germans countered the hand operated machine gun by installing upon their aircraft the invention of Tony Fokker, a machine gun synchronized to fire through the aircraft propeller. A paramount lesson that the allies were to remember a generation later was being learned in air warfare for the first time. No design capable of still further development could be frozen. And countermeasures must be met by counter countermeasures. It was becoming clear that no nation or race had a corner on inventive skill. While the single engined airplane had been engrossing, most designers in Russia Igor Sikorsky. In 1912 I decided that the time came to build a large machine with several motors. At that time I was certain already that the future of aviation will be connected with fairly large aircraft, that they closed cabin with its comfort, protection from wind and so forth represent a must. And in&nbsp; 1913 I completed my first four motored aeroplane, Le grand the ship proved a complete success. It looked quite well. Le Grand's, military successor the IIya&nbsp; Muromets was the 1st four engine bomber in world history. It struck time after time at the Central Powers on the Eastern Front. The internal combustion engine now became an instrument of intensive technical development. The first successful engine had not been developed until 1860. One of the world's foremost engine designers, Leonard S Hobbs, recollects its history. It starts out actually with a little known Frenchman by the name of Lenoir who has never gotten the credit he deserved. He built and actually marketed the first internal combustion engine, and it was from his engine that the Wright brothers were able to build one. Of course the early pre war power plants are fairly well known. The Anzanis and the Curtiss OXs The First World War did mark a great advance in power plants. First there were the rotaries, the clergies, the Gnome Rhônes. Then there was the Renault engine, which was a very good French engine, and the British RAF engines. Toward the end of the war came the very beginning of what I think is the is the modern engine. First there was the Hispano Suiza with its solid block and a valve arrangement which is is standard in a lot of engines to this day. Also out of the First World War came the a remarkable German effort, the BMW. Now, this engine is the first engine that I know of in all history that attempted to overcome the effects of altitude on power. Into a conflict in which European antagonists had been tempered by three years of savage battle, whose equipment had been perfected by the necessity of survival without regard to cost, the United States now plunged. It was the world's 14th ranking air power, with only 28 airplanes, 65 pilots supplemented by 50 flying students. Its Navy combat Air arm was even smaller. Its industry lacked integration. The nation that had allotted Benny Fulois $150 in 1910 for maintenance of that year's Air Force promptly voted $600 million to fulfill a plea by the Allies to have 5000 airplanes and 4500 pilots on the Western Front. by the spring of 1918, when we entered the war, the country knew that the United States already had an industrial capacity,double that of Great Britain, France and Germany combined. We quickly realized that to supplement the meager aeronautical developments resulting from years of federal indifference to air power, we had to obtain licenses for the production of proved British and French airplanes and aircraft engines in our new factories. Our national mistake was the assumption that an instrument as dynamic as the airplane could be designed, tested and developed overnight. Thousands of rookie pilots training in the United States and in England and France had an inspiring example of American air combat performance through the brilliant exploits of the Lafayette Escadrille, a team of American volunteers who had joined the Allied cause in 1916. But American performance had its hours of frustration. One of the first young pilots to see action in France with the first Aero Squadron was Oliver P. Echols. We'd been equipped with a. New type of French airplane. With the new and very much improved engines. These airplanes were assigned to us, the squadron had the strength of 18 airplane. And we were assigned the mission of supporting one of the American divisions. One afternoon in the attack, our planes took off 18 strong. During the afternoon, all of the airplanes force landed from engine failure. Fortunately none of them behind the enemy line. Out of the 18 airplanes that went out, none of them got back. The pilots of World War One made the term dogfight synonymous with their work. America's top ace, Captain Eddie Rickenbacker of the famed 94th hat in Ring Squadron, reflects on the different approaches to combat of the pilots of World War One and the pilots of today. That individualism was possible because the planes were much slower. You'd stay In maneuver. Whereas today it's impossible because of the tremendous speed, the difference of 100 mile an hour and six, seven and six or seven hundred miles an hour. We had 150 horsepower. Today If they haven't got 5 or 6 thousand horsepower, it's no good. We had two little pop guns, 30 caliber that would shoot sometimes 450 rounds a minute. Today they've got six and eight fifty caliber guns, that 'll shoot a thousand rounds a minute with a couple of cannon thrown in 20 millimeter or. 37 millimeter cannon and then maybe a. Half a dozen or a dozen rockets, that. Have terrific destructive power, all of which means that. Today, the time element is so limited for a pilot in combat. With an enemy that it's a matter of fraction of a second. Today is a cockpit full of instruments and gadgets pressurized these air conditioned we had a gasoline gauge, an oil gauge, we had a tachometer or revolution counter. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't. And the 4th instrument was an altimeter that we could never rely on. The Navy's pre war requests for funds to build up. Its air arm had been denied and only a skeleton Naval Air force. Existed. A naval officer whose career has bridged 2 wars in aeronautics. Admiral DeWitt C Ramsay. From the outset. The Navy's problem has been to bring aircraft into the mobile operating forces of the fleet. We may say that this had its start. And World War One and post the post World War One. When kite balloons were used from battleships and auxiliaries. For gunfire spotting. And tactical reconnaissance. The equipment was. Very cumbersome. And as hydrogen was used as the lifting gas for the balloons. We found that it was not a satisfactory measure of doing enabled job. So they were abandoned after a short, relatively short trial. The real beginning of naval aviation, let us say, took place in England, where during World War One, the latter part of it, the British converted two ships, The Furious and The Argus, and built into them the features which were desirable for aircraft launching and recovery. I happen to have been in England about that period and kept our Navy. Department informed of the progress of the British in this As a result. The Navy embarked on a initial program of converting the old Collier Jupiter. And to our first flat top, The Langley. In 1918, as the war began to move toward its Climax, American aircraft equipment still had not entered combat. An intensive effort was being made to perfect the Liberty engine. Before The Liberty or any other aerial product of the United States designing boards could be put in action. The final critical offensive of World War One had begun. Millions of men pulled out of trenches to attack or retreat. Above them, to be sure, planes flew in bombing and strafing missions. Individual pilots whose names became legendary met in dogfights. Germany's von Richthofen, France's Vaughen, Canada's Bishop, Germanys Göring and such American aces as Rickenbacker, Luke, Loveberry, Vaughan, Springs, Kindley, Landis, Swaab, Hunter. In retrospect, it might be said that aviation itself. has servered is very small part. And the result. Of the World War One conflict. However, it did prove itself. That is it. It was easy to recognize that with proper equipment. in another later time. Aviation might become a real instrument of military warfare. After the war was over, a great many of American boys had been taught to fly. But they didn't get to the front. Of course after the war was over, they had nothing to do, and there were great many surplus airplanes, and that is the period when you hear so much about of the days of barnstorming after the war with all these surplus airplanes. A lot of the fellows who had been taught to fly then decided to go out and carry passengers and do stunts and regular exhibition flying, principally at county fairs and state fairs and things of that sort. Both the Army and Navy Air arms shortly were reduced once again to organizations hardly larger than the membership of a civic club. Yet in both services, the men who remained were uniquely zealous advocates of their calling. Almost to a man, they realized they had only begun to explore the capacities that the airplane offered in size, speed, range and altitude performance. A decade was dawning in American history that was to be known, flippantly, as the era of wonderful nonsense. Beneath its surface corruption, its wild enthusiasms and its extravagant posturing, history now has found that it was a time in which men in many fields of the Arts and Sciences were employing immense physical energy to attain goals of a sober work. Aviation had its share of such men. The accomplishments of the 20's were presaged in 1919 by Man's first flight across the Atlantic Ocean. The NC-4 a large flying boat, whose development had begun during the war, was chosen, as the Navy's pioneer pilot Admiral Towers points out, for the ambitious. Task. When the war was over, the first one was just about completed. So I proposed to the Navy Department that would go ahead the following spring and. Where there's many of these aircraft as could be built by that time that the Navy undertake to be the first to fly the Atlantic. Luckily for me, I was selected to command that expedition. It's all history now. Two of the three airplanes. Landing at sea in very rough water was so damaged they couldn't make it, but the NC-4 made it from Newfoundland to the Azores to Lisbon. Army pilots already had inaugurated airmail service on May 15th, 1918, a service that had been under discussion since 1910. William Boeing, who had entered aviation in 1916, was instrumental in starting the first international airmail service on the North American continent. In 1919. Eddie Hubbard. And I took a flight up to Vancouver, BC. On our return trip. The postmaster at Vancouver handed us a mail sack for delivery to the postmaster at Seattle. This was the first international male ever carried by plane into the United States. What real utility is the airplane actually offered were overshadowed in the public eye by its use as a spectacular, stunning device throughout the pastures and primitive flying fields of the country. The journey could be bought for as little as $50 dollars and men who had flying in their blood preferred to scramble for the few dollars they could make, risking their lives in exhibition flying rather than seeking out pedestrian jobs. As one of them, Dick Depugh cheerfully said, the greatest hazard in flying is the risk of starving to death. Abruptly, the country's attention concentrated on a single man with a single theme. Brigadier General William Mitchell, who had had a distinguished war record, argued that the Mahan doctrine of sea power had been outmoded by the airplane and pleaded for a separate national air arm. He contended in seeking a sixty million dollar appropriation for Army Air services, or about half the cost of a single battleship, that the United States could begin developing an Air Force which could hold mastery of both the air and the seas. Larry Bell was still with Glenn Martin when. That resulted in Congress bringing about a test wherein one of the targets that we were supposed to sink or try to sink was the famous Oster Friesland, the pride of the German Navy, which we had captured. This ship. Was anchored about a hundred miles offshore and six of the Martin bombers went out, they each carrying a two thousand pound bomb. They paraded over the battleship and they dropped the six bombs and only one hit it, and that was by mistake. The rest were timed to detonate at a hundred feet below the surface and it practically exploded the Oster Friesland. At least it ripped the bottom of the ship from. Bow to stern and the ship sank in 4 minutes. The Navy had already begun systematically to broaden the scope of its Bureau of Aeronautics. Many of its men, whose views of the need for air power were not as vehement as Billy Mitchell's, nevertheless already had envisioned carriers as the heart of future striking forces. Admiral Ramsey was the navigator of the Navy's first flat top The Langley. The Langley had at best 14 knots maximum speed. And that's all this wind speed she could generate manufacture. So we had to wait for adequate wind conditions to perform flight operations. The nation's first large aircraft carriers, The Saratoga and The Lexington, were designed and were being built. These great ships. Developing approximately 180,000 horsepower. Manufactured all of the wind that was needed. In the absence of a surface wind for flight operations. The nation accepted the airplane and tacitly agreed with its advocates, but there was still no federal provision for long range planning and procurement. Nevertheless, a corps of designers and manufacturers stayed with the business. And the ceaseless drive to attain longer range and more reliable performance. The airplane, its engine, its components and its instruments steadily were growing more complex. But the primary goal was speed. Roscoe Turner: "I have maintained ever since that I've been flying that there's only one reason for flying, and that is speed. It's 1910 Curtiss, 49 miles an hour, 1910 White 61 miles an hour. 1911 Wyman, 78 miles an hour. 19 and 20 Mosley, 156 miles an hour. Moran In 19 and 22 206 miles an hour and 19 and 25. Doolittle's 232 miles an hour, Jimmy Doolittle a hell for leather pilot whose own cold judgment was that he was essentially a technician. These record flights. Have a very real meaning. Competition has perhaps always been the greatest stimulus to improvement. And out of this competition. Came improvement. Improvements that were. Improvements in the performance of aircraft and the safety of aircraft, and those improvements were immediately applicable to the military and indirectly applicable to commercial aviation. The firm, out of the early 20s, brought forth men who combined technical gifts with a skill of organization. A few such men, like Chance Vought, had formed their own companies and built successful airplanes. Others had served their apprenticeship with Aviations, early pioneers, but now they were branching out on their own. Dutch kindelberger recollects a small episode that launched an enduring company. Even in the 35 years that I've been messing with it myself, there have been vast changes, particularly technically. I can remember very distinctly when at the Martin Company in 1920, Don Douglas, who was then the chief engineer, left to come out to California to start his own business. I helped him pack. We packed up from his office about oh two ordinary condensed milk cartons full of data. In those two cartoons, we put everything that was known and printed. And some of it wrong about the science of aviation engineering. Today, you couldn't pack into this room the index of such technical information, let alone the subject matter. Gene began to get complicated, and from there on came the specialists. A great many great men have contributed to aviation purely as specialists Sperry. One of the greatest. Colonel Clark, who devised one of the first good airfoils. Sam Heron came along on a Cylinders's and his fuel and then Frank Mark with his carburetion devices and later fuel injection. Frank Caldwell with his propeller. Her earliest propellers were all wooden propellers, but they had several shortcomings. They were subject to atmospheric troubles and they twisted out of shape and various climates, and they were also quite thick so that at the high speed at which propeller. Tips. Operated they. They're losing efficiency. Uh, one of the things which we did to overcome this was to develop a metal propeller. Uh, which first was a drop forged aluminum alloy blade being very much thinner than the wooden ones, the efficiency was maintained in better condition. And also they were quite stable in various atmospheric conditions. Sam Herron began working on aircraft engines as early as nineteen nine and shortly went to the Royal Aircraft Factory in England. I came to this country in 1921 and for the next five years was engaged in air cooled cylinder development. It was really the air cooled engine that made fuel development so necessary. The first move was to put tetraethyl lead in the existing gasoline. Later the Air Force got the idea of adding the component. That has the high the high end of the octane scale to the gasoline and that eventually led to 100 octane gasoline. Frank mark. The carburetion and fuel control specialist. Our carburetion work. Has always had to be a good bit like that of the Wright brothers in the respect that we could get little guide from the textbook. The automobile carburetor, of course, was designed to operate on the level the aircraft carburetors have to fly in, dive, even fly upside down. Also they have to go up an altitude where the air is thin. Mock, Hobbs, Perry, Clark, Caldwell, Heron. The singular devotion with which these men and scores of other specialists pursued their particular fields leads. Jim Jack Horner, whose own specialty of aircraft production combined the fruits of all their labours to say: "That heritage. Of. Research. Development background work. That goes into aircraft has continued. Throughout the whole existence of aircraft and the great improvements that have come there too. After that. With flight becoming a little bit more common. I think it's important to realize the fervor with which those individuals. Did carry on their work. It was a passion with them. Then, midway in the 20s, came two events that turned the course of American aviation sharply upward. First, the government adopted the recommendations of President Coolidge's moral board. These call for a sustained aircraft procurement program built on the foundation of a privately operated and technically competitive aircraft industry. Although both military airmen and technologists were convinced that the airplane long before had outgrown its function as a scout, the bulk of our aircraft still consisted of observation planes. Now new, more powerful engines began to emerge for advanced aircraft, which both services had developed. The nation moved rapidly from a third rate air power to international leadership. The second event was the successful Dream Charles Lindbergh made come true. In his single engine, Ryan monoplane Lindbergh had flown the Atlantic nonstop to Paris. Two weeks later, carrying Charles Levine as a passenger. Clarence Chamberlain flew the Atlantic and landed in Germany. First we have all we were trying to beat Lindbergh away, and 2nd we had to keep our plans a deep, dark secret because we had overheard Missus Levine say. "If I thought my Charlie was going in that airplane, I'd burn it up". We finally got away about 6:00 o'clock in the morning on the 4th of June 1927. The first thousand miles to Newfoundland was through was good weather. The only trouble was we had headwinds and our tests on Long Island showed that we could fly for 40 hours with at 100 miles an hour. While on the flight up to Newfoundland we were only making 70 miles an hour and 70 miles an hour for 40 hours is 2800 miles. It was 3200 to land on the other side, leaving the last 400 to swim. Well fortunately, the wind shifted after we left. Newfoundland and as you see, we made it. Lindbergh's lonely adventure gripped the imagination of the world as one of man's most dramatic achievements. The nation turned from its casual cynicism to make the shy young pilot together with the airplane, a shining symbol of the horizon, still beckoning for conquest. A vital factor in the ascendancy of American aircraft had resulted from the work of two companies concentrating on the intensive development of the radial air cooled engine. In this country, Charlie Lawrence was the first one to go into the air cool side and did some quite good work his the. Products being eventually taken over by the Wright company and it was really one of his engines after a couple of major designs and there were really major designs, but one of his engines that powered the Lindbergh flight. Following this came one of the best of all of the power plant engineers George J Mead with his famous Wasp and Hornets which which set up a new standard. These engines had built in superchargers and just about all the modern features. In fact, they are fairly representative of today's engines. Along with this came another of the major developments in the in the power plant that is the turbo supercharger. The turbo supercharger was really quite a long time coming. The French Frenchman by the name of Rateau had originally started to try and get it, but it took the General Electric Company and Doctor Moss to get this thing, which made almost all the difference in the world the unusual engineering accomplishments. Of our American aeronauticsl Industry began to bear fruit. In the late 20s and early 30s, from the military point of view, for the first time, our various types of combat planes were unmatched abroad. Moreover, we found the solid beginning. Of, commercial air transport. I remember very well in one evening when Lindbergh and I were sitting in a small restaurant in Cuba, which we reached on the as the end of a Caribbean flight, and using the menu for paper, we made sketches of a transatlantic Clipper. That was back in 31'. A few years later, the transatlantic Clippers have been produced, created, proved success, and as at present we know that transoceanic flying. Is perfect routine, perfectly self-evident part of our modern life. Jimmy Doolittle pioneered transcontinental nonstop flights. In 1922, I flew from Pablo Beach, Florida, near Jacksonville to San Diego, CA, a distance of about 2200 miles in 22. &nbsp;hours and 20 minutes. In 1931. I flew from. Los Angeles, CA to New York in. 11 hours and 15 minutes. That first flight was the first time that the continent had ever been crossed in less than one day. Second Flight was the first time it had ever been crossed in less than half a day. Meantime, the army and the Navy air arms were making fast strides in developing aviation. They were flying farther, higher and faster. The Air Corps was perfecting its concept of the bomber as a long range strategic weapon. In its exercises, the Navy was demonstrating the soundness of the carrier task force. Individual officers were exploring the use of new instruments and accessories and testing new theories to determine aircraft reliability. Two famous army pilots, Carl Tooey Spaatx and Ira Eakcer, flew seven days in 1929 without landing. The question Mark Flight was an endeavor. To use refueling as a means of keeping a plane in the air for a long time. The driving inspiration behind it, I believe, was our acre on the course between San Diego and Burbank. We passed over the home of Mrs. Spaatz, father, mother, and every time he passed over as he would take my oldest daughter, who was then about six or seven out to see us go overhead. And on the 5th or 6th day she pointed us out to Taddy and said Daddy, there's your daddy up there. He's been up in the air for five or six. five for five days. Don't you think it's wonderful? And Taddy looked up and said it said no. I think it's dumb. But the flight did prove that refueling was practical. General Eacker remembers an incident that forecasts the need for equipment which would permit blind flying. In 1919, flying in the Philippines from Manila to Stotsenberg, our station at that time, I ran into a typhoon and the rain was so heavy that I couldn't see the horizon. I fell in the spin and all of the fact that the Manila Bay was yellow and the rain was darker I was I able to recover from the spin and fly home. To my surprise I found for the first time, but when you can't, couldn't see, you couldn't fly. I described this to Lieutenant Longfellow, later General Longfellow in the Second World War, and we began some crude experiments by hanging a plum Bob down across the instrument board and by putting a carpenters level on the linger on and got so that with these two aides we could fly through cloud through several thousand feet of cloud. And that was one of the early days. Of instrument flying. Ten years after General Eaker's Manila experience Jimmy Doolittle, an association with The Sperry company, tackled the problem. I made the first blind flight, the first completely blind flight, taking off under a hood, flying a prescribed course and landing back under the hood without ever having seen out of the aeroplane. This doesn't sound very important now. But out of that came two instruments, the artificial horizon and the directional gyro, that are today's standard equipment on every commercial aeroplane and every combat military aeroplane. The chain of development led back to General Eaker. During the first transcontinental blind flight. Bill Kepner and I had a very practical but unexpected demonstration of the value of instrument flying. My ship was a P-12 with a hood over it and a similar ship of P-12. Bill followed behind as the safety pilot so that he could tell me to turn right or left to avoid the obstacles or other planes in flight. At one point he was giving me a rather repeated instructions and I could tell by the water seeping into the under the cover that we were in heavy rainstorm. Finally he said hold your present course steadily, I'm going to fly formation on you and four or five minutes he called on the radio again and he said, we've come through the storm now and I can see again. During that period of time you led us through because I couldn't see either. The Great Depression had come. The industry was hard hit, but nevertheless new companies developed to meet the increasing complexity of the airplane and its growing use of metals, electronics and automatic controls. Dutch Kindleberger departed from Douglas to take over North American. Companies were formed bearing the famous names Bell, Fairchild, Northrop, Beech, Cessna, a World War Navy pilot, Leroy Grumman left civil engineering to enter aviation. We know that a conventional airplane. Wouldn't. Get us an order. We finally ended up with the design of the first military fighter with retractable landing gear. For which we got a contract and which proved to be highly successful having the speed for an excess of any current. Army or Navy fighter of that time. A pioneer aviation journalist, Earl Findley, once went to see the Wright brothers, contemporary Thomas Edison. I asked if I could have a short interview with Mr. Edison. You have to get up off of close to him. He put his hand up like this Sayin' Eh?, Mr. Mr. Edison. What do you think of the airplane? Oh the Airplane? And this was after he had been talking to Farman all morning when the biplane. Never amount to a damn. Till they get there, they got to do it different. They have to have something like a Hummingbird. Go up. And go this way and come back this way, that way, this way and come down, he said. And. Well, I. I tried it once, it'aint easy. I got to do on something else. But somebody's gonna do it. But that's remained the opposite side of speed, namely the aircraft that could fly with no speed at all, that could take off from any spot and would not be in need of an airport. at all. The 30's also were the years in which each summer fierce competition was held to determine the best of the airplane breed. Proof of the individual airplanes, engines and pilots came in the National Air races, with thousands looking on, the legendary pilots raced. Doolittle, Hazelip, Turner, Whitman, Levier, Goldbach, Newman, Fuller, Jacqueline Cochran and Flyers still flew against the clock across the continent, across the seas and indeed around the world itself. Falcon, Post, Gatty, Bird, Hughes, Amelia Earhart and wrong way, Corrigan. As the hour swung late in the 30s, the air races were curiously American. For in Europe and Asia. Aviation was not a case of relatively puny efforts, and some, such as America, was providing much of it from individual man and companies. Rather, the vast resources of powerful foreign nations now were thrown behind the construction of air forces designed to subdue the world or to defend against such aggression in the United States. Under the impact of a depression, Congress had scrapped the moral board procurement plan and stopped providing appropriations for 1800. Military airplanes that had been scheduled. On New Year's Day 1936, the Army Air Corps had only three hundred planes fit for war duty. A year later, we had dropped to 6th place among powers and air combat strike. Although our industry was judged to be technically at least 18 months ahead of foreign competition. Premiere Deladier lamented. If I had had 4000 airplanes, there would have been no Munich. France had squandered a first rate air power while she sat behind the Maginot Line. The British too had let the Axis powers outstrip them. Frantically, both countries turned toward the United States, aware that in the very act of running hard to meet crisis after crisis, an emphasis had been placed upon research, experiment and development which gave the United States technically superior. Aviation equipment. So the free world turned to the United States, not only for airplanes but all of those weapons embodying the modern arsenal. To expand its facilities, train workers, and to adapt its job shop operations to techniques of mass production took time. The tooling was still under way when Germany struck. Poland was shattered. Poland and Belgium were overrun. France succumbed Gratitude of every home in our island. In our empire, and indeed throughout the world. Excepting the abodes of the guilty. Goes out to the British airmen who undaunted by odds. Unwearied in their constant challenge of mortal danger. Are turning the tide of war. By their prowess. And by their devotion never in the field of human conflict. Was so much out. By so many. To serve you. Now the stubborn British stood alone. Over Poland, Holland, Belgium and France, Germany's Luftwaffe had demonstrated that the airplane was a vital weapon of modern offensive war. In the skies above England. The Royal Air Force now demonstrated that the airplane was a vital instrument of modern defensive war. The struggle in Europe shook America. A month after Congress had received a bill providing only 61 combat airplanes for the Army Air Corps for the following year, President Roosevelt called for a long range production program of 50,000 airplanes. America slowly mobilized its productive capacity. It began to draft its young men. It sought to train them with wooden guns, cardboard tanks and mock airplanes until it could gear its productive capacity to build the real thing. The war spread. Germany sees Norway turned on its momentary ally, Russia. Overran Greece. Joined its partner Italy in Africa and encouraged its Asiatic ally Japan. Nothing could have convinced the people of America more surely of the bitter nature of modern war than the sneak punch that Japan threw at Pearl Harbor. The nation fell to work to expand its token battle forces and its production into a great tide of men and machines. To train men and to equip them required long months, particularly in aviation. Immediately after the president's pronouncement in 1940, the licenses are given. To the automotive group, largely to assist. And the production schedules which lie ahead. And nevertheless until the end of 1943. The equipment which actually saw service. On the various fighting fronts. All over the world are furnished entirely by the aeronautic lendistry. Because it was a fact that it required. 20 months to two years for the average automotive company. To begin. With their momentum at full flood, the Japanese swept through the Pacific. Jimmy Doolittle and a little band of Flyers carried the war home to them in a joint Navy Air Force operation. I've frequently been asked what was the purpose and what was the effect of the first Tokyo raid. Well, the purpose was to take the war to Japan, to show them that their island was not in Violet. The effect? The effect was to cause them to divert some of their military strength that was needed in the South Pacific to the protection of the home islands. The actual damaging effect. Was very little. Our aeroplanes were on the Hornet. We were intercepted. Just after daylight on the morning of April 18th. 1942 by Japanese surface craft we took off, immediately proceeded to target and. All but one of the planes carried on to the coast of China. We carried one ton of bombs and each one of 16 aeroplanes we dropped 16 tons of bombs on four or five different targets. When you realize that from the Marianas and the later stages of the war, B-29's were carrying as much as six thousand tons of bombs in one operation and dropping them on a single target, you realize how puny our effort was. Slowly, the nation began to regain control of the air and the sea lanes that it had lost in the Pacific. The first great victory was the Battle of the Coral Sea. Captain Thatch, one of the Navy's ablest Flyers and tacticians, remembers that battle and the subsequent Battle of Midway. If you're going to apply the principle of concentration of force, for example, you've got to work with other people and have a good system of teamwork. I think that's one of the reasons why. An attack by a carrier based Air group is so effective it's almost a simultaneous thing, like a 12 punch in boxing. In the Battle of the Coral Sea, for example, the dive bombers and torpedo planes. And the fighters came in almost simultaneously. But the enemy concentrated on the dive bombers. At the same time that let the torpedo planes in, and they did most of the damage, on the other hand. In the Battle of Midway later. The enemy fighters concentrated on the torpedo planes. And the dive bombers came in almost unmolested. I could see them coming down like a huge waterfall and there were practically no misses. They were the ones that did the job. And the Battle of Midway, with its growing stream of trained soldiers, sailors and airmen equipped with improved weapons, the United States and her allies took the offensive. Ramal was driven from Africa. Sicily and Italy were invaded. From their bases in England, American bombers began to strike at the heart of Germany under the direction of General Spaatz. Strategic bombing was one of the ways of winning the And our fighter operations in a large measure developed into a covering operations for the bombers. In order to do that, we had to have the development that had taken place, good radio, so the leader of the fighter outfits. Could not only talk to his own men, but be in communication with the bombers. And in turn get some guidance from ground control stations on the ground by radio. This resulted in a different type of fighting and a different type of operation. But it proved conclusively. In World War Two. That the airplane had developed to such an extent that air warfare. They came a different war altogether than land and sea warfare. Well would deal. A member of the team of designers who created the B-17 saw the airplane altered from a defensive to an offensive weapon. The conception of strategic air bombing was not fully developed at that point. Originally, for instance, the B-17 was built to protect our coast from an invading fleet, and hence it was called the Flying Fortress. But when we got to England, it was obvious that to use these bombers to the greatest advantage that we would have to not only get the enemies of supply lines, but the places where they manufactured his military equipment. The British thought it would be easier to do it at night. They'd have much greater chance of success and would be less vulnerable to. Enemy fighters and they called their bombing saturation bombing. They dropped large numbers of bombs on a large industrial area. The Americans, however, decided that with the B17 and the B24 that they could pinpoint a specific target, for instance the ball bearing factory of Swineford. They, in order to do the job properly, decided that it should be done at daytime where they're. Bomb site was the most effective. Step by step, the allies began sweeping back across the reaches of the Pacific. A terrible cost. We took to Rawa, Saipan, Kwajalein, Guam, Bougainville and the Philippines, setting the stage for the aerial assault in Japan itself at home. The United States had channeled its great energies and its vast technologies to produce in flood the goods of war. And now with our allies, our integrated sea, land and Air Combat team attack. No one in aviation believes that aviation alone. Won the War. We do believe that the war might not have been won. By ourselves and our lives, except that we had control of the air. The massive, intricate, highly trained combat team that America had put together at a stupendous cost dissolved almost overnight. A free people yielded to a free impulse. They demobilized their men and discarded much of their equipment. In the field of aviation alone, they had built an incredible 96,318 airplanes in the war year of 1944. Two years later, the production had shrunk to 1,669 planes, where the civilian aviation interest had turned to stunting and barnstorming at the end of World War One. Now the airplane had assumed the civilian role of a fast passenger and freight carrier. The network of airlines which had sprung up in the 20s and 30s was extended to every corner of the free world for engine transports of ocean spanning range speed millions of passengers across the continent and across the seas. The wartime DC-4 and constellation were followed by faster, farther ranging successors, DC Sixes, advanced constellations, Strato cruisers and such twin engine ships as the 2:02 and 3:40. In a time of spiraling costs, only, air travel grew cheaper. From fewer than 6000 passengers, the airlines had hauled in 1926. They quickly rose to where in 1952 they carried 24 million passengers, 12 billion passenger miles. The Wright Brothers vision was still the goal of virtually all men in aviation, such as Robert Gross, whose industrial team produced the Constellation Series. Of course, it's obvious too. I guess everyone that. The airplane has been preponderantly military since its start many years ago. But there are signs, particularly in the last few years, that perhaps it wasn't always going to be ponderously a military weapon. Man and science must go forward, hand in hand. It can do a lot of things, this airplane, it can bring hundreds of millions of people throughout the world in intimate contact with one another. And contact with one another means understanding. And understanding in the end means peace. Sharon and Taron? with connections to southern Europe, Africa, the Middle East and Far East will all passengers kindly brought their Clipper through Gate number 10. Partly in the wars closing hours, Germany had employed guided missiles brutally but without decisive effect. Simultaneously, England and Germany had put a few airplanes in the air, powered by a radical new type of engine, the jet turbine. The jet became really important in aviation. The accumulated engineering know how that this country had built up with its piston Asian equipment suddenly became very much less important. This event was really a great leveler in engineering background and potential for all countries and we have to start over again to try to regain the supremacy which we had in World War Two. In their March across Germany, Russia had seized Germany's military tools and designs and many of the engineers who were developing the jet. The Russians now increasingly saw the Allied victory, in which they had been a partner, as largely their own. The Western world was either bled white by the war or demobilized. Russia and its Communist allies alone kept their armies intact. Their whole creed was one of forts, and they began imposing that force on Poland, Bulgaria, Romania and Czechoslovakia. Russia's abrupt belligerence forced this country's attention upon the air power we had let melt away. For the third time in little more than a generation, the nation sat about building a modern air arm. This one to be shaped around the fantastic speeds the gas turbine engine provided. Then, in 1948, when the Russians sealed off the land corridors leading to western Berlin, the United States, England and France countered with the famous Berlin Airlift. From their bases outside the Iron Curtain, a steady stream of airplanes flew night and day, supplying West Berlin's 2,000,000 residents with food, fuel and medicine. Finally, the Communists capitulated and reopened the land corridor. Then they sent their minions into war in Korea. There, the United Nations chose to stand and fight. It was a strange, bitter, circumscribed war. The Air Force's prime striking weapon, its Strategic Air Command, was ruled out of bounds. The first sustained jet combat in history took place in a quadrangle of Sky up to 40,000 feet above the Earth, but always South of the Yalu River. Russia said aloft to first rate jet fighter the make. Only the air forces Saber from the United Nations array of fighter planes could match it. It was a war in which transport airplanes flew 7000 miles to deliver material and to return sick and wounded men. And it was a war in which the helicopter, with its ability to fly standing still and land anywhere, did a multitude of jobs, among them transporting literally thousands of wounded from the battlefield to rear area hospitals for prompt surgical attention. Under the impact of Korea, the nation had begun again to turn out modern aircraft in quantities. Monday, Peel, the chairman of the Industries Association that we as an aircraft industry are present time, turning out about 14,000 aeroplanes. At the moment, we are a healthy industry. We have to pour back tremendous amount of funds into research and development funds that we earn when we make the aeroplanes. This is a very healthy thing. It creates competition. We want competition. That's Kindelberger, whose organization built the Saber pictures, the sky 10 miles high as man flies. The speed approaching that of sound. Today we're flying at very great speeds and at very high altitudes. As a matter of fact, up in the area at which a lot of the fighting is being done, around 50,000 feet, we have a different world. It's a thin, blue, dark blue air. The the sun doesn't shine so brilliantly because there's nothing to reflect it. There's no plan of reference for the pilots, such as hills or clouds or sky and such an atmosphere as this. Even a bomber is hard to see. And the trouble? That we are facing future is not the sound barrier. We know how to fly through that now. The thing that is bothering everybody is the thermodynamic barrier. The air flowing over an airplane at these very high speeds by friction will heat up the surface of the airplane. As a matter of fact, if we go Mach #2, which is twice the speed of sound at sea level, the surface of the airplane will get hot. Very rapidly and will stabilize at about 500 degrees, since ordinary aluminum alloy loses half its strength by 350. Degree. And that even titanium and steels begin to give trouble at 500 and 600 degrees, it's obvious that we are in a great deal of difficulty in the future. There also are many things like hydraulic fluid. We don't know how to make hydraulic fluid that won't boil away at this temperature. We don't know how to make packings it won't seize at this temperature, or bearings, or lubricants. In fact, if the bubble with whichever body is familiar gets soft, in which it loses its shape and disappear at 300 degrees. So we have ahead of us a great deal of research. And a long, long time of trouble before we're going to be going anything like the speeds at which our. Magazine supplement writers seem to think we are ready for tomorrow. Modern test pilots who fly at Sonic speeds and incredible altitudes take an equally factual view of their calling. Tex Johnston sums up his philosophy after putting the J-57 powered B-52 through its paces. After 12 years of testing. 10 years in the. Jet fuel. Involving a first jet airplane to fly in this country, the P-59. The first rocket airplane to fly in the United States, the X-1. Incidentally, the first airplane to fly faster than the speed of sound. The B-47, the B52 I believe all the more, and the two old sayings first that one test flight is worth 1000 expert opinions and the other one for the Flyboys. The altitude above you and runway behind you will never do you any good. Chuck Yeager, the first man to fly through the Sonic Barrier, and Bill Bridgeman, a test pilot who has flown almost twice the speed of sound and has piloted a plane at an altitude of 79,000 feet, discussed their calling in language peculiarly their own. Certainly enjoyed the work. Safeway to get into that kind of plan. It's a heck of a lot safer takeoffs. And yeah, and you burn so much fuel when you take off before you get up to the altitude where the airplane could drop you. And I actually, I personally think that's the most fun involved in a flight is when the guy cut you loose, you're just hanging there for a minute. Just like on a roller coaster, yeah. You're pretty close to stall, too. When you came out of there, weren't you? Yeah, with the 29 we stalled at around 2:40 indicated with full fuel load. So one time I remember Jack Ridley, we had a release. Failure and he dropped me out at about 180 indicated and I didn't know which end was up for a while. Well, I I know it's on the skyrocket that when we first dropped that you could kind of feel the stall by watching the boom out there. The boom began to shake while she was on the nipple. I don't know where to see it bend see it. Well, I see it oscillates. And so the airplane has evolved from the rights whose first flights at Kitty Hawk were at speeds hardly faster than an athlete can run, to speeds today, where the bridgemans, the Yeagers and the Johnstons traveled faster than a bullet. Horizons far beyond today's achievements still beckoned. Your name Sir? Frank the law. Have you flown before? Yes, I've flown before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dronescapes [25 likes]: Click the link to watch more aircraft, heroes, and their stories, and missions ➤ https://www.youtube.com/@Dronescapes
Join this channel ➤ https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTTqBgYdkmFogITlPDM0M4A/join
➤ IG: https://www.instagram.com/dronescapesvideos/
➤ TWITTER (X): https://tinyurl.com/m86k2ypf
  2. @TheTrueLM [4 likes]: Never dawned on me that one of the men to invent the aircraft lived long enough to see his invention bring the sun to another country. Crazy stuff bro, great video.
  3. @Gilvan_santi [4 likes]: The Wright brothers and the invention of Angry birds 😂😂😂. Catapult guys
  4. @DonaldWest-w9u4u [2 likes]: And they were white men the genius and creativeivy of the white man
  5. @linguinatorschwartz9309 [2 likes]: The thing about Wilbur and Orville is that they got everything right:

They dreamed up the wind tunnel for testing and got that right.

They got the airfoil right.

They got the wing aspect ratio right.

They used the canard configuration, which turned potential crashes into soft landings.

They got propeller design right, and that's a small miracle.

On the Flyer III, they extended the horizontal elevator out further, making control much easier.

And maybe most importantly, they knew they had to master the issue of control during flight with gliders before moving on to powered flight.

Their approach was analytical, even though they had no formal education.  They out-analyzed many men with far more education and greater qualifications.

The Wrights are the epitome of the American spirit.
  6. @rodneyadamson8270 [1 likes]: One of my sons was born December 17,2003… exactly 100 years after the Wrights flight ❤
  7. @nobodyknows3180 [1 likes]: Way to go!  This documentary video is superb, thank you for putting it together.
  8. @DennisKlaxon-x6e [1 likes]: I clicked on this site to hear and documentary on aviation. I did not click on this site to listen to 45 minutes of the symphonic orchestra. This site is called a documentary but in reality is a musical.
  9. @NoNameBoys92 [1 likes]: 28:11 he said in the 80's he meant 1880  😂😂😂  same language nowadays in a different centurie!
  10. @fightingidiocy7724 [1 likes]: who are all these people? why no names?
  11. @sueburgess7248 [1 likes]: Americans should absolutely BE PROUD of America!
 Americans have invented so much and we should be proud of this fact.
  12. @BoushraNair [1 likes]: Jjdjjdjnd this one was the one I had in
  13. @IslamicRageBoy [1 likes]: It’s important to realize we already had all kinds of tech like trains and cars and fast ships so it must’ve seemed a novelty, not a serious technology
  14. @gfab652: Niceeeee
  15. @bluesky7395: The first motorised flight was made by the Franconian Gustav Weisskopf on the 14 august 1901.....2 years before the wright brothers
  16. @brocktonma.1816: 🇺🇸
  17. @crystalgsimmonsw.725: Franchise means Corporate Insurance Only 1901 it is 2001 issue, most likely outside of the Intuit Training from 1998 bridge?
  18. @crystalgsimmonsw.725: Philosophy Red did not steal your money nor til. 2 heart boxes screaming again?
  19. @BoushraNair: The only way I could get the money back was to send you the check for your birthday gift
  20. @Octave54321: Wilber is the one who thought of researching and solving the flying problem. Orville was recovering from typhoid fever during that time. But he soon caught the bug to figure out how to fly and was equally responsible for their invention of aeronautics as Wilber.

- MINI DOCUMENTARY - Dale Klapmeier, Cofounder of Cirrus Aircraft: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] why don't we all fly the biggest reason people don't fly is because somebody's afraid how do you make it so you're not afraid my name is Dale klapmeyer I am retired co-founder CEO of Cirrus Aircraft we said let's go at this with something new I think my parents thought you know this is crazy it'll never work but they did say something that kind of stuck with me and I said you know what you're young you have nothing so you have nothing to lose go try it yeah go go follow your dream and we played by the car watching the airplanes and she could get an hour of quiet time at the airport cleared to uh Duluth we didn't have any money so we were fixing things that probably should have been replaced but we learned a lot about building and fixing airplanes and more importantly we learned this is what we want to do at that time I thought you know maybe if I could become a banker I could afford to fly don't do anything for money do what you love be passionate about it and if you're passionate about it and you love it you will do it well you'll become the best and the money will follow [Applause] financially an unsuccessful kit manufacturer but we created an incredible following thank you Allen was involved in a mid-air Collision in 1985. Allen had just taken off he's in our parents 182 the two airplanes collided about a mile and a half north of the airport the other airplane went in Allen lost four feet of the wing on the but was able to get the airplane back on the ground safely there has to be something else where the pilot has an out three two one when you pull that handle you just gave the insurance company the airplane it's there to save the people and for that it's been very successful maybe the biggest thing that we've brought to Aviation is the cockpit we would go to the auto dealers Alan and I and we always have a tape measure with and we started measuring everything in a car thank you when we started designing the SR20 the top goal was that my wife had to want to fly because I learned quickly if he doesn't want to fly I don't get to fly if we can keep making it easier and easier to fly think how big this industry should be it's a huge Game Changer in this industry [Laughter] follow your dream whatever it is follow your dream go at it as hard as you can and see where it takes you

  Top Comments:
  1. @LMays-cu2hp: Very nice.
  2. @Pilotc180: An award for designing a plane so flawed it needs a built in parachute?
  3. @bgmstudiosng: Great documentary.

- Pizza Delivery to Phenom 300: Shaun Dawson's Pilot Story: Kind: captions Language: en There was an American Airlines twin engine, you know, one of their regional uh prop airplanes was descending into Alliance and I I was just kind of flying around in the practice area and there a kind of shadow came over the cockpit and I heard this loud noise and the airplane jiggled and I looked over out the side window. In my mind's eye, this thing was, you know, a couple hundred feet away from me. This this jet that was descending into the alliance. In real life, it was probably way farther than that, but it was way closer than I would have really liked to been. I mean, it scared me. Actually, that was a moment of truth for me because I turned back towards the airfield. I was like, I got to get out of here. I got to get on the ground. >> Welcome to the Aviation Mentors podcast. The podcast that takes your dreams of flight and turns it into reality. >> Sponsored by Stra Financial, financing your flight training for pilots by pilots. I'm Brandon Martin, a commercial pilot and flight instructor. >> And I'm Carson Vasquez. I'm a private pilot. >> Whether you're a seasoned pilot or beginner with dreams of flight, Aviation Mentors is your source for expert insights, industry trends, and inspiring stories. >> So, fasten your seat belts and prepare for this incredible journey through the skies. >> And stay connected with us in social media for exclusive content. And visit our website at www.avviationmentors.com and let us be your co-pilot on this adventure. Welcome back everybody to another awesome and of course amazing episode of the Aviation Mentors podcast. Thank you so much for joining us today. Today, you'll notice I am solo. Uh there is no Carson here today. He is not feeling well. So, I am taking it over. And uh that means I get to say his outro, which I'm really excited about. Uh because he really loves saying that outro and when I get to take it feels feels liberating. Uh but today we actually have a guest. So, it's not just me talking to you today. Um although I know you always love that, of course. I'm just kidding. Uh but we have a fantastic uh guest today. His name is Shawn Dawson. Shawn is a San Diego based software engineer and GA pilot. That means general aviation if you're new. Uh who caught the flying bug at 17 years old in Texas. I know my son's starting to uh to catch that bug right now. He's telling me he wants to become a pilot almost at 15. Uh he funded his lessons by delivering pizza and practicing touchand goes in Microsoft Flights in between sessions after the classic story of running out of money and time. You know, that kind of happens to all of us. and he made his way back through gliders, earned a tail endorsement, flew a 1947 Champ, uh solo from Texas to San Diego, eventually added instrument commercial, and a typewriting, which we'll talk about later on, uh to his log book. He's also the owner of Enflight, maker of the popular Nomad Mic Adapter, and the newly launched Ascent headset, and hosts the Raising Men podcast on parenting and masculinity. So, welcome to the podcast, Sean. Thank you so much for being uh with me today, >> Brandon. Thank you so much. I love that intro and I I was told I was going to be talking to Carson and I I mean I showed up I was all excited about talking to Carson and and this was a bait and switch. >> Bait and switch. It's the way we do it here. >> I know sometimes you get both of us, sometimes you get one of us, but today is the day you get me. And uh I'm looking outside today and I'm pretty excited. Even though it's very cloudy in Southern California, they are getting ready for the Newport Beach boat show. >> Nice. outside and I can't wait till all the giant boats get out there. I think it's like next weekend, so I am ready for that. >> Yeah, that's exciting. That's a great boat show up there. I've been there. >> Yeah, come on down. We can come hang out in person if you want to come check it out. >> I would love it. >> Well, let's just kind of hop on in. Uh I want to know um what what got you started with flying? What got the flying bug in your your head? And uh and what do you love about it? When I was uh 13 years old, my my dad uh had a good friend who was the owner of a helicopter service and I ended up getting to go on a helicopter ride and that is actually what infected me. I ended up spending kind of my whole summer uh for a couple years with this guy and just hanging around the helicopter service, flying around in helicopters. He taught me how to do some stuff. And I remember looking down uh we were landing at Riverside Airport and I remember looking down and watching a biplane uh land at at at Riverside Airport underneath uh the helicopter. I was we we were flying and it looked like it was fake. I could get how a helicopter could fly because it you know like blows the air down, right? And but but an airplane, how does that work? And I just remember being in awe of that and that got me into studying and it got me thinking about it and it got it working in the back of my head. And when I I was 17 years old, I was in high school. My best friend at the time and I were, you know, just goofing off after school one day and we thought, let's go get pilots licenses. And and that's what started it. I um as you said, I delivered pizzas during the week in South Lake, Texas to at a brand new Pizza Hut. And I and that would earn me enough money to be able to afford my flying lesson on Saturdays. And it took me about six or seven months before I actually was able to um uh to get my license, but uh just because I didn't have much money. six or seven months is pretty quick in the scheme of things for a lot of people are doing this as a uh as a hobby. So, I mean, you busted your butt to make that happen. And uh sometimes that's what's needed in life. You got to go bust uh bust yourself and and uh and work hard, then you get you get success. And that success is in form of a pilot certificate, it sounds like. >> Yeah. Yeah. And it helped that I was flying out of kind of an uncontrolled field um kind of out in the middle of nowhere in Texas almost. It was a Hicks field. Uh, Tango 36 is the or was the um uh the uh the identifier I now it's now an air park. >> Oh, nice. Okay. >> Yeah. Yeah. And um uh but yeah, and it was at the time it was the cheapest place in the entire world to learn how to fly. My uh Cesa 152 rate was was uh $50 an hour wet and my instructor was was 15. >> Wow. Yeah, I I've talked about this a couple times in the past. Uh when we look at how much things cost back then and compared to today, and I haven't done the analysis, and I think since like 2019, but when I did it in 2019, I ran the analysis because I used to hear the old-timers say when I was learning to fly, it cost me a $150 an hour and I can't believe you're spending $150 an hour or 120 back then when I did the analysis. And I actually looked at the price of the dollar and I ran what it would look like and it's actually cheaper. Well, it was in 2019. I think it actually went higher now. But in 2019, it was actually cheaper to get your pilot certificate than it was back in like the 50s and 60s when it was a dollar. >> No kidding. That doesn't surprise me. >> So, it felt like it would be cheaper, especially when you go talk about it stuff like that, but definitely definitely was not. Um, which is really interesting. Um, I know that we mentioned uh on the intro that I used a lot of Microsoft Flight Simulator. And the reason why I want to talk to you about that is when I used to own my flight schools, I had this one guy who came in. He said he's never flown in an airplane before and he was like 17 years old and he came in and knew every single thing about my steam gauge 19 um 80 Cessna 172 November model. He literally knew everything. He knew exactly where everything was at. He knew flap settings. He knew air speeds. He knew VS speeds from from uh red line uh all the way down to rotation, right? He knew them all. And I was like, "You've never flown a plane before?" I thought he was one of those guys who like you they come over and they like they're already an airline pilot or something and they just fake it. And this kid, he couldn't land. Uh but he could get really really really close. Like he took off by himself. He did everything on his own because I made him brief me on it before and I was like, "You know what? This demo flight, who knows? This could be like a prodigy." And I like begged him for me to give him a scholarship for like $5,000. >> Wow. >> And he said, "No." Uh cuz he wanted to go to some big university. I think his parents wanted him to go to university, but I was like, "You can't. You're going to be like the best pilot I've ever met." And it was because he used Microsoft Flight Sim since he was like 10 years old every single day. like that was his passion. And so I saw that now he had a whole just in the one 45 minute flight that we did together or maybe an hour. I went a little long for this kid because he deserved it. And I could not believe how good he was. And um and it he did have bad habits that were going to have to be broken. For sure he had bad habits. Uh and that was the only downside I saw to all of that. But since you used Microsoft Flight Sim to practice, what do you think that did for you as a aspiring pilot or or or even after you became a pilot? >> Yeah, Brandon, it was everything, frankly. You know, uh even even at uh you know, $65 an hour, my my uh my flight lessons were pretty expensive for me as you know, a 17-year-old high school student whose only source of income was delivering pizzas. And so Microsoft Flight Slim gave me just a ton of just wrote experience just being able and and literally all I did until I soloed was touchand goes at Meig's field in Chicago which doesn't exist anymore and I'm sure it's not the default field for uh for Microsoft Flight Simulator anymore. And back then the flight simulator is very I mean it was very good. It worked fine. it it properly uh dealt with the mechanics, but it was, you know, it's not like today where I mean, they have virtual airlines today where you you know, you're in charge of the 747 and if it's in New York and it needs to be in Miami, you got to fly it there and and stuff like that. Back then it was, you know, you're kind of on your own. But I'll tell you, I I uh I soloed in something like four and a half hours. >> Oh my gosh. just simply because I you know I that was that was a month right because I'm doing one lesson a week and in that intervening time I had six days of touchand goes uh with Microsoft Flight Simulator and and I felt really really really comfortable um but it gave me bad habits as well and I didn't have checklist discipline I didn't in fact on my very first solo flight outside of the airport environment. I forgot to turn my transponder uh to out. >> Yeah. >> And I almost got in midair as a result. >> Wow. So the the area the airport I used to fly it's called Hicks airfield is really close to Alliance airfield in Fort Worth and there was an American Airlines um twin engine, you know, one of their regional uh prop airplanes was descending into Alliance and I I was just kind of flying around in the practice area and there a kind of shadow came over the cockpit and I heard this loud noise and the airplane jiggled and I looked um out the side window. And I mean, in my mind's eye, this thing was, you know, a couple hundred feet away from me. This this jet that was descending into alliance. In real life, it was probably way farther than that, but it was way closer than I would have really liked to been. I mean, it scared me. And I actually, that was a moment of truth for me because I turned back towards the airfield. I was like, I got to get out of here. I got to get on the ground. And I was kind of panicking and I realized I just was like, "Okay, first of all, this is not a safe mental state to be able to land the airplane in. So, I need to relax. I need to calm down." I did turn my transponder on and I need to get to a a mental place where I'm not this amped up anymore. And so, I flew around for another 10 or 15 minutes and I was calm and I was relaxed and I kind of got my wits about me. And I was then I headed back to the airport and uh I landed without incident. But if if I had gone home, if I had landed in that state, number one, I'm not sure that I could have landed safely. Number two, I don't think I ever would have gotten back in an airplane again. >> That is a phenomenal story because it teaches you that it's only you up there when you're doing your first solo and you have to overcome all those problems and most of it is a mental capacity uh to be able to do so. Um, I mean, I went scuba diving last weekend and uh there was one person who came with us and we were doing a deep dive and they just started freaking out and they were like, "I need to go to the surface. I need to go to the surface." I'm like, "No, you don't. If you go to the surface, you're going to be going to a to a chamber. Calm down. Relax and and you will be fine." And of course, he was fine. Um, and he did calm down and he was okay. But the same thing happens in flying. And uh and that's primary truth of it right there. Uh on a side note, I looked up Hicks Airfield. I want to see what the uh what the identifier was. I looked up Tango 36 first because I figured, oh, maybe that was it. It is Tango 67. >> Tango 67. Yes. Okay. I'm mixing it up with another airport. >> So, uh so now we know it is Tango 67. Uh Hicks Airfield um in Fort Worth, right? >> Fort Worth, Texas. That's exactly right. >> Yeah, that's it. And you are right. It did turn into a uh >> Yeah, an air park. Yeah, it's park. >> It's a cool little air park. There used to be this great restaurant there. It's it's it's a neat place. It's a great place to visit. >> Well, I'm seeing the runway right now. It looks like it's runway 32 is the main runway. >> Yep. >> It's cool to kind of go back and think about some of those things. Um luckily, I still fly at Riverside Airport and that's where I did my first solo at U which is K. Run me off of Lima. So, it is it's a fantastic thing. >> I love it. Outside of that, I know you ran out of money and you went to school. You did all those things. I guess uh your girlfriend ended up getting you glider lessons that reit the fire. >> That's right. >> Tell me about that. I know I've towed a lot of gliders and I've only taken a few glider lessons. I think I've got five hours in gliders. I never soloed gliders, never did anything like that. I just never put the time into it. But I really loved towing them. Um I just didn't love flying them as much. I guess I like the engine perspective. Uh but tell me a little about that. >> I love towing gladders as well. Um, I uh I still occasionally do that. It's It's been harder to do since I've since I've had kids. Um, but uh, you know, I I will still go out and tow gliders every once in a while. Um, but I yeah, getting back into gliding, my my girlfriend at the time, she's now my wife, bought me um uh bought me lessons, glider lessons. And this I hadn't been flying for 15 years. >> Oh, wow. and it absolutely gave me the bug. And and now, you know, for a long time I didn't have any money and then I didn't have any time. Um and then at this point I had barely enough of both of those things. And um uh I went down to um uh Midway Regional Airport in uh it's in near Wakahhatche, Texas. JWY is the identifier there. And there's this amazing school called Big Q Aviation. It is just an absolute delightful place. You you go there, you you want to just hang out there because they bring the spirit of aviation and there's usually just a bunch of pilots hanging around. And it was um it was amazing. It was absolutely amazing. Just the energy around this place was invigorating. And I went down there. I had my first um glider lesson in in a in a Grobe 103 and >> I've flown one of those before. >> Yeah, it was it was the arerobatic version and it just absolute fantastic platform, a great learning platform as well and it just absolutely caught the bug. I recommend everybody should get their glider rating. It it gave it gives you a sense of you know I remember thinking um I was almost scared of of landing and you know what happens if I have to go around and a trepidation about going around and all of these things. Well glider you don't have the option of going around. >> And but you're you're also going a lot slower and you have a lot of control of of how far your glide is with your spoilers and all this stuff. It just gives you this confidence in being able to control your airplane and land your airplane. And if you need to I I remember uh after I got my glider rating, I sat down I and I got checked out in a CTLS, which is a light sport airplane. Kind of a funky little platform, but pretty modern. It's got a nice u um uh flat panel display and all that stuff. Cool airplane. I I was getting checked out in it so that I could fly my girlfriend down to Austin for a weekend. And we were really, really, really high on final and the instructor goes, "Oh, no way you can get down from here." And I looked over and I go, "I can get down from here." And just put in this nice slip in there and and landed perfectly on the numbers and he was like, "Wow, I I I can't believe it." And he was a power guy. I'm a glider guy. If you have to get down in a glider and you're over the runway, well, you know, you you don't really have a choice. you've got to figure out how to get there and it just gives you a real confidence. I feel the same way about acrobatic flying. I I don't I don't I I think that there is a place where the the riskreward gets a little bit too on the risky side, but at the primary level or even the sportsman level, I think everybody should kind of experience that because you just you don't realize how much of flying you're kind of scared of because you haven't experienced it. And so you need to go out and train your lizard brain and and get out there and experience it. And gliding was like that for me. That is so rad. >> You know what time it is, Carson? >> Time's a brain. >> It's time to talk about one of our favorite companies. >> Which company would that be? >> Aviation Mentors is excited to be sponsored by the one and only Stratus Financial, dedicated to supporting the next generation of future aviators. >> You know, Stratus Financial really understands the financial challenges that students face in pursuing their aviation dreams. That's why they offer student loans specifically tailored to aspiring pilots. With competitive rates and flexible repayment plans, Stratus Financial helps take your aviation education to new heights. So go visit their website today at www.stratus.finance. Just to be clear, that is not.com. It's finance and embark on your journey towards a sky full of possibilities. >> Carson, it's time to get back to what we do best, the show. >> The show. >> I want to transition to uh to something else actually because I have kind of a a something that I have as well. You had a Acroduster. Is that correct? >> A Starduster. Starduster 2. >> Starduster 2. So when we talked earlier, I thought you said Acroduster and I had an Acroduster one, not a Starduster one. Okay. >> Um and it was this little orange baby biplane, single C biplane. I never ended up flying it. >> Um because it needed quite a bit of stuff to get airworthy on it. Uh, but I did taxi it around and it was a little it was fun to taxi around and I ended up selling it to uh to my dad's best friend who owns restaurants and now it sits at a restaurant called Heroes Bar and Grill uh in Eastale uh California and there's a bunch of different Heroes all over Southern California. He's a restaurant tour that's got five or six locations now. And it sits above the bar um and uh and it's it's pretty it's pretty cool just kind of sitting there and he has the I pulled the engine out of it. I ended up selling the engine myself. It was an 0360. It was like grossly overpowered. If I would have flown this thing, I thought I might kill myself. It was like crazy overpowered. And that's probably the reason why I didn't get it fully put together. I didn't have the experience in a single seat biplane. >> Yeah, that's scary. I I that would be scary. I agree. For me, even. >> Yeah. I mean, single seat biplane, super short wheelbase, like no margin for error whatsoever. And I just don't have enough tail wheel time to feel confident in that. Yeah, I have a I have a ton of tail wheel time and I don't think I would feel comfortable with that. And I've got biplane time. I've got, you know, I've got a lot of time in the Great Lakes. I've got a lot of time in the Starduster. The Starduster. Uh the Acroduster um really small. Uh I I I'm 6'5, 230 lbs. Um I am not going to fit in an Acroduster. I've tried. My my my legs are actually too long. I hit the dash and I I actually don't physically fit in that thing. >> That's hilarious. It's more than just uncomfortable, but that Starduster 2, it's built for a big guy. And uh that was man, that was a that was a really really great airplane and unfortunately got taxied into a 172 and total. >> Well, I know you also had something that happened in that as an emergency. And part of being a pilot is dealing with emergencies as we've talked about and shaking off whatever happened that goes bad uh with you, right? So tell us about the emergency you had in that Starduster and and kind of something you learned from that. >> The main emergency that happened in that um in that aircraft was one of my partners in the aircraft. He was flying it around and we had just installed a inverted oil system so that we could do arerobatics in that and um to test it he you know flipped it upside down and flew around for a minute and flipped it back right side up. And when he did that, he noticed that the the digital gauge that read our oil pressure dropped to zero. But the digital gauge in that airplane was squirly. It was weird. And it would drop to zero at random times. And so he didn't trust the gauge. Turns out that one of the failure modes of this inverted oil system can be that the little shuttlecock that that controls um the oil flow can get stuck in one position or another which and you can lose oil pressure if you flip inverted. It gets stuck in the inverted position. You flip back um right side up and it's the shuttlecock is still stuck there and it shuts off your oil. He flew around in that thing for 45 minutes with no oil pressure. >> Do you think he could have flown it upside down and it would have had oil pressure? >> That's exactly how he would have need to needed to fix it. It would had to fly upside down. it would have gotten oil pressure and then fly right side up again and maybe it would have that would have cleared the problem or he would have had to shut the engine off and turn it back on which also would have been a thing to do. Um in this case he didn't believe the indicator which you should never have an indicator that you can't believe in your aircraft. Never ever ever allow yourself to be in this position. >> Agreed. >> We didn't have that discipline back then. We do now. Um and so he um ended up his engine seized up partially over Lake Wolfford uh which is uh what's the identifier for that? 8 CL1 Charlie Lima 1. And um this airport is insane. It is very it's pretty short. It's very narrow. It sits at the top of a mountain. There are some updrafts that happen that that are right. It's kind of like landing in Catalina. >> Yeah, >> it's the same that same sort of thing. I have literally I've flown in there half a dozen times and have literally never successfully landed on my first approach. I've had to go around every single time I've ever landed at this airport. >> That's crazy. And this guy lost his engine uh right near that airport, heads for the airport, sticks the landing, rolls out, and it's the airplane is other than the fact that the engine is toast perfectly. The engine is not nobody gets hurt. The the airplane is not damaged. And it it it was a it was a miracle that >> I'd fly with that guy any day. >> Absolutely. Absolutely. Uh yeah, he was he was uh one of my instrument instructors eventually as well. He's a he's a he's a great pilot. And um uh so yeah, that was that was a tremendously scary experience. We ended up replacing the engine uh and then I had an emergency in that thing um that really scared me. We had an electronic ignition and I was taking off uh in this case I was I was taking off out of uh Montgomery Airfield. um Mikey Yankee Fox trot and um it just wasn't generating very much power. I was able to get maybe 150 feet a minute and this thing normally was able to climb at 1,000 feet a minute off the ground and it was it just didn't feel right. And so I um I'm really really low and there is there is no place to land. If you lose your engine on um on takeoff at Montgomery Airfield, it's a real real problem. >> Yeah. I've flown out of there a lot of times. >> Yeah. And and so I turned down one, a real low downwind. I asked the the tower to let me land. Um I told him I wanted to stay in the pattern and I landed. I should have declared an emergency, which is another lesson I've learned. always declare an emergency. >> Mhm. >> And uh I I ended up landing I ended up flying a very abbreviated um uh very short pattern. I maybe got up to 500 feet and I landed that airplane and I would never have flown it again. It ended up getting destroyed a little while later. Um but uh but I never would have flown it again. It really really really scared me. And the reason it happened is that the electronic ignition started misfiring. >> And so the fix would have been to switch it over to mags only and that would have been fine. I I didn't know that at the time and I didn't even occur to me to try. Uh, I don't know if I would have had the guts to try cuz I was climbing. And so I, you know, switching what if, what if I switched over to the electronic ignition and that killed the engine and now I'm I'm 400 feet above the ground with a dead engine in a place with no outlanding opportunities. I probably would have and because I was okay, I probably would have gone ahead and flown kept climbing up to at least thousand feet, however long that took me, and then tried fiddling with it or a landed just like I did. Um, but man, that was that was a harrowing experience. >> I think that's a uh that's a really big thing for students to learn. Um, and even even tenure pilots like yourself or me. I think that if you don't know your PO and in this case your supplemental PO um you can get yourself in hairy situations and I've been in several I've talked about them on the podcast before and it sounds like you've had your fair share as well and it's just part of what happens as you are a pilot long term. If you go to the airlines you're going to have some you're going to have an emergency at some point too. Uh hopefully it's not a big one like a sully event. Uh hopefully it's just something small something breaks and you've got to get it fixed. Uh but these are the things that happen as your pilots and you have to be prepared for it. There's a reason why uh it takes so much time and effort to get type ratings. Uh you have to know that exact plane and with that caveat I would like to ask you a little bit about uh kind of you went from getting your instrument commercial and then you got a typewriting. Um I'd love to know did you do that on purpose? Did you just say hey I just want to go get everything because I want to go fly this uh uh this big plane. uh or did you just kind of accidentally stumble upon it and see where it all happened and then on top of that what was the type? >> Yeah, so that's a great question. It was a it was a mixture of both of those things. Um, it's always been a bucket list item for me to fly jets and uh I I uh I met a guy who ran a um a part 135 operation and got to talking about him and we we ended up driving out to um Berego together and you know so we had that whole drive where we were just chatting about stuff and what we ended up chatting with on the drive out there and on the whole drive back was uh what it's like getting a jet rating. The fact that he had he was managing a Phenom 300 that um he could use extra pilots for. The market was booming and so you know he says, "Yeah, you wanted to get your 300 rating, I could put you to work and it would pay for itself and I would at least break even." And so I was like, "Man, I got to do this." And uh it took me about nine months to get a training slot. And that should have been an indication to me that that this was not necessarily the smartest plan in the world because I eventually did get a training slot. Went to Dallas, got my rating. It took me about a month. Um by the way, one of the hardest things I've ever done. Um I was, you know, this was my first jet rating. Everybody else in my class, they are they this was a supplemental rating for them. they had they had other jet ratings and so it was kind of like taking physics and and everybody else in the class knows calculus but you don't and so you have to learn both things. Um and then uh and then I I got my uh my PIC rating in the Phenom 300. That's also if I had it to do over again I would have gotten an SIC rating. That's way easier. >> Way easier. and it doesn't, you know, you can't act as PIC in pretty much your first year anyway, the way that the the requirements work out. And so there's not an additional benefit in doing the extra hard thing and then when you go back to get your rating again, you can get you can get the harder rating and it's easier. Um, but I really I really struggled with it, but it was really a phenomenally valuable experience. I loved it. Um the uh the bottom kind of fell out of the market by the time I I graduated from my training course and I ended up not actually getting to do to to work for that part 135 operation for very long. But I do have the rating. Um and uh and uh the bucket list item is checked off and I'm really glad I did it. It was uh but it's a tremendously difficult experience. >> Yeah. I mean, I did an SIC type rating uh where I didn't have to go to school. I just got to get trained by the PIC um in a Grumman Albatross, which I've talked about a lot, and it is one hell of a cool airplane. >> Yeah, those are so neat. I would love to do that. >> Yeah, I mean, it's it's worthwhile. I I want to do a PBY Catalina next. I really like SE planes, obviously. Um and uh I think that's probably what I'll do is PBY Catalina next. I'll just do the SIC. I don't need PIC either. I mean, where am I ever going to go fly one unless I go buy one one day, which anything is possible. Well, I know we've been talking for quite a while. I want to ask you something about your company, which is Enflight, and uh I know that I actually before I met you and you started talking about uh Enflight on our intro call, I was like, "Your name of your company sounds really familiar." And I figured out that I have a whole bunch of products uh in my my old flight bag that I used to use all the time. And my two favorite ones that I used um was the the filter uh the propeller filter because it allows you to hook up a uh GoPro and then you not see the propeller just spinning around which was super rad and I use that quite a bit. And then the other one was recording the audio on your um uh through your headset. So I can record ATC audio and my audio all at the same time and that didn't exist. It's still I think you might be the only one that has that product out and it's a phenomenal product. I love it uh so much and uh I haven't done many many recordings lately and although we keep on saying I'm going to do it, I haven't done it lately, but now I probably need to pull that cord out and uh set up my GoPros somewhere and actually go do some fun flights. So, how did how did you get involved in that company? Um kind of a short version of it. And I'd love to know what your kind of favorite product is. Yeah, you know, I um um I I was also a a customer an unwitting customer of this company long ago and uh and before I got involved with it and um the uh I the the the two products that you mentioned were also the two products that I had, the GoPro filter and and the um and the audio cable to that goes to the GoPro. We also have audio cables that go into smartphones and that sort of thing if you want to record uh the audio. The um but it's yeah it's interesting how I got involved. I became aware of the owner and he uh was interested in getting out of the company. And at that time, a buddy of mine and I were looking at ways that we might uh you know, kind of get get into aviation companies and, you know, have ways of of you know, having excuses to fly and that sort of thing. And uh so we ended up uh buying the company from the founder. Uh and we're actually we uh the way that it worked out is we kind of we kind of uh bought the company and then tried to make the the the operations a little bit more standardized and rigorous and uh and now we still we actually still work with uh the founder and we do a lot of projects together and and I think from his perspective it um it allows him to kind of work on the aspects of the business that are enjoyable to him and and we work on the rest of it and uh and it works out really really really well. Um I love those those two products as well. Um we also have a whole um uh a whole set of products over on the the microphone side. Um uh so inflightmic.com or inflightnomad.com which is where we sell um uh headset products. And so we've got a product that is that will turn uh consumer grade headphones into aviation headsets. That's our microphone product. And then we've also just recently come out with our Ascent headset which is just uh really really exciting. I I'm I'm jazzed about that company. I think um it's a it's a great company. We have unbelievable customer support. Uh all of our everybody in the company is a pilot. Uh, everybody in the company uses all of our gear and um, we just uh, yeah, you know, it's just uh, it's it's an enjoyable experience to call our our tech support and most of the people that call end up just being really really big fans of the company. I'm really proud of it and um, it's it's been a really it's been a great experience and I uh, I love being a part of of the endeavor. Well, I love it. And um what a what a cool story to uh to hear. And I know you're an entrepreneur like me and and uh sometimes those those new businesses or passion businesses are sometimes the most fun. I know I'm opening up my wine bar um which I don't know if I told you about yet, but uh that'll be coming I think the first week of June. I'm actually going to get the keys to it in 12 days or 13 days. >> Wow. Well, I'll I'll come up and uh we'll have to get together up there. I'll be one of your first clients. >> I love it. I love it so much. So, it'll uh it'll be a blast and it's just a fun endeavor of mine uh that I've been wanting to do since I've been working on my W set uh SOAM stuff. Um the last question I want to kind of ask you and then I'll I'll ask where where we can reach you at is if you can give yourself one piece of advice back when you were just starting. So, let's just say we're talking to new 15, 16, 17year-old teenager right now who wants to become a pilot or even somebody in their mid20s and they're tired of their day job and they want a new career and and they're looking for some adventure. Um, what's one piece of advice you'd give to somebody brand new that's just starting out? >> What comes to mind for that is always be learning. You know, the the the cool thing about being a pilot is it's like it's almost like a real live video game. There is just constantly another level to go to, another um just another place to get another rating to go for all of that stuff. And every single thing you do, every certificate you earn, every rating you earn, everybody you meet increases your sense of comfort and and the size of your comfort zone. Um, I'm, you know, like I said, getting my glider rating was a real formative experience for me and it really helped me get a lot more comfort and a lot more um confidence in my abilities with the aircraft. Same with same with my uh my instrument rating. Oh my gosh, what what an experience that was. >> Oh yeah. >> Commercial every single thing. It just tightens the tolerances and just makes you better and it makes you more confident. when I went up to to learn arerobatics, all of a sudden, you know, I was I was afraid to stall the airplane. I wasn't I was afraid to do anything. I go up in in um to to learn arerobatics in a Yak 52 um with an old dosif instructor and this guy within three days has me doing inverted flat spins and getting out of them. I mean, from a from a from a from a place of being afraid to stall the aircraft because, oh, I don't know about that to a place where I'm going upside down and putting it into an inverted flat spin and then recovering from that and doing it safely and doing it confidently. Um, I can I can put the airplane into a spin. You you know, one of the the very first maneuver you do in the in the arabatic primary sequence is a one and a half turn spin. You angle up to to 45 degrees and then you put the airplane into a spin and you're supposed to recover at exactly one and a half turns. And you know, think about that. Think about that. That from going from a place where I don't know about spins to a place where you can spin on demand and with precision, it just absolutely changes your world view about the capabilities of the aircraft and the capabilities of you as a pilot. It is so important to do. And so I would think, you know, just look at as as a lifelong learning uh experience and endeavor. And man, make a lot of friends. Pilots are the friendliest people in the world. We're all part of this club. It's not a big club. And you know, you can go up and talk about to any pilot about his airplane and you will be you will be you will have a friend. >> I fully agree. I've been to so many parties where I run into the one pilot and all we do is we hang out and talk about airplanes all night long. >> Absolutely. And then your wives just go, "Oh man, there's another pilot here." >> I know. It It turns and now it's that or wine for me. So if I find one of two people that are into those two things, it's like no one's going to talk all night. Only this. So um so cool. Well, thank you again for being on the show. If anybody would like to um to reach out to you or find your company or anything like that, where can people find you? uh and uh and your related companies. >> Yeah, you know, uh my email address at nflight is sean shaunflighttech.com. Um you can find us at nflightcam.com or inflightmike.com. Um and uh that's probably the best way to reach me. And uh you man, I love hearing from people. Um you can talk to our support at supportenflightcam.com. That's that'll that'll get to everybody in the company. And um yeah, give us a call. uh send me an email, whatever. I love to love to chat. >> Fantastic. Well, uh thank you again for joining us today. Um for all of our listeners, if you'd like to reach out to either me or Carson, you can reach on our emails, branded aviationmentors.com or Carson at for, of course, for our producer Mark, it is producer at if you would like to be a guest on our show as well. Uh remember, the best way to reach us is to follow us on LinkedIn. So, please check out our LinkedIn handles. Uh you'll find the most uh greatl looking Brandon or Carson right at the top of the page when you search our names. Uh please don't forget to hit like, follow, subscribe, and share on whatever streaming platform you happen to be listening or of course watching us on today. We thank you for uh supporting us and uh for listening today or watching, uh it's a huge part of helping us grow the podcast and of course uh help uh future pilots and grow the aviation community. So, thank you so much. And as Carson always says, and I am so lucky I get to say it on his behalf today. As we wrap up the day, remember we're here to guide you on your aviation journey. So, fly safe. Enjoy the day.

- Members of International Flying Club own plane that crashed in west suburbs: Kind: captions Language: en LATEST FOR US ON THIS. KATE WELL, JUDY, WE DO HAVE AN UPDATE TO SHARE WITH YOU DUE PORT, AIRPORT, DUPAGE AIRPORT OFFICIALS SAY THAT THIS AIRPORT HAS PARTIALLY REOPENED. >> AS YOU CAN SEE BEHIND ME, INVESTIGATORS STILL ON THE SCENE NOW, THE TASK AHEAD WILL BE FIGURING OUT WHAT CAUSED THAT PLANE TO CRASH. AS WE LEARN MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THE OWNERS OF THAT AIRCRAFT, CHOPPER SEVEN CAPTURING THIS VIDEO FROM SHORTLY AFTER THE CRASH. YOU CAN SEE HOW BADLY THAT PLANE WAS DAMAGED. DUPAGE AIRPORT OFFICIALS AND THE FAA SAY JUST BEFORE 2 P.M, A PIPER PA 30 CRASHED SHORTLY AFTER TAKING OFF AT. THE TWO PEOPLE ON BOARD WERE PRONOUNCED DEAD AT THE SCENE. THE AIRPORT TEMPORARILY WAS SHUT DOWN, WAS CHICAGO POLICE AND THE WEST CHICAGO FIRE PROTECTION DISTRICT IMMEDIATELY RESPONDING. WE SPOKE WITH ONE PILOT WHO LANDED HERE JUST AFTER THAT PLANE CAME DOWN WHEN WE WERE COMING IN, AND WE'RE TALKING WITH THE APPROACH CONTROLLERS AND WE'RE DOING WHAT'S CALLED AN APPROACH, AND THEY PUT US ON THE RUNWAY TO ZERO, RIGHT? >> AND THEN THEY SAID, UH, THE RUNWAY IS CLOSED BECAUSE OF AN ACCIDENT. WE LEARNED FROM AN OFFICIAL WITH THE INTERNATIONAL FLYING CLUB THAT THE PLANE BELONGED TO MULTIPLE MEMBERS OR MULTIPLE CLUB MEMBERS, BUT AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT IDENTIFIED THE PEOPLE WHO WERE KILLED. >> RIGHT NOW, IT'S STILL TOO EARLY TO KNOW WHAT CAUSED THIS CRASH. AIRPORT OFFICIALS SAY THEY ARE COORDINATING AND WORKING WITH THE FAA AND THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD, WHO WILL BE LEADING THIS INVESTIGATION, REPORTING LIVE

  Top Comments:
  1. @fontmarq: so many blacks and browns in aviation!

- A Look Inside John Travolta's Airport Mansion: Kind: captions Language: en everyone needs a hobby and for john travolta it's flying planes as such the trained pilot has a large collection of jets good thing he has an estimated net worth of around 250 million dollars to fund this pleasure looking to make his hobby more accessible he ended up buying a mansion that contains its own airport today we're going to look at this incredible house and the gated community it sits on we'll see just how valuable both are on top of this we'll examine some of the airplanes in travolta's hangar and the stories behind them all of which are worth many millions so let's get started john travolta's florida home is based at the estate of jumbo lair airport near the city of ocala the whole area is 550 acres in size for comparison that can fit five vatican cities since it's around 110 acres in 2019 the average cost of an acre in florida was 28 961. however this takes into account expensive land costs in cities such as miami as well as cheaper rural areas as such with this average the jumbo layer airport land has a valuation of just under 16 million the biggest selling point of this exclusive gated community is to allow aviation fans easy access to a private airport the main runway is 7550 feet long paved and lighted making it america's longest private runway it's even able to accommodate large airplanes such as the boeing 737 all of the 38 residential lots are fly-ins so they have access to the large airstrip via smaller taxiways back in 1980 the estate was a ranch that was owned by socialite and equestrian muriel vanderbilt then along came the founder of fitness company nautilus arthur jones who purchased the area he soon began incorporating his love of aviation to according to reports the massive airstrip is said to have cost around 6 million to create in 1984 the property even became a haven for african wildlife elephants crocodiles gorillas and more all called it home for a time by 1989 arthur jones divorced from his wife terry she then began turning the estate into the flying community that it is today in 2019 news broke that the whole area was going on the market on top of the 550 acres the package deal included the five bedroom 7686 square foot mansion that was created for muriel vanderbilt it has a swimming pool and a fitness center filled with original nautilus equipment also in the deal is an 8735 square foot conference center or banquet hall that has a seating space for 400 people a collection of warehouses that amounts to 90 000 square feet as well as at the time unsold estate lots with runway access and 30 income producing residential lots all of this had an original asking price of 10.5 million dollars travolta and his late wife kelly preston were one of the first residents to buy in at the jumbo lair airport estate back in 2001. for eight years travolta had been looking for a place that could easily cope with his planes in the end the couple purchased around 9.5 acres altogether this is reported to have cost them 3.5 million dollars at the time with inflation that's around 5.2 million today soon after travolta and preston got to work on building an 8 900 square foot mansion travolta then had the taxiway extended right to his front door the taxiway splits into two roads around the property both of which lead to separate parking bays for planes in an article with architectural digest in 2004 preston stated quote it was always john's dream to have planes in his front yard to practically be able to pull up to the house so that when you wanted to go to dinner all you'd have to do was step out the door get on a plane and whisk off end quote the house was designed to allow views of their parked planes no matter what room of the house they're standing in as such the property is formed of concrete and a lot of glass the house has six bedrooms all together and two kitchens one kitchen for more serious cooking and the other for lighter simpler concoctions these kitchens are then surrounded by three dining areas the house was designed by architects dana smith and took two years to fully construct outside there's an in-ground swimming pool with a hot tub attached according to experts adding a hot tub during construction of the pool can add an extra ten thousand dollars near the pool is a cabana built specifically for the adults travolta wanted to use it as a dancing space so there's a large area that can be cleared off for such a thing there's also a bar with seating travolta describes it as a cabana however since it has permanent walls it could be a pool house according to experts a cabana can cost up to five thousand dollars to build while a pool house can be as much as one hundred and eighty thousand dollars the mansion is said to even have a golf course on average it can cost between five thousand and ten thousand dollars per hole for smaller courses the house also has space for 16 cars altogether john travolta has owned loads of planes throughout his flight passion one of his most famous is the boeing 707 138b the original 707 model had a cost of 4.3 million dollars in 1955. today that's around 42.2 million dollars travolta's plane was previously operated by australian airliner qantas from 1964. by 1968 it was converted from being a passenger plane for private use according to reports it was even owned by legendary rat pack member frank sinatra by 1998 the plane ended up with travolta during 2002 travolta even became a goodwill ambassador for qantas as part of this relationship qantas would maintain the plane for him as he flew their brand across the globe originally the jet could hold around 140 passengers travolta changed the interior to make it more luxurious as such there's space for 25 people traveling on board other features include a master bedroom with an ensuite a kitchen a dining room and a living room during 2017 it was announced that travolta was donating his jet to the historical aircraft restoration society in australia it was originally believed that the trip to get the plane to the museum was going to cost 3 million australian dollars which is about 2.3 million american dollars another plane in the greece actors arsenal is the bombardier challenger 601 it was first announced that he bought this plane in 2011. at the time this made it his 11th jet travolta also became an ambassador for the canadian plane manufacturers bombardier in that same year during an interview with business jet traveler travolta was asked what attracted him to this model he replied quote it uses canada air technology which has evolved to an extraordinary degree since the 1970s end quote he also said that as he travels with his family regularly a plane needs to be comfortable in the cabin according to reports a bombardier challenger 601 can cost as much as 21.4 million dollars to purchase as for renting the 601 can cost up to 6 800 per hour according to some charter sites one of travolta's most famous planes was the gulfstream ii it's well known due to a near terrible accident almost three decades ago in 1992 travolta was flying the jet at 400 miles per hour during the night from florida to maine but disaster struck just above the washington skies twelve thousand feet up the gulf stream two suffered complete electrical failure with no radio working air traffic control couldn't speak to travolta as he fought to pilot the plane air control requested a commercial plane nearby with 182 passengers to see if they could spot the falling plane by then the two planes only missed each other by two miles trivolta managed to land the jet with no injuries at the time the gulf stream 2 was worth around 5 million in 2012 travolta decided to donate the fabled gulf stream to the georgia aviation hall of fame travolta did this in memory of his son jed whom he lost in 2009 final fun fact finish 2019 saw the opening of one of the most expensive airports of all time the beijing daxing international airport in china construction costs alone amounted to 120 billion chinese yuan which is around 18.3 billion american dollars on top of that various projects in and around the airport came to 330 billion yuan or around 50.4 billion u.s dollars giving us a grand total of 450 billion yuan or 68.7 billion dollars

  Top Comments:
  1. @DHEEBS-c8g: Perfect for Trafficking!
Remember they all in it!
  2. @TimKirk-v3g: Some of his planes cost more than that!
  3. @GunnarDalen: I just woke up from my trailer, its raining today..Maybe i see som planes in the sky..😊😊
  4. @gavxps1: I don't think that's his hobby.
  5. @nickperos954: Not impressed with wretched excess show offs. The tens of millions of dollars Travolta has dumped into his toys is ungodly given the amount of suffering in this world.
  6. @paulgerrard9227: Wtf has daxing airport got to do with anything.
  7. @paulgerrard9227: Paved... And 'lit'. Not lighted
  8. @user-hq5wq8tm6b: This is s garbage mini documentary that uncovers no unknown information and could actually be about 60 seconds long. YouTube is so full of garbage these days.
  9. @dalesmith8666: F--en rich bastards...!
  10. @frankscottsr.4529: This is Awesome !!!
  11. @dontaskufool: Could've been cheaper. He could have just moved into an airport.
  12. @TheRammMan: I'm impressed by anyone who can actually fly any plane let a lone a damn jumbo!
  13. @peterhansen1161: Eine nette Wohnanlage.. Sonniges Florida☀️ , Landebahn 🛬.. 👍
  14. @davi-hg5ht: Nada satisfaz o desejo humano de forma permanente. A mente humana é como um saco sem fundo.
  15. @MelissaTheButterfly: I love you ❤ JT🎉
  16. @patrickmaartense7772: build me a golf course for 10.00 per hole please...
  17. @98765432148146: John Travolta he really smart to purchase property in Florida for that price not in California
  18. @simonhawkins8572: Well done, a clip which is intended to be full of facts throws up shots of incorrect aircraft and mispronunciations
  19. @wasylbakowsky5199: Cringe every time the AI voice mispronounces Bombardier...
  20. @enorytl: John Travolta deserves it. He's a great actor. I need the good Lord to bless me with 10% percent of that

- Black CEO’s Twin Daughters Humiliated in First Class — 15 Minutes Later, the Airline Panics: Kind: captions Language: en She said it without blinking. Step aside. These seats aren't for you. The words cut through the terminal like a sharp public accusation. Two little black twin girls froze, clutching their perfectly valid first class boarding passes, their eyes flicking up to their father as if asking whether they'd done something wrong. Behind them, the morning lights spilled across the windows, but the air felt colder than metal. People turned, some whispered, and the flight attendant. She never broke her stance. One finger pointed at the children as if they were trespassers in their own story. The father exhaled once, slow, steady. The kind of stillness a man learns only after years of swallowing moments just like this. Hello everyone. Before we begin today's story, I have a small favor to ask. Please hit subscribe and turn on the notification bell so you never miss our channel's new videos. It's quick, free, and the best way to support us in bringing you more dramatic stories. Your support means the world to us. Where are you watching from? Drop your city or country in the comments below. Thank you very much. Now, back to our main character. The father stepped forward, his voice low, calm. Their seats are in first class. He lifted the tickets for her to see, but the attendant didn't even glance. Sir, don't hold up the line. These passes aren't real. You and your kids need to move. The pause before your kids carried the weight of every assumption she thought she could hide. One twin gripped her sister's hand tighter. The other tucked her ticket against her chest as if it were proof of their existence. He knelt beside them, speaking softly so only they could hear. You belong exactly where I put you. Don't forget that. But the attendant stepped closer, her voice sharp enough to draw attention from the next gate. I said, "Step aside. First class isn't open for." She didn't finish the sentence, but the meaning landed hard. A murmur rippled through the crowd. A mix of unease, irritation, and something uglier from a few faces too eager to agree with her. The father rose slowly. No sudden movements, no raised voice. Just presence, controlled, unwavering, the kind of authority that didn't need to announce itself. "Scan the tickets," he said. They're valid, she scoffed, tapping her badge like it granted her absolute power. I don't need to scan anything. I know fake when I see it. Behind him, a junior employee, barely out of training, shifted nervously. He had seen those tickets flash green earlier. He opened his mouth, then closed it again when the attendant shot him a warning look. The line behind them thickened. A few passengers crossed their arms as if the family was the inconvenience, not the discrimination playing out in front of them. One man in a suit muttered, "Always trying to get into places they don't pay for." Another woman clicked her tongue in annoyance. The twins heard every word. Their father heard every word. He had lived this soundtrack before. But today, in this terminal, in front of his daughters, something in him refused to fold the way the world expected. He pulled a small earpiece from his pocket, pressed it once, and said quietly, "Rachel, we may have a situation." The attendant laughed, assuming it was a bluff. The crowd assumed it was desperation. But the man himself, he knew exactly what he was setting in motion. And the airline, though none of them realized it yet, was about to learn who they had just humiliated at gate C14. The young trainee had seen the green confirmation flash on the screen earlier, but fear pinned him in place as the flight attendant stepped even closer to the family. "Sir," she said, loud enough for everyone within 20 ft to hear. "You need to stop pretending. First class is for verified passengers only. You cannot just walk your way into it." Her tone carried the same dismissive edge that had been thrown at countless travelers who did not look like they belonged. The father did not flinch. He had lived through versions of this moment so many times that the script was predictable. Suspicion, escalation, humiliation, and then silence. Silence was what they always counted on. One twin held her sister's hand tighter as passengers behind them shifted, annoyed by the delay, ignoring the growing cruelty unfolding right in front of them. The trainee swallowed hard, stepping forward an inch. Ma'am, his tickets scanned valid earlier, he said softly, almost apologetically. The attendant cut him off with a sharp slicing glare. Do not overstep. You are not clear to verify anything without my approval. The trainee froze again. The father looked at him, not with anger, but with recognition. He had once been that young man standing in a room where he knew something wrong was happening, but the power to speak carried consequences he could not afford. The father rose fully now, pulling his shoulders back. His voice remained controlled. Scan the tickets again. The attendant crossed her arms. I do not need to. I know what is real. Her words echoed the same arrogance he had heard at 25 when a bank manager insisted his down payment had to be fraudulent, even after he provided every document they asked for. It echoed the voice of the hotel clerk who once told him people like you do not stay in suites like that, forcing him to sit in the lobby while others breezed past. His daughters were now watching the same prejudice that shaped every hard-earned victory of his life. He would not let this become their memory, too. A man in a business suit behind them side dramatically. This is ridiculous. If they cannot afford first class, they should just say so. Some of us have flights to catch. A woman chimed in. Honestly, people try anything these days. The twins breath shuddered, their eyes lowering. The father placed a steady hand on each of their shoulders. Stand tall, he whispered. You belong here. The attendant leaned in as if delivering a verdict. Last warning. Step aside or security will escort you out. Security. The word landed with intent. It assumed danger where there was none. It assumed threat where there was only patience. It assumed guilt where there was only innocence. The father inhaled slowly, letting the weight of that word settle before he exhaled it out. Then he pressed a finger to his earpiece. Rachel, confirm activation of protocol 7. Her voice responded instantly. Calm, decisive, unmistakably efficient. Protocol 7 is active. Corporate oversight has been notified and is monitoring in real time. Do you want escalation authorization? The attendance expression flickered for the first time. A tiny fracture. The trainees eyes widened. The crowd hushed. "Stand by," the father replied. "We will give them one more opportunity." He looked at the attendant again, offering her a simple, undeniable choice. "Scan the tickets," she scoffed, turning toward her tablet. "Fine. When the system rejects them, do not say I did not warn you." She dragged the scanner across the first barcode. "A beep! Green!" She blinked. Scan the second. Another green. Scan the third green again. A ripple of murmurss spread through the line. The trainee nodded quickly, relieved. See, they are valid, he said. But the attendant stiffened, refusing to yield. There must be a glitch. This does not mean anything. It means everything, the father replied. His voice had not risen, but the tone had shifted, gaining weight the way a storm gathers without wind. The attendant stepped back. For the first time, her authority faltered. The father lowered his hand from his earpiece, but Rachel's voice still hummed softly through it. Corporate is ready whenever you say the word. The moment hung there, suspended, waiting for the truth to land, and it would because the airline was about to discover exactly who they had tried to push aside. The attendant's denial hung in the air for only a moment before she doubled down, grasping for control she no longer had. There is a malfunction. she insisted as if her words could rewrite what everyone had just witnessed. The system must be experiencing a technical error. These tickets still do not grant you access to first class. Her voice grew sharper as she spoke, revealing the familiar panic of someone watching their authority weaken. Several passengers shifted uncomfortably. Others exchanged glances that carried a quiet but widening understanding of what was actually happening here. The father did not step back. Instead, he gently nudged one twin behind him as a precaution, not out of fear, but out of instinct. His daughter's fingers tightened around the fabric of his shirt as if they could feel the tension threading through the terminal. "You scan the tickets," he said calmly. "Three confirmed greens." "That is not a malfunction. That is verification." She opened her mouth, but before she could speak, a deeper voice cut in from behind her. It belonged to the gate supervisor, a man who had been standing far enough away to pretend ignorance until the situation could no longer be ignored. He approached with an irritated sigh, adjusting his badge as if preparing to deliver a final ruling. "What seems to be the issue?" he asked the attendant, though his eyes flicked to the twins with unmistakable skepticism. "They are holding up the line with fake credentials," she said quickly, relieved to lean on someone she assumed shared her perspective. The scanner is malfunctioning. So it is reading them as valid. The supervisor nodded as if that was all he needed to hear. Sir, you and your children will need to step aside for additional verification. First class cannot be compromised. The trainee stepped forward again, voice trembling, but present. They are not fake. I saw the system validate them earlier. He said it was not a glitch. They are fully registered. The supervisor turned to him with a cold, practiced condescension. You are new. When you have been here long enough, you will learn that reading a screen does not mean understanding what it says. The father watched the dynamic unfold, recognizing the subtle pattern the same way a chess master sees an opponent repeat a losing opening. He had lived this chapter before. Different airport, different uniform, same prejudice, wearing a new face. The attendant crossed her arms. Security is on standby. If he continues to refuse, they can escort them out and clear the gate. One twin's breath hitched. The other clung to her father's hand. He knelt down. I level with them. And his voice softened into something warm but steady. "You are not in trouble," he whispered. "Do you understand me? You did nothing wrong." Their small nods were enough to anchor him. When he stood again, the calm in his posture had shifted into something sharper, something forged not out of anger, but out of resolve. "You will not call security on my children," he said. "Not for your assumptions, not for your convenience." The supervisor lifted his chin, dismissive, "Sir, this is standard protocol." "No," the father replied. "This is bias being dressed up as protocol." The words landed heavy and undeniable. Several passengers looked down while others straightened as if finally seeing the scene for what it was. The attendant scoffed. This is not bias. This is procedure. Procedure, he repeated, would mean following the scan results. Procedure would mean verifying before accusing. Procedure would not involve raising your voice at two children who have done nothing but stand where their tickets placed them. Her jaw tightened. She motioned sharply toward the intercom panel. Security will handle this. But before she could press the button, his earpiece crackled softly. Rachel's voice emerged again, precise and professional. Corporate oversight has connected. The board is aware of a possible incident at gate C14. Do you require executive authority intervention? He did not respond immediately. Instead, he looked around the terminal. Every witness, every whisper, every accusation had accumulated into a single undeniable truth. This was not about tickets. It was about belonging, and who they believed deserved to have it. He lifted his hand halfway toward his earpiece, but paused, giving the attendant and the supervisor one final moment to correct themselves. They did not. The supervisor stepped forward with forced authority. Sir, if you do not comply this instant, we will remove you from this area. The father lowered his hand. Then with a voice steady enough to silence the space around him, he said, "Rachel, escalate to executive authority. They have made their decision. Now I will make mine." Passengers stared, unsure of what that meant. The attendant frowned, confused. The supervisor smirked, assuming bluff, but the airport was seconds away from learning who they had just threatened at gate C14. For a moment, the terminal held its breath. The attendant's hand hovered over the intercom as if she still believed she controlled the scene, while the supervisor squared his shoulders with the confidence of someone who had never been challenged by the truth. But the father stood taller now, not because he needed to prove anything, but because he finally decided he would not shrink in front of his daughters again. Rachel's voice came through the earpiece, crisp and certain. Executive authority escalation confirmed. Corporate oversight is now observing all audio and visual feeds at gate C14. Do you want me to notify the board directly? The attendant frowned. What board? She muttered, but no one answered her. Instead, the father watched the supervisor step forward, attempting to reclaim control with a stern, official sounding tone. Sir, putting on a show will not change the fact that you are causing a disruption. You will comply with the protocol we have established. Protocol, the father repeated softly. Is not what you have been following. What you have been following is prejudice. The supervisor scoffed. Save the dramatics, please. Security will escort you out if you continue. One twin whimpered, pulling her sister closer. The father rested a calming hand on their shoulders, offering them reassurance even as the room pressed harder against him. But something shifted. A small but undeniable crack in the silence. A woman near the seating area rose to her feet. She had been recording quietly, hesitant at first, but no longer able to ignore what was unfolding. "I saw the ticket scan," she said. Her voice trembled, but her conviction did not. "They scan green three times." A man at the charging station added, "You threatened to call security on children. That is not protocol. That is wrong." The trainee stepped in again, choosing courage over fear this time. This is not how we are supposed to treat passengers, he said. Especially not when the system already verified everything, the supervisor turned sharply. This does not concern passengers or lower level staff. It concerns maintaining order. Order, the father said, is not maintained by humiliating people, the attendant rolled her eyes. Here we go. Everyone wants to make this about something it is not. It is exactly what it looks like, the woman recording replied. Someone else whispered, "This is getting ugly." Another murmured, "How is this happening in broad daylight?" But then the sound that truly changed the atmosphere arrived. A soft alert tone chimed from the supervisor's tablet. He looked down, expecting a standard notification, but his face drained of color. On the screen, a flashing red banner appeared. Executive oversight enabled. Corporate authority connected. The attendant leaned over his shoulder. What is that? He swallowed hard. I I do not know, but the father knew and Rachel knew. And somewhere behind those unseen corporate feeds, people with far more authority than the supervisor or the attendant were now watching every second. The twins watched their father, sensing the shift. He was no longer just defending them. He was reclaiming something bigger. The attendant's voice wavered for the first time. This does not change anything. Security will still, but she stopped when she saw two airport officers approaching. Not aggressively, not at her command. They approached slowly, watching the supervisor, not the father. We received an alert from corporate review. One officer said, "We need to understand what is happening here." The supervisor straightened abruptly. "Officers, this passenger is attempting to board with fraudulent credentials." The officers turned to the father. "Sir, may we see your tickets?" He handed them over without hesitation. They scanned the first green, the second green, the third green. The officer looked up. These are completely valid. Then the scanner must be broken. The attendant snapped. Because there is no way. The officer shook his head. The scanner is working. These seats were purchased, registered, and verified. The supervisor's mouth went dry. That That cannot be right. It was the father who answered. His voice calm but heavy with meaning. It is right. You just never expected it to be. Rachel's voice came through the earpiece again, perfectly timed. Sir, the board is standing by. Say the word if you want them to join the call directly. The father looked at his daughters. Their eyes reflected trust, fear, and something else. Something like hope. He turned back to the officers. Before I say the word, he said quietly. I want them to understand exactly what they did. The attendant stiffened. The supervisor blinked. The terminal fell silent once more. They thought they understood who they were dealing with. They were seconds away from realizing how wrong they were. The attendant's confidence cracked first. Her stance loosened. Her voice pulled tight like a thread about to snap. The father did not raise his voice, but the steadiness in it carried a weight that filled the entire gate area. You scan the tickets. You accuse my children. You threatened to call security on us. Before anything else happens, I want you to explain why. The attendant blinked, struggling for composure. I I followed protocol. No, he replied. You followed assumption. A ripple went through the crowd. Some looked away. Others leaned in as if bracing for the truth they already sensed. The supervisor stepped forward, trying to seize the moment before it slipped entirely from his grasp. Sir, this line of questioning is inappropriate. We will resolve this internally. The father shook his head. Internally is how problems like this stay hidden. My daughters deserve better than secrets and excuses. One airport officer exchanged a look with the other. They had arrived expecting a routine dispute. Instead, they were witnessing something that felt like a quiet courtroom with truth on the verge of breaking open. The twin stood pressed against their father's side. One squeezed her eyes shut, remembering the attendant's voice rising above them. The other stared at her shoes, recalling the man in line who muttered, "Some people try anything to get into first class. They were too young to understand the politics of discrimination, but old enough to feel when they were unwelcome. The father saw it on their faces. He had seen it before on himself at their age." A flash of memories surged up, uninvited, but sharp. He was 8 years old, holding his mother's hand at a hotel lobby, watching a clerk pretend not to see them. When his mother approached the counter, the clerk said the public restroom is down the hall, even though she had a reservation. The humiliation that sank into his childhood bones now surfaced in his daughter's trembling hands. The father inhaled once, slow, steady, clearing the memory, but keeping its lesson. Then he faced the supervisor. When my children hand you valid tickets, and your first instinct is to assume fraud, that is not procedure. It is prejudice. The supervisor's jaw tightened. Sir, with all due respect, respect, the father interrupted. Is what you withheld from the moment we walked up to this gate. The woman who had been recording earlier raised her phone slightly. He is right, she said. They treated those girls like criminals before even scanning anything. A man near the monitors added. You saw how she talked to them. You do not speak to children like that. The attendant snapped. Everyone needs to stay out of this. You do not understand what it is like having to deal with people who She stopped herself, but not quickly enough. The father's eyes narrowed. Finished the sentence. Her mouth opened, then closed, panic flickering behind her indignation. The supervisor attempted to shield her. This is getting out of hand. Officers, remove this family so we can restore order. One officer stepped forward, but the other placed a hand on his arm, holding him back. "Hold on," he said. "We cannot remove a passenger without cause." "And so far, everything we have verified supports his claim." The attendant's voice cracked. "You cannot take his side. You do not know who he is." Then came the shift. The father touched his earpiece again. "Rachel," he said quietly. "Please confirm current corporate visibility." Her voice came instantly. Corporate oversight is fully engaged. Additionally, three board members have joined the monitoring channel. They have requested escalation clearance. The supervisor's face blanched. "Board members," he whispered. The attendant stared at the father as if seeing him for the first time, but still not understanding. The father spoke again, every syllable measured. "You will not touch my children. You will not speak to them as if they do not belong. And before this is over, you'll understand exactly why your assumptions will cost you more than you expected. The attendant took a step back. The supervisor swallowed. The officers waited, realizing something bigger than protocol was unfolding in front of them. The father glanced down at his daughters, then back at the people who had tried to diminish them. This has gone far enough. It is time they learned the truth. The truth was coming and it would hit with the force of authority they had never imagined live behind the quiet man standing at gate C14. The moment the father said it was time for them to learn the truth, the energy at gate C14 shifted. It was subtle at first, like a quiet tremor beneath polished airport floors. But every person could feel something gathering, something inevitable. The attendant swallowed hard and stepped back as if distance could soften what was coming. The supervisor straightened his badge, trying to salvage his authority, even though the ground beneath him was already beginning to crack. The father said, his voice calm, but carrying a new weight. "Proce with full escalation." Her reply came without hesitation. "Copy that." Executive authority verification has been pushed to the gate systems. Internal compliance is joining the live feed. Additionally, the board has requested to patch into the call if necessary. The attendants eyebrows knitted together. "Why is corporate involved?" she demanded. "This is a boarding issue, not a federal case." The father looked at her with the kind of patience that had been earned through years of surviving exactly these moments. "It became more than a boarding issue when you decided my children were frauds before you even looked at their tickets." The officer holding the scanner shifted his stance. He glanced at the father, then at the twins as if silently apologizing for the harm he had not yet stopped. The supervisor stepped forward again, struggling for control. "Sir, whatever you are trying to do, it will not change the fact that you caused a disruption. Families like yours," he froze, realizing too late what he had said. A low gasp passed through the waiting area. Someone whispered, "He did not just say that." The father's expression did not change, but the room felt the temperature drop. "Families like mine," he repeated, letting the words hang for a long, heavy moment. "The supervisor's face reened, his mouth twitching as if searching for a justification that did not exist." "I misspoke," he stammered. "I simply meant you meant exactly what you said," the father replied. Before the supervisor could respond, the screen on his tablet lit up again, brighter this time with a notification that demanded attention. Corporate compliance alert. Executive protocol verified. The attendant leaned closer, her breath catching when she read the next line. Owner access request received. Owner access, she whispered. What does that mean? But the father was no longer looking at her. He was looking at his daughters, at the way they clung to his hands, at the fear that had no place in their hearts. He lowered himself to their height, his voice soft but unwavering. "Do you remember what I told you?" she nodded. "That we belong here." "Yes," he said. "And I am going to make sure everyone else remembers that too." When he stood, the calm that settled around him was no longer defensive. It was declarative. He turned to the officers. I am ready for you to hear this as well. What happened here today is not a mistake. It is a pattern. It is the same pattern I faced at your age, he said to the twins. And the same pattern that ends today. The attendant stepped back again, panic rising in her voice. You are blowing this out of proportion. No. Someone from the crowd called out. He is not. You talked down to his kids from the second they walked up. We all saw it. Another voice added. And the supervisor made it worse. The father lifted one hand gently and the crowd quieted. This is not about embarrassing them, he said. It is about accountability and accountability begins with truth. He touched his earpiece one more time. Rachel, initiate owner identification. Yes, sir. She replied. The supervisor blinked. Sir, why is she calling you sir? Who are you? The father stepped forward not with arrogance but with a dignity that had been denied too many times. You will know in a moment," he said. The gate's main display monitor blinked, flickered, and then shifted to a corporate interface none of the staff had ever seen in person. A new message appeared across the screen, bold and impossible to ignore. Executive owner identity confirmation in progress. The attendant's hand fell from the intercom. Her voice trembled. This cannot be real. The truth was seconds away from landing. and when it did, it would dismantle everything they thought they understood about the man they tried to remove from gate C14. The gate monitors continued flashing their corporate override warning, casting a cold glow across the faces of everyone who had doubted, dismissed, or demeaned the family standing at the center of it all. The supervisor clutched his tablet as if squeezing it might stop whatever revelation was seconds away from crashing down on him. The attendant looked back and forth between the father and the display, her breathing shallow, her certainty dissolving. "This is some kind of mistake," she muttered. But even she no longer believed her own words. The father remained steady. His daughters pressed into his sides for comfort, watching him with wide, trusting eyes. He had walked them through storms before, but nothing so public, nothing so bold, nothing that held a mirror up to the world with this much clarity. Rachel's voice returned through the earpiece, smooth as glass. Sir, owner identification has been authenticated. Executive confirmation will display at the gate within the next few seconds. Do you want to make a verbal announcement before the system releases the data? He exhaled once, slow and centered. No, he replied softly. Let the truth speak for itself. A hush fell over the terminal, heavy and anticipatory. Even the officers stepped back, sensing the shift from confrontation to revelation. The gate display flickered again, brightened, and then the corporate seal of the airline appeared, an emblem no employee at this level had ever seen activated in a public setting. Under it in bold white text appeared the words, "Executive owner verified. Name: Jonathan Marshall. Position co owner and chief strategic officer." The attendant's knees seemed to weaken. The supervisor's hands dropped to his sides. The trainee gasped audibly. The passengers, who had once whispered blame and annoyance, now stared in stunned silence at the man they had watched attempt to defend his daughters with nothing but calm dignity. One woman whispered, "Oh my god, he owns the airline." Another murmured. They almost threw out the owner's family. The father, Jonathan Marshall, finally spoke, not with triumph, but with quiet gravity. You thought you were dealing with someone who could not fight back, someone you could dismiss without consequence, someone who would walk, a way to avoid a scene. The attendant shook her head, stumbling for words. Sir, Mr. Marshall, I did not know who you were. He looked at her steadily. You did not need to know who I was. You only needed to treat us with the same respect you offered the passengers who came before us. Her mouth parted, but no sound came out. The supervisor attempted to step forward, but Jonathan raised a hand just slightly and the man froze. "Before you speak," Jonathan said, "Consider that I have heard every word you used. I have seen every assumption you made, and so has the board of directors." The officer holding the scanner stared at Jonathan with wide eyes. "Sir, we had no idea." Jonathan turned to him with a softness he had not offered the others. "I know you did not, and you tried to do the right thing. You spoke up. That matters. The trainee swallowed hard, emotion rising in his throat. Jonathan shifted his attention back to the attendant and the supervisor. You threatened to call security on my children. You implied that families like mine do not belong in first class. You decided the tickets were fraudulent before your scanner even beeped. The attendant's voice cracked. "Please, Mr. Marshall, I am begging you. I could lose my job. I am not interested in destroying you, he said. But I am very interested in holding you accountable. A murmur of agreement swept through the passengers, one man said firmly. He should not have had to reveal who he is for you to treat him with basic respect. Another added, imagine treating two little girls like that. Jonathan placed a hand gently on each daughter's shoulder. This moment is not just about us, he said. It is about every traveler you assumed was less deserving. Every person you made feel small. Every child you taught to doubt their place in the world. The supervisor tried again to speak, voice shaking. Mr. Marshall, please, we can explain. Jonathan shook his head. You cannot explain prejudice. You can only change it. Then with a single quiet command, he touched his earpiece once more. Rachel, he said, informed the board that I am ready to proceed. Everyone in gate C14 knew what that meant. The consequences were coming and there would be no misunderstanding them this time. The gate area remained frozen in a stunned silence as Jonathan Marshall, co-owner of the airline they had tried to push him out of, lowered his hand from his earpiece. His daughters stood close, shielded by his presence, yet watching with a mixture of awe and relief as the truth finally settled over the room like a long- aaited verdict. The attendant's lips trembled, her voice barely audible. Mr. Marshall, please. There has to be something I can say. Jonathan did not respond right away. He let the weight of the moment rest on her shoulders, the same weight she had placed on two innocent children without hesitation. When he finally spoke, his voice was steady and measured. We will address that shortly. The supervisor, desperate now, stepped forward. Sir, I can assure you we will handle this internally. There is no need to escalate matters further. Jonathan looked at him with a level, unblinking gaze. You have already handled it internally. That is the problem. Silence and dismissal are the only outcomes that come from internal handling. Before the supervisor could reply, Rachel's voice filled Jonathan's ear again. Sir, the board has confirmed they are ready to proceed with formal action. They are requesting your directive. Jonathan nodded slightly. Standby. The gates public address system chimed unexpectedly, turning every head. A message appeared on the supervisor's tablet so abruptly he almost dropped it. Internal termination protocol pending. A second line followed, waiting for executive owner approval. The supervisor's face pald. Mr. Marshall, we can correct this. We can undergo additional training, follow report, issue apologies, whatever it takes. Jonathan's calm deepened. Justice does not come from scrambling to fix a moment after you realize who someone is. It comes from doing the right thing before you know anything about them. The attendant's voice broke entirely. Please, I did not mean to harm them. I just thought they did not belong. Jonathan raised a hand gently but firmly. You thought they did not belong because of how they looked. That is not a misunderstanding. That is not an accident. That is a choice. A chorus of agreement rose from the passengers. One man spoke loudly. If he had not been the owner, you would have dragged his kids to security. A woman added, "Some of us travel with our children. You treated those girls like they were criminals." The attendant covered her mouth, tears building, but Jonathan did not waver. His daughters watched him with steady faith, absorbing this moment that would shape how they understood dignity for years to come. He lowered himself again until he was eye level with them. "What happened today?" he said softly, is something you will see in the world, but you do not have to fear it because you will always know your worth, even when others refuse to see it. They nodded, small but resolute. When Jonathan rose, the officers waiting nearby straightened instinctively. One of them spoke. "Mr. Marshall, we want you to know we will fully cooperate with whatever actions you take. What happened here was unacceptable." Jonathan offered a slight nod. "Thank you." He tapped his earpiece. Rachel, proceed. Her reply was immediate. Confirming termination of staff involved. Corporate compliance is documenting all verbal exchanges, visual footage, and procedural violations. Standby for system completion. The supervisor sputtered. Termination. Sir, please. You threatened to have my family removed from an area they had every right to stand in. Jonathan said, "You implied they did not belong because of who they were, and you did it without hesitation. The gate display blinked again. Staff access revoked. Termination in effect. The attendant let out a small cry, covering her face as her badge flashed red. The supervisor stared at his tablet in disbelief as his credentials vanished before his eyes. A murmur swept through the passengers. Relief, outrage, vindication, all layered together. Then applause began. Soft at first, hesitant, then stronger. Gate C14 erupted. Not in celebration of punishment, but in recognition of justice delivered in real time. Jonathan remained composed, not triumphant. He looked at the former staff members with a quiet finality. You were given power. You chose to use it to diminish others. That is why this is the consequence. The attendant sobbed openly now. The supervisor looked hollow, defeated. The truth had arrived with the force of authority they never imagined would stand in their way, and there was no reversing it. Jonathan gently guided his daughters toward the boarding door. "Come," he said. "It is time to show you where you belong." And for the first time that day, the twins walked without fear. The applause at gate C14 softened into a reverent hush as Jonathan Marshall guided his daughters toward the jet bridge. Each step they took seemed to restore something that the morning had tried to break. Each breath steadier than the last, each gaze forward instead of down. The passengers who had witnessed everything cleared a respectful path. Their expressions a mixture of apology, admiration, and heavy reflection. Behind Jonathan, the two terminated employees stood in stunned silence. The attendants tears streaked down her face as she clutched her deactivated badge. The supervisor stared blankly at his tablet, the harsh red of the revoked access notification glowing like a verdict he could not escape. But Jonathan did not look back at them. not out of cruelty, but out of intention. This moment was no longer about their downfall. It was about his daughter's rising sense of belonging, dignity, and truth. As they moved forward, one of the airport officers approached carefully. "Mr. Marshall," he said quietly, "I want to personally apologize for everything that happened. What you experienced was unacceptable. We appreciate the grace you showed." Jonathan nodded, "Gracious, but unwavering. Thank you. What matters most now is that my daughters learned the right lesson from this. One twin looked up at him. Daddy, she whispered. Were they mean because of us? He knelt beside her, brushing a gentle hand across her cheek. "No," he said softly. "They were mean because of their own hearts, not because of who you are. You belong anywhere you walk with confidence and truth." His other daughter slipped her hand into his. So, we can still sit in first class. He smiled. You can sit in any class you choose for the rest of your lives. As they stepped onto the jet bridge, passengers behind them continued talking in hush tones. A mother holding a toddler whispered, "I hope my child grows up understanding what fairness really means." A businessman shook his head, "Unbelievable. They talk to him like he was nothing and he owns the whole operation." A college student muttered, "This is why people record everything. Some truths need witnesses." The trainee, the only staff member who had spoken up, approached Jonathan quietly before he boarded. "Sir," he said, his voice trembling with both nerves and sincerity. "I am sorry I did not speak louder. I should have done more." Jonathan looked at him with kindness. "You spoke when it mattered," he said. "Courage is not always loud. Sometimes it is the voice that rises when silence feels safer." The young man swallowed hard, a mix of relief and gratitude washing over him. Thank you, sir. I will remember that. Jonathan offered him a firm nod before guiding his daughters the rest of the way down the jet bridge. The warm cabin air met them as they stepped inside, and the lead flight attendant, one who had not been involved in the incident, greeted them with a respectful, almost reverent tone, "Mr. Marshall, we are honored to have you on board. Your seats are ready." For the first time that day, the twins smiled freely, their small hands brushing the wide leather seats that had once been questioned, doubted, and nearly taken from them. Jonathan lifted them gently into their places. "See," he said. "This is where you sit because you earned it and because you belong." The plane continued boarding, but at the gate behind him, the consequences Jonathan had set into motion were still unfolding. Corporate compliance officers had arrived to escort the former employees away from the terminal. Their careers with the airline were over. More importantly, a mandatory bias review was initiated for that entire airport branch along with a formal investigation into past passenger complaints. Change was coming, not whispered or delayed, but immediate and undeniable. As Jonathan fastened his seat belt, Rachel's voice returned in his earpiece, gentler this time. Sir, the board wanted me to relay their statement. They stand with you completely. They will initiate a companywide review of all customerf facing procedures. Today will not be forgotten. Jonathan closed his eyes for a moment, letting the significance of that settle. Not because he wanted recognition, but because he wanted a world where his daughters would never again have to prove they deserved basic respect. When he opened his eyes, both girls were looking at him with pure admiration. Daddy once said, "You did not even yell." "No," he replied, smiling softly. "Real power does not need to shout. It just needs to stand tall." The engines hummed as the aircraft prepared for departure. Outside the window, the sun broke through the clouds, casting a warm glow across the runway. Jonathan took his daughter's hands and gave them a gentle squeeze. "Remember this moment," he said. Not because of what happened to us, but because of how we rose above it. And as the plane lifted into the sky, gate C14 behind them transformed from a place of humiliation into a lesson, a moment when silence ended, dignity prevailed, and justice stood tall without ever needing to raise its voice.

- Black Wall Street Established in Tulsa, Oklahoma | Tulsa Burning: The 1921 Race Massacre | History: Kind: captions Language: en oklahoma had 45 black towns and municipalities it was capital of black self-determination black people came for the same reason as whites for new possibility [Music] they saw in tulsa an opportunity for business tulsa itself was a boom town the reason was in 1905 an oil well wildcatter discovered the glenn pool which was the richest small oil field in the entire world and so when the city began to boom because of oil it just drew more people these professionals and merchants in these smaller all black towns they then migrated to tulsa they're coming by train they're coming by wagon they're walking they're getting there any way that they can and as the city of tulsa goes from this sleepy cow town into something else there's a part of the city in the northeastern corner that becomes the primary african-american settlement known as greenwood i liken it to a city within the city greenwood itself is an area of nearly 40 square blocks with individual neighborhoods individual churches that have their own parishes about 40 to 45 blocks of a residential community with a business district the greenwood community was staked out by a fellow named o.w gurley who really is the father of the greenwood district and established the first business there in 1906. girly was a very community-focused visionary leader who saw in greenwood you know the promise of creating a community where black people could flourish o.w gurley and j.b stratford they worked together and they had a specific intent to make african-americans wealthy landowners entrepreneurs they both knew what the state of oklahoma was offering they knew that they needed to be very intentful in creating greenwood these were members of a black community who were showing black people that a new world was possible they were a sign and a symbol to black communities about all of the wonderful things that we could be you have all sorts of businesses in greenwood you have everything from funeral parlors to theaters hotel there's a public library a black library there are chili houses cafes restaurants there's just everything there there were a dozen surgeons and doctors there were several lawyers there was a black-owned photography studio there are black working people they're not working necessarily in oil but they're working in all sorts of businesses that are supporting the oil boom greenwood was a community of necessity it was a segregated enclave black folks couldn't apply their trades or purchase goods and services in the larger white community so they created their own economy that economy became successful because black folks did business with one another and kept dollars largely in the black community what happens in greenwood is that segregation which is not necessarily desired segregation actually enables black businesses to thrive black professionals to thrive it was a district where in fact money dollars could turn over five or six times in greenwood you could as a black person you could advance and you had a number of individuals in the community that were prospering because of the success of greenwood booker t washington coined the phrase greenwood as the black wall street or the negro wall street of america as the community grows and grows in affluence and grows in confidence these race men and women come to the fore they articulate a kind of outrage about racism they articulate a kind of self-determination they articulate a resistance andrew jackson smitherman worked as an attorney and as a journalist he was a creek friedman and teamed up with jb stratford to create the tulsa star the first daily black newspaper in oklahoma the black newspaper at that time was a forum for pointing out black achievement at a time when white newspapers presented black people only in crime but the heart of it was an agitation for justice and an agitation against lynching at the same time that's happening you see in the summer of 1919 a rise of racial terror all over the country new york philadelphia memphis chicago washington dc elaine arkansas we could go on and on and on a lot of these riots are really fueled by anxieties about black advancement and black success and we're not only talking about cities like chicago or dc or new york we're talking about cities like tulsa in 1921 those same tensions in the united states were present in tulsa and it did revolve around jealousy and resentment it threatened the system of white supremacy certainly in tulsa which was an incredible concentration of black wealth you can look at tulsa as a tinderbox like what is the spark that's going to ignite it you

  Top Comments:
  1. @D-TRIL [1 likes]: bombed your own economy, do the math now!
  2. @PhillipSimpson-zq2jw [1 likes]: So this is why they ended segregation
  3. @61wolvestg [1 likes]: In 2026 if Black people were to do this they would try the same thing that why Trump is talking desegregation.
  4. @falanajerido875 [1 likes]: Whit's still jealous today they didn't change, show them we don't need them. We can make it in our own
  5. @DixieMageofAmerica [1 likes]: Made up revisionist history.
  6. @cheetahbangs4875 [1 likes]: This is about "Black Wall Street" 1921 Massacre... This was outright genocide of Wealthy building people who had their communities in Greenwood 6:41  Oklahoma. KILL by White people killed, stole, massacre a Race of Black people; who destroyed their legacy. And, refuse to Compensate them and destroyed their deeds to their property. To keep hided the truth about their ownership of property & contributions of inheritance, lied about businesses. And, killing innocent hard working Black people. BLACK PEOPLE NEED STAND UP AGAINST THIS RACIST INJUSTICE TODAY, RIGHT NOW, TODAY. DEMAND THEM TO PAY REPARATION FOR THE MOST DESTRUCTIVE MASSACRES MURDER IN AMERICAN HISTORY.....
  7. @djxcel23 [1 likes]: Black had no choice back then but to stand together. These days that cant be said. There is no unity
  8. @LloydMajor: May I use some of the footage in my "YOU TUBE VIDEO"? I will give you credit.
  9. @styxrakash4639: Reminds me of the history of central banking and the enslavement of mankind
  10. @ithinkaboutthings9052: Visit the Greenwood District today and learn.
  11. @thorns: Soo.... nothing like wall st.
I feel lied to
  12. @aclark1197: For example I worked for Bankers Trust
  13. @aclark1197: We are all connected in some way to an Organization.
  14. @aclark1197: You work for an Organization. Find out which organization you belong to. Find your tribe. Because you have to return to your organization.
  15. @newvision101: There have been many thriving Black communities throughout America.  Many were destroyed by white developers who would come in and rip these communities apart.  Black Wall Street is not unique.  Black Bottom and Southwest Detroit were just two.  The story of these neighborhoods need to be told.  In the late 1970’s drugs and guns were thrown into Black communities.  Jobs were sent over seas.  Prisons became private.  Do the math.  Black Wall Street was destroyed by a white mob.  Thriving Black communities across America were destroyed by systemic racism.
  16. @jessecrump7594: why do most in this video look half white or white?
  17. @THUMPIIZ: What was left out is an armed forces wasn’t built at the same time of building what was established. What a time to have been.
  18. @deec4042: The Democratic Party was and ALWAYS has been behind these things ! The party of the KKK !
  19. @MoneyGreen: Watching this makes me want to start wearing suits
  20. @stephaniea4877: This is the power of black dollars, Black Wall Street demonstrated black success and spending power.

- What maintenace can a pilot perform on his airplane?  Owner Operator Maintenance: Kind: captions Language: en can i work on my own airplane well as a pilot or an owner mechanic the fa answer yes no maybe there's always three answer questions okay so quickly the first way is that you can work under the supervision of a mechanic so there's an ap mechanic he can directly supervise get your story straight the faa comes you wanna you want him to be able to say yes he is working under my supervision so you can work on the supervision of an a p mechanic and he can delegate jobs to you the second thing is there are things that a pilot can do this is found in far part 43 appendix a halfway down through the appendix if you want to see how to get it watch the full version the full version of this video is a lot longer but i'll show you how to do that also there's a youtube video in our channel that shows you how to look up regulations on faa.gov so click on that movie now here's a list of what you can do as a pilot on your own airplane here's straight out of the regulation starts with paragraph c okay so as a pilot you can remove install tires you can replace elastic shock struts this is like on a piper cub you can service the landing gear shock struts by adding oil that's an air oleo strut you can service landing gear wheel bearings which means you can pack the bearings you can replace defective safety wiring and car key you can lubricate it as long as you don't take it apart all kinds of things on the airplane you can take cowling on and off you can make fabric repairs these are the simple repairs you can replace hydraulic fluid in the hydraulic reservoir you can do decorative coatings that means you can paint you can apply preservative material you can repair upholstery you can make simple repairs to fairing non-structural covers and cowlings you can replace side windows where the work does not interfere with any structure of an operating system you can replace safety belts you can remove seats and seat parts you can troubleshoot broken landing light circuits you can replace bulbs you can replace skis or wheels as long as there's no weight and balance required weight and balance calculation you can replace any cowling and that's even if it room as long as it does not require the removal of a propeller or disconnection of flight controls you can replace or clean spark plugs set the gap you can replace hose connections as long as they're not hydraulic connections you can replace pre-fabricated fuel lines clean fuel strainers and filter elements you can replace and service batteries you can replace or adjust non-structures non-structural fasteners you can remove you can remove check and replace magnetic chip detectors this is talking about turbine engines i'd stay away from that if i was you but it the fa says you can do it so there you have it there's several things that pilot can do first you have to be trained to do it so have your mechanics show you how to do it or someone else who knows how to do it and second is that if there's any manual instructions you have to follow follow the manufacturer's manuals a third item you might want to do is you might want to document that you have been trained on this stuff when you go to sign it off you make a log book entry that says i removed the cal or i did a simple fabric patch and you can sign it off with your name your pilot's number and the date look how your mechanic signs things in the logbook he's doing it the same way except you're going to use your pilot's license number there's also more information on this that you can find on the web or you can find it on our site or look for us on twitter that's at run up area thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @noyufly [1 likes]: You can do a lot more than is listed in 14CFR43 Appendix A, para c.  Look up the Coleal Legal Interpretation letter.  Savvy Aviation recently posted a youtube video on this topic.  The FAA is yet to update the CFR or AC 43-12A on preventive maintenance, but the Coleal letter has your back.
  2. @dbcrn859: Be aware this does NOT apply to Light Sport Pilots.
  3. @mnelson5916: Very informative video, and I have seen this question come up on many occasions.  It is also very good to see your emphasis on the approval for return to service (aka logbook entry) at the conclusion of the pilots work, as that critical and required step is often skipped.  Maintenance records must reflect ALL work done on the aircraft, regardless of type of certificate held by the maintainer.
  4. @rfmorris: Nicely done!

- Episode 90: Inside Aircraft Maintenance: Real Problems and Real Solutions: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to the LD Aviation Podcast, the place where we explore the people, ideas, and innovations that keep business aviation moving forward. I'm your host, Lindseay Dyer, and today's episode is one I've been especially excited about for a while, and today we finally get to do it. My guest today is someone who's reshaping that space in a way that's not only smart, but also deeply practical, and it's Mark Melby, the founder and CEO of Aloft Evermore. If you've been in business aviation for any length of time, you know that keeping an aircraft flying smoothly isn't just about fixing what breaks. It's about anticipating, forecasting, and coordinating an entire ecosystem of people and systems before the next event ever hits the schedule. So, Mark brings over 18 years in aviation maintenance and operations, and he's taken all that hands-on experience to build something truly transformative. It's an AI powered maintenance planning platform that helps flight departments and owners plan smarter, save time, and make better informed decisions about their aircraft. But what I love most about this conversation is that it's not just about technology. It's about mindset. It's about what happens when someone inside the trenches of business aviation looks around and says, "There has to be a better way." It's about having the courage to rethink the familiar, to take an entrepreneurial leap, and to bring a vision to life that serves the very industry you came from. So today, we'll explore how Mark identified the gaps in traditional maintenance planning, how Loft Evermore bridges those gaps and how this shift towards intelligent intelligent automation is changing the way we all operate. We'll also dig into the heart of entrepreneurship, the challenges, the leadership lessons, and what it really takes to go from being a maintenance professional to building a company that's now helping shape the future of aviation. So whether you're an operator, a scheduler, a dispatcher, or someone dreaming about launching their own idea in aviation, this episode will leave you inspired, informed, and ready to think differently about how we plan and lead. So let's get started. Welcome, Mark. Hey Lindsay, thanks for having me on. >> So great to have you. I know we've been kind of talking about this for a while and um very excited to have this conversation with you. So let's begin with your kind of origin story or so to speak and what was the first thing that drew you into aviation maintenance uh and operations like how did that path also lead you to funding excuse me founding a software company? >> Um yeah it's been been quite a journey. I actually originally got into aviation with the plan of uh being a a backcountry bush pilot. >> Um in which case you have to be able to fix your own airplane. So I started with the the maintenance training and got my&P and um loved it so much that I just continued down that path instead of getting my pilot's license. >> Okay. Very cool. Was there like a defining moment in your career anywhere that um you were like, "Hey, I really want to do something entrepreneurial." >> Yeah. I mean, I've always wanted to have my own business. Um it wasn't until much later in my career that I really started to see the opportunities in aviation to do that. Um, I actually started a company several years back uh to do PT6 engine work um and went out on my own and did that for a while and then slowly as I kind of to see some of the uh the other needs in the industry started to kind of pivot more toward the maintenance management aspect of things. >> Okay. All right. And I'm just kind of thinking here. So, if you wanted to be a backcountry pilot, that uh involves quite a bit of risk. Uh starting your own business definitely comes along with a lot of risk as well. So, it sounds like you're pretty comfortable in that realm. >> Yeah, for sure. You you definitely have to be okay with some risks to be able to go out on a limb and and start a new business, >> right? Did do you think kind of I'm trying to tie in like you know when you were working towards being a backcountry pilot you know did some of those uh lessons that you learned along the way affect how you lead and innovate now. >> Yeah. I mean um like I said I kind of branched away from that path pretty early on. Um, but I did go to a a maintenance school that really focused on um the problem solving and being able to come up with, you know, fixes for airplanes when you don't have uh all the resources. And so, you know, that definitely has an effect on how you approach aircraft maintenance. Um, you're just you're always looking for a new way to solve a problem. >> Yep. Yep. Makes sense. Okay. So, let's kind of shift then. You started a um a previous company and then what was I guess the spark or frustration that made you decide to build a loft evermore? >> Yeah. So that allowed me to really talk to a lot of the smaller flight departments, the owner operators, um that that are having to deal with their own maintenance planning and coordination. Um you know, they don't have their own maintenance team. They don't have a director of maintenance in house. Um and from what I was seeing, there are struggles there. I mean, it's a very complex process to go through the whole uh planning procedure and coordinating with shops and that kind of thing. Um, so I was originally trying to offer like full maintenance management service, you know, kind of a a boutique one-on-one kind of thing. And what I was finding is that these smaller operators, they they still want the control over their own airplane. They want to be heavily involved and make the decisions. They don't want an outside person coming in and doing it for them. >> Okay. >> So, that's what gave me the idea for Loft Evermore is to create this tool for them to be able to use to streamline the whole process to make it faster and easier and um you know, less complex. >> Okay, that really makes sense. Sure. Especially if they're the smaller flight departments. Um yeah, I could see That also would be difficult. I mean, is it quite expensive to have a full-on management company deal with that versus using an app? >> Yeah, full management can be very very expensive. Um, you know, it it ranges in cost wildly, but you know, it can it can go anywhere from, you know, a few thousand dollars a month all the way up to tens of thousands of dollars a month depending on the company and the aircraft size. >> Um, >> sure. So, you know, that's where this tool comes in as a very affordable option uh in relation to that. >> All right. Heck, and when everybody's always looking at uh budget and numbers, that's really important piece. >> When you that you've been now that you've been working in the company and everything, any um big hurdles that you want to share with us and how you pushed through those? Yeah, I mean the biggest thing for me was um even though I've been involved in business aviation for many years um when I launched the software, trying to get the marketing out there and kind of get into the inner circle, if you will, of business aviation um is tough to do. It's a it's a tight-knit group of of people and um >> it's it can be tough for for an outsider to really break in and make relationships, but you know, now that I I'm in it and I'm I'm meeting people like yourself and a lot of the other influential people in in the industry, um that's when it really starts to take off and you know, people introduce you to other people and uh you know, once you're in it's it's fantastic. >> Oh, I think you've made a good point though. Uh, a lot of this comes down to the networking. It's the relationships that you have. So, it's important to be out there and talking to people. It is very hard to break in. Uh, it is it's a very tight circle with uh business aviation. Good point. So, >> all right. So, let's talk some more about the app uh that Aloft Evermore offers. So for someone who might not have ever seen it, how would you describe uh perhaps the company and the app in general? >> Yeah. So Aloft Evermore uh as the overall company um you know we provide software tools for business aviation. Um and we can talk more about that later. I've got another app that we'll be rolling out here shortly. Um but the the current app is the loft evermore maintenance manager app and so that is currently focused on citation jets. Uh so the whole family of citations um eventually we'll be expanding that but to start with that's kind of what we're focusing on. And what it does is it allows for you to upload a three-year due list and then we break that down uh into projects over the next several years so you can see when your aircraft is going to be down, what to expect for downtime, uh what to anticipate for budgeting, and that way you know way in advance what to expect for your schedule. And then the next step of the process is the quoting process. So, as you're coming up on a project, you can blast out quote requests to multiple shops in your area and then easily compare just the key numbers of, you know, cost, downtime, distance, shop rating, that kind of thing, and and just quickly pick a quote that that fits your needs. And then the final feature of that is to uh upload all your maintenance paperwork. So, your your log book entries, your invoices, that kind of thing. And then that gets reviewed and compared to each other and checked for errors and duplicate charges and that kind of thing. >> Wow. Okay. I have so many additional questions. I think so. One that seems really user friendly for somebody who's even like if if you've never done it, it feels like I feels like I could do that if I needed to. Like it would walk me through everything step by step. And while I don't do the maintenance side, I definitely do the fuel side. And um I assume the maintenance part is similar in terms of there's all sorts of possibilities for air and billing. Possibly not done on purpose, but at least on my side when I'm doing the fuel, I oftentimes, well, the gallons were actually 759, not 859. um and it catches that or perhaps the pricing is wrong. So that sounds great. And so you're using AI to do a lot of this behind the scenes like is it recognizing all that? >> Right. Right now the AI is just kind of a a tool on the back end. Um we we don't have it fully integrated into the app yet, but that's in the works. Um but yeah, it's AI is a great tool for you know comparing documents. It can pull all the data out and and compare it and flag anything like that. Um you know eventually the app will probably be you know 95% AI uh with just just a little bit of human oversight to make sure that you know everything gets caught and everything is in order. But um yeah, I mean that's it's going to be almost fully automated at some point. That is so cool. I love the cool new tools and products that are out there that are, you know, using AI. Uh really I really enjoy that. So, okay. Oh, do you want to talk a little bit about your new app that's coming in? >> Sure. So, um we just finished production on Evermore RFQ. Um, and so what that is is it's basically the quoting function from the maintenance manager app. Um, and we've made it a bit more robust and intuitive and it'll now be its own standalone app. So it doesn't matter what aircraft make or model you have. Um, it's not restricted to that. you'll be able to go in and um choose your radius of how far you're willing to travel and and send out a a quote request and it will automatically filter based on your aircraft model. You can choose if you only want part 145 repair stations, if you need them to have drug and alcohol programs. Um, and then as those quotes come back in, it will automatically populate again that critical information of cost and downtime and shop rating. Um, and so you'll be able to then directly schedule with the shops right through the app. So, it's it's just super super user friendly. Um, no more having to email different shops. Uh, a lot of the smaller shops that you're not aware of will get visibility. >> Okay. Um, so it's going to be a a really great tool. Uh, right now we're just starting to onboard all of the maintenance providers. Um, so so we're getting getting the database filled up with maintenance providers and then once we get to the point where the the operator will get a good value out of it, then we'll start opening it up to to operators to use. >> All right. And I'm assuming essentially if you're emailing, you know, multiple different uh maintenance repair stations that probably the pricing is better because you they're competing against each other even more than if you might just make one phone call or two phone calls >> for sure. And that's the goal is, you know, they're going to know that you're using Evermore RFQ. They're going to know that you're getting multiple quotes. Um, and something that's tough in the industry is relationships with maintenance providers are a huge part of it. >> And a lot of operators still prefer to just go to the same shop over and over again >> um because they've built a relationship with them. >> And I totally get that. And my response when people say that is still get quotes, you know, still go out there and and get a quote from your main shop and get three or four or half a dozen more quotes. And that way you have uh a little bit of leverage. You're keeping them honest. Um and you just know whether or not you're getting a good value for that relationship that that you've built. >> That totally makes sense. And if you even needed to justify something to the higherups, you could show it that way as well. Say, "Look," >> Exactly. >> I love it. I I like what you said too earlier is that it's going to give more visibility to some of the smaller shops. Um, and I obviously am a small business and so, um, competing up against the real big companies is difficult and I I love anything that would give more visibility to the the smaller guys. So, >> yeah, for sure. I mean, so often you can get um, you know, just as good or better quality service. Um, a lot of times they've got better pricing and more availability than the bigger shops. Um, there are obviously benefits to going to some of the the big mainstream shops. You know, they might have a better line on uh Rental Engine or something like that, but there are a lot of cases where it just makes sense to go to one of the smaller kind of boutique shops. >> Yeah. Oh, I love it. Love it. So, let's kind of focus a little bit more on um operations, maintenance, and strategy. Where do you see maintenance planning fitting into the larger dispatch and operational ecosystem? >> Yeah, I mean it's it's such a a pivotal part of that because it's it's non-negotiable, right? You can't just decide to put off the maintenance because when it's due, it's due and and you have to do it. And so it's it's so important for maintenance to be, you know, coordinating with uh the flight scheduling side and operations and so that everybody knows when the plane needs to go into maintenance, how long it's going to be down, um you know, and what to expect on the other side of of the maintenance visit. >> Yep. Oh, I mean, as far as the scheduling side of it, I mean, that's a huge thing for us because when we're talking, maybe that client had expected to go on some big long 30-day trip with his family and everybody's gotten, you know, time off work, his kids are off school, and all of a sudden, oh, sorry, my airplane's not available for 30 days or or longer. Yeah. It can be it can uh make people very angry not knowing about that in advance. >> Yep. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I just uh I recently talked to a small operator um who schedules all their maintenance around the holidays. um you know they don't schedule anything in like November, December because the the uh the owner flies so much during that time. It makes sense to do their maintenance, you know, a month or two months early um just to have that big block of of availability. >> That makes sense. Totally makes sense. I'm sure the owner appreciates that as well, >> right? Yeah. It's it's worth doing it a little bit early just to have the flexibility. >> And can I I want to kind of talk about maybe some of these smaller flight departments, maybe they have I don't want to say less um experienced, but perhaps somebody who hasn't come across uh issues with scheduling like that um and maybe they don't even know how to plan far out. It sounds like your app really would would allow them to do that without much training. >> Yeah, for sure. It's it's not uncommon for those smaller operators to, you know, either just kind of schedule maintenance on the fly. You know, they see their maintenance tracking software says something is coming up, so they hurry up and schedule it and get in the shop. um or they rely on their maintenance provider to tell them when something is coming due, which >> is is not not fair to the maintenance provider and isn't always entirely reliable. And so really all they need to do with the maintenance manager app is upload a due list. You know, you you project out 36 months and and upload that PDF and then we take it from there. And so you'll be able to log in and see all of your upcoming projects. Um, you know, obviously utilization changes. Uh, and we have to tweak the schedule a bit from there, but at least you have a rough idea of when that plane needs to go in. >> And in your app, do you tweak that kind of schedule, the number of hours that you've uh actually flown in the app and it adjusts? >> Yeah. So the the user will go in, we prefer like on a monthly basis at least uh and update their utilization. And so we can see uh both their projected utilization month by month as well as their actual numbers and compare those to to have an idea of you know is this trend uh shifting a little bit toward toward higher or lower utilization. And then, you know, once or twice a year, we can go in and tweak those projects a little bit to make sure that they still align with the utilization. >> Okay. And does it is it very so granular that it would say like, hey, in December of 2026, you're due for this and it will take you this many weeks to complete it. >> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. You'll just be able to see, you know, this will be a a December project. It should be down for 10 business days. Um, these are all the tasks that are contained within that project. Um, and this is roughly how much it's going to cost you. >> Man, I need that. I need that for my house and my car, too. >> I know, right? It could really uh it could really leak into different areas of your life. For sure. >> Really can. It really can because you just, you know, I mean, even like a roof. Okay. So, maybe that's 30 years off, but 30 years will show up real quick. Huh. That is so cool. And I'm sorry for all these questions. They may seem very elementary to you. Um, partly just because I don't work in that maintenance section as much, but it's fascinating uh, how much you can pre-plan. Um, I've I've been on the other side of receiving the maintenance schedule. So, that's kind of where my next question is going to go for. What's the biggest disconnect you've seen between maintenance teams and their schedulers uh, or dispatchers and and how do we fix that? Yeah, I mean communication is just the the biggest thing is there just needs to be a constant open line of communication between maintenance and flight ops. >> Um because while you do have the scheduled maintenance where you can look way out in the future, >> things break. Um, and so if if something if the plane comes back with a problem and maintenance just dives in and starts fixing it and doesn't let flight ops know, uh, then you're going to try and schedule a a flight on it and the plane isn't going to be ready to go for that. So, there just needs to be a a constant open line of back and forth between the two departments. >> Yep. I That's exactly where I've been before. I've been trying to schedule the airplane and oh, we took it all apart. We thought it would be a quick fix, but nobody said anything. I've experienced too when the maintenance team, they don't want the aircraft to look like it was down that often. And often times us as schedulers, dispatchers, we want to write in the schedule, oh, it was not available. Um, >> so but I guess the communication like you're saying though is just so important. Maybe maybe there can be some sort of middle ground there, you know. I think sometimes it felt like to me at least that maintenance was worried that they would look bad because the aircraft was down all the time. Um when really they were pro perhaps just doing some light maintenance that wouldn't have had to be done. And anyway, I kind of digress into that part, but I've I've been on the other receiving side of uh of maintenance schedules. Yeah. >> Yeah. And I think that's an interesting point that you touched on because I I think there can be this stigma that maintenance is a bad thing, right? That I mean in general downtime of the aircraft is frowned upon, but um you know maintenance is a critical part of keeping that plane operational in between the downtime. >> Um and it's it's a machine. machines break and need to get fixed. That I don't I don't think we should be looking that looking at that as a negative aspect of maintenance, we're keeping the airplane flying and in good condition. >> I love it. And I suppose you could take it even one step further that every time the aircraft is, you know, down, it's being worked on. Um, you guys are proving your worth and proving that you're working. And not that, not that you're not. I don't want to say that but um maybe we could start framing it in a different way that instead of the aircraft being down it's that the maintenance uh department is being utilized. >> Mhm. For sure. >> Yeah. So how do you think this app and maybe integrating uh visibility using an app like this might change how the flight departments operate over the next couple of years? Yeah, I mean it's it's hard to say what the future is going to look like, but um in general that that visibility and the automation involved um it's it's going to kind of foolproof the the communication aspect of it. So even if the communication breaks down between departments, you know, flight ops could could log into the app and see what the status of the aircraft is and what's coming up. And um you know, it's it's kind of a a backup to that line of communication. >> Yeah, I love it. And that would also limit the number of questions or phone calls you or the maintenance team is going to get because sometimes that does uh slow slow things down. Maybe they're busy and can't answer their phone. If you could just look it up on the app, then you've answered your question and you're done. >> Yeah, exactly. And especially for the long-term forecasting of maintenance like that, you don't want to be sitting, you know, having your two departments sit down and plan out the next three years together so everybody knows what to expect. Um, so this way everybody can just tap in on their own time and and see what's coming up. >> Love it. That's awesome. Okay, so those that that sounds great. I'm so excited to hear about the new app coming out as well. But let's switch over to entrepreneurship and uh because I always love this topic and I really admire people who jump in because it's not easy. So first question is really how did you make that leap from technician to you're really a tech company founder. Yeah, you know, it's uh like I was saying earlier, it's been kind of a gradual evolution for me. Um the the tech aspect of it is is a pretty steep learning curve. Um you know, I'm not actually doing the coding myself. I'm working with a a local development company that that does all the background stuff. Um, so I'm learning to take my vision and apply that to how it needs to look on uh a computer or an iPhone or something like that. Um, and communicate that to them. So that's been that's been an interesting uh learning process for me. Um, you know, it's it is tough to to make that leap uh to to be self-employed. Um, you know, currently I I still still uh work in maintenance as well besides just just running the app. >> so that helps a lot with that uh risk mitigation. >> but you know, we'll see what the future holds. >> And I think um I try and do this as well when you're actually working in maintenance still. It also keeps you involved in what the day-to-day person is actually, you know, experiencing, which I think will really help your app, like I'm sure your app is created for somebody uh working in maintenance just like you and you know exactly what it is that they would like to see in the app and how it should be worded and what buttons to push and I that that I'm sure makes you the perfect person. >> Yeah, absolutely. I mean that you can't be an entrepreneur and be disconnected from what your customer is experiencing. >> Yeah. Yep. Um I kind of want to touch real quick on back in the beginning part you said that you always wanted to own your own business. Why? Why? >> You know it's it's it's tough to to put a finger on. It's it's since I was in high school, I've I've always been coming up with ideas of businesses to start or uh you know, inventions to try and bring to life. And um I think it's just something that's that's built in in some some people's heads that uh they just can't shake the idea of doing something new and innovative that is their own product. >> Mhm. Yep. That's funny. I when I look back I I never put a name to it that I wanted to own my own business, but when I look back at um my life, I always I've always had some sort of like side gig going on or, you know, creating something else. So, I agree. I I just love the innovation, the creative side of it. It's so fun. Um what Let's see. How about what lessons have uh about leadership have surprised you the most since la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la launching uh a loft evermore or your previous company. >> Um yeah, it's interesting because um with with both companies I've only been I've been the the sole employee of the company. >> Um but I'm also working with contractors. So, the development contractors, I've got a sales contractor that's helping with that. Um, and that's a very different process than dealing with direct reports at a at a company. Um, it's it's almost like you're both managing an employee and um, you know, dealing with a a customer kind of in the same person and that's that's a very different experience. >> Yep. It really is. Yep. And I kind of want to go back to another thing you had talked about that you had always wanted to be a business owner and you've created different things and um I think when we get to see the success of a company like Loft Evermore and um sometimes you think that it was overnight. People think oh gosh he went from zero to 100 you know in in 30 days or something like that. And at least for me, that's not the way it went. Uh, so I'm curious what your thoughts are kind of on that. Yeah, it and the the more other business owners that I get to know, I see the same trend that um while it does happen sometimes that that ideas just take off and and are crazy successful right off the bat, it it takes grinding. you know, it's getting traction, especially in an industry like this, um that is often >> a bit opposed to innovation. >> Um >> yes, >> it can be hard to get traction and get going. >> Um I think in aviation in general, it's it is not easy to introduce new ideas and new technologies. I totally agree with you because I I feel like people ask me sometimes, who's your biggest competitor? And I would say the com competition is the fact that people just aren't adopting the idea. Like I'm not necessarily competing with other companies, which I'd love to, but the whole point of the idea is just I can't get that across to everybody. Not everybody is accepting of like a contract dispatch or probably an app uh that uses AI for for maintenance. So I totally agree that that's got to be a huge hurdle for aviation business >> for sure. And you know, I see that being the future uh of the industry is the smaller standalone specialty companies, you know, like yours, like mine, um that are are really starting to get traction and starting to become popular rather than people just relying on a management company to do everything for them. You know, they can choose the individual services that fit their needs the best. Yep. Oh, I hope more people go that way. I I think you really get what you actually want that way, too. You just don't get that one-sizefits-all type of thing from large management companies. >> Yep. >> Yeah. Exactly. >> Okay. How about for somebody who's listening right now, they're in aviation and they want to launch some sort of business or product because I know there's a lot of people with things kind of rolling around in their head, but what advice would you give to them to get started? Talk to people. That is that is the the key topic for when you first start any company. Before you do anything, talk to as many people as you can get validation. Um because it's great to have a new idea, but you have to make sure that there is a need for that idea. So ideally, you want to find a problem first. Mhm. >> in the industry and then come up with a solution that will help with that problem. Um yeah, the the more you can validate your product market fit before you invest any time or money into actually developing a product, the better. You know, I feel like I did a pretty good job of that myself, but I definitely, in hindsight, could have talked to more pilots, more operators, more maintenance managers, and gotten gotten more feedback right off the bat. Um, I just I don't think there's uh a limit to how much input you can get up front. >> Yep. That Yeah. can help shape the trajectory of, you know, maybe what pieces come first, what could be long-term goals. Yeah, great advice >> for sure. >> Great advice. Okay, so let's kind of move on towards some uh topics about future and some industry trends. Um, where do you think the biggest shift in business aviation maintenance will come from in the next Um I think it is going to be in the technology space as far as you know automating and streamlining the the processes that that can be um you know the things like paperwork the maintenance planning um we are always going to need maintenance technicians working on airplanes that's you know that's not something that where AI can take their jobs we're always going to need the boots on the ground working on the airplanes, but especially with the personnel shortages that are getting worse. uh we're going to need to replace some of those processes with automations or at least make them easier so that they take fewer manh hours to perform >> which then I would guess those roles of maintenance in maintenance are going to be you're going to have to adapt and also be able to run software automation technology in general to be comfortable with that. Mhm. Yeah. And that's that's going to take some time to evolve. There's there are still a lot of people in maintenance specifically that are are hesitant to adapt the new technology, but it's going to get to a point where you just don't have a choice. Um your your operation is going to need to make that shift. >> Yep. For efficiency, which can in you know will come down to actual dollars. Yeah. I see it on the scheduling side as well. I say it on the pilot side. Um, if you can't handle running software automation using technology, then you're probably going to get phased out. >> Yeah, exactly. >> Um, so what's your take on predictive maintenance pipe or the real future of reliability? >> Um, I think there's a little bit of both. Um, I think some of the projections may be a little bit overhyped. Um, but I really do think that that that is going to have its place um, kind of in the near future. There's there's so much data out there with the different like maintenance tracking platforms and now with the digitization of records where everything is searchable, you can really get some good numbers on, you know, when you can expect a starter generator to fail and so you replace it 100 hours earlier than that so you don't have to worry about um unexpected downtime for the aircraft. Mhm. >> And so things like that, I really do think that's going to change uh everything because there will be fewer AOG scenarios where the the plane is broken uh unexpectedly. >> Well, I love to hear that. I can't wait till more and more of that is uh you know happening. Um very cool. Okay. If you had to give operators the simple action to take this month to improve their maintenance efficiency, what would that be? >> Um, you know, that goes back to what we've been saying multiple times here is is just planning ahead. The the biggest thing that I see is operations, they don't look far enough down the road >> um to know the big projects that are coming up. If you have something like a an engine overhaul and you're not planning at least a year in advance, >> yeah, >> especially these days, you may not get a rental engine. Um, and and you're going to be waiting on parts. Your plane's going to be down for weeks or months. >> Um, and it ends up being way more expensive and timeconuming than what you, you know, might have assumed. So, you got to take a detailed look way down the line in the future and and know what to expect. >> Okay, good. Good for uh food for thought. I suppose that works in a lot of our uh planning just in general in life. Although I would say trying to find an engine, again, I'm not in that section, but trying to find an engine at the last minute does not sound like an easy feat at all. No, it's it's definitely getting harder and harder every year. Um, this just the availability is not there like it used to be. >> Interesting. Okay. So, for those who might want to explore Aloft Evermore, where should they go and what could they expect from a demo or a trial? >> Sure. Uh, so you can go to aloft evermore.com. Uh, that's m o.com, no e at the end. Um, and there's there's a link right at the top of the homepage to request a demo. You just fill out your information and we'll get something scheduled. We can just do a really quick, you know, 10 to 15 minute demo to give you an overview of what to expect with the app. Um, also for vendors, uh, we're we're onboarding for Evermore RFQ right now. So that's evermorerf.com. Um, operators can also go there and sign up to be notified as soon as it's live for operators. >> Great. >> Um, and and hopefully we'll we'll make some good progress on that in the next couple of months. >> Great. And I'll make sure those details are put down in the details of the se of the uh podcast there so people can just click on them. So awesome. >> Perfect. >> Well, that has been a really great conversation, Mark. I I I'm so excited to do that because I know we've been talking about your app for a while and I've been excited and and watching it being launched and everything. So, this is great to talk to you. Thank you. >> Thanks, Leslie. I thanks Lindsay. I appreciate you having me on. >> Yeah. Very cool. Well, again, great conversation. I'll wrap it up really again with a huge thank you to you, Mark, for joining us today and I appreciate you showing sharing your story. um love your vision and your insights into how smarter maintenance planning is shaping the future of business aviation. I really do. I think that's so cool and we all really need to pay attention to that. So again, like Mark said, if you would like to learn more about his company aloft evermore, it's aloft evermore.com like he said without the e at the end. You can also connect with Mark directly on LinkedIn. Uh he regularly shares updates on innovation, forecasting, leadership. etc. It's great. So, find him there. Um, and as always, we appreciate you for tuning in to the LD Aviation podcast where we highlight the people and ideas that are keeping our industry moving forward using proactive ownership, relentless reliability, and grace under pressure. So, if you enjoyed today's episode, please take a moment to follow it, rate it, and share it because it helps more aviation professionals find these conversations. You can also follow LD Aviation on LinkedIn, Instagram, and YouTube for behind thescenes stories, updates, and future episodes. I'm Lindsay Dyer, and on behalf of the LD Aviation team, thank you for spending your time with us today. And until next time, stay proactive, stay prepared, and stay aloft.

- MAJOR Issues Found On Our Bonanza F33A... (OUTRAGEOUS Annual Cost Breakdown): Kind: captions Language: en in summary the total cost for this one single annual was what's going on guys welcome back to Jr Aviation now if you're an astute viewer you would know that one of our planes has not been featured on the channel in a while and that plane is our beloved f33a right here now there's a reason for that on and I are about to hit the skies we'll explain everything in depth it just underwent its first a guess it's second annual let's just say it didn't exactly go as planned it got very nasty and expensive very quickly but it's back now it's back 3 months later about 3 months right a 3month annual it's the biggest Bill we have ever spent on a car plane maintenance item we're going to explain all that in today's video while we go flying for a nice $100 hamburger up north where are we going Yukaya Yukaya California he says you want to go north North or South I'm like you know I've never been to Northern California north of the bay so let's go explore let's pull this bad boy out start it up and hit the [Music] skies there she is pulled out in the sun holy smokes I forgot how good this paint looks look at it glowing it's not like it was washed yesterday or something 's been putting a ton of hours on it during this break-in period oh boy I'll explain it just a second but look at the paint Gus and the whole team over at Master aircraft painting got this plane looking right you all remember that whole Reveal video and the whole restoration overhaul of this plane if you haven't yet seen the build go down on the channel go back right now and watch all those videos the brand new interior by Aviation Creations Ron and crew absolutely crushed it and then of course the show stopper this panel by Advanced Aviation and Reno all the avine units and the dinon glass displays make this f33a an absolute showstopper fireing the hole Yeah Buddy starts right up free ground bana 62 Juliet Romeo R Quebec with whiskey we a Calis departure 62 Juliet Romeo R BR good afternoon Runway 31 right taulu good afternoon through night view little run up guys check how those new mags are doing all right so this is my maiden voyage with it after all the work but uh 's been flying a little bit like I said but this is nearly one of the first flights since this plane was ripped apart in a million pieces you should have seen it a month or or two ago no engine in it the firewall all ripped apart um where do we even start we'll start in the sky let's let Owen take off here going Tower ban 62 Juliet Romeo home short through and right ready to go 62 jul Romeo VI Tower right turn CLE take off take and right right turnout to J Romeo PA right gears coming up B new gears sounds good that's another thing that was done all right guys she leaped right off the ground look good so far we're going to take the East Way Around The Bay on the way up to lunch and on the way back is a little treat toward the end of this video we're going to try to go through San Francisco do a little Bay [Applause] tour all right guys we're nice and level now 3500 ft 75% power because we are currently breaking in the airplane engine did not see that one coming yeah if you if you know what that means that means some serious engine work was done and oh boy just started with the simple annual was just hoping for a quick Inn out but it all started when they went to do the compression check three out of our six cylinders were really low so we decided to dig into a little bit and uh what do we find yeah so there's ways to get your compressions up perhaps we could try a couple of our tricks but then again we're like we're probably going to keep this plane forever so why not just invest make it really nice do it right not just try to buy ourselves another year of flying before we then have to mess with the cylinders and another thing happened which really sealed Our Fate and that was while they were screwing around the engine looking at the compressions they they were they were like moving it somehow they like mooved the engine and it like rocked the whole engine frame firewall area all the metal sheet metal that whole tunnel like moved maybe they were like pushing the plane I don't know what made them what what made him find that yeah I don't know I think he just that's something they check after that previous airplane they just shake the engine and sure enough it was kind of Shifting up against the firewall the whole tunnel was moving all that metal they're like guys we have some bad news when they told us that we're like oh shoot we're like what does that mean you just have to like uh what like redo a few rivets like the engine can stay in place and everything they're like no engine has to be removed and we have to re- rivet the entire tunnel firewall area at that point we're like well jeez engine's going to have to be removed instead of just doing a couple tricks to get the compressions up we might as well just basically rebuild the engine while it's off the plane that exposed a massive rabbit hole and we just like Dove right into the hole what did we do to this engine we pull up the list I think I think so it started with removing those three cylinders right we were like okay we'll just replace the cylinders fight the bullet do it right well when they remove the cylinders Deja Vu just like our first Cirrus debacle corrosion on the lifters and cam at that point once you see it once you visually take off a cylinder and see where on the cam it's una a worthy you can't put it back together at that point so just like our first SR20 the whole thing has to be ripped apart and either overhauled or uh like Iran everything has to come apart okay so let's go down this engine Bill we have two different bills the bill for the annual and the bill for the engine disassemble Continental iio 520 BB for Iran inspection remove and replace cam shaft tap itss main bearings and gaskets installed six overhauled cylinders that's every one of them it's a six-cylinder engine for the parts list uh major overhaul gasket set main bearing set bolts and whatever hydraulic tap it intake lift uh intake exhaust bearing starter adapter bushing Magneto Drive okay so just the Iran disassembly and removal of the engine is 5 G so that that's our starting point the six new cylinders well time out the removal and the reinstallation of the engine itself was 5 grand the disassembly was another 5 grand oh yeah yeah yeah we haven't even gotten to the other invoice to start the Iran's 5 grand and then of course we needed the cylinders three were low but three were also in like the 50s and 60s it's like okay at this point on the engine these are the original cylinders and they have about 1,575 hours on them or 1600 so they made it a long way and with Continental cylinders you don't usually get two TBO of 2000 they usually fall short this made it, 1550 I'm pretty happy with that um but at this point we're like okay they were new cylinders so our our friend Nick who did all the work this mechanic he has an engine shop as well he could overhaul the cylinders because they were first run they hadn't been overhauled prior so they had life left in them so he went through replaced all the oh my gosh valve guides and Reed Reed did the Pistons like everything to do with these cylinders are fresh and new and at this point it was really really hard to make a decision whether we just overhaul the entire engine or do this Iran basically do nearly everything an an overhaul would be anyway but it would save us a little bit of time and money this is where we want you guys to comment down below are we stupid for at600 hours on this engine not going through the full overhaul and instead of doing that splitting the case and doing this entire irand with all these new parts and it not being considered an overhaul this the decision of ours will probably be up for debate and a lot would argue it was probably not the best decision to do that we should have just paid the extra money to make it a full overhaul but the problem with that is all these shops are so backed up uh backed up where you send the case to and you send the crank out they take forever to get back so this this 3mon annual if we were overhauling the entire engine would have gotten turned into 5 6 7even 8 months you never know with these parts delays it gets ridiculous when it comes to overhauling an engine so we didn't want to go that route and we hopefully made the right decision but comment down below if uh if 1600 hours we should have just overhauled everything but anyway going down the list major overall gasket set 500 bucks bearing set 700 bucks the hydraulic ta it intake $2300 uh bearing starter adapter bushing Magneto the six exhaust valves 400 bucks a piece $2400 for little Val the cam shaft being overhauled was 800 bucks so total labor $6,800 actually not that bad Nick's a great guy he helps us out he's fair with us but the parts 88,200 bucks so out the door just for the engine work 15,897 bucks that's a lot but a lot was done so I think we got a good deal for what was done if you're an IIA if you own a shop you know comment down below I think I think that was a great deal it would have been probably an extra 15,000 bucks to go through with the full overhaul so we saved ourselves some money for sure but we also saved a lot of time so that was our decision but at this point this engine's probably good to go for another thousand hours if I had to guess this thing's going to go way past TBO especially cuz it's the i520 FB it's the heavier case so that's got plenty of life and Nick when he was going through the engine he's like everything looks really good your lower end your upper end's all brand new so it'll it'll go a long time especially cuz we're going to kind of baby this engine going forward we don't know how the previous owner or owners uh ran this thing obviously will be you know bringing the power back you know we're not going to be running hard the whole flight and just being uh generous with with how we lean our leaning procedures so hopefully that'll extend the longevity of the engine uh in the future going forward I'm really fascinated with oils and engine procedures and leaning and all that stuff so I think from here on out obviously we're going to be really good caretakers of this engine so I wouldn't be surprised if we can get like a thousand extra hours out of it that'd be really cool to get to like 2600 hours before it need to overhaul it maybe 3,000 let's just go as long as we can go before it start starts making metal low compression again or uh catastrophic failure hopefully definitely not that we should be good for a long time on the engine anyway that's just that's just half the bill that's not even half the bill the whole rest of the annual was very expensive as well 28 minutes apparently it's some of the best tacos around ow says we're not going on a $100 hamburger R we're going on a $100 Taco $100 Taco run yeah if you guys have ever been to Yukaya it's been a couple years since I've been but as far as I know she's still there across the street at the supermarket is this lady outside barely speaks any English but Cooks the best dang tacos I've ever had like I said stay tuned for the bay tour at the end of this video okay more expensive Bill the engine builds done now of course that's why we're breaking it in so we have to for about 15 20 hours run mineral oil y uh and then we switch to the normal foil 20 50 Philips with some camard and then we should be smoo down from there but explain what we do on the Breakin for those that don't know yeah so we're staying low so we can achieve 75% power so in this case this airplane with this engine is about 25 squar so 25 in of manifold pressure 2500 RPMs giving us about 75% power then every 10 minutes we'll reduce the power to 65% and continue that process all the way till 15 20 hours okay now for the bigger Bill the rest of the annual so first line item of course annual inspection for f33 that runs about three grand you know different shops have different rates but this shop round three grand that's what it starts at that's what the work is involved to go through the plane and do all the necessary steps for an annual and then what you find from there adds to the annual we were hoping to be in and out for oh 5 grand back in the skies you know 5 10 grand that's probably more than enough to budget uh no not even close remove the engine for repair and installing the engine yeah that's that other part that he was talking about another 5600 bucks so that's to physically get the engine out to be able to access the firewall and then the other 5 grand was to rip the engine apart if that makes sense they said it took even longer than 40 hours but they just buil us for that move and replace the rivets on nose gear tunnel $1,120 so that was that shaking at the engine that we were talking about good thing they found it dang that could have been terrible yeah yeah so maybe next time you're out at your plane give the engine a little Shake see if there's any Play Between the engine itself the mount and the firewall it should obviously be flush but in the case of this one it's very subtle but you can see a little bit of play look out for that they they said they've only seen it in one other Bonanza um typically I guess in higher time airplanes but just be on the lookout for that removed airl left main tire and Tube with new okay so you some Tires R on 140 bucks I I'll skip a few of these items when they're just a small little amount and nothing that important but uh okay removed and replaced all seals for uh master cylinder and bleeding the brake system so our master cylinder was leaking um not a lot but again we just wanted everything perfect so we just said basically blank checkbook do everything that you think it hits that was 560 bucks removed and replace all seals for the right main strut that was starting to leak he noticed yep that was 1,000 bucks It's always important as a pilot like they always say when you go into an annual you should have a list of stuff for the mechanic of squaws you shouldn't not say anything just like see if he finds them like that's the wrong attitude want to go in with a list and then he should add to that list okay the magnetos being overhauled that was, 1500 bucks removed and replace all flap actuator covers with new uh Rigg landing gear system oh boy this was the other big line item it was overextending itself something like that it didn't it didn't stop when it should have so the motor was something was wrong in the motor so he had to replace the motor with a good ready to install one 1,300 bucks and he had to reig the whole system so that it sits flush like the gear doors before were not they were hanging down so he riged everything and he said that took 3 days but again he just charges for 4 hours installed correct hardware for left and right Aeron oh yeah apparently this plane just had like a ton of incorrect Hardware like throughout the whole plane in the engine bay on stuff like that from previous previous previous owners I'm sure they just replaced it with stuff that worked but it's technically not the right stuff removed and replace left AER on aft rod end I guess those rod ends typically go so whatever couple hundred bucks there installed flap rollers correctly I guess they were incorrect replace the right uplock covers and both UPS Springs new tire 416 bucks ouch Tire sponsors please hit us up Good Year Michelin please please please we've had to buy way too many tires yeah just various costs for fluids oil the mineral oil you know 12 ports of that 129 bucks all the kits and seals and all that jazz the pivot bolts for left and right gear yeah anyway those are all the items oh boy you keep track of the money here we go total for parts $2,985 oh it's the labor for everything again 3 months they had it 15,800 69 out the door $ 18, $313 what the heck this is not the citation right what happened what so all together so we're on the same page here out the door to get the keys for this plane to be able to fly today we had a hand over check for $34,200 I mean they said owning an airplane is expensive but that's like some people's salary for the year that's crazy the down payment on a nice car yeah what kind of car you can buy with that kind of money down payment for a Ferrari or airplane servicing ah that would really hurt again guys if this was the 501 I'd be like oh great we're out the door on an annual for 34,000 we're good this is a bonanza which we didn't pay that much more than $34,000 for in the first first place I'm just thinking like the total cost we in this plane right now holy crap that went 0 to 100 real quick the panel the paint the interior this massive annual and our first annual guys let's not forget our first annual back in Texas was that was over 10,000 bucks I think yep so we figured after dropping so much money a year ago that it's not going to be that bad this year Well different set of eyes probably a more thorough set of eyes going through it which we like safety's number one priority so at least future subsequent annuals I can't see much coming up I agree we did everything yeah hopefully going forward uh should be just straightforward do the required items maybe a couple squaws and that's it no more turn in engines or any of that stuff but God so that's why it hasn't been on the channel forever so comment down below what are your thoughts have you ever been in a similar position I already know we're going to have some great comments but please if you have firsthand experience on an unexpected annual bill please we'd love to hear it down below I think it would be insightful for anyone who might want to own an airplane instead of renting they might want to buy one but they don't know the cost associated with it be sure to comment your experience down below of course that's going to be a lot of horror stories in the comments so also share your experience if you own an airplane and it's been nothing but easy annuals you know that's the thing you never truly know uh you got kind of got to expect the unexpected the worst case scenario you got to budget for that just in case cuz it can be really expensive or it can be just $5,000 annuals and nothing comes up your entire ownership down below you will find a GoFundMe link for the next annual on to Jr uh it would be much appreciated if you guys could help us yeah I'm just kidding we knew what we were so getting ourselves into we would never ask you guys for money you guys watching the videos is enough we get to do our Dream every single day you guys are literally the best the channel has been exploding lately absolutely crushing it on the views the subscriber count we just crossed over 100,000 subscribers so thank you so much we greatly appreciate it and we will happily go through the pain of annuals and all the upkeep on all these planes so that we can provide you guys with some of the best content out there 13 minutes out 13 minutes out is this like a what kind of airport is it it's a just small uncontrolled um Airfield um actually funny enough the there's a guy up here he's the Big Res Skinner around here so I'm always taking up aons up here so he can reskin them other than that not not much going on calfire I think has some airplanes here and that's about it all right let's get this landing on video Bonanza 62 jul Romeo Midfield left down 15 caution terrain caution terrain pull up terrain 1 that's cool that's all built in all right he's clear over there n a two Julet Romeo short final5 500 400 300 right gears down three green 100 go get some tacos huh boom that watching the sun oh yeah baby for the air King compliments of my best friends over here yep got that for his birthday and just a way to celebrate all these successful plane deals okay let's get the tacos oh man we are feasting oh and you were not kidding look at the size of that carada elor boil caras with chips and salsa ver we are feasting let's go airplane's literally parked right over there so if you ever come here short walk come to the uh come to the Taco Lady he's a fire well how they taste let's see yep all right just like your remembers there she is and there's self serve over there so home little taxi over love the way this thing sounds just idling by sounds cammed tell me this thing doesn't sound meaty taxing by oh yeah banza 62 Juliet Romeo coming up on Marin for a be33 slant golf descending out 300 like do a quick pay tour then proceed down the Bay Shore to Reed Hill be please number 62 jul Romeo approach 0352 0352 ready all right here we go guys San Francisco Dead Ahead 6 Rome contact 5 mil Norwest s v and the 31 remain north and west of the babers on your tour right position checks Northwest the bridge to J thank you okay that's where that glass comes in handy great situational awareness got all of our maps all of our engine monitors I mean we are redundancy here so uh this is going to make going through this insanely hectic airspace a little easier we could just see one little part of the bridge there we go one single piece heck yeah alcatra us this is sick never gets old man we're going 193 mph true right now we are ripping the heck is all that Treasure Island they're doing some developing now yeah that'll be expensive you got a nice City View November 2 jul Romeo traffic 12:00 2 miles Northwest altitude indicates 700 looking to jul probably helicopter or something traffic is literally going 5 miles hour millions and millions of millions of people literally speaking of hectic airspace and crazy tour so yeah he he went over Taylor Swift because there's no TFR yeah a little tricky cuz Levi Stadium is right under the San Jose departure Corridor it's in the Charlie but it the departures go right over so they had to work me in between some departures and other that super cool um front row seats you know obviously we were at a safe altitude it was amazing experience that video went viral on his Pages for good reason now comes the other hectic yeah here we go now the really starts number two jul Romeo traffic 1:00 1 mile northes 1,300 you have traffic sight a affirmative helicopter to Rome jul Romeo we're already to head back like follow to row 2000 West South 101 clear Out Below 2,000 south and west of the freeway to jul Romeo bananza 62 jul Romeo 1,600 cross traing position3 Rome Tower Al 3 one down you got one two three four more to go five if you're the next cool you guys right over he'll get you to the gate left out the left oh yeah New Zealand left km Air France British Airways whole Squad oh my gosh Stan Carlos next yes sir can I do it oh yeah St Carlos Tower November 62 Juliet Romeo 1,500 ban 62 Juliet Romeo St Carlos Tower fly the 101 for your transition altimeter 2 Niner ner ner the 101 29 just read it back that's all they want to hear off Tower Bonanza 62 Juliet Romeo 1,500 very nice 62 Romeo correction 62 Juliet Romeo MAF Tower MAF alimer 2 niner niner 8 maintain outter below 1,500 south of the 101 Niner 8 outter below 1,500 south of 101 62 juli Romeo nice man all right that was a lot it is a lot Tower Bonanza 62 juliot Romeo 1,400 the 62 jul Romeo 2 N N8 cross Midfield 1,500 9 or8 cross San Jose Midfield 1,500 two Julia Romeo Tower banan 62 Julia Romeo full stop 1,500 ft with Zulu per 62 Juliet Romeo re towerer the left downwind Runway 31 left left downwind for 31 left 62 Juliet Romeo nice don't forget after the after your initial call you can abbreviate it to two Juliet Rome yeah all right we'll give it a c performance but we're getting we're making progress guys practice makes perfect Juliet Romeo Runway 31 left clear to land 31 left cleared the land to Juliet Romeo good job all right we're good the land 31 left okay gear coming down soon here we go gear speed's 154 but I like to get it just no reason to put all that stress on it yeah definely way down three green same with the flaps yep got three in the green up coyota crl course at 3,500 inbound for landing with information Z ass 67 9 or6 Hotel beautiful and there you have it back where we started 62 Jr tucked in the tea hanger here wow that was a fun day what do you guys think comment Down Below on our maintenance nightmare of an annual it is what it is I'm glad we just went with the open checkbook doing everything right rout we could have easily cut corners but we didn't but comment down below what you would have done if you were faced with our same situation hope you guys enjoyed this one subscribe if you're new like for more content coming soon and we will look forward to seeing you guys next video see you it feels

  Top Comments:
  1. @brunodavidferreira5781 [1 likes]: Here in Brazil we spend R$15.000 in a Chevy 250" slant six overhall... 
  But US$15.000 is R$80.000,00 Brazilian Money 🇧🇷👍🏼😎
  2. @s35bonanzapilot84 [1 likes]: Wrong. Your first 2 or 3 annuals will be in excess of $10k. And that being an ex-Lufthansa Airline ab-initio trainer, it has had a very hard life. How many hours did it have when acquired? Most of theirs were in excess of 15k hours when retired. Not bad for a Bonanza that would be 40+ years old and used regularly. But these gained that many hours usually in just over 10-12 years. While Lufthansa did a great job in maintaining their fleet of F33A's, it doesn't surprise me that the keel was very lose.
  3. @MrJohnBos: I think the IRAN approach is fine as long as she is used a personal airplane and you are planning to keep her.
  4. @williamjoachim1897: 7AC champ not too unexpected but it was about a year or two prior, the fabric, when checking into it we found issues with the wing spars.  Till it was all said it was 10 times the usual annual
  5. @makingmoneypod: Talk about a lunch break ✈️🫡
  6. @stevensgarage6451: 400 per valve is insane.
  7. @metalzhenry: It could be worse, it could be a crane....last year we had a $3500 oil change.  Just engine oil, engine oil filter, 2 fuel filters and innner and outer air filter on a 6.7 cummins engine....  Service truck rate was $325/hr...
  8. @tonyyhap3370: Try just buying an Awesome Powerful PC and just Fly Microsoft Flight Simulator ✈️  😃, for MSFS 2020/ 2024!!
  9. @brucebaker3523: Forgot how brown the East bay is in the winter. Compared to the cost of a new plane you are doing great!
  10. @mjvick: A36TN, Last annual 34k, then next year engine with turbo 105k
  11. @davideckberg-p7l: Complete overhaul or new engine
  12. @erminiotordi2315: comunque avete un bel aereo
  13. @rolandocarmona1483: Do you have similar video for your avionics upgrade?
  14. @mackman77095: I rebuilt a classic Pontiac 400 cu V8.  Put some premium parts in it.  15K for a rebuild is about the same price for a high performance car engine.. so 15k is cheap for an airplane engine.
  15. @airplanes42: Have to say, I would have just overhauled or exchanged the engine.
  16. @joelewis9425: I have heard insurance companies denying coverage when engine failure causes a crash when tbo was overflown.  May want to check your insurance if you plan to go past tbo on that engine.
  17. @myrealname2022: @11:17 last time I had a $100 taco I needed to get some shots from the free clinic.
  18. @myrealname2022: My dad did aerial inspection for nearly 50 years.  He ran Lycoming O-320’s on his plane consistently to double TBO at 3800-4000 because he flew his plane for his job anywhere from 1000-1500 hours per year.  He had two, one on the plane and one in the shop getting overhauled so it would be ready to swap during annuals. The big problem with aircraft’s is actually not running airplane engines and that allows the oil to drain off parts, and allow humidity to start corroding parts.  If you ran that engine 4 hours every day you can Iran the shit out of it for a long time before needing a full overhaul.
  19. @thepacketnarc7634: I think it would be helpful for you guys to show the market value of the aircraft tracked with the expenses.

Talk about how the closer to TBO the lower the resale. Etc. 

You guys reset the clock on this and now you’re at peak resale value. So, I think it’s important to look at the cost as equity you now have in the aircraft
  20. @thepacketnarc7634: Tl;dr

Found corrosion on cam, engine mounts and tunnel were loose. Needed r&r of engine to repair sheet metal and mounts. 

R&R Engine IRAN - $16k

Didn’t overhaul due to backlog for shops. 

Rest of annual 
Inspection - $3k
$5,600 labor for r&r of engine 
Rivet nose gear tunnel $1100
OH Magnetos - $1500
Re-rig landing gear -$1,300


Total Annul parts $3k
Labor $16k





So. Annual and Engine repair $34,200

- How Airbus Surpassed Boeing To Become The World’s Top Plane Maker: Kind: captions Language: en Airbus and Boeing have been competing head to head for decades as the world's largest commercial airplane makers. The European based Airbus entered the market 56 years after its rival, and today, 76% of the world's fleet is made up of Airbus and Boeing planes. But over the last few years, Airbus has edged out Boeing for market dominance. Airbus is clearly in the lead and they have a good lead. And if you just want to measure that, it's by backlog of the airplanes. Airbus has made a steady profit since the pandemic, while Boeing hasn't made a profit since 2018. Airbus total backlog, which are planes that have been ordered but not yet delivered, is 8726, compared to Boeing's 5643, which represents billions of dollars in revenue and is estimated to take almost 13 years to complete. We've gone from back in 1978 where you would hardly ever see an Airbus airplane in the US, to now having well over 50% of the market here in the US. Since 2019, Airbus has delivered more planes annually than Boeing, which has been dealing with crisis after crisis, including two deadly crashes of its best selling 737 Max eight, which grounded that aircraft for nearly two years. It's also been dealing with significant financial losses, manufacturing issues and production limitations. One thing I want to be clear about Airbus was already winning the race before the Max ran into trouble because the A321 in general was winning share. Narrowbodies make up the majority of the commercial aircraft flying today. These planes are very versatile. They can do multiple short trips a day or across oceans and continents. Boeing's 737 was the world's best selling narrowbody until 2019, when Airbus A320 surpassed it in total orders. And depending on how many planes are delivered in 2025, the A320 could take the reigns as the most produced jet family in history. If you look across the board at the backlogs and indeed at and orders. Everything is fine in every category except for the A321, which is absolutely crushing it. Cnbc explores how Airbus came to be the biggest commercial plane manufacturer and whether it can stay on top. The official 737 christening ceremony took place in the new final Assembly building. In the late 60s. Boeing was dominating the commercial aircraft market. It had just debuted the 737 and the world's first ever widebody jet. The massive 747 European aerospace companies took notice. The biggest misconception about Airbus is that it was some sort of instant creation, circa 1969. It really wasn't. It was a merger of a number of European national champion aerospace companies that had been building planes since World War II or World War One, and the only way they could do it was by pooling their resources. Thus, Airbus. As more people took to the skies, airlines looked to operate bigger aircraft. At the time, all widebody planes had 3 or 4 engines. For reference, a widebody typically has two aisles, flies longer distances, and can carry anywhere from 250 to 500 passengers, while a narrow body or single aisle has one single aisle through. The cabin flies shorter distances and can have 100 to 230 seats. Airbus shows up in the 1970s saying, hey, we have a widebody plane, but with just two engines, and airlines sat up and said, whoa, two engines and obviously two engines that can take you the same distance as three are better because your maintenance costs are a lot lower. In 1972, Airbus introduced the first twin engine widebody jetliner, the A300. Despite having only two engines, the A300 could only carry around 250 passengers versus the massive 747, which could be configured to fit over 500. Not a lot of people saw the need for an intermediate sized jet, so production rates were 1 or 2 per month for quite a few years. In 1978, the Deregulation Act was enacted in the US, creating more competition, new airlines and expansion of smaller ones. As airline needs shifted in the 80s, the demand for cost effective short haul aircraft grew. They began to see the need for a new generation single aisle basically centered around 150 seats. Airbus had not yet made a profit, and the company needed a plane in its fleet to compete with Boeing's popular narrowbody, the 737, which had already been around since 1967. Airbus launched the A320 single aisle program in 1984. The workhorse of the Airbus commercial jet family is the A320. The A320 was one of the few commercial aircraft designed to compete against Boeing's 737 powerhouse, and has succeeded where others have failed. Its fuselage is a little bit wider than the 737, and some airlines have taken advantage of that to put in slightly wider seats. The A320 debuted with a lot of new advanced technology. It was one of the first commercial jets that used a sidestick versus yoke controls. This is still a key difference between Airbus and Boeing planes today. It also introduced fly by wire controls, meaning when you pull back on the Sidestick, it sends electronic signals to a computer to move the aircraft versus a physical cable. One could argue from a flight controls point of view, the A320 is a generation ahead of the 737. When it first came into the market, it was controversial. Fly by wire when it first came out into the market was something that was really just used in military airplanes. The Jets debut, however, ended in a crash during the first demonstration flight at an airshow in 1988. When the A320 was first introduced, it suffered a series of accidents, including some fatal accidents that killed crew and passengers Seizures, and that really stalled the public acceptance of the plane. It took a while there, too, to get traction, but when it did, well, um, it succeeded far beyond expectations. A320 just came into the world 20 years later and has that advantage in terms of just fundamental design differences to the airframe. By the 1990s, the A320 success would start to put pressure on its US competitors. Airbus, which was backed by European governments, made its first operating profits. Once Airbus was more market proven as an aircraft builder and US airlines started to see the performance results of the Airbus aircraft and other airlines fleets, they became more open to buying Airbus planes, and it was really the A320 that helped Airbus crack the door open into the US market and many other parts of the world. Basically, Boeing through all of this had 50% of the market. So what you basically had was Douglas, Lockheed and Airbus duking it out for the other half. Lockheed exited sometime in the mid 80s and then everyone. New McDonnell Douglas matter of time. In 1997, McDonnell Douglas merged with Boeing, forming the duopoly we know today. If you think about the evolution of Airbus and Airbus really started in the narrowbody market with no market share, edged out Douglas, and then continued to get share. The Boeing 737 family and the Airbus A320 family are the company's best selling planes and have been a crucial segment of competition. The list price for one A321neo is around $129 million. Competition was head to head when it came to widebodies, too. In the 90s, more fuel efficient twin engine widebodies were introduced. Airbus debuted the A330 and A340, while Boeing introduced its 777, the A330. They kept refining it at Airbus, it did pretty well, and then Boeing attacked with the 787 Dreamliner, and despite all the flaws baked into that development program, it did better than the A330 in the long run. Then, from 2003 to 2005, Airbus took more orders and delivered more planes than Boeing. That 50 over 50 formula kept persisting, and what Boeing was doing was effectively winning on profitability rather than market share. They were willing to say, all right, we're going to be 50%, but our margins are going to be 9%. Yours are going to be four or less. It was a formula that worked for them until, of course, the problems with the max. Despite declining sales for four engine jets, Airbus spent billions creating the biggest double decker quad engine commercial aircraft in the world and possibly the most identifiable Airbus plane, the A380. It was in service from 2007 until it ended production in 2021. The A380 is an engineering marvel. Unfortunately, in a way, the A380 success was eclipsed by the success of Airbus's smaller aircraft, namely the A330 family and more recently, the A350, which are twin engine aircraft that can hold 250 to 400, 450 or so passengers and operate ultra long range routes. And you looked at Airbus and you thought, wow, you're going to be tied for number one. You might even be number one. The only thing you could do to screw that up is launch a superjumbo for a market that's going away super fast. And that's exactly what they did. It cost them a decade. Today, Boeing still dominates the widebody market with nearly 56% of the global fleet. These aircraft are used for long haul travel like international flights. Boeing currently has a backlog of over 1500 widebody planes. The company has had multiple manufacturing issues with its 787 Dreamliner and the 777X, which has yet to be certified, is years behind schedule. In 2012, Airbus announced it would begin manufacturing in mobile, Alabama. You go back to 1978, and Airbus had a small office here in the US with about a dozen people working there. Roll forward to 2025, and we have a very large manufacturing facility that manufactures airplanes in mobile, Alabama. We build helicopters in Mississippi, we build satellites in Florida, and actually our presence in over 40 locations across the Today, Airbus biggest customer is Delta Air Lines. It has slightly more Airbus planes in its fleet than Airbus has had a different manufacturing strategy than Boeing. Theirs has been more regional. So they have a final assembly plant, a foul, as they call them in Asia, one in North America, one in Europe, where Boeing's final assembly has been highly concentrated in in North America. China was almost exclusively Boeing customer for many, many years by having a final assembly line in China. I think Airbus would argue that that helped them get some share in China. Airbus has been manufacturing in the US for nearly ten years. It's about to open a third production line, two of which are for the A320 family and the other for its smaller 220 jets it acquired from Bombardier in 2020. In 2010, Airbus announced a new variation of its best selling narrowbody called the A320neo, short for New Engine option, which promised a 15% less fuel burn than the previous generation. In 2011, Airbus had a record number of orders for 1419 aircraft, more than double than the year before. That same year, American Airlines, which had been strictly a Boeing customer, put in an order for hundreds of these new planes. And in 2019, the A320 family surpassed the 737 in total orders. Originally, the business case was for around 600 airplanes and now we are up to 19,000. Boeing's response to the more fuel efficient A320 was the re-engined 737 Max that debuted in 2017, but over the next few years, the manufacturer faced a series of challenges. In 2018 and 2019, two 737 Max eight crashed and killed 346 people. It was later found a flight control system known as MCAS had malfunctioned on both flights. The planes were grounded for several months and production rates were reduced. Then the pandemic brought air travel to a halt, and the company had a record loss of $12 billion in 2020. Airbus saw losses of over 1 billion in both 2019 and 2020, but returned to profitability in 2021. But Airbus has consecutively had more annual orders and deliveries since 2019, making it the world's largest planemaker. Then in 2024, a door plug flew off of Boeing 737 Max nine plane, leading to more production delays of its best selling jet and an annual loss of $11.8 billion in 2024. Airbus has profited from the challenges that Boeing has faced. Some airlines decided to place orders with Airbus for aircraft rather than And if you look at Airbus's backlog today, it's dominated by A321. Airlines looking to cut down on fuel costs have been turning to these more efficient, longer range narrowbodies for longer flights like JFK to LA or the East Coast to Europe. Of our single aisle order book or backlog, as we call it, 72% of the Airbus A321. And that's opening up routes and markets that they couldn't fly directly before. The economics with single aisles were so much better than the economics with widebodies. And the Airbus A321neo wasn't perfect, but it was the biggest and best single aisle you could get, and leading Airbus to effectively a 60 or 65% market share from the standpoint of both deliveries and orders and backlog. It's become the hinge factor between the two. Boeing doesn't really have a comparable airplane. 737 Max nine isn't quite as big. The ten is big, but it doesn't quite have the range. So where Airbus has done well in the market is they have a product that Boeing really doesn't have. The 737 Max ten has a range of 3100 nautical miles and can seat a maximum of 230 people, versus the A321neo, which has a range of 4700 nautical miles and can seat 244 passengers. But the Max ten has yet to be certified. The bad news is, given these delays, these many year delays and given the challenges, and also, frankly, you've got this attack on the administrative state in Washington, which is also toxic for Boeing's standpoint. These are resources they need to certify planes. And are increasingly in short supply. So there's a lot about Doge and the attack on the FAA and other administrative agencies. That's really not all good from the standpoint of Boeing's certification. In 2024. Airbus delivered 766 planes compared to Boeing's 348. Most of the revenue from aircraft is received on delivery. Boeing 737 Max production has been capped at 38 planes a month since January 2024 by the Federal Aviation Administration. That rate was 52 planes a month prior to the pandemic, and two Max crashes so far in 2025. It surpassed monthly delivery goals compared to last year. Airbus has faced production challenges to it, like the rest of the industry, has been dealing with supply chain issues post-pandemic and an engine recall for many of its jets. There was the Pratt GTF engine two years ago with the difficulties they encountered with the metal powder issue that is leading to a big recall campaign, and that is limiting the number of engines going for new fit for for us. Also last year, with production difficulties faced by CFM and their supply chain. That has led to a difficult end of 2024 and also some shortages at the beginning of this year. Airbus deliveries have been lower compared to last year, but the company said it still expects to deliver 820 new planes by year end. The medium term, it's hard to see anything that stops Airbus from controlling that all important mid market segment. We're really talking about a battle for the 2030s here. The 2020s have been decided. The industry could face other challenges like tariffs and a possible recession in the coming months. For an industry that's thoroughly globalized this is absolutely toxic. There's a lot about these tariffs we just don't know right now. But it's remarkable the extent to which the jetliner industry became a model of free trade. And the US competed and absolutely did great with an enormous trade surplus, and that's now at risk. Now, as for the airplanes themselves, yeah, the majority of structures are indeed imported. Even though Airbus now has manufacturing in mobile, Alabama, it still imports parts like wings and fuselages. The US exports six times more than it imports in aerospace products and components. And so the concern about tariff regime is that that is then going to impede in that supply chain. And it's going to add to the costs of the airplane. More expensive airplanes could mean rising costs for the consumer. Both the Boeing 737 and the Airbus A320 and their variations are newer interpretations of jets designed decades ago. The industry has been waiting for new technologies, engines and designs to be introduced. The A320 has been a platform that's been around for many decades. The next generation airplane will be a completely new platform. It's going to be based on new propulsion techniques, a new wing design, new materials, and also a more digitally enabled airplane. We hope to see that flying in the second half of the next decade. It is so much more complex to design and build a new airliner today than it was decades ago. Airlines are struggling with what is the right design, what materials go into it? What engines do we use for it? What fuel powers it? In 2022, Boeing's CEO at the time, Dave Calhoun, announced that it would not introduce a new airplane into the next decade. So on that range and payload envelope, they've really got nothing that competes with the A321neo. They need a new They absolutely need a new So that of course, told people that they should go and order an A321neo, which they did. There were 1300 Hundred sales in the following 12 months. So Dave Calhoun, in a lot of ways, was the very best CEO that Airbus ever had. Airbus hasn't announced a new clean sheet plane either, but at a recent summit outlined what technologies could potentially power a new single aisle aircraft. And despite Boeing's struggles, experts say it's not inevitable that Airbus lead continues. Airbus is just positioned better because they just have more latitude to kind of wait and see because of their product lineup today. Right now, things look fantastic next five years at least. But eventually someone is going to disrupt them and it might just be a resurgent Boeing. And for the first time in way over a decade, they actually have a really good leader at the helm. Experts also say China's Comac could enter the market. If Comac is able to make inroads in the West. Especially, the Chinese government decides to subsidize the sale of those airplanes to get some sales into Western airlines. That could introduce one of the most serious threats to both Airbus and Boeing that we have seen in a long time. Brazil based Embraer could also be a strong competitor to enter the narrowbody space. The company, which makes smaller regional and business jets, has been talked about as a company that could disrupt the duopoly. I'd put my money on Embraer. First, Embraer is a very, very capable company. Good engineers. If Boeing doesn't do a competitive response, then again, the 321 neo becomes the hinge of fate. Obviously, in the long run, a lot can go wrong with that. It's your classic innovator's dilemma. Why would you disrupt yourself when you're the overwhelmingly dominant player on the market? So will something change? It must. Entropy, right? But until then, Airbus gets two thirds of the market, which is not at all bad.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pictureinpicture2668: Boing needs to wake up
  2. @pictureinpicture2668: The 321 is the best
  3. @redneckincanada: This story is brought to you today by our sponsor, Airbus.
  4. @ginborgho: ''better buy from Toulouse if you don't want to lose''
  5. @gearoftones8585: Airbus are the kings now. Boeing destroyed themselves.
  6. @rollvideo: Congratulations Airbus on not crashing (as much). You really do understand the principles of FLIGHT!
  7. @ɗjango: It is clear what happens when the maximization of profits under market capitalism becomes the state’s primary objective. This was the criticism Noam Chomsky consistently warned against, yet the world is ultimately being run by corporations like Boeing. That is the root cause of today’s global crisis.

"Airbus have EASA write the rules for them to push innovation, Boeing has lobbyists stop the FAA from forcing them to innovate on old designs."@soffici1
  8. @JulianDambek: By stealing the cSeries from Bombardier. Boeing did it to themselves by attacking Bombardier. Just a string of bad Karma.
  9. @shovelmasterfunk6709: Boeing has been dealing with 3 problems for decades.  1. Having to compete with a government subsidized corporation, Airbus  2. Being the subject of American media which is observably Anti-American. 3. And the worst problem, having a management team that is avaricious to the extent of seriously damaging the company they are supposed to be managing.
  10. @kevins8575: Boeing is leading in both deliveries and orders in 2026. Don't believe all the chinese propaganda against Boeing.
  11. @GT3.01: Airbus A380 is so much better than 747. Airbus is just superior overall. End of.
  12. @colbertcolb9561: Boeing beat itself... in the face... again... and again and again and again.
  13. @n0v1ce45: How Boeing fell for Airbus to surpass them as the world's top plane maker*
  14. @SeánONilbud: Boeing and Intel both died because they went from being engineer led to finance goons.
  15. @daniloleonphd: Airbus 100%
  16. @CW-rx2js: Airbus top management are also engineers who studied management...their CEO is a double engineer, was also a test pilot and knows his stuff
  17. @bootmenoswat: It helps when you keep your clients alive
  18. @awaitsliam: Doors don't fall off and planes don't have systems that fly them into the ground... don't need a 20 minute video to explain that.
  19. @TNT-0007: Never fly Boeing
  20. @MagedNosir: ❤

- Airplane Partnerships...The BEST Way To Own | 2 Year Mooney Partnership Review: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to my time to fly you know recently a viewer commented on one of my videos asking how's it been owning an airplane in a partnership what has been the good and bad of that situation so i thought i'd just take a few minutes and talk through my experience over the past couple years owning an airplane in a partnership now there's a good chance i won't answer your specific questions or i'll create more questions that what than what i answer don't hesitate to drop a comment below i'll respond to them as fast as i can because you know we're in this together and all i can do is help share my experiences so that you all can make the best possible decisions just a little side note if you are interested in owning your first airplane or maybe you already own an airplane and just want to add to the fleet stay tuned to the channel over the next couple of weeks make sure you hit that like button or subscribe to the channel so that there's a better chance that my next video pops up in your feed i've got a little idea that i'd like to run through the community and kind of gauge interest around it is really for two reasons one to try and get some more affordable airplanes out there on the market and two to maybe save some airplanes as a community that are falling to the wayside that are no longer being maintained uh are out of annual haven't flown in a long time i think if we come together as a group as a community uh we can make that happen anyway since it's a little boring to just stare at me while i'm talking about airplane ownership i'm gonna roll a little bit of footage from our recent flight and talk about owning an airplane in a partnership thanks for being here so let's talk about the good stuff first number one on the list of a really good thing for me has been partnership size there are currently only two of us in the partnership which seems to be a great size given all of our variables honestly we've even been considering bringing on a third partner as we feel like it might keep the playing flying more often which is great for any airplane there are really three important variables you should consider while deciding on partnership member count in my opinion they are number one how much you each plan to fly my partner and i both strive to fly around 50 to 100 hours a year and realistically we're more towards the low end of that range if your goal is to fly much more than 100 hours per year then maybe sole ownership would be a better route for you number two how much airplane you want to afford as you've likely seen in a video i'll link at the top of the screen we bought our airplane quite inexpensively if we wanted an airplane with a higher value or one that had higher maintenance costs i would likely look for more partners and number three the amount of independence you want in decision making my biggest fear with having more than two members in the partnership is the stalling of decision making so far it's been very easy to arrive at decisions with only two of us involved i don't want to lose that dynamic the second really good thing in my partnership has been shared goals it's been great that both of us in the partnership have similar objectives in aviation neither of us are on a path to the airlines or fly such a different mission that we need the airplane to be equipped differently this goes right back to the decision making comment from above since we're both vfr pilots making small trips and flying locally neither of us has a reason to push for an autopilot a wasp gps or any other very expensive upgrades now i'm not saying that won't ever happen but right now our objectives are aligned well finally the thing that's helped in our partnership has been excitement around the same aircraft in every partnership there are compromises that must occur it's my opinion that the biggest compromise in any airplane ownership partnership is simply what airplane to buy very few people can decide what the best airplane is for them as a sole owner now imagine how hard it can be when two or more pilots are trying to come to a consensus in our case we were both open to a variety of airplanes as you can see in this video linked above our initial thought process took us from both ends of the spectrum i'll take the credit for being the persuasive voice that pushed us towards the moony the other leading candidate late in the process was a straight tail cessna 182 which ironically enough was being sold out of a partnership where three of the four members had never flown the airplane or had quit flying kind of crazy anyway now that we've owned the moony for two years or so we know we bought the right platform we're each excited now more than ever to have such a capable airplane in the hangar if you're not able to agree on the right airplane for your partnership don't force it find a new partner that is more aligned with you of course there are some things that could go better in any business arrangement which shared ownership really is in our case we have both made compromises throughout the first couple years of ownership and i've dumped them into really two categories so these are the two things that maybe could have gone better or maybe we didn't think about going in number one is what i call responsibility equity with only two people in the partnership it's pretty easy to divide up responsibilities but circumstances often force more responsibility to one partner over the other now you might say if i owned the airplane myself all that responsibility would be mine which is probably true however as a sole owner you could make decisions without having to consult with your partner and you can eliminate some of the excess accounting work that is needed in the this has not been a major issue in our partnership but there have been plenty of times when one partner felt like they were taking on more responsibility than the other so number two on the watch out list is changing needs you know the more partners involved in an airplane the bigger chance you're going to run into this changing needs scenario in my case my partner made a move geographically in the past few months and now the plane being kept in sparta where we've always had it isn't really optimal for him now we aren't planning to move the airplane but you can imagine that the further the airplane is from any one member the less likely they are to fly and that's not what we want to have happen this is just one example of changing needs there's so many more that can arise just imagine if my wife and i decided to have a third child which we're not that change might make us really want a cherokee six but if my partner didn't want to make that jump i would just feel stuck this is just a good example of why it's important to have clear bylaws detailing how partners can sell their share to wrap this conversation up has been undoubtedly the best option for me i could not have made the jump into airplane ownership without a little bit of the sense of security and the team atmosphere of having a i feel i was really really lucky to find a partner that i did somebody who had such shared goals and interests as me it's made this journey it's made owning an airplane in a partnership a breeze and really a lot of fun so like i mentioned earlier don't rush it don't force yourself into a situation that doesn't seem right for you if it feels like a bad idea it probably is take your time find the right partner get in a great partnership and go find your time to fly thanks again for being here catch you on the next one you

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelcouch75 [3 likes]: Getting ready to enter into a partnership with a few people.  The one thing that I already know will be frustrating is that I’m 20 miles from the airplanes home airport and only 1 mile from my local airport.
  2. @DWBurns [2 likes]: I am in a partnership in a 1973 Piper Arrow. The members are my wife, my son in law and me. It is working out well, I pay, wife flys, son in law does grunt work when not working on his farm.
I bought the plane and paid for the upgrades. I want new seats so grunt work starts soon. We have a new engine now, next engine is on the next generation. 
Nice thing in our partnership is I pay, I make the decision. We are going to a glass panel soon. Right now the plan is for Dynon HXD.
  3. @aeroringordmngr8739 [2 likes]: I’m in the LSA World  due to a Class 3 Medical issue. Just flew a RV12is that I really enjoyed. Modern Dynon glass, auto pilot and 3.8-4.5 Gal per hour. Being retired and living in South Florida I want to be able to look outside and head to the airport when the mood strikes me. I also want to be able to fly long cross countries an not rush back. So in my case single owner is the way to go. Good luck. KAPF
  4. @MikeAlphaRain [2 likes]: In other cultures they said: share your car is like share your wife, I think it's not available for airplanes 😅
  5. @spiro5327 [2 likes]: Great to see your partnership has worked out well, but i guess no partnership will run smoothly all of the time. If only we could all afford to own our own plane on our own. Thanks
  6. @mitchmclain4809 [1 likes]: Just came across your video. I bought a Mooney J a year and a half ago. My son and I fly a good bit. One of my friends who is a corporate pilot approached me about forming a partnership on the plane. We are still looking into the details. It sounds nice to split costs, but I like having it available whenever I want it. I need to look more at the numbers and make a list of pros and cons.
  7. @eddieslittlestack7919 [1 likes]: I liked the way you edited in the plane video as you spoke. Thumbs up Sir!
  8. @terrenceharris9002 [1 likes]: Did you do a LLC or just a partnership contract?
  9. @loupitou06fl [1 likes]: Thanks a lot for sharing this video with us. Very instructive. I'm in the process to start a partnership on a M20E and your videos are a great help. One thing I'm struggling with right now is insurance, since we are both low hours pilots, quotes are very high - when the insurance respond. May I ask how you guys navigated that issue ? Did you build time in make & model before buying your Mooney ?
  10. @bowhuntinoh [1 likes]: Nice overview of how it works. We have an10 member partnership or as we call it a club. We own 2 aircraft a 172 , 182 and very few problems with availability.
  11. @jimsteinway695 [1 likes]: With all due respect I didn’t learn much. You’re 6 minutes in and didn’t discuss anything about partnering on an airplane then you get into stuff you should discuss before even purchasing an aircraft.  I learned nothing about specifically owning a Mooney in a partnership
  12. @IFlip4wins [1 likes]: I'm looking at a partnership right now and this was very helpful! Thank you for the insight!
  13. @jeromes5141 [1 likes]: I'm on paternity leave and was hoping to make a trip to see you. The plane has been out of annual and the shop has been super busy so I'm stuck at the moment. Started her up yesterday since last flight in mid September, ran her for some time, and only to find a lil oil on the cowling lip when I shut her down😔. Hope the annual is not that hectic. I stayed away from the partnership n I'm happy with the way things are at the moment. I Don't have to worry about a next person landing my Mooney rough and breaking stuff.
  14. @calebsutherland8878 [1 likes]: If you were looking for a partner right now, where would you start looking?
  15. @stevespessard2306: Any suggestions as to how to find a partner or 2?  Advertising?

- How to Buy an Airplane Part Two: Partnerships - Time - No Hangar: Kind: captions Language: en well would you look at that almost 1,000 views on a video titled how to buy an airplane and if that is not you if this is not what you're here for you have exactly 10 seconds to leave an angry comment and then move on to another video from a person that's just trying to do their best to entertain [Music] you okay and we're back for the rest of you that stuck around today we're going to talk a little bit more about how to buy an airplane and we're going to pick a couple topics that I've really wanted to touch on with some of my friends so let's just put this together and maybe help a few more people in the future first a word about me I am resourceful and by resourceful I mean cheap but let's call it resourceful it makes me feel better there was a point in time in this video when I decided to call myself poor but let's be honest I'm surrounded by some of the most amazing people in the world and so I'll never be truly poor I'm rich in love and you should be too but the way call your mom all right moving on do you want evidence of exactly how resourceful I am well you've had it all along and no it's not the airplanes but if you look in the background of some of my videos you've probably seen cars that get the job done either moving me around to work or moving stuff around inside them like this van and this BMW and this and this but you want to know something each one of those Vehicles came from a junkyard where it was either mechanically total or to total in some accident and I spent time and a little bit of money putting them back together getting them inspected and getting them back on the road and you know what you can too with the right set of tools and knowledgeable people around you there's really nothing stopping you from getting your vehicles back on the road or in this case getting airplanes back in the air let's talk first about the video that I highlighted in the beginning how to buy an airplane we started off by examining some of the reactions to saying that you wanted airplane I made you feel bad for still waiting until 2025 to decide to purchase an airplane and some of you put it off even longer than that but that's okay and then I told you to go and do things in Reverse first to go look up insurance rates find a place to park it and then consider your mission have you done that if you haven't perfectly fine keep listening I've got more content to share today what we're going to look at are three other pillars of airplane ownership that being afforded ability your time and infrastructure affordability takes care of itself can you afford this airplane or do you need a partner to fly the airplane time are you actually going to have time to maintain fly and keep this airplane in tiptop shape and then infrastructure what does it really mean to have an airplane parked outside its entire life I think you'd be pretty surprised to know that we can answer that question pretty easily stick around and let's examine okay we're going to click here you've done this before you know exactly what I'm getting at you know what I really want a Cessna 210 Centurion we got six of them for sale that's awesome let's see yeah $239,000 but I want this one specifically this one because it's $239,000 okay well janza said you I'm going to go pick November 73 to kilo Charlie and I'm going to get an insurance quote on that do I have a place to park it h I probably can park it outside that's fine and then what's my mission am I going to fill up all seats yeah I think so things got quite a bit of useful load 1,400 lb that's pretty incredible 900 miles Yep this is the airplane okay I I don't have $239,000 okay that's let's re-evaluate yeah now we're talking I totally do that 185 looks fantastic all logs since 1965 this is great good compressions 4 and2 gallons per hour Yep this is probably what I can afford this sounds awesome huh I could really make that work at $88,500 still don't have $8,500 but we can make it work yeah no engine no no glass no nothing yeah I could do this you probably shouldn't but I could actually I I can't but but I could pretend I could pretend I'm sorry you'll never get that 3 minutes of your life back but we did that to prove a point the airplane that you want isn't necessarily the airplane that you could afford isn't necessarily the airplane that you're going to get you're going to have to take a long hard look at your finances to figure out exactly what situation you're willing to put yourself in an airplane that's worth $20,000 you could probably come up with a loan from an institution like light stream and get that done overnight that's really no big deal can you afford to keep up with it that's a totally different story I cannot go into detail on everyone's specific financial situation and I won't pretend that I could so if you're already upset about where we are in the video again 10 seconds you're free to leave but if you're still here I'm here to tell you that there's an alternative let's go to caranza we're at that part of the video where we're going to talk about Partnerships and I'm going to talk about specifically Equity Partnerships and then reciprocal Partnerships that's not a term that I see out there quite often but we're going to put that into the light of the person that wants a slightly more capable airplane but doesn't know how to afford said capable airplane um you're the person that's looking for a$2 200 or $300,000 airplane but you don't have $200 or $300,000 that's perfectly fine that is okay there's a way to get out of that find then it's called a partnership an equity partner is someone that you're going to split the cost of the airplane with right down the middle left and right one2 one2 everyone goes equal and you pick the type of person that you'd want to deal with on a daily basis surrounding maintenance and upgrades and the other things that come along with airplane ownership the people in a partnership make or break the partnership that's as easy as it goes nothing else matters your bylaws will be your bylaws your rules are going to be your rules but if that person isn't on the same wavelength you're going to have a very difficult time enjoying the partnership and enjoying the airplane that's brought together by that partnership so that's that would be my advice to anyone who's looking at a partnership we can do a totally different video about flying clubs I've started a flying club before and it went great we had two airplanes and up to I think 14 or 15 members shared uh sharing both airplanes it worked out really really well but for this partnership we're talking about finding a $200,000 airplane and both of you finding a way to come up with $100,000 a reciprocal partnership is the type where you have a slightly less capable airplane let's say a two- seed airplane and your reciprocal partner has a slightly nicer airplane a six seed airplane you know a bonanza a Cessna 210 or a piper Lance or Saratoga it's what I'm looking at right now so those are my examples you allow them to fly your airplane when their mission dictates that they only need to go around for 1 hour to pick up you know pick up a part from uh Aircraft Spruce and they allow you to fly their airplane when you need to take four people on that long cross country trip so that's that reciprocal partnership Okay so we've talked about making it a little bit more affordable now let's talk about your your time 4 score + 10 that's 90 years for everyone that was about to pull out a phone and start googling that's what we've been given and hopefully you're lucky enough to make it that far so what's your time worth how do you calculate that realistically there's not a lot more to say except make sure you can fly your airplane at least once a week or have someone else fly your airplane at least once a week there are plenty people out there trying to build time and there's going to be someone that's ready and willing to fly your airplane to keep it properly exercised then make a relationship with a maintenance professional find an AM buy them a drink and tell them about your flying future sometimes it really is as simple as that I will say that if that amp has a pilot's license or has an interest in getting a pilot's license your airplane and your resources might just be the thing that they looking for to make another type of partnership this maintenance partnership enjoy okay you've made it this far into the video I'm really proud of you go ahead and leave a comment down below that says still here just so I know that you're a real fan and you hung on until the very end now for the most important rant of this entire video do not let the unavailability of hangers stop you from buying your dream airplane rant over now the purists and the ones that are used to luxury will tell you a hanger is is completely necessary but again just like in that video that I posted before I will tell you right now that these airplanes were designed in a time where grass runways were the rule and Hangers were a luxury these airplanes have properly maintained and flown regularly will do just fine outside allow me to point your attention to this airplane that's been sitting up okay wait a minute that's a really bad example this is not a good example this airplane spends most of its time outside except for the time that it's getting maintained or upgraded this airplane will sit outside and do just fine fly the thing lubricate the thing and you'll spend much less time opening your hanger door pulling your airplane out closing the hanger door wondering if you close the hanger door wondering if your hanger is going to fall on the airplane you get the point right don't make excuses for not buying that airplane if you really think your finances can stand the test of time I look forward to Flying and learning more with you this year and oh by the way you probably owe yourp a call so you may want to get on that we've got lots of things we need to do this year we'll see you soon you have called your amp haven't you

  Top Comments:
  1. @HamMack600: Still here in 2026. I definitely want to buy but these prices for 50+ yr old planes are ridiculous. I just can’t justify it. The cost per flight hour is more than double a rental.
  2. @timjohnson1578: lol still here , A&P and PPl . 

About to do the partnership and get back into GA. Thanks for the video
  3. @zxr92: Still here
  4. @brentbusby74: "Car Jawanza" ha ha.  I'm on a multi-year hangar wait list around PDK and between either waiting for a hangar and having no airplane vs. tying down and HAVING an airplane...I'll take tying down.     Tks for the reassurance.
  5. @GingerThePlane: Lots of great advice, especially going in the reverse direction approach. Still here, really enjoying your content. 👍✈️🍀
  6. @tedmeyer8778: Still here (for the 'Shen Yun' ads)
  7. @leonardofinlay3715: still here!
  8. @caseymorton2912: Good insight
  9. @joellaplant5837: “Let’s call it resourceful, it makes me feel better.”
“Call your mom.”
Dexter vibes head ahh😏
  10. @WeekendFlier: Still here!
  11. @heavygrey: Angry commenter here. Rabble rabble etc. Carry on. 💝
  12. @MrSixstring2k: Still here
  13. @brianschalme1457: Still here!
  14. @chrisstoughton5560: Still here! What a great video! Yes I did call my A&P!!! 😆I'm so glad that there is still some common sense in the world. None of us is perfect, but I like your attitude in that you can fix broken things and make them useable for your needs. I have an A35 Bonanza, with a lot of sweat labor, and a great friend who is my A&P, together we have made it a safe and reliable plane. Fixing old stuff rules!
  15. @jj355f1: Still here!
  16. @1dullgeek: 2:47 I had to stop the video for a few seconds so that I could finish laughing! That was great! I really enjoy your sense of humor.

I'm in an equity partnership and I couldn't agree with you more that the partners matter more than anything else. And the bylaws and everything else is a backup only needed if you can't work things out with the people.

Also: Still here.
  17. @RobertChellberg-pk2ne: Still here
  18. @MichaelCarterShow: @10:08 is perfect for a commercial ad! 🤣#still here fambam. Entp spirit! Enjoy your weekend! Salute my gud brotha!
  19. @iamtuben2: "Yes"!  I'm still here. I really enjoyed part #1 and of course, now part #2. I've longed to be an aircraft owner for decades but I've aloud life (and of course wife) to supercede my desire to make that happen. Now that I'm retired, I have the time and resources to get back into flying (rusty pilot for sure) i still have a burning desire to have my own. Thanks for all of these excellent tips, advice and inspiration. Wish you were my neighbor, I'm not an A/P, but I know my way around a tool box.
  20. @GingerThePlane: Great information here! New Sub, heard you on Russ Can Fly, big fan of flying videos. I’m in the PNW but originally from Western Mass, got my ticket there. Best to you in 2025, looking forward to following your flying and channel.

- 100% Bonus Depreciation: A Game Changer for Aircraft Buyers: Kind: captions Language: en Hi there, I'm JP Dice with Skybound Partners. Big news in the aviation world recently. 100% bonus depreciation is back. With me is KJ McCarter. He's with Aviation Tax Consultants. What does all of this mean for someone making the big investment to buy an airplane? It's a it's a huge deal for aircraft owners and purchasers to have 100% bonus depreciation back because it allows uh a much more substantial tax savings in year one for a taxpayer acquiring an aircraft. So, I know we can dive into the details uh here in a couple minutes, but it's a it's a huge win for the industry for sure. Okay. You know, I it's my understanding and the reason I I'm talking to you, you're the tax expert, but this is not for everybody buying an aircraft. You just can't automatically write this airplane off. It has to have some there's some rules related to business use. Correct. Correct. Correct. We have to be using the aircraft for legitimate, well doumented business use in order to be able to depreciate the aircraft to begin with. So this only applies to those taxpayers that are purchasing an aircraft for business use. Aircraft that are used purely for personal use, this 100% bonus depreciation uh uh law passing won't have any implication for them. Okay. So give me some examples. Uh and just thinking here somebody that hey I'm buying an airplane because I want to go on weekend trips to the beach. That's not it. But let's say you are a company and you have uh offices throughout the southeast or even beyond that and you need to get your employees from point A to point B to visit those offices or you need to to visit those those facilities. This is where this comes into play or maybe even visiting potential clients or customers. You hit the nail on the head. All all the above. uh companies that are acquiring an aircraft to fly around to their offices throughout the southeast or throughout the United States. Uh companies that are going to uh fly around to visit with clients or prospects or go to job sites or go give quotes. uh whatever that non-local travel need is. As long as it's a legitimate business need that the company has for the aircraft, that's who can benefit from this 100% bonus depreciation because they'll have the ability to write off their use of the aircraft for their portion of use that is uh for business. Uh give me a simple example. We'll we'll talk about a jet aircraft that say costs $5 million and and a company was going to buy this or an individual that has a company is buying this airplane. How does this work as far as what happens in the tax process? Yep. So, let's say it's a company that has a $10 million taxable bottom line before the plane. So, they were going to profit $10 million before they went out and acquired an aircraft. Let's say they go out and this summer they're on the hunt for a $5 million aircraft and they buy it in the fall. If they use the plane for 100% business use in 2025, for example, then we can depreciate the full $5 million purchase price of the aircraft in 2025 against that $10 million of taxable income. So taxable income goes from 10 million to 5 million after we depreciate the plane. and our tax savings. It depends on the the tax rate that's being applied to that taxable income, but let's just say it's as a napkin math rule of thumb, let's say it's 40%. We just save 40% of $5 million. So, $2 million bucks. Okay? So, a significant savings uh for a company that is going to be using an aircraft for for business uh because of this change in the law. Now, let's talk about something else that sometimes confuses people. Recapture. How does that work? Because on the back end, there's some recapture here. That is that is the caveat for that hypothetical. We save 2 million in 2025, but let's say we go and sell that plane in 2029. Let's say we sell it for 4 million in 2029. When we sell it for 4 million in 2029, our basis in the plane is zero. We fully depreciated the plane. So, our gain on the plane is 4 million. So, we have $4 million of ordinary income in the year that we sell the plane and we pay tax on that 4 million. Okay. So, uh is is there an advantage to at that point go out and we're we're buying a new aircraft? What what what kind of the guidance there that you suggest? Great question. And that is the normal strategy amongst our client base. We don't have like kind exchange for aircraft right now, but having a 100% bonus depreciation back kind of allows us to do a a similar get to a similar result really if we sell the plane the current plane in the same year that we acquire the next plane. And if those two transactions hit the same tax return in the same tax year, they can offset each other. So let's continue on with the same example. We just sold a plane for 4 million in 2029. If we go out and buy another aircraft for 5 million in 2029, right now we're slated to have 100% bonus depreciation in 2029 as well. So, we take 100% bonus on that $5 million plane. We wipe out the $4 million of gain from the sale of the previous aircraft and we have an additional 1 million uh of depreciation to offset other taxable income in that year. So, that is that is the common strategy. Buy and sell in the same year to allow the two to kind of offset each other. Okay. makes complete sense. Uh, one other question. You you do this, you want to have all of your recordeping, all of your paperwork, uh, proper because you don't want to send out any red flags that you're not doing something that you should be doing or or or going against the the rules of the laws. What kind of documentation are you typically talking about when you're you're you're keeping records of um of of an aircraft? Excellent question. It's extremely important to have a very detailed flight log, an income tax flight log that's designed to comply with the IRS's regulations. The IRS gives us a very explicit rule set to follow for how to document our business use of an aircraft and non-b businessiness use and how to account for that non-b businessiness use. So, you want to make sure that you have a flight log that's being kept in accordance with the IRS's rules. Um, feel free to reach out to our our firm if you need help with that. Um, and in addition to that, if you are audited, you'll want support outside of the flight log that helps evidence the business flights listed within the flight log. So, things like emails, uh, meeting agendas, uh, calendar invites, walkthrough notes, things like that that help uh, evidence the business that was conducted with the aircraft as well. All extremely important to retain in the event of an IRS audit. Now, this doesn't mean if you buy an airplane for business use, you can never use it for a personal trip. There's a percentage of business versus personal. Correct. Absolutely. So, the the way to think about it is the deductibility of the plane is prrated based on how you use it in each tax year. So, for example, if we use the plane 80% of the time for business and 20% of the time flying around for vacation, there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. Uh, most of our clients do have some entertainment use the aircraft. The IRS gives us a a methodology to use to properly account for that entertainment use and not deduct it. So, essentially that 80% would be deductible to business use. The 20% would be non-deductible. So that's why in year one in 2025, we would advise our clients that they can maintain 100% business use. That's going to be optimal. So we don't have depreciation disallowance when we when we take the 100% bonus depreciation. Let's say we let's say with our same hypothetical, we had that same taxpayer that bought the plane in 2025. In 2026, they had 80% business use and 20% entertainment use. All of their aircraft related expenses in 2026 would be prrated that way. 8020, but since they stayed above 50% business use, they don't have to go back and undo the bonus depreciation that they took in 2025. So, there's a 50% hurdle that we have to maintain going forward for business use. All right, KJ, let's let's talk about your firm and and if somebody wants to uh reach out to you to set up a consultation or have you go through this process with their individual circumstance, uh what's the best way to reach out to you? Yeah, email is perfect and it's kJavviationaxconultants.com. Uh we love to do introductory calls and talk about uh what your needs are, what questions you have, sales and use tax planning in addition to the income tax planning that we're discussing right now. If we can help uh at the conclusion of that call, we'll put together an engagement propo engagement proposal. Uh if there's nothing we can help with, then there's no charge for the call. So we're always happy to do those. Uh definitely don't hesitate to reach out. All right. Uh thank you very much, KJ. Uh great advice and uh you are a wonderful resource not only to Skybound Partners but our clients as well when they they do an acquisition to help them kind of navigate through this process and do it do it the right way. So I appreciate you being with us today. Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wareairaviationservicesllc4933: So if some guys created a LLC to purchase a plane to lease back to a flying club?

- How To Talk To Air Traffic Control | ATC Radio Basics for Pilots: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're talking about one of the most intimidating things that student pilots face. Talking to air traffic control. Hey, Dear Valley Ground. I'm assess. How not to make a fool of yourself. Coming up. This video is brought to you by Plane English. One of the best ways to learn radio communications online or on your mobile device using their aviation radio simulator. Specializing in VFR and IFR communications, Plain English offers a fun, pressure-free way to get you ready to take control of the comms. More information in the description, and remember to use our code FWTG to get a discount on your subscription. If you're a student pilot, pilot who doesn't fly at controlled fields, or simply just rusting on the comms, talking to air traffic control can be intimidating, and the fear of messing up, being corrected, or not understanding what ATC just said can take the fun out of flying. But despite your fears, realize that ATC is there to help keep everyone safe and can be just as stressed as you are. Bottom line, the FAA requires certain communications to happen on the radio, and that puts pressures on the controllers. So, they have to put pressure on the pilots to make sure that everyone is in compliance. So, let's break communications down into things that are a little more simple, easier to manage. In radio communications, there's three parts. The request, instructions, and confirmation. So, you make a request to air traffic control. They give you instructions, and you repeat the instructions to confirm that you heard them correctly. Then, unless you've been asked to report back or you have a new request, you only receive and confirm updated instructions from air traffic control. That's it. That's literally all radio communication is. But because what you say and how you say it matters, we're going to dig in a little deeper by walking you guys through a flight. Now, this is going to be a generic flight. It's going to be edited for basic radio communications. And again, detailed communications for different types of airspace can be found down in the description. Now, at a controlled field, there's usually multiple controllers, each with a specific job. In our scenario, there are two. ground control to control the taxiways and tower to control the runways and airspace. Now, you always need permission to enter taxiways and runways and even when moving in between them, unless you're otherwise directed. So, today we're starting our flight over at the hangers. And the first thing we need to do is get the ADIS report, which includes weather and airport information. Dear Valley report mission echo. We made a whole video on the report and there's a link for that down in the description. But we need to let ground control know we have it using a unique identifier. And once we have that, we move the plane over to the movement area boundary and contact ground for permission to taxi. Dear Valley ground, Cessna 7560 Romeo 8 requesting taxi northwest departure with echo. That initial call may have sounded complicated. So, let's break it down into what we call the five W's. Who you're talking to, who you are, where you are, what is your request and intentions, and with what information. So, we always have to start with who we're talking to in case we happen to be on the wrong frequency. Then, we tell them who we are using our aircraft type and tail number, also known as a call sign. Then, where you are so they can find you on the airfield. Then, we give them what our request is along with our intentions. And last, we let them know we've listened to the ADIS report by giving them its identifier. Not as bad when you break it down, but this is everything ground control needs to give you your instructions. Now, the W's, they aren't the end all in communications. They're just a good technique to use. In fact, the order of where you are, what you are, and what your intentions are don't really matter. But by using the W's, communications just flow better and feel more natural. Anyways, with initial contact out of the way, now you just have to listen to what ground control tells you and confirm it so they know you heard them. Like this. 75 6 0 ground taxi runway 7 left by alpha alpha 4. Taxiing via alpha to alpha 4. Runway 7 left 6 0. It's really that easy. Just listen, confirm your instructions, and make sure you close with your tail number. That last part being really important. Without it, they don't know who just confirmed the instructions. No big deal if you forget. They'll just make you say everything again with your tail number. Also, when ground control gave me my instructions, they use the first two W's, too. That's because it lets everyone know who they are and who they're talking to. That's important because typically they will respond to you right away. But if they're busy and need to give another aircraft more pressing instructions, they may talk to them before they respond to you. And quick fact, the first two W's are always used when making initial contact, broadcasting on unicom, and on other air-to-air frequencies. Now, for me, the instructions were easy to follow because there's really only one way to get to the runway. But at a more complex airport, this can be rather intimidating. Like, if you were at Prescott, Arizona, parked here at the hangers, and you were told to taxi to this runway here, your instructions could get complicated. No big deal. Tower is there to help you. Just request a progressive taxi and they'll give you instructions just like a GPS in your car. Then you just have to confirm smaller portions of their instructions as they update you. Now, back to my taxi. I made it down to the end of the runway, and I'm ready to take off. But this boundary in front of me means I need to contact someone for clearance to enter it. Ground control has gotten me this far, but the runway is controlled by tower. So, I change over to their frequency and believe it or not, make initial contact again because now I'm talking to a different controller. Dear Valley tower, Cessna 7560 0 holding short seven left, ready for departure. This time, I didn't use all five W's. I used the first three and kind of the fourth. For that one, I just told them that I was ready for departure. This is because of how air traffic control operates. In the tower, my information was handed from ground control to tower. So they already knew what I wanted. I just need to let them know that I was ready to go. Then once everything is clear 600 LA tower, fly straight out. Runway 7 left. Clear for takeoff. Fly straight out. Runway 7 left. Cleared for takeoff. 6 0. Once I confirm the call, I can pull onto the runway and take off. But back up for a moment. From this point, air traffic control could have given me all kinds of instructions. I usually get a hold short the runway so that they can make sure it's safe for me to part. Then sometimes I'll get a line up and wait if a plane just landed and they wanted me to be on the runway ready to go as soon as the other planes off of it. But usually I get cleared for takeoff and there are a couple of other things they could tell me along with that like fly straight out. Here you need to depart the airport in line with the runway correcting for crosswinds. Fly runway heading. This one means to depart the airport on the same heading as the runway without correcting for wind. I'll call your crosswind. This is when there's other inbound aircraft and they're trying to create spacing for it. Right or left turn approved. With this, you can turn when you're at a safe altitude, but it also follows a straight out or runway heading departure when it's safe for you to make your turn. Right or left closed traffic approved. You'll get this if you're approved to stay in the pattern for touch and goes. Okay, back to the flying part. As I fly away, I'll only hear from air traffic control when they need to update my instructions or alert me to something like this after I took off. 600 Z northwestbound is approved. Northwestbound approved. 6 0. In each situation, you would just confirm and comply, but this means that you need to be listening for your call sign as long as you're in their airspace. Which brings me to abbreviated call signs. Air traffic control may contact you using your aircraft type and the last three numbers of your tail. They usually do this to help speed up communications and you can do it too. You just have to wait until they do it first because there could be someone else with a similar tail number in which case they'll keep using your full call sign. This just means that you need to be listening for both signs even when the radios are non-stop in the background. Air 23 Whiskey the Cessna ahead of you is in left closed traffic outside of them. left down departure to the west is approved. Traffic outside that traffic left down departure westbound approved 23 whiskey alpha clear alpha. That's affirmative. Left close traffic is approved. That's close traffic 6 0. Frey change approved. Sam change approved. 6 0. Thank you. Okay, that's basically it for departures. So, let's move on to arrivals. We've been going through a lot of the ins and outs already, so this should be a lot faster, but it all starts with making initial contact with air traffic control for clearance into the airspace using the 5WS. Dear Valley to Tower, Cessna 7560 over the shooting range inbound, requesting full stop with information echo. Even though we're inside of the air, the information we have to provide is still the same. For the third W, we're telling them where we're at so that they can find us on their screen. For this, you can use reporting points on the sectional or well-known locations from your area, like the shooting range in my case. But once air traffic control replies with your call sign and gives you instructions, which establishes two-way radio communications, I just need to confirm and comply. 5 6 0 left base for runway 7 left. Left base runway 7 left 6 0. Now, I was about 10 miles out when I made this call, and all air traffic controllers required to do at this point is let me know which runway is in use and the traffic pattern for it by saying, "Make right or left traffic for a runway." Well, I mean, you get the idea. But they could have told me any number of things to do, like report when I'm closer to the airport, alert me to traffic that's close by, or even tell me to remain outside of their airspace, which actually happened on my check ride. Now, what's important here is as air traffic control gives you updated instructions, you confirm and comply, which will happen as you get closer to the airport and join the traffic pattern. To help out, here are some other things that they can say. Follow traffic at your 12:00. I use 12:00 as an example here, but you'll hear this when they want you to follow someone else in the pattern and they're telling you where to look. If you see the traffic, you would respond with traffic in sight. If you don't, you're supposed to say negative contact. But a lot of pilots just say looking for traffic. Continue straight in. You're already flying the runway heading and you can fly straight in and skip the pattern. Cross over midfield and make right or left traffic. You're on the wrong side of the airport here, so they're having you fly over midfield and telling you what direction to join the pattern. Extend your downwind. I'll call your base here. They're trying to make room for other aircraft. Just keep flying until they tell you to turn. Turn base. They want you to turn base right away. Clear to land. This one is obvious, but make sure you don't land unless you hear and confirm it. The same rule applies for any type of landing. Touch and go, stop and go, short approach, whatever it is. Last, cleared for the option. And you have to request the option to be cleared for it. But if you are, you can do whatever type of landing you want. Back to my flight. Before I could actually join the pattern, I was given clearance to land. 6 0 runway 7 left. Clear for land. Clear to land. Runway 7 left. 6 0 0. Since there is no one in front of me, I was able to skip the pattern and fly directly into the base leg for landing. Pull, pull, pull, pull. Perfect. Now, after my landing, tower will give us one last set of instructions. 6 0 left at Alpha 6 and contact ground control 1.8. Have a good one. Thank you. Turn right alpha 6. Have a great day. 6 0. After fully pulling off the runway and switching frequencies to ground control, we can make our last call. Now, it is an initial call because we switched to ground control. So, we'll have to use those W's again, but we'll omit the last one because they don't care if we have the report to taxi to the hangers. Dear Valley Ground, Cesna 7560 0 alpha 6 requesting taxi to north hangers. 756 0. Dear Valley ground, taxi north ramp alpha. Taxi to north ramp via alpha 600. Well, that was a lot of information, but hopefully it can help you better understand the basics of radio communications at Towered Airports. Now, before we end this one, I wanted to give you guys a few tips. First, don't feel stupid. Everyone makes mistakes. I still mess up on my call. I messed up on a bunch today. Just roll with it and shake it off if it happens. Avoid using two and four next to important numbers in your transmission because they sound like numbers, too. Use a single transmission on initial contact or when verifying new instructions. If you miss something, don't press the button again, then just add to it. If ATC asks you to verify, just say the whole thing over again. Speak at your own pace. Just because they talk fast doesn't mean that you need to. And if they talk so fast that you can't understand them, you can always ask them to say again or speak slower. Ask for help if you need it. Like if you can't find the traffic you're following, ask air traffic control to call your base. Don't be afraid to use this one, but if you're uncomfortable with their instructions or it would be unsafe for you to follow them, say unable. A good example, if you were cleared to take off, but there's someone on short and final. Last, realize that air traffic controllers are human, can make mistakes, and have bad days. So, be kind, helpful, and throw them a thank you when you can. All right, that's it for now, but make sure to check the description for the links to the other videos that we've made on flying into class DC and B airspace, mastering the radios, and how to understand what's going on in the airspace around you. Hey guys, thanks for watching the video. We hope that you enjoyed it and learned a little bit of something on the basics of talking to air traffic control. We actually made a video like this a really long time ago and it was about to hit a million views, so we decided to remake it bigger, better, stronger, all those things. Anyways, you can check it out over on our channel page if you want to. And while you're there, make sure to subscribe because we have a lot more follow-up videos to this one that we just made. Anyways, share aviation wherever you can and we'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yelssinlomeli3460 [2 likes]: 0:07 always imagined the commercial pilots just yelling I’m a Boeing !
  2. @grahamwellington9786 [1 likes]: This is one of the best videos I’ve seen to date. I’m a bit slow on the uptake so had to listen to the calls a few times, but this is great. I’d say radio communications is hands down the most difficult part of flying. The poh tells you speeds and settings, and they should be routine, but atc can make all sorts of requests and they’re not always easy to comprehend, especially if the controller is (typically) speaking quickly or has an unusual accent.
  3. @vansonfilm [1 likes]: 11:22 you've got a loose rivet/screw there..
  4. @dyaxines5849: 11:22 the screw that is near the line between the engine cover and windshield and in front of the camera is shaking
  5. @WinniePood: Haha my instructor said ground is just some bored dude in tower waiting on a call 😂
  6. @guillermomiranda_gm: 11:28 , is she drunk? That didnt sound like "Cleared to land"
  7. @BayAreaMike99: I just wanna learn all this stuff so I can watch aviation videos and know what thier saying😂
  8. @poopsMcgee05: I can't understand anything on ATC. God forbid there's any static or someone has an accent. How do you do this?
  9. @Goodyear_Aviator: Student pilot here, this video is great because I also fly from deer valley! This is sooooo awesome because I’m already familiar with the airport!
  10. @enwenchileno7050: I don't get why the 'Romeo 8 thing'. Your callsign is CESSNA 75600, and the operator uses 'CESSNA 75600', it doesn't use 'Romeo 8'
  11. @Johnny-JH: Lovely lovely video!  thanks!
11:49 she speaks extra fast and eats words without completing them. You intentionally used her audio to let us know that it is normal?
  12. @SimonLiska: Is the procedure same in Europe (how the atc comunicate with pilot, is  phraseology the same)?
  13. @risingGalaxy1327: 0:05
  14. @lunacxy8293: Do you have any courses
  15. @Controldagaming: I like to practice in flight simulators like xplane with vatsim
  16. @CarsonMcnabb: I will never be a maroon. When talking to aircraft control. Never if I have the opportunity. I understand the magnitude and the importance of communicating with air traffic control all the time for my safety and for the other pilots safety around me as well.
  17. @peteyv.4924: the fading low volume and mumbling at the end of every transmission can really drive a rookie crazy...
  18. @Starvaze: Boy, looking at JFK'S class B airspace,  makes my eyes strain 😵‍💫

Note: i. Don't.  Fly. Just learning if the "fly" prefix becomes a future reality.
  19. @kimigdpro: vatsim guy here, i just skipped through this, wish me luck
  20. @RonaldMeringer: Love the video especially since I am based out of KDVT. Thank You.

- NDC [X] Partnerships: Flight Centre: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so initially we had no NDC capability and now we are proud to say that we are live with NDC and that has really been driven by Flight Center and Amadeus working together to make sure that our consultants can book and service their bookings our business isn't in the process of evolving as a result of NDC it means that we can sell more content to our customers and add more value which is really important because customers want things to look and feel more dynamic and work in a better retail experience and that's what we've been able to deliver I think initially there was a little bit of nervousness around NDC because it was a bit of the fear of the unknown but as we've started to roll it out the consultants have found a madea solution really quite easy to use and so now we're quite excited the key difference for Flight Center in what has been delivered already in NDC is around ancillary content the ability for our consultants to select and pay for a seat for customers which is really important so the fact that we have it all in one place is a much better experience for both our consultants and our customers our goal is to make sure that we can get all of the relevant content to our customers regardless of how that's booked and so NDC will continue to grow and be an important part of our strategy but actually it's about the content rather than the technology that's important for our customers the flight center strategy is to be able to get all of the content that our customers need to them but ensure that it works end to end so things that our customers need like servicing reporting and not impacted just because the content is coming in a different way and Amadeus have been absolutely key to that not only do they mean that the platform that our consultants use looks and feels the same so they find it efficient but all of our mid and back office processes can work as they do today and so Amma des has been absolutely instrumental in driving that word I think the key challenge is the fact that it's not still very standard we see is different capability being built in different ways by different airlines and if we're truly aiming for at scale the standardization has to come from an Amadeus with approach perspective is the collaboration and honesty that we really value the most they've got a huge amount of expertise that they're willing to share with us and without them really we wouldn't be where we are in our NDC journey

- Aviation Attorney Robert A. Clifford Discusses Pre-Case Claims Against FAA and U.S. Army: Kind: captions Language: en >> WELCOME BACK, EVERYBODY. DEVELOPING THIS MORNING A WIDOW AND HER CHILDREN NOW SUING THE GOVERNMENT OVER JANUARY'S DEADLY DC PLANE COLLISION THAT TOOK THE LIFE OF HEHER HUSBAND, CASEY CRAFTON GRAFTON WAS ONE OF THE 64 PEOPLE ON BOARD THE AMERICAN AIRLINES FLIGHT WHEN IT CRASHED INTO AN ARMY BLACK HAWK HELICOPTER CARRYING 3 US ARMY SOLDIERS CRAFT INS FAMILY IS NOW SUING FOR 2 150 MILLION DOLLARS. JOINING ME NOW IN STUDIO IS FOUNDER AND SENIOR PARTNER OF CLIFFORD LAW OFFICES. ROBERT CLIFFORD. HE'S REPRESENTING RACHEL KRAFT. GOOD MORNING TO YOU, SIR. EVEN FOR BOB ABOUT HIS GREAT CALL. YOU, BOB. AND YOU APPEAR TO BE AMONG THE FIRST TO BE REPRESENTING ONE OF THESE I CORRECT AND SAY BELIEVE SO. BUT I HATE TO BEGIN BY CORRECTING YOUR BANNER. IT'S NOT A LAWSUIT. YOU CANNOT CLAIMS FILED TO CLAIMS FILED OR PROCESS. WE HAVE KICKED OFF THAT PROCESS AND STARTED O'CLOCK UNDER FEDERAL LAW. YOU CANNOT JUST SIMPLY VOTE. ACCORDING THE U.S. GOVERNMENT. YOU MUST GIVE A NOTICE OF INTENT TO COLIFORM 95. >> IN HIS STARTS A SIX-MONTH CLOCK THAT THE GOVERNMENT HAS TO EITHER ACCEPT YOUR CLAIM OR REJECTED MOST OF THE TIME THEY EITHER DON'T RESPOND TO IT ALL AND THEY WAIT UNTIL 5 MONTHS, 29 DAYS. AND THAT'S WHEN YOU PIVOT PIVOT TO A LAWSUIT THAT YOU CAN FILE ONLY IN FEDERAL COURT ON THE INTERIM A FEDERAL JUDGE AND IT'S NOT A JURY TRIAL. AND THAT SEPARATE AND DISTINCT THEN ANY CLAIM AGAINST A CORPORATION LIKE THE AIRLINE BECAUSE YESTERDAY SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH THESE CLAIMS BEING FILED AGAINST FAA IN THE U.S. ARMY. WE USED SHOOT EVIDENCE PRESERVATION LETTERS AGAINST AMERICAN AIRLINES, AGAINST PSA, AGAINST SIKORSKY AIRCRAFT AND COLLINS AEROSPACE AND THESE ALL THESE ARE ALL THE PARTIES TO THE NTSB INVESTIGATION. A CASE THE FAMILIES ARE NOT ALLOWED TO PARTICIPATE IN. THIS IS OUR WAY OF MAKING SURE THEY KNOW WE'RE OUT HERE. WE WANT THIS EVIDENCE. THE FAMILIES WANT ANSWERS AND WE'RE WATCHING WANT JUSTICE YET. >> THANK YOU FOR THAT CLARIFICATION RIGHT OFF THE TOP. I'D BE REMISS TO ALSO NOT FIRSTLY, ASK ABOUT THE FAMILY. I MEAN, YOU'RE REPRESENTING HER MOM, 3 CHILDREN. HOW ARE THEY DOING THIS MORNING AND WHAT DOES JUSTICE LOOK LIKE TO THEM. JUSTICE LOOKS LIKE TO THEM ACCOUNTABILITY ANSWERS FOR WHY THEY'RE DEAD. THEY'RE HUSBAND PERISHED IN A PREVENTABLE CRASH. EVEN PRESIDENT TRUMP, THE VERY NIGHT OF THE CRASH THAT HELP PREVENT ABOARD WAS WE BELIEVE THAT TO BE THE CASE FROM ALL THE EVIDENCE THAT WE LISTEN, ALL OF THESE FAMILIES ARE SUFFERING THEY ARE GRIEVING. THEY ARE GETTING ON AS BEST THEY ALL THESE EVENTS ABOUT AVIATION OF LATE. CERTAINLY DON'T HELP THEM. >> BECAUSE IF JUST READ TRIGGERS ON THE BED TAUGHT SO I'M INVOLVED IN THESE CASES AGAINST BOEING. AND I CAN TELL YOU ALL THOSE FAMILIES FROM THE BOEING CRASHES ARE RELIVING EXPERIENCES BASED ABOUT WHAT THEY SEE HAPPENING NUMBER NEVER GETS RIGHT. WHAT IS THE CRUX OF YOUR CLAIMS. WHAT ARE YOU ACCUSING THE MILITARY. THE FAA. WE'RE ACTUALLY TAKING LITTLE BIT WAIT AND SEE STEP. I MEAN, LISTEN, A LOT OF INFORMATION COME OUT OF WASHINGTON ABOUT THE PERFORMANCE OF AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL AND CONFUSION IN COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE MILITARY AIRCRAFT, WITH THE HELICOPTER AND ALSO THE COMMUNICATIONS WITH WITH THE INBOUND AIRPLANE. 1 OF THE THINGS THAT'S FASCINATING TO US TO ALWAYS THAT WE ARE GOING TO LOOK INTO IS WHAT WE BELIEVE IS WILLFUL NEGLECT OF ALL THE AIRLINES AND ALLOWING THE COMMINGLING OF THIS COMMERCIAL TRAFFIC WITH THE MILITARY TRAFFIC. IT IS OUR NATION'S CAPITAL. THERE ARE MILITARY BASES THERE. THE MILITARY PRESENCE OF HELICOPTERS IS A GIVEN, BUT IT'S BEEN KNOWN FOR A VERY LONG TIME THAT THAT AIRPORT CREATES THE OPPORTUNITY FOR NEAR MISSES. AND THAT'S PRECISELY WHAT WE BELIEVE HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR YEARS. AND THEN FINALLY THIS TERRIBLE DISASTER HAS OCCURRED. SO NOT ONLY ARE WE GOING EXAMINE WHAT OCCURRED THAT NIGHT AND THE COMMUNICATIONS FAILURES THAT NIGHT IN ACTIVITIES OF BOTH PILOTS. THAT NIGHT. BUT WE'RE ALSO GOING TO BE LOOKING AT THE BROADER PICTURE ABOUT THE SAFETY AROUND THAT AIRPORT BECAUSE DON'T FORGET THIS. >> ERROL ATC TOWER WAS ONLY MANNED BY 1 MINERS IN THAT AND I WAS OVERLOADED. LET'S NOT FORGET TO SEND AIRLINE. HAS THE HIGHEST DUTY OF TO ITITS PASSENGERS. THEY KEEP YOU AND I CAN'T RUN A RED LIGHT AND WE'RE DOING ARE DRIVING OUR CARS. THEY CAN'T RUN YELLOW LIGHTS AND THAT'S A REAL PROBLEM HERE AND THAT WE'RE GOING TO GET TO THE BOTTOM QUICKLY BEFORE LET YOU GO TIMELINE ON HOW LONG YOU THINK THIS THIS BATTLE. WELL, WHEN IT CHANGED SIX-MONTH PERIOD. VERY PRODUCTIVELY TO WORK WITH OUR ALL OF OUR FAMILIES TO DEVELOP THE DAMAGES CASE DOES BEAR IN MIND WITH THE COURTS WILL DO. THEY WILL CONSOLIDATE ALL OF THESE FAMILIES. IT'S NOT A CLASS ACTION. THEY WILL CONSOLIDATE THESE FAMILIES ARE TO UNDERSTAND AND GET TO THE BOTTOM OF LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY AND THEN EACH INDIVIDUAL FAMILY AND THEIR LAWYERS WILL DEVELOP THE PRESENTATION OF THE DAMAGE IS SO THAT THE FAMILIES CAN RECEIVE THE INFORMATION PRESENTATION ABOUT THE VERY LOSSES THAT THEY'VE SUSTAINED BOTH ECONOMICALLY AND ECONOMIC RELIEF AND SEEK TO JUSTICE THAT THEY'RE ENTITLED TO UNDER

  Top Comments:
  1. @aztlankooky: I am fascinated how Attorney Robert A. Clifford spoke about this incident. I would really like to listen to him more and learn from him.
  2. @fairyprincess911: The air traffic problem stems from the massive firing of all ATC personnel by Reagan.  Country never recovered.  Tech out of date.  No funds.  Now funds cut further.  The current president has no aviation credentials to claim fault on anyone's side except hubris on the part of govt over decades.

- TSA Is Sharing Your Data—And ICE Is Waiting at Airports: Kind: captions Language: en You booked a domestic flight, no international border, no passport control. But what if I told you someone already knew you were coming and was waiting? Not TSA, not airport security, ICE. And this isn't speculation. This is happening right now. According to internal data from US Immigration and Custom Enforcement and the Transportation Security Administration, over 800 people were arrested between January 2025 and February 2026. Now, this has been going on a while. Hasn't been going on since this January. It's been going on since last January. For all those people who think that ICE has recently gotten in airports, they've already been in airports and they've always been in airports enforcing immigration law. And this information is based on tips from the TSA. Let that sink in. This wasn't random enforcement. This was datadriven interception. And even more surprising, TSA shared data on over 31,000 travelers with ICE. Ladies and gentlemen, that's not a handful of cases. That's a pipeline. Most people think TSA's secure flight program is about one thing, and that's stopping terrorism. It was created in 2007 to identify threats on government watch list. But now it's being used to flag individuals with final deportation orders, people with routine immigration violations. And here's how it works. TSA receives your flight info. The data is checked against government databases. If there's a match, ICE is notified before you even board the airplane. And when you land, they're already there. This isn't random. This is systematic. ICE receives passenger manifest multiple times a week. When someone flagged is flying, TSA shares the flight details. ICE tracks the arrival and agents intercept at the airport. No warning, no border crossing, just a domestic flight turned into an enforcement action. This is where it gets uncomfortable. These aren't just statistics. These are real people. A couple living in the US for over 20 years, detained in front of their kids on a domestic trip. A mother arrested at San Francisco International Airport the day before expanded ICE airport operation. A college student detained flying home for Thanksgiving. No international travel, no border stop, just airports becoming checkpoints. And this is where the debate explodes. Over 40 members of Congress have pushed back, saying this creates confusion and fear, a breakdown of trust in airport security. And critics argue that tools built for aviation safety are now being used for immigration enforcement. And that shift changes everything. The Department of Homeland Security says these individuals already had final orders of removal. From their perspective, this isn't new authority. It's just better coordination. But here's the real question. When you book a flight, who is your data really for? Is TSA a security agency or becoming part of a border enforcement network? Because if airport screening systems can be repurposed like this, what's next? This isn't about politics. It's about how systems evolve and how quickly the purpose of data can change. So, next time you fly, ask yourself, who already knows I'm coming? Comment below. Let me know what you think of this whole TSA ICE situation. this whole TSA ice coordination. And like always, I'm Brian, your flying mentor, and I'll catch you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @flyingmentor [2 likes]: Would you still feel the same about flying if you knew your data could be used this way?
Let’s talk about it 👇
  2. @grayrabbit2211 [1 likes]: Good. My family immigrated legally 30 years ago and are proud American citizens.

- Qantas fixes data breach after passengers' personal details shared | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en when Josh Withers opened the quantis app this morning he was shocked to see another person's Account Details JS Quantas points and um status credits and their flights that are coming up after logging out and back into his account there was sensitive information about someone new they were traveling from uh from the kai to Perth via Brisbane and they checked in as news of the data break spread customers feared the worst with a heap of status and a heap of points if the person had checked in their boarding pass was accessible if it is visible to everyone I think they can change the name and they can travel at 9:00 a.m. Quant said it was investigating by midday the company said a technology issue caused the problem and that it was resolved but one customers sent the ABC evidence that more than an hour later it was still happening late this afternoon quantis issued another statement admitting there were two periods today when the problem occurred the data breach that's occurred today through the Quantas saap should never have happened if proper procedures were in place to test changes before they were rolled out Quant says it's not aware of people traveling on someone else's boarding pass but some say that needs urgent investigation even if they find that no one did travel with uh someone else's boarding pass the fact that it may have been possible is a very serious matter Aaron Turner says the data break shows privacy laws are out of date this is bound to happen again and again unless we reform our privacy laws quantis has contacted Australia's privacy commissioner to say it's investigating if the data breaches found to have caused serious harm quantis must notify customers and faces another probe by the regulator and possibly large fines Michael Atkin ABC News for